On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
Fox's Beckel: No more mosques in America until Muslims 'denounce' Kenya attacks
Fox News co-host Bob Beckel went off on American Muslims on Monday, demanding that no more mosques be built until moderate Muslims "denounce" the recent mall attack in Kenya.
Islam is "not the religion of peace," Beckel, the show's relatively progressive co-host said. "They are the religion of Islamic [fundamentalism]."
"I will repeat what I said before: No Muslim students coming here with visas. No more mosques being built here until you stand up and denounce what's happened in the name of your prophet," Beckel continued. "It is not what your prophet meant as soon as I know. I don't know his mother's name and I don't care. The point is, that the time has come for Muslims in this country and other people in the world to stand up and be counted, and if you can't, you're cowards."
(PHOTOS: Kenya mall attack)
UPDATE (1:30 p.m.): ThinkProgress's Judd Legum informs me that Beckel said something similar in July.
(h/t Media Matters)
UMPC Bedford Memorial Hospital responded Thursday morning to a Pennsylvania Department of Health citation that said staff members at the medical center took cellphone photos and videos of a patient being treated for a "foreign body" lodged in their genitals in December. (WJAC)
EVERETT – UPMC Bedford Memorial Hospital responded Thursday morning to a Pennsylvania Department of Health citation that said staff members at the medical center took cellphone photos and videos of a patient being treated for a "foreign body" lodged in their genitals in December.
The hospital network self-reported the violations.
“UPMC is committed to ensuring that our patients' health information remains confidential,” Patt Keith of UMPC Media Relations said in a statement. "The behavior reported in this case is abhorrent and violates the mission of UPMC Bedford and the overall values of UPMC.
"Upon discovery, UPMC quickly self-reported the incident to the Pennsylvania Department of Health and took appropriate disciplinary action with the individuals involved. The Department of Health has approved our plan of correction.
”We have also alerted the affected patient. Since this is an ongoing investigation, we are not at liberty to comment further at this time.”
The health department said in its 119-page report that the hospital suspended one doctor for seven days, another for 28 days and is replacing the hospitals nursing director for surgical services.
The staff members involved were not identified in the report.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
Ears perked up all around Capitol Hill on Friday when Sen. Lindsay Graham (R-SC) announced he had been crafting an alternative, bipartisan health care plan as support crumbles for the Obamacare repeal bill pushed by GOP leaders.
But Graham, who coyly teased reporters that he wouldn't reveal the policies under consideration until later this week, admitted that it was less of collaborative process with Democrats than a plan he hopes will appeal to some Democrats once it sees the light of day.
“I don't know if this will attract bipartisan support, but it might,” Graham offered to TPM.
Prospects for this secret effort, however, do not look rosy.
The only Democrat who confirmed to TPM that he's been approached by Graham, Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV), implied the cross-the-aisle talk did not go far.
“He threw some things out and said, ‘Joe what about this, this and this?' And I said, ‘You know, we're not going vote to repeal,'” Manchin told reporters. “But I said, ‘You know, if you're wanting to repair and fix it with the private sector and no harm to Medicaid, and get rid of all the tax cuts you're giving to the rich, let's sit down and talk.' And that's where we left it.”
Separately, Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) says she has had six Democrats approach her over the last few months “indicating that they have a willingness to start looking at a compromise bill.” But after “off-and-on” talks, no plan is currently in the works.
Though the GOP by all accounts does not yet have the 50 votes they need to pass their health care bill, almost every other Republican senator who spoke to TPM treated the idea of working with Democrats on a health care bill as a joke, an impossibility, a dream for the distant future, or a threat to bully dissenting Republicans in line.
The news of Graham's effort came the same day that Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) took the unusual step of announcing he would keep the Senate in session during part of their cherished August recess. Stymied on their core promise of the last eight years—repealing the Affordable Care Act—despite controlling every level of power in Washington, Republicans' wide array of arguments on why they should or should not work with Democrats is yet another sign of desperation and dysfunction.
When asked if he'd be willing to work with Democrats if the GOP health care bill goes down in flames, Sen. John Kennedy (R-LA) told reporters: “I'd be delighted to have the Democrats offer up ideas, but what I hear primarily from the Democrats is that they want a single payer system.”
Though much of the Democratic voter bases wishes this were true, senior Democratic leaders from Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) to Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) to the DNC have rejected the idea of a single payer health care system. Even California, a state under total Democratic Party control, has been unable to implement such a model.
Other Republicans, like Sen. Mike Rounds (R-SD), said he would like to work with Democrats “someday,” but for the present health care fight: “We're going to have to do the hard lift ourselves.”
Others who just a few months ago were calling for a bipartisan process and holding side meetings with Democrats to try to craft a deal now say working with Democrats is not possible.
“Nobody wanted to talk,”complained Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA). “They were so…” Catching himself, he muttered, “I was about to use my French.”
“I was so frustrated,” Cassidy continued. “Because, it was all, ‘That's great, man, really great. Hope we can get together.' But then I saw that Politico article about Schumer saying [to Democrats]: ‘Stay in line and don't cooperate.' I just threw up my hands. I think that explains why everybody was so full of ‘attaboy' but nobody ever wanted to commit.”
Democrats, for their part, are pointing fingers right back at Republicans, saying they would be perfectly willing to negotiate if Republicans would make two key concessions: drop the proposed cuts to Medicaid and scrap the tax breaks for the wealthy.
“Once you get rid of those two things, we can have a conversation,” Sen. Dick Durbin (D-IL) told TPM.
Durbin added any nascent bipartisan talks that have sprung up have been stuck in limbo, waiting to see whether Republicans can muscle through a bill on GOP votes alone.
“The Senate Republicans I've spoken to are all waiting for McConnell to say, ‘This is over. I can't pass it.'”
Such an admission may come as soon as next week, when Republicans plan to hold a procedural vote on their health care bill whether or not they have secured enough votes for its passage.
“There comes a time where you have to fish or cut bait,” Kennedy told reporters. “We'll either pass it or we won't pass it, and if we can't do it, let's move on to something else.”
Another sign of the season: David Hutchinson from Seal Sitters shares the photo and report on their banners' annual arrival on Alki:
Seal Sitters would like to thank Seattle Parks & Recreation for installing our “Share the Shore” banners along Alki Avenue again this year. A special thanks to Parks' employee, James Lohman, who has been responsible for handling this the past several years.
Harbor seal pups are born from June – September in south Puget Sound and Seal Sitters' busiest time of year are the months of September and October when they “haul out” on our West Seattle beaches. They are protected by federal law, so if you come across one of these vulnerable pups, please remember the following: stay back, keep people and pets away, and call your local stranding network – for West Seattle beaches, that would be Seal Sitters Marine Mammal Stranding Network at 206-905-SEAL (7325). For all other beaches, please call the NOAA Hotline at 1-866-767-6114.
Seal Sitters is a member of NOAA's West Coast Marine Mammal Stranding Network.
Hector Luna's pinch-hit single broke a 1-1 tie in the bottom of the eighth inning as the Chunichi Dragons completed a three-game sweep of the Central League-leading Yomiuri Giants with a 2-1 victory on Sunday.
Moments after the Giants tied the game against Dragons reliever Warner Madrigal (1-0), Yohei Oshima drew a leadoff walk against Yomiuri relief ace Tetsuya Yamaguchi (2-3). Oshima advanced on a ground out and was on second when Luna, the CL's leading hitter, came off the bench to hit with two outs.
Luna got the end of the bat on a low-and-away changeup from the left-handed Yamaguchi and lifted it over the infield. Giants center-fielder Hisayoshi Chono was playing shallow for a potential throw to the plate. He charged and was on the ball in a flash, but failed to corral the ball and the speedy Oshima scored easily.
It was the first hit for Luna, who had been sidelined by inflammation in his left knee, since July 5.
“I was intent on getting the runner home and was really concentrating,” said Luna, who is batting .369. “I swung and missed at one of his (Yamaguchi's) changeups, so I expected he might throw it again.
“I had never faced him before, so seeing that changeup once really helped.”
Japan's all-time saves leader, Hitoki Iwase, pitched a 1-2-3 ninth to earn his 19th save of the season.
Daisuke Yamai started for the Dragons and juggled eight hits and three walks to record seven scoreless innings. He pitched out of a series of jams, stranding five runners in scoring position through five innings, and was rewarded when the Dragons drew first blood in the sixth against Yuki Koyama.
Kazuhiro Wada reached on a two-out single, just the fourth hit of the afternoon off the 24-year-old Koyama. Ryosuke Hirata hit a deep fly that left fielder Yoshinobu Takahashi raced to and gloved but dropped on contact with the wall. Instead of an inning-ending catch, Wada scored as Hirata was credited with a double.
Takahashi redeemed himself in the top of the eighth, when his RBI single tied the game off Madrigal.
Carp 13, Swallows 3
At Jingu Stadium, Hiroshima ace Kenta Maeda (7-5) allowed two runs over eight innings in a win over Tokyo Yakult as the Carp avoided being swept in three games.
A throwing error by Swallows ace Masanori Ishikawa (2-7) allowed the Carp to put the first two runs on the board in the second inning. Yakult's Wladimir Balentien hit his 32nd home run in the ninth, keeping him on a pace to break Japan's single-season home record of 55.
Tigers 8, BayStars 4
At Koshien Stadium, rookie Shintaro Fujinami (6-3) allowed a run in six innings as Hanshin defeated Yokohama ace Daisuke Miura (6-7) and pull within 1½ games of CL-leading Yomiuri.
Ryota Imanari's two-run single overturned a 1-0 deficit and sparked a seven-run sixth inning, that Ryota Arai capped with a grand slam.
PACIFIC LEAGUE
Lions 5, Eagles 2
At Kleenex Stadium, Seibu right-hander Takayuki Kishi (5-5) effectively changed speeds to hold league-leading Tohoku Rakuten to two runs on seven hits in his second complete-game victory of the season.
Eagles starter Brandon Duckworth (4-4) issued a leadoff walk in the third. Five straight singles followed as Hideto Asamura, Shogo Akiyama and Yutaro Osaki drove in a run apiece and drove Duckworth from the game.
Fighters 7, Marines 2
At Sapporo Dome, former Minnesota Twin Bobby Keppel (1-0) triumphed in his return from injury, allowing two runs in five innings as Hokkaido Nippon Ham snapped a three-game losing streak with a win over Chiba Lotte.
Keppel, who has not pitched at this level since April 10, 2012, last won on Oct. 14, 2011. Eiichi Koyano put the game on ice with a third inning grand slam, while rookie pitcher/outfielder Shohei Otani hit a pinch-hit, two-run homer.
Hawks 3, Buffaloes 2
At Yafuoku Dome, Fukuoka Softbank snapped a three-game losing streak when Kenta Imamiya singled in the tie-breaking run in the bottom of the ninth off Orix closer Yoshihisa Hirano (1-4).
Former New York Mets reliever Ryota Igarashi (1-1) blew a one-run save opportunity for the Hawks in the top of the ninth, but controlled the damage and earned his first win in Japan since Oct. 7, 2009.
This post may contain referral/affiliate links. If you buy something, MSA may earn a commission. Read the full disclosure
We have confirmed the third January 2018 Boxycharm spoiler! (Thanks to Yosef on Boxy Babes!)
All subscribers will receive:
IT Cosmetics Brow Power™ Universal Eyebrow Pencil – Value $24
And in case you missed the first two spoilers:
DR. BRANDT SKINCARE pores no more® Luminizer Primer – Retail Value $38
– Retail Value $38 Crown Glam Metals Palette – Retail Value $25
AND a face palette! (brand TBD)
What do you think of the latest Boxycharm spoiler?
If you haven't signed up for this box yet, it is $21 a month. Check out my reviews of Boxycharm boxes, our posts of Boxycharm Spoilers to learn more.
Liz is the founder of My Subscription Addiction. She's been hooked on subscription boxes since 2011 thanks to Birchbox , and she now subscribes to over 100 boxes. Her favorites include POPSUGAR Must Have FabFitFun , and any box that features natural beauty products!
A staccato mile-a-minute talker who subsidized his broadcasting habit by working as a cabbie, Bowker had suffered enormous medical and financial blows over the past several years, from diabetes to heart trouble. Benefits put scarcely a dent in his hospital expenses. For those used to seeing him in his jaunty, barrel-chested prime, his appearance in recent years was a shock: frail, unsteady, propped by a walker, wracked by coughing fits and wheezes that tended to stop his perpetual scheming in frustration.
And yet he always steered away from his current troubles to talk about doing that next show, working that next promotional hustle, getting that next cool guest, finding that syndication deal that might allow him to make a living wage off doing what he loved. As a cabbie, he was privy to a whole nightworld most of Nashville never sees, a world of all-nite greasy spoons and strip-club parking lots, a world where the conventioneer in your backseat slips you a couple of bills just so you'll stay put out back of the massage parlor. In standing up for rock bands and burlesque gals and kayfabe wrasslin' matches, he was the anti-Chamber of Commerce, hellbent to remind hoity-toity Nashvillians that they were living in his Music City, not he in theirs.
A memorial service is being planned, and we'll pass along the details as they arrive. A memorial page has also been established on Facebook. In the meantime, here's the end of a 2008 Scene article detailing a benefit held on the air at Channel 19 in Bowker's behalf:
A coffee can be passed around by [Channel 19 producer/host Jesse] Goldberg to the 30 or so well-wishers and participants on hand came back stuffed to overflowing with change and bills. In the end, the evening was much like an episode of the Bat Poet's own show — ramshackle, all-embracing and lit by the glare of unextinguished work lights. The only thing missing was the guest of honor. Still too frail to deliver new episodes of his show, Joey Bowker watched the telethon propped up on Melba Toast's couch in East Nashville. But in a basement off Music Row, near the headquarters of the honky-tonk industrial complex, a cowl sits on a wig stand awaiting the call to action. "I'm not tall, dark and handsome. I'm ugly and short," Bowker says. "But it's amazing what happens when I put on the clothes. I'll still be chasin' women, tearin' up the streets and waitin' for that call from the mayor. God's gonna let me live a little longer."
If only, Joey. We'll keep watching the skies, just in case.
Rep. Lou Barletta said Thursday that he had declined an offer to serve in Donald Trump's administration, saying he could do more on a greater variety of fronts working in the House to advance the president-elect's agenda.
The Pennsylvania Republican was early supporter of Mr. Trump and currently serves as a member of the transition team's executive committee. He said that he was under consideration for labor secretary.
Mr. Barletta released a statement as reports surfaced that Mr. Trump had selected Andy Puzder, the CEO of the company that owns the Hardee's and Carls Jr. fast-food franchises, to run the Labor Department.
“It was a tremendous honor for President-elect Trump to ask me to consider taking a place in his administration,” he said in the statement. “After much thought, prayer, and discussion with my family and close friends, I decided today to remain in Congress, and I withdrew from consideration for Secretary of Labor.”
Mr. Barletta, a frequent visitor to the transition team offices, said that because of his close relationship with the incoming administration he would be a greater asset in Congress.
“I will have an opportunity in the House of Representatives to accomplish more on a variety of issues that I have cared about for so long, including immigration policy, transportation infrastructure, and jobs,” he said. “Having helped the campaign with the development of those policies, coupled with serving on key committees in Congress and having a direct pipeline to the White House, I will be better positioned than ever to serve the people of the 11th District.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is in Manila for the 31st ASEAN Summit, also visits the International Rice Research Institute in Laguna
Published 6:30 PM, November 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday, November 13, inaugurated the Resilient Rice Field Laboratory at the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), a global rice research organization based in Los Baños, Laguna.
Modi is in the Philippines for the 31st Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit and Related Summits, where India is a dialogue partner.
IRRI has an office in India, and 16 other countries in Asia and Africa.
The new laboratory will focus on developing rice varieties that can withstand flooding and the challenges that come with salinity-prone areas. Salinity or salty conditions affect grain yields negatively. (READ: IRRI experts discover 'wonder' rice gene)
Developing countries such as the Philippines and India deal with massive flooding each year. Most of the world's rice is grown in Asia but according to IRRI, 20 million hectares of rice fields in the region are prone to flooding.
"In India and Bangladesh alone, more than 5 million hectares of rice fields are flooded during most of the planting seasons," IRRI said in a statement.
Saw a detailed exhibition on rice varieties and the impressive work done by IRRI with women farming cooperatives. pic.twitter.com/zoqW86brF2 — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 13, 2017
India partnership
The Philippine laboratory will conduct the research, and the data will be forwarded to the Indian office for testing. IRRI's South Asia Regional Center is in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.
"The Varanasi Center would help increase farmers' income by enhancing and supporting rice productivity, reducing cost of production, value addition, diversification, and enhancement of farmers' skills," Modi said.
On Twitter, Modi said he met with Indian scientists and researchers who work at IRRI. (READ: World's first global standard for sustainable rice launched in PH)
"India is also involved in helping IRRI in strategic planning, helping decide key goals, and working to overcome hunger as well as poverty," he said.
IRRI will also work with the Indian Center for Agriculture Research to have local farmers test the innovation.
"This ensures innovations are tailored to farmers' needs and quickly adopted – creating a responsive, real-time laboratory dedicated to the development of high quality, profitable rice varieties for those in need," IRRI said.
IRRI Director General Matthew Morell praised India's commitment to mitigate the risk of climate change for rice farmers. (READ: 3 types of rice ready for climate change)
"The establishment of research facilities and Centers of Excellence such as this one and the one in Varanasi is a testament to the Indian government's commitment to South-South collaboration as a key mechanism for meeting food security needs and improving the livelihoods and welfare of farmers – the farmers who play a critical role in transforming the global rice sector into an efficient, highly productive economic driver of the region," Morell said. – Rappler.com
After reading my report on the Kobach/Koch/Trump operation, which has removed tens of thousands of minority voters from the rolls in the swing states that surprisingly shifted to Trump, former federal judge (and now Congressman) Alcee Hastings told me Crosscheck is a criminal violation of federal law. Hastings has called for criminal indictments and written an official Congressional member letter to ask for investigation.
Hastings' demand for justice is backed by a petition to expose and end Crosscheck's racist attacks on voting rights. So far it's been signed by 50,000 people, including 29,507 members of 18 Million Rising, the Asian-American rights group. The group is joined by co-signers Rep. Keith Ellison, Bill Gallegos of Climate Justice, Martin Luther King III and others.
On Tuesday, December 13 I will join the leaders of 18 Million rising in Washington, D.C. to present the petition to Attorney General Loretta Lynch.
Stopping Crosscheck is the Standing Rock of racist vote suppression. If we don't open the investigations now, by January 21, Kris Kobach will be Homeland Security chief and Jeff Sessions Attorney General.
Demand an investigation into Crosscheck, sign our petition — and then share it!
For the full story, see the film, The Best Democracy Money Can Buy , the story of my investigation of Crosscheck.
* * * * *
Greg Palast (Rolling Stone, Guardian, BBC) is the author of The New York Times bestsellers, The Best Democracy Money Can Buy and Billionaires & Ballot Bandits, now out as major motion non-fiction movie.
Donate to the Palast Investigative Fund and get the signed DVD.
Download the FREE Movie Comic Book.
Visit the Palast Investigative Fund store or simply make a tax-deductible contribution to keep our work alive!
Or support the The Palast Investigative Fund (a project of The Sustainable Markets Foundation) by shopping with Amazon Smile. AmazonSmile will donate 0.5% of your purchases to the Palast Fund and you get a tax-deduction! More info.
Subscribe to Palast's Newsletter.
Follow Palast on Facebook and Twitter.
GregPalast.com
You can already get a ticket if you smoke in Burnside Park or any other city park in Providence. That ordinance was passed six months ago. Next up -- if it passes -- all downtown public spaces.
Businessman and former Mayor Joe Paolino walks the street that rings the south end of Kennedy Plaza, pointing out the discarded cigarette butts that litter the area. In fairness, the ashtrays were removed he says to discourage smoking. But more importantly, it's the secondhand smoke.{}
"I don't think that the secondhand smoke is healthy for anybody that has to breathe that smoke. And I think we can clean up our city at the same time," Paolino said.
Some agree. Even some smokers. Mark Brier was smoking in Kennedy Plaza when I asked where he would go to smoke if he couldn't smoke outside downtown.{}
"I'd go to another city. They're getting too expensive anyway," he said.
Frank LaTorre of Riverside would like to see the ordinance passed by saying, "Does someone have a right to put that kind of carcinogen into the air?" I asked him, "What about car exhaust?" He said, "It's a problem too. We're trying to deal with that as well. But you can't do everything. But I think in terms of secondhand smoke, that it's an incredible health hazard."
Some do not agree, like Kelly Masterson of North Providence.{}
"Just because it's Kennedy Plaza that's where people (smoke)," said said.{}
She said it's absurd that people who pass by can smell it.
Brandon Cooke of Wakefield is not a fan.{}
"We live in America, should have a right to freedoms. I mean, maybe they should make smoking sections," he said.
Christina Murphy of Whitesboro, New York, stopping by in Providence on a trip back from Northern New England with a friend, said they both love the city.{}
"I don't support smoking, that's just my opinion. but I think you should be able to smoke outside the park area," Murphy said.
This particular ordinance, that admittedly would be hard to enforce, only includes downtown outdoor public space, not Federal Hill, Thayer, Wickenden, or any other neighborhood.{}
"Providence will be at the cutting edge of cities nationally and we'll be probably the first capital city in america to try to get this passed in this downtown, which I think will just be great," Paolino said.
Already three cities in Colorado have outdoor smoking bans, as does Mobile, Alabama; Burlington, Vermont; Burbank, California; and parts of New York and Los Angeles.
Differences between the messages communicated by the two main parties through Twitter during the election campaign were consistent with differences between left and right wing moral priorities observed elsewhere, write David Smith and Beatrice Baroni. They use the Five Foundations theory to explain their findings.
We all know the clichés: Corbynistas are well meaning fantasists, short of a magic money tree, and the Tories are “the nasty party”. Yet these stereotypes of Conservative voters patronizingly sympathising with Labour ones, who can't understand how they sleep at night, may reflect something deep rooted in our senses of right and wrong.
To explain disagreements in our moral makeup, psychologist Jonathan Haidt devised the Five Foundations theory. This model is based upon extensive reviews of psychology, anthropology, and philosophy and argues that each of us has an intuitive moral sense comprising five elements.
The five moral foundations
The first foundation is care for others: a human desire to help vulnerable groups such as children or the elderly. Next comes fairness – our sense of justice and autonomy. This concept is separately defined to address concerns about inequality, or matching proportionality of effort to reward i.e. our tax debate in a nutshell. The third is loyalty towards in-groups, which can manifest in nationalist/patriotic sentiments or allegiance. Researchers have suggested this was a key aspect to the Brexit victory. Fourth is authority, typified by recognising leaders, reverence to hierarchies or preserving tradition. Fifth is purity, which is commonly linked with religion or a fear of degradation. A sixth moral sense, of liberty, has been proposed although is, as of yet, not canon.
Different cultures are thus defined in terms of the narratives and constructs they build around each of this foundation. For instance, UK leaders talk about “freedom, tolerance of others, and accepting responsibility” as British values, although they “don't do God”. However, obviously significant variation can also exist within a culture.
For example, Haidt theorizes that differences between liberals and conservatives show down to differences in moral foundation priorities. In a paper he co-authored, it was observed across four studies that liberals were more concerned with issues relating to harm and fairness vs the other three. In contrast, conservatives cared less about these two but were generally concerned about all five similarly, suggesting a wider moral palate. This, Haidt argues, can advantage conservatives who are historically better able to inspire confidence when addressing nationalism, tradition and religious freedom.
The same lab team also showed left wingers find it harder to understand the motivations of conservatives than the other way around. They argue this happens because both groups value care and fairness, although conservatives rely more on the three other foundations. In the UK this was illustrated in pre-election polling that saw more Labour than Conservative voters say the NHS was the most important issue for them (42% vs 11%) and vice versa for leaving the European Union (39% vs 11%).
Getting the message across: Twitter and the five moral foundations
In the modern age social media plays a considerable role in electoral campaigning. Sites such as Facebook and Twitter allow voters a way to share grievances, candidates a platform to communicate with constituents, and political parties a means to share their values. It is this last point that we were interested in exploring. In particular, we wondered if differences between the Conservative and Labour Twitter feeds were in line with the liberal vs conservative divisions identified by Haidt and his team.
We chose to use Twitter instead of Facebook because its more instantaneous format necessitates that parties post a lot. Furthermore, since users are more likely to share content then people do not need to follow parties to hear from them. We monitored their account activity for a week, from 26 May until 2 June 2017. This period followed the publication of both party manifestos, and a temporary campaigning gap in tribute to victims of the Manchester bombing. It was also a time when both accounts would be especially busy, since it encompassed both the Channel 4 interviews with Jeremy Paxman, the seven-way debate and the BBC Leaders Question Time.
Their tendency to attract younger voters may lead people to assume the Labour account would tweet more often, since this group uses social media more. Yet in the week we looked at, their 229 tweets were dwarfed by the Conservatives' 742. This may be because the Tory account was compensating for the generational gap in users. Their team would therefore need to work harder to communicate party values, in the face of many more tweets elsewhere about Labour (40% vs 26% of tweets with election-related hashtags).
The emphasis on each foundation was calculated as a percentage of the overall total, with some tweets relating to all or none of the five. Examples of care tweets emphasised protecting families, investing in public services or increasing national security. Fairness was reflected in tweets about sticking up for ‘the many not the few', or allowing people to take home more of their wages. Loyalty was commonly evoked by strengthening the country through Brexit or appeals for direct involvement. Authority was usually associated with recognising and/or trusting in the party leadership. And the few instances alluding to purity cited moral corruption, democracy as the most important thing or relationships with religious establishments (e.g. accusations of Jeremy Corbyn being an anti-semite or supporting terrorism).
The findings are in line with what Haidt anticipates. The Labour account tweeted marginally more about care (50% vs 48%) and a lot more fairness (49% vs 30%). Whereas the Conservative feed featured far more references to loyalty (54% vs 28%) plus authority (78% vs 19%). Note that both foundations were even alluded to in the party moto: “strong and stable leadership in the national interest”. And although neither profile posted often about purity, this was also a more frequent topic on the Tory one (11% vs 8%).
Many of the tweets were negatively phrased. In particular, the Conservatives regularly questioned Labour figurehead's competence or intensions as a means to advertise May's virtues. This was true about both sides, although overall the Labour account was predominantly positive (80% vs 28%) while the Conservative one was more negative (54% vs 48%). Many messages were both e.g. “PM – back of the net every time – JC – a series of tragic own goals”.
Given the unexpected result it would be imprudent to say that the above, along with the wider campaign, reflects Haidt's “conservative advantage”. However, since then commentators on both sides have suggested that Theresa May was not a suitable candidate for such a campaign. As per the Twitter page, the wider campaign was very personal. For instance, it was not uncommon for the Conservative party to call itself ‘Theresa May and her team'. An example of this presidential approach backfiring was when voters condemned May for not taking part in TV debates. This decision may have undermined the ‘authority' foundation by subverting an impression of her as a strong leader, and her opponent as weak. Furthermore, perhaps those who would not normally vote for a left wing candidate were impressed with Jeremy Corbyn's perceived honesty. The Conservative's controversial social care policy has also been proposed as a deciding factor in the campaign splitting voters. With its nickname “the dementia tax”, it was framed in clear violation of the care foundation.
So it would appear divisions between the two major parties' Twitter feeds are consistent with differences between left and right wing priorities observed elsewhere. Of course, if these trends reflect campaigns responding to voters' priorities, are part of an effort to shape them, or both, is open to interpretation. Nonetheless, their online presence further shows that the moral mindsets of left and right wing voters reflect different moral priorities, rather than one group being more righteous. It is also a reminder that when we assume somebody is delusional or a monster it's normally not that simple.
_______
About the Author
David S. Smith is Lecturer in psychology at BPP University.
Beatrice Baroni is a research intern and psychology student at BPP University.
A small section of a wedding cake. (Photo11: John Stillwell, AP) Story Highlights Daughter's wedding canceled and the venue, food, and entertainment were already paid for
200 homeless people received a four-course meal at the wedding venue
The family hopes to get sponsors and make it an annual event
NEWSER -- Willie and Carol Fowler were prepared to lose their deposits. Their daughter canceled her Georgia wedding with just 40 days' notice, and the venue, food, and entertainment were already paid for. Then Willie had "a vision," his wife tells ABC News.
"I was in the process of canceling out the venue and he said, 'No, what we'll do is donate it to Hosea Feed the Hungry.'" Their daughter had volunteered for the organization, which helps homeless people in the Atlanta area, when she was younger. And that's how, on Sept. 15, the Fowler Family Celebration of Love was born.
Two hundred guests were bused to Villa Christina for a four-course meal complete with coconut shrimp and salmon (the 50 kids in attendance got chicken fingers). The family hopes to get sponsors and make it an annual event, Carol tells WBUR.
MORE FROM NEWSER: China buys 3M hectares of Ukraine
A rep for Hosea Feed the Hungry said the nonprofit initially thought the Fowlers were pulling their leg: "It's a very creme de la creme wedding venue, so to say that you're going to host 200 homeless individuals at Villa Christina—it sounds like a prank call."
The Fowlers' daughter attended the event, and her dad says it was a "bittersweet but rewarding" experience; her mom tells Today Tamara found it "surreal but incredibly rewarding." Carol has this advice: "If you have canceled an event, do not walk away. Pick up the phone and call your favorite charity and offer it to them. We're regular, working people and anybody can do this. This is not star stuff."
(In Boston, a homeless man who did a very good deed is being handsomely rewarded.)
Newser is a USA TODAY content partner providing general news, commentary and coverage from around the Web. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1fh6aG1
ctvtoronto.ca
The death of a man found in Lake Ontario near the downtown ferry terminal is being investigated by Toronto's homicide squad, police said Friday morning.
Toronto police confirmed the death shortly before 7 a.m., after the man slipped into the water near the Westin Harbour Castle, in a park next to the downtown ferry terminal.
The man, 21, had been riding a rented bike along the boardwalk before he ended up in the lake at about 3:45 a.m. Police aren't sure if he was pushed, jumped or fell in.
Firefighters pulled the man from the lake, and then emergency crews rushed the unconscious man to hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
Police said Friday that the death was considered suspicious and homicide detectives were participating in the investigation.
No one had been arrested and no charges had been laid, Const. Tony Vella said.
The victim's friend, who was there at the time of the incident, talked to Toronto police Friday morning. He told police that the victim fell over the edge of the boardwalk and into the lake.
Police continue to canvass the scene at Harbour Square Park, looking for evidence where a Bixi bike stands abandoned and an orange life ring lies on the ground.
Anyone with more information is asked to contact Toronto Police Services or Crime Stoppers.
With files from CTV Toronto's Tamara Cherry
Gay marriage in Delaware is inevitable, the state's Governor Jack Markell said on Friday, a day after neighboring Maryland became the eighth state to legalize marriage for same-sex couples.
In an interview with Reuters Insider TV, Markell, a Democrat, said he expects that Delaware will take up same-sex marriage legislation "probably within the next few years."
Delaware began allowing civil unions -- an institution set up to give the same rights as civil marriage, while reserving marriage for heterosexual couples -- last year.
Markell noted that until three years ago it was legal in Delaware "to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation," and said the state was moving towards greater acceptance of homosexuality.
"I think it's inevitable," he said of gay marriage.
Massachusetts, Iowa, Vermont, New Hampshire, Connecticut, New York and the District of Columbia currently allow same-sex nuptials. Earlier this year, the New Jersey state legislature voted to allow gay marriage, but the measure was vetoed by Republican Governor Chris Christie.
Washington state will join the list of states with same-sex marriage in June unless opponents stop it ahead of a possible ballot initiative, and Maryland will be added in January 2013 unless its law, too, is overturned by a threatened referendum in November.
(Reporting by Fred Katayama and Edith Honan; Additional reporting by Alice Popovici; editing by Dan Burns)
Copyright 2012 Thomson Reuters. Click for Restrictions.
I don't know how else to put this. It's not you. It's me. It's really, really me. I've never met a state like you, and I've been to almost all of them. You are truly beautiful, in not only your appearance, but your people, your ways, your Beer. You've taught me so much in these 33 years we've been together. You've taught me how to appreciate cold, snowy winters and good IPA's. You've taught me how to love the Brewers and be a true fan through the good times and the bad. Mostly bad. Like really, really bad. You've taught me to look forward to the smell of manure in the breeze, silos on the horizon and the color red in your barns, the Badgers and burning autumn leaves. You've taught me everything is better with cheese. And that if you can eat it, you can fry it. Even candy.
I will never forget the hundreds of miles of countryside we've bicycled together, the rolling farmlands washing all my worries away. Or the endless weekend road trips you inspired me to take. And the rainbow of colors your little peninsula proudly radiates in October. Oh, and the Beer. I don't care what anyone else says. Not only do you make great Beer, you come up with creative excuses for your people to frequently consume it, and that my friend, is a gift. A gift, I tell you!
Remember when I made you my Valentine? That 14th day of February I committed myself to you forever. We will literally never part. And while the pain of your outline on my ribcage made me want to punch you in the face, in the end, it just made our relationship stronger. When the artist asked me if there was a special reason, I just blinked at him. Like you need an explanation.
Thank you for your intense thunderstorms, aromatic lilac bushes, clear lakes, quiet forests, and your beautiful bovines. I am super into those cows. Thank you for your football fans and the drunk college students who basically put me through school via their way-too-easily-influenced-by-boobs cash money tips. Thank you for Milwaukee. Thank you for La Crosse. Thank you for Wausau, Minoqua, Mercer, Florence, Superior, Hayward, Door County, Eau Claire, Chetek, Rice Lake, Cadott, Rhinelander, Conover, Mineral Point, and every small town I have ever joined you for a Beer. You are so beautiful, you don't even know it. Have you ever wondered why everyone from the southern border state owns vacation homes on your lake shores? Why those FIBs drive up eight hours every weekend to escape into your luscious forest and lake-filled arms? Because you're the best.
Just like Minnesota has their Nice, you have Wisconsin Love. On Wednesday, when a Tornado bartender I had never met overheard it was my last Tornado Late Night meal of delicious scallops and my beloved only-Tornado-can-make-it-this-good wedge salad, he swiped his own credit card with his employee discount, signed the receipt and put it in front of me. I love you because those are the kind of people who live within your ridiculously awesomely shaped border.
That old schoolyard taunt, “if you love it so much why doesn't you marry it?” could never work on me. Because I would. I would marry you and have millions of your babies, and watch as they slowly invaded Illinois and Ohio and Indiana, three of the worst states ever. Eventually the whole country would be one giant Kowalski-Wisconsin, not so commonly referred to as Heaven.
Other people, non-Wisconsinites, they just don't understand. When they ask me where I am from, they say it's no wonder I am leaving you, what with all the cold, the snow, the “midwesterness,” the people…all of the things I adore about you. Every stereotype out there about people from Wisconsin (for a fairly accurate verbal tour, Sh*t Wisconsinites Say pretty much sums it up): we fry everything, put cheese on everything, we're drunk all of the time, our phenomenal accent, the cows, it's true! It's all true! And it's spectacular. And for 33 years, I couldn't have painted a prettier picture.
But it's time. I've known this for a while, and I think you feel it too.
Just know this: it doesn't matter where my mail gets delivered. You will always be my home.
P.S. Please don't get mad at me if I eventually move to Minnesota. My sole purpose is to spread Wisconsin love, I swear.
In her new book The Glass Universe: How the Ladies of Harvard Observatory Took the Measure of the Stars, Dava Sobel turns her author's eye toward the women who changed the world of astronomy with their underpaid and largely unrecognized work. And it turns out that they were not alone—as Margaret W. Rossiter writes, women finally broke into the sciences in many sex-segregated jobs in the years between 1880 and 1910.
As women's colleges flourished, writes Rossiter, people began to wonder just what women would do with their new educations. At the same time, science itself was changing. As scientists pursued larger projects with bigger budgets and more daunting data needs, they needed help with their research. New professions opened up to women—as long as they didn't threaten men.
The Harvard College Observatory at the turn of the century was a frontier for women in astronomy and STEM generally.
In the past, women had been discouraged from pursing any livelihood. Suddenly, they were welcomed into jobs that “were so low-paying or low-ranking that competent men would not take them” or that required mind-numbing labor and attention to detail. Those jobs might seem inane today, but for the women of the era they presented a huge opportunity to combine scientific interests with socially acceptable work.
The Harvard College Observatory, which Sobel writes about in her book, was a first frontier. Edward Pickering, who ran the observatory, famously felt that the men in his employ were not competent. Instead, he entrusted work to a growing group of women who were laughingly referred to as “Pickering's Harem.” Over time, they became astronomical experts and moved from mundane calculations to the classification of the stars.
Encouraged by his example, others began to follow suit. Williamina Fleming, who started out as Pickering's maid and became one of his most trusted assistants, gave speeches at venues like the Chicago World's Fair encouraging the practice. Competition for scientific resources made women—cheap, effective, and educated—a natural addition to the scientific workforce.
The jobs weren't created out of high-minded principles, writes Sobel: They were low-paying and almost entirely without advancement. Many were never acknowledged for their work, and women's paltry pay was in turn used to justify poor wages in other feminizing fields like teaching.
“A segregated, low-status, almost invisible kind of ‘women's work' offered a harmonious way to incorporate the newcomers into the scientific labor force in ways that divided the ever-expanded labor, but withheld the ever more precious recognition,” writes Sobel. Ironically, the very forces that finally let women into the sciences would be the same ones that held them back in the decades to come. Today, women are still paid only 86 cents to a man's dollar in STEM jobs—a bleak legacy of the scientific revolution that, ironically, opened the doors to women to begin with.
The sex-segregation faced by early women in science is unthinkable today. But for the women of Harvard Observatory and elsewhere, those jobs represented a chance to fulfill one's potential, and change the world of science in the process.
Read more about women in STEM:
Mary Agnes Chase, pioneering botanist
Marie Tharp, pioneering ocean floor cartographer
Rachel Carson, pioneering ecologist
Green Bay Packers defensive back Micah Hyde during training camp practice at Ray Nitschke Field. (Photo: Evan Siegle/Press-Gazette Media)
THUMBS UP
Sean Richardson's two interceptions during the first 1 1/2 weeks of training camp were a nice surprise for the Green Bay Packers secondary, but it likely is going to be either Micah Hyde or Ha Ha Clinton-Dix starting Sept. 4 in Seattle.
Hyde has been around the ball often in camp, but it wasn't until Wednesday that he finally landed an interception.
One play after what would have been a sack of Scott Tolzien, Hyde snagged a one-handed pick off Chase Rettig. The Packers placed a heavy emphasis on takeaways this offseason after tying for 26th in the NFL with 11 interceptions.
Richardson and veteran Jarrett Bush each have two picks in camp, but it's important for the preferable starters to begin making some noise.
"I think we've gotten our hands on a few balls, that's kind of how it goes, no different than rushing the passer," Packers coach Mike McCarthy said. "You get around the quarterback and you're getting him off the spot, it's definitely good to see our secondary start to bring some of them in. We've had some opportunities. The coverage has been tight. I was pleased to see that."
With Morgan Burnett likely to miss Saturday's preseason opener against Tennessee with a oblique strain, Hyde and Clinton-Dix should get plenty of work in their quest for a starting job.
Packers receiver Davante Adams (17) makes a catch during training camp practice at Ray Nitschke Field. (Photo: Evan Siegle/Press-Gazette Media)
THUMBS DOWN
The Packers like what they've seen from Davante Adams. They'd probably like it even more if the rookie receiver could cut down his drops.
He showed his brilliance on an 11-yard touchdown from Matt Flynn over Casey Hayward in the right corner of the end zone, but also had two drops during other team periods. He had a drop in the middle of the field in a red-zone period from Tolzien off a slant route, which is where he might be used in four-wide sets with veteran Jarrett Boykin typically only playing on the perimeter.
Adams has a lot of potential and was incredibly productive at Fresno State, but those are the plays that separate the special receivers. Adams wasn't alone, though.
Even starter Randall Cobb had a drop Wednesday off a slant route from Aaron Rodgers. Cobb and Jordy Nelson's production allows them the luxury, but each dropped pass is crucial for the rest of the receivers group either trying to carve out playing time or a roster spot.
DID YOU NOTICE?
-- McCarthy waved off the last three periods, which he said were all optional fundamental drills. It was undeniably the hottest day of camp with temperatures in the low-80s and high humidity. It was a good tune-up for Nashville on Saturday when temperatures are expected to be in the high-90s.
-- After ripping a pass away from Boykin on Tuesday, Bush made it back-to-back practices with a takeaway with a red-zone interception of Tolzien. The pass was intended for receiver Alex Gillett, but a hit from undrafted linebacker Jake Doughty popped it up.
-- With Don Barclay out for the season with a torn ACL, Derek Sherrod began taking snaps at right tackle with the second-team offensive line after working mainly at left tackle. Sherrod improved to 12-3 in one-on-ones with three more victories, including one at right tackle. The extra reps trickled down to guard Lane Taylor and practice-squad holdover Aaron Adams, who received his first reps at left tackle with the second-team line when Sherrod shifted to the right side.
-- Myles White muffed another punt late in practice. His performance on offense has made him a front-runner for the No. 5 job, but he's been shaky behind Hyde and Cobb on fielding punts.
-- Rookie linebacker Carl Bradford has been off to a quiet start to camp, but won his first one-on-one against Jeremy Vujnovich. He also batted up a Tolzien pass in a late team period.
-- Mason Crosby continues to kick the ball well. He went 6-for-6 with makes from 33, 38, 43, 44, 46 and 48 yards.
Over the past 5 years, on behalf of state governments, nearly 100,000 Americans were gently manipulated by a team of social scientists. In 15 randomized, controlled trials, people in need of social services either encountered the standard application process or received a psychological nudge, in which the information was presented slightly differently—a postcard reminded them of deadlines, for example, or one choice was made easier than another. In 11 of the trials, the nudge modestly increased a person's response rate or influenced them to make financially smarter choices.
The results, to be presented tomorrow at the annual meeting of the Association for Psychological Science in Chicago, Illinois, add to the growing evidence that nudges developed by psychologists can make a real difference in the success of government programs. “These interventions have positive effects,” says Sim Sitkin, director of the Behavioral Science & Policy Center at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, who was not involved with the nudge trials. “They should be applied now.”
The idea of influencing people's choices by making subtle changes to the available information or context of their decisions has been around for generations. After all, what are the advertising and marketing industries if not nudges paid for by businesses? But rigorous academic research on public interest nudges is relatively new, says Caitlin Anzelone, a behavioral scientist based at the New York City offices of the Manpower Demonstration Research Corporation (MDRC), a social policy research organization created by the U.S. government in 1974.
MDRC launched the social service nudge trials in 2010 with funding from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. “To some extent we're reinventing the wheel for a new purpose,” says Anzelone, who oversaw the effort. But rather than influencing people to buy a product, MDRC's aim is to nudge them into choices that lead to positive outcomes for their health, family, and finances.
MDRC's trials took place in seven U.S. states and focused on everything from tax credits and welfare for needy families to child support programs. For example, Texas has a program to help alleviate the financial disasters that can develop when a parent is incarcerated. Without income, prisoners often face mounting debt as child support bills rack up, with knock-on effects that can drag the entire family deeper into poverty. The state allows child support payments to be lowered during a prison term, but the incarcerated parent has to actually apply for the modification—and most fail to take advantage of this option.
To see whether the complexity of the application process is the bottleneck, one of MDRC's trials randomly assigned 2000 Texas inmates with children either to a control group or to be nudged. The latter received postcards reminding them about the program, as well as an application form that came prefilled with personal information. Those who received the reminders and the simplified application were 11% more likely to take advantage of the child support modification option.
Most of the other MDRC nudges also worked, boosting the odds that the person would make a choice that seemed to be in their interest. The other interventions generally had smaller effects, however, shifting the frequency of a decision by 2% to 3%.
“Given the simplicity and the relatively low costs of the interventions, these [results] are impressive,” says Dilip Soman, a behavioral scientist at the University of Toronto in Canada. In the case of the Texas inmate program, for example, MDRC estimates that the intervention costs an extra $1.73 per person per month, and at that price even a small effect is worthwhile. According to Sitkin, “we tend to too readily dismiss small effect sizes.” However, “multiple small interventions can accumulate,” he says, adding up to a large impact.
To some, government nudges suggest mind control. In 2010, when the U.K. government launched its Behavioural Insights Team—dubbed the Nudge Unit by many—conservative bloggers railed against it as a tool for a “nanny state” that trampled on people's free will. But other governments have followed the U.K. example, Soman notes. The White House now has its own nudge unit—the Social and Behavioral Sciences Team (SBST)—and the Canadian government has similar groups conducting research at the provincial level. “[Governments] are warming up to the idea of using behavioral insights in program delivery and design,” he says.
What's next for the science of nudges? Behavioral scientist Crystal Hall of the University of Washington, Seattle, a member of the White House's SBST, suggests it's time “for researchers and practitioners to think more about moving beyond client-focused interventions.” Rather than just aiming at citizens, nudges could be tailored to the frontline social services staff who interact with them, she says. For example, the state could remind officials at child care centers to notify parents of deadlines they must meet to keep their kids enrolled.
“There is still a lot left to understand in terms of the nuance of nudges,” Sitkin says, but he hopes that won't slow down their application by policymakers. Several states, having seen MDRC's results, have already made their nudge permanent. “If we find an intervention with a positive effect, why not use it? And in the meantime, we can continue studying it,” Sitkin says.
Still in business. Photo: JOHANNES EISELE/AFP/Getty Images
Unsightly demonstrations accusing Henry Kissinger of mass murder tend to trail him wherever he goes, and so when the former secretary of state agreed to address a Yale graduate seminar, the school asked its students to keep the appearance confidential, probably to stave off the inevitable protests. Graduate students being graduate students, word of both Kissinger's appearance and Yale's efforts to keep it quiet inevitably leaked, so the protests when he arrives in New Haven on Friday are bound to be louder and more vigorous. This is the permanent theater of Henry Kissinger — Nobel Peace laureate, engineer of proxy wars, accused acquiescent to genocide — and it has been running for nearly four decades: Establishment institutions at once venerate his great intellect and importance while their scholars and students simultaneously accuse him of the most heinous crimes. The pattern is schizophrenic. You wonder why Yale bothers at all.
But it isn't just Yale. Kissinger keeps coming around, a component part of any international crisis, with all of the leaden predictability of a chorus in a Billy Joel song. He has a profile that other former secretaries of state like Warren Christopher or George Shultz, men not regularly accused of mass murder, could never approach. His cynicism is so undeviating, it is a kind of metronomic background against which the rest of the foreign policy debate plays. Whether he is writing about Ukraine in the Washington Post, or the Arab Spring in the International Herald Tribune, or talking about Syria's chemical weapons on Face the Nation, Kissinger will caution against the rashness of humanitarian intervention and admonish the White House to avoid disrupting the international order. People — the experience of those suffering or prospering under a regime or hoping to change it, the orientation of those in power — will barely be discussed at all.
Kissinger has managed to build a public position so unassailable that when new, credible evidence emerges suggesting his complicity in mass slaughter it does not change his public image at all. This fall, the Princeton historian Gary Bass persuasively demonstrated that Kissinger and Nixon had willfully turned a blind eye to alarmed diplomatic cables documenting that their ally, the Pakistani General Yahya Khan, was massacring hundreds of thousands of his citizens agitating for independence in East Bengal. There is something truly amazing about that. But the week Bass's book was published, Kissinger appeared on Face the Nation to discuss the crisis in Syria. No one asked him about his role in the Bengali slaughter. It was part of the background scenery, just more Kissinger theater.
Fame is always bankable, even fame of the most heinous kind. But I think Kissinger's strange place in the culture has a more specific cause. Our tendency in the public debate is to discuss foreign policy in bizarrely abstract terms — we talk ceaselessly about the tension between the “realist” and “idealist” positions on a crisis (even though every modern American endeavor, foreign policy or not, has components of both) as if the particular human experiences overseas mattered quite little, as if foreign affairs could be understood in terms as general and cleanly theoretical as those of economics. This is a useful shorthand, insofar as it allows you to have an opinion on how the White House should act without knowing much about the country in which it will be acting.
But it has a couple of nasty side effects. One is to subtly dehumanize people who happen to live in other countries, much as Kissinger himself does, by turning the discussion of events actually happening in the world — revolutions, famine, massacres — into a kind of internal test of character and leadership: What are the president's most fundamental commitments? Is he an idealist or a realist? Another is to elevate the most ideologically rigid foreign policy thinkers to a permanent place in the debate. Kissinger is one; the error-prone neo-imperialist reporter Robert Kaplan, who has a long and absurd piece in The Atlantic this month, is another. In a perverse way, accruing evidence of Kissinger's amorality, like the Bengali episode, only serves to strengthen his standing as the avatar of the relentlessly cynical American perspective on the rest of the world. In this, his credentials are impeccable. At least we know where he stands.
AAP chief Kejriwal was Friday evening assaulted by a man who claimed to be a supporter of social activist during a road show in Charkhi Dadri town of Haryana's Bhiwani district, witnesses said. The attacker has been arrested.
The man climbed the open jeep on which Kejriwal was travelling and tried to hit him during the road show in Charkhi Dadri, about 125 km from New Delhi.
The former Delhi chief minister was hit near his neck, but he was not injured.
The attacker, identified as Satinder of Lehga village in Bhiwani district, who is an unemployed law graduate, was immediately pinned down by Aam Aadmi Party supporters and beaten up.
He was carrying a bag with a black flag in it. He was taken away by police who were present at the spot.
The assaulter told police he wanted to show the black flag to Kejriwal in his face.
He said he was a supporter of and had participated in Hazare's protests in New Delhi in the past.
Kejriwal Friday began his three-day road show through
The AAP leader, who seemed to be caught completely unawares by the attack, took to the mike and urged AAP supporters not to hit the attacker.
However, the man was given a sound thrashing by the crowd before police whisked him away.
Police had made elaborate security arrangements for the AAP road show but the attacker was able to reach near Kejriwal after mingling with the crowd.
The AAP has fielded candidates in all 10 Lok Sabha constituencies in Haryana, which go to the polls April 10.
The party has focussed a lot on for the general elections after its good showing in December's assembly elections in Delhi.
Image copyright MOD Image caption The jetty was built in the 1920s and was last upgraded in the 1970s
The Royal Navy has released an image of planned improvements to a jetty at Portsmouth Naval Base.
The base will be home to HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales, the largest ships ever built for the navy.
Work on Portsmouth's jetty, built in the 1920s and last upgraded in the 1970s, has begun, with upgrades expected to be completed next autumn.
It forms part of a £100m infrastructure package to prepare the base for the arrival of the first carrier.
HMS Queen Elizabeth measures 280m (300 yards) long and can travel up to 500 miles (800km) a day.
The ship's systems are being tested and it will conduct sea trials next year before being handed over to the Royal Navy.
It is expected to come into service in 2020.
HMS Prince of Wales is being constructed at shipyards around the UK before it is assembled at Rosyth.
Once completed, the revamped naval base is expected to create hundreds of jobs in Portsmouth.
In November 2013, BAE Systems announced it was ending shipbuilding in Portsmouth, leading to 585 voluntary redundancies, 160 compulsory redundancies, and the redeployment of 175 members of staff.
By Noah Lieberman
Ballotcraft is a fantasy politics game (think fantasy football, but for politics). Play against your friends and win by best predicting what's going to happen in upcoming elections. Sign up and play here: www.ballotcraft.com.
This is part three of our four-part series analyzing Ballotcraft's market data during the first Republican Presidential Debate. We're looking at how a savvy investor could use this information to their advantage in the future.
This post will take a look at one of the current frontrunners in Iowa, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker. Walker entered the debate as the closest thing to a favorite on the Ballotcraft market, trading at just over 26 points at 9:00 PM. And for the majority of the debate it appeared as though it would stay that way, as his price stayed between 30 and 35 from 9:20 to 10:20, giving him a healthy margin over his challengers. In fact, Walker maintained at least a double-digit lead over the rest of the pack in that timespan, with his lead topping 20 points several times. However, just before the third commercial break, a chink appeared in Walker's armor as he fielded a question on Iran. Though his own market value was only slightly decreasing, his lead over the field was dropping dramatically. Most peculiarly, his answer was not any weaker than those which had given him the lead, so his sudden weakness could not be blamed on a serious blunder as Trump's could have been.
Walker's Lead Over Next Candidate
Instead, the collapse in Walker's lead was most likely due to a series of mediocre, tepidly-received answers which failed to distinguish him from the showier candidates on the stage. Walker's lead was at 16.2 points before his uninspired Iran answer, and it left so little of an impression on the traders that by the time he spoke again his lead was below 7, his lowest of the entire night. Unfortunately for Walker his next few opportunities (questions on the Black Lives Matter movement and the Russian cyber-attack) were largely squandered and his lead completely vanished, culminating in a 4 point deficit to Senator Rand Paul by 10:50. And though a more personal answer on his relationship with God was able to restore Walker's lead, that too vanished as he delivered yet another “aggressively normal” (his words, not mine) response as his closing statement.
How This Should Impact Your Strategy: Simply put, don't bet on Walker to win a debate so long as he remains a more or less boring debater. He says all the right things and I'd be pretty darn surprised if stock in his ability to win the nomination ever drop significantly after a debate, but it's even harder to imagine it jumping up because of his oratorical powers. Keeping your money invested in Walker during a debate will be a sound strategy, but don't count on it if you need to quickly gain ground in your league.
Noah Lieberman is the founder of election forecasting website PollingLab. Click here to see more of his analysis of the 2016 election.
Advertisements
As the saying goes, “The road to hell is paved with good intentions.” And so it has been with municipal Wi-Fi. While the goal of providing free access to citizens is a noble one, muni W-Fi proponents have misunderstood how the Internet is used in public spaces, primarily by assuming that people who can afford laptops are somehow unable to afford Internet access.
The majority of us have the means to pay for mobile voice and data service, especially now that companies like Metro PCS offer cheap, unlimited plans. However, there is a large population of people who can't pay rent, much less afford a MacBook or a BlackBerry loaded with all the extras. Perhaps a better solution is to update the concept of lifeline coverage to make it universal and automatic.
Advertisement
It seems reasonable to me to require mobile operators — as a condition for siting cell towers throughout a community — to provide basic service to users who can't afford it. What might this wireless “lifeline” service look like?
24×7 access to emergency and social services (911, 311, local agencies)
15 minutes per day of voice calls
Basic data service, downgraded when the network is in demand from paying users
Ability to upgrade to paid plans
Paid plans that go delinquent or to zero balance are automatically downgraded to “lifeline” phones with limited service
Ability to re-use second-hand phones
In exchange for supporting the concept of universal service, the mobile operators would receive permission to build more cell towers, tax credits and other incentives to add incremental capacity. They're already building out networks, so the cost of supporting a population of low-impact users should be minimal, especially since they can ration service to non-paying users during peak periods. Many of these people will also upgrade to paid plans when they can afford it.
It seems to me that the proponents of muni Wi-Fi tried to solve a problem that didn't really exist. Anyone who can afford a laptop can generally afford a cheap DSL or cable connection, or can find a hotspot when they need to get online. Extending broadband Internet to an entire city might be great for road warriors, but for the average person, it's a solution looking for a problem. The real problem is economics, not access, and that's something a public-private partnership between cities and mobile operators can solve, and quickly, because it's not necessary to build an entirely new network to support these users. It might not be necessary to build any new infrastructure if mobile operators can figure out how to ration service during periods of high demand from paying users.
Most of us who read this site take communication for granted, and frankly, have a warped view of what people outside the tech industry need. Talk to a tradesperson or someone who falls under the category of the “working poor” and you'll get a much different view of what's important (things like an affordable place to live, basic services, the means to find work and get things done). A cheap or free mobile phone can mean the difference between finding work and not, especially for transient populations (unfortunately a growing population thanks to the recession and mortgage crisis).
A well-designed wireless lifeline service could be developed at little cost to either a city or to mobile operators, yet would enable even the poorest of the poor to have the same access to information, services and jobs that the rest of us take for granted. If it works here, the model could be copied everywhere, especially in developing countries where the gap between the haves and have-nots is even more pronounced.
Brian McConnell is the founder of the Worldwide Lexicon project and Der Mundo.
The thing no one warns you about when you decide to become a Pokémon trainer is the humidity. It's hot and muggy on my first day hunting down Pikachus and Geodudes in Brooklyn, and my already clammy hands are getting even sweatier from the heat of my phone—
runs hot. ​
For the uninitiated, Pokémon Go is a game for iOS and Android that uses real GPS data to turn your surroundings into a game world, allowing you to walk around your neighborhood while collecting items, capturing creatures, and doing battle at designated "Pokémon Gyms." It's a solid pitch, but with clouds gathering overhead, I'm more worried about the impending rain than I am about catching them all. Especially since I can't even connect to the game's server.
When Nintendo first started promoting Pokémon Go last fall I was curious, if a little skeptical. The game's announcement trailer is every school-yard and water-cooler "What if there was a game where..." conversation turned into high-quality CG. Just watch:
It's nostalgia given motion. It's a promise of the imaginary breaking into the real world and bringing us all closer together along the way. Who wouldn't want to be part of that? The reality of Pokémon Go is much less exciting. The imaginary doesn't pierce into the real world so much as it butts up against the mundane constraints of design and technology.
Made by Niantic and the Pokémon Company (which is partially owned by Nintendo), Pokémon Go simplifies the complex rules of the traditional Pokémon series and instead emphasizes exploring your real life surroundings. As you wander around, you'll find various Pokémon in the world, tap on them, and then use the simple touch interface to throw a poké ball at them—if you toss it right (and if you manage to stay connected to the server) you'll add them to your collection. Pokémon Go can also use your phone's camera to display all of this with rudimentary (but still sometimes impressive) augmented reality. As I walked along the street, I was really hoping to catch this little Doduo...
Unfortunately, the game crashed. My entire first day with Pokémon Go was dominated by technical issues: The game locks up, struggles to connect (or stay connected) to the servers, its GPS fails to update accurately, items vanish or fail to work as they should, and it crashes again and again. It's a mess.
Worse, Pokémon Go just might not be that good even without the technical problems. As in Ingress, Niantic's previous GPS-driven game, Pokémon Go uses local landmarks like murals, churches, and monuments as in-game destinations. Some of these destinations give you items (more poké balls, healing items for your Pokémon, etc.) and others are gyms where you can do asynchronous battle with rival players. Every player aligns themselves to one of three teams, each trying to take over the other's gyms while building up the defenses of their own. Though the early game is mostly about walking around, stumbling into new Pokémon, and building up your collection, it seems like the long-term focus of Pokémon Go will be these gym battles.
The bad news is that those battles are pretty disappointing. Imagine a really imprecise version of Punch-Out!! or Infinity Blade. You swipe left and right to dodge incoming attacks, tap to fire off your own, and hold down on the screen to launch a special attack once you've charged it up. Pokémon Go does include the familiar elemental resistance system, but all the fights I've been in so far haven't benefited from it. It never feels like more than wild gesturing and hoping that the commands I enter actually send through to the server.
All of this leads to a stuttering rhythm of play that goes against everything that has made Pokémon so great over the years. A good Pokémon game entices you to stay awake in bed just so you can get a taste what the next area holds. You slide effortlessly from one battle to another, trying out new pokémon and formulating strategic plans. Tension peaks at key battles, and then smooths out once you're through it. Pokémon Go doesn't have any of this flow. Instead, it moves in fits and starts that match its choppy interface.
So, you connect and head to one landmark, you wait for it to load in. It fails to load in, but hey, there's a Pidgey! You click on the Pidgey, the game crashes. When you boot it back up, the Pidgey is gone. You start to walk a bit further but in game but you've been locked in place, so you stand around and wait for it to catch up. You're stationary and locked to your phone in a way that makes you look like a tourist in your own neighborhood. There's no flow here, no rhythm to disappear into.
The strangest thing is none of that may matter. Because it's Pokémon and it's communal and every now and then you turn the corner and see a man slouching over a mailbox and there at his feet is an Ekans and you think hah, yea, okay, this works. Because on the way to work this morning, my bus route led me past a Magmar—a weird sort of lava duck pokémon—and when I wasn't quick enough to capture it, I felt a sharp sense of loss. Because I've been thinking about making a trip to the river tomorrow, just so I can maybe find some more water-type pokémon.
It isn't just me, either. So many people have started conversations with me about Pokémon Go today. People who don't game even—coworkers, old friends, lapsed Pokémon fans who have suddenly remembered this thing they once loved, and love the novelty of seeing it drip into our world again.
On my way home last night, after the heat had broken, I saw Pokémon fans crossing the streets, heads down, illuminated and consumed by the game's glow. I saw one guy sitting on the subway launching the game over and over—I'd guess it was crashing on him, too. I saw a group of four kids gathered around the darkened entrance of an old karaoke place that had been designated as a gym. They were grinning and shouting and joking. One of them had been left behind as the others moved on—more connection trouble most likely but he was committed to standing in place and staring at his phone. It was when they finally all circled back around, phones in hand, that I knew they were all playing.
I approached them coyly—they were total strangers—but I barely got a word out.
"Are you play-"
"Yeah, haha, yeah." Huge grins.
They'd never played a game like this, they told me. They liked that they got to hang out together and go to weird places. They liked that it was Pokémon. Suddenly, I didn't really mind the crashes or the poor progression mechanics or the lackluster battles. Suddenly, I wanted to call my friends up and go for a walk.
I wanted to bury those guys in questions, but they were anxious to keep moving—there were more Pokémon gyms to hit and it was getting late. But before they left, they did tell me that the technical problems that were vexing me and so many others didn't bother them at all. The servers being broken must just mean that lots of people were enjoying the game, they said, and that meant that Niantic and the Pokémon Company would turn this very basic game into something special.
Given the way this thing has launched, I'm a little skeptical. But I hope they're right.
Follow Austin Walker on Twitter.
It's been over 50 years since Marvel effectively began the Silver Age of comics, and while the company has had its ups and downs, their output cannot be denied: Spider-Man, X-Men, Fantastic Four, the Avengers — their contributions to pop culture have been enormous. But not every comic Marvel published was a masterpiece — in fact, some aren't even good. And some are so bad that Marvel would like to pretend never existed at all. Here are 10 of them.
Advertisement
1) U.S. #1
It only took five years after the success of the cross-country truckin' movie Smokey and the Bandit for Marvel to capitalize on the hit movie by introducing Ulysses S. Archer to the Marvel universe. I assume most of that time was spent trying to figure out a way to seamlessly add a super-powered truck driver alongside Spider-Man and Captain America, until they just said "fuck it" and gave him a metal head that picked up C.B. radio waves. Oh, and his brother was an evil trucker who called himself the Highwayman, was given powers by aliens, and ended up crashing his truck into the moon. Here's how fondly Marvel loves U.S. #1: The Highwayman actually made an appearance in Ghost Rider a few years ago, while the comic's title character doesn't even have an official bio page.
Advertisement
2) Avataars: Covenant of the Shield
The Shaper of Worlds, the Living Tribunal, and a few other Marvel divinities were bored one day when they decided to basically play Dungeons & Dragons. Rather than pull out a bag of d20s, they created Eurth, a fantasy version of Marvel Earth, where Captain Avalon and the Champions of the Realm (a.k.a. the Avengers) ran around fighting bad medieval guys. This is the sort of ridiculous idea that can either be great or terrible; since Avataars was planned to be a 12-issue series and petered out at three, I assume you know how it ended up. It didn't help that when Marvel published it in 2000, it was already preposterously broke. They shouldn't have spent all that money putting an extra "A" in "Avatars."
Advertisement
3) Onyx: Fight
Was there any musical group more popular in the '90s than Onyx? Yes. There were many of them, actually. And yet Marvel chose to draw a comic about the post-apocalyptic adventures of rappers Sticky Fingaz, Fredro Starr and Sonsee as they fight aliens and bad guys in the ruins of New York City, hang with "The Gurlz," and rap, amidst a bevy of ebonics-laden narration boxes. Against all odds, somehow Onyx's fight lasted only a single issue.
Advertisement
4) Trouble
This 2005 comic is so aptly named it's almost unfair. Marvel tried to do two things with Trouble: 1) bring back romance comics, which hadn't been popular since the '50s, and 2) re-jigger Spider-Man's origin for… for some reason, I guess. They failed on both counts, despite hiring noted romantic and purveyor of beauty Mark Millar as writer. The comic was about Peter Parker's parents, as well as Aunt May and Uncle Ben, as teenagers who fucked a lot. Despite completely cornering the "people who want to read about Aunt May having sex" market, the comic ended after five issues.
Advertisement
5) Daydreamers
More like "Feverdreamers." That's the only way anyone would think to team up Reed and Sue's super-mutant son Franklin Richards, Howard the Duck, Artie the mutant that talks in images, and Man-Thing together. The comic took place after Onslaught basically killed most of Marvel's heroes, including Franklin's parents; then he was sent to Xavier's School for gifted children, met up with this motley crew, and basically ended up in a virtual reality created by Franklin's mind (power-wise, Franklin makes Phoenix look like U.S. #1), full of terrible, Marvel-esque parodies or The Wizard of Oz, Dr. Seuss, and more. It's all an attempt by Franklin's head to accept his parents' death, personified by a "Dark Hunter" that keeps trying to kill everybody. Marvel thought they had a hit on their hands when the Daydreamers came together in Generation X, and gave the scamps their own series, which was immediately canceled after issue #3.
Advertisement
6) NFL Superpro
Man, Marvel must have thought they'd hit a goldmine in 1991 when they teamed up with the NFL to collaborate on a new football-themed superhero. Kids loved superheroes. Tons of people loved pro football. How could NFL Superpro not be a success? Because people who like football generally don't give a shit about comics, and vice versa, I suppose. It didn't help that writer Fabian Nicieza didn't give a shit about the series either, fully admitting later that he created the series solely to score free football tickets. Hilariously, the comics market in 1991 was still so ridiculously strong that NFL Superpro made it 12 full issues before he was sacked, never to return.
Advertisement
7) Marville
In 2002, Peter David and Bill Jemas had a bet to see which of their series was more popular — David's Captain Marvel series, or Jemas' comic industry parody series Marville. Eventually, new president Joe Quesada got in on the action, championing new writer Ron Zimmerman's Ultimate Adventures, but more on that in a sec. Marvel put it to the fans with their "U-Decide" campaign, which left the choice of which comic would survive in their hands. I assume they thought the fans would vote for which comic would stay, but the fans actually decided to take out the middleman and simply refused to buy Marville. Trying to summarize Marville is trying to summarize shooting heroin directly into your adrenal gland; suffice it to say it starred Kal-AOL Turner, son of media mogul Ted, Rush Limbaugh, some odd thoughts on religion, Greg Horn's preposterously terrible cheesecake covers (none worse than the one at the top of the page), and, most inexplicably, the submissions guide to Marvel's former creator-owned label, Epic. It is also about 500% less interesting than I'm making it sound.
Advertisement
8) Ultimate Adventures
The sole Ultimate comic series that was not a reimagining of regular Marvel characters, Ultimate Adventures was the brainchild of Howard Stern writer Ron Zimmerman, who took the chance to write about a Batman and Robin parody, where Batman was even more psychotic than usual and Robin was unbearably obnoxious. It's not the world's most clever idea, but it could be good if handled correctly; Zimmerman didn't, taking almost a year and a half to release six issues of the mediocre comedy. Given that Zimmerman may have already been the most hated man in comics at that point for his unpopular Spider-Man story about Kraven the Hunter's son being a Hollywood big-shot and his willingness to argue with fans on the internet, Quesada's championing of Zimmerman was basically just a huge fiasco for him during his early days as EiC.
Advertisement
9) The Swimsuit Issues
I don't know for sure that Marvel is ashamed of the four different "swimsuit issues" they published in the '90s, but I feel they should be. I know drawing Jean Grey, She-Hulk, Storm and the rest of Marvel's superheroines in tiny swimsuits and even more physically impossible sexy poses that they're normally put in made them some serious bank, but at what cost to their souls? I assume someone there knew it was sketchy, because 1) they stopped making them in 1995, and 2) they've never collected them. About the best thing you could say about them was that the male superheroes also wore equally tiny, revealing, ridiculous swimsuits. But if Marvel doesn't feel ashamed of the swimsuits issues in general, then they still definitely need to be ashamed of the picture above.
Advertisement
10) Billy Ray Cyrus
In the '90s, Marvel experimented with publishing comics of popular musicians with their Marvel Music imprint. Most with reasonably biographical, and then some were more out there, like the aforementioned Onyx: Fight. But nothing was more ridiculous than the 48-page masterpiece of madness simply titled Billy Ray Cyrus, which featured the country music star and future terrible father traveling through time to fight ghosts, dragons, and evil knights, with nothing but the greatest mullet that has ever been featured in the comics medium. I assume Marvel is less than enthused to have written a comic where a country music star meets Merlin and drags a random couple into basically doing a frontier life LARP with him, but frankly, this comic should be celebrated for the mullet's sake, if nothing else.
Behind the scenes of the Royal NZ Police College cafeteria
It's not just an army that marches on it's stomach if the Royal Police College kitchen is anything to go by.
For would-be cops at the Porirua campus, it's a hungry job, and it's up to the kitchen staff to serve then breakfast, lunch and dinner.
But when you go behind the scenes, there's not a pie to be seen, with healthy fare the order of the day.
MAARTEN HOLL/FAIRFAX NZ Police recruit Bradley Parkes loves the food he gets served up.
Recruits at the college spend 16 weeks living on campus, and there are up to seven intakes of between 40 and 80 recruits a year
READ MORE:
* Top cop looking forward to new roles
* Olympian joins police force
* Former All Black now a cop
* CuriousCity: Remembering the old chain gang
* CuriousCity: Fatbergs, stenchy sewers and thousands of litres of poo
* CuriousCity: What happens when a building is strengthened?
* CuriousCity: What really happens inside the halls of Parliament?
* CuriousCity: Wellington's wind turbines spin power to the city
* CuriousCity: Where Wellington stores its water
And they need to be fed.
Three times a day, up to 450 staff, cops and recruits form a thin blue line and file into the mess hall to fuel up for their crime fighting, studying and physical training.
On Thursday the force fed on open sandwiches with a choice of pulled pork and vietnamese beef, and asian noodle soup. A salad bar offered three cold meats, four salad choices and fresh fruit.
The healthy fare is a far cry from the pies, hot dogs and chips that used to be dished up when kitchen manager Angela Wong first worked at the college.
"When I started here 27 years ago the recruit's palate was limited to meat and veges for both lunch and dinner and they always had pudding.
"There's been a dramatic change in our food because our recruits are a lot more ethnically diverse and the food has to reflect that."
Now all food was halal certified and the most popular items were butter chicken and pulled pork, she said.
"The beef rendang is the least popular because it's too spicy for some and too bland for others."
The day starts at 6am for the kitchen staff who work in three shifts and a "monster machine" does the dishes so the recruits don't have to.
"They still have to bring their plates up when they've finished though."
With 40 loaves of bread and 200 litres of milk used daily, planning is key when it comes to ordering food, Wong said.
"The whole operation is organised because it's so huge but it's a well oiled machine ... as long as the lunch lines flows smoothly it goes well."
Police staff and recruits out on the beat don't miss out on their meals.
"If they're out on road policing or at stations we make picnic lunches and snack packs for them to take."
Sandra McGill started cooking for the college three years ago and said she's perfected her welcome speech to new recruits.
"I tell them we're famous for our food so you have to be careful, some people come and put on 20 kilos."
Even in the short time she's worked at the college the food has become healthier with pudding even falling in popularity, she said.
"We used to have dessert every night but now its fruit every second night and we don't have "Wedges Wednesday" anymore."
Detective Inspector Craig Scott said the food was much healthier now than when he was a recruit in the 1980's.
"I think I put on 8kgs in five months when I trained here," Scott said.
"It's a lot healthier now, I used to dread Fridays, it was a smorgasbord with fish bites, chips and cut up sausages. Now I always like the pork, the pulled pork."
Ask away
Have we piqued your CuriousCity? Have you ever wondered how something in the Wellington region works? Email your question to news@dompost.co.nz with 'CuriousCity' in the subject line.
The Supreme Court will consider whether police must have a warrant to track your movements by using cellphone records. (AP Photo)
The cellphones we carry with us constantly are the most perfect surveillance device ever invented, and our laws haven't caught up to that reality. That might change soon.
This week, the Supreme Court will hear a case with profound implications on your security and privacy in the coming years. The Fourth Amendment's prohibition of unlawful search and seizure is a vital right that protects us all from police overreach, and the way the courts interpret it is increasingly nonsensical in our computerized and networked world. The Supreme Court can either update current law to reflect the world, or it can further solidify an unnecessary and dangerous police power.
The case centers on cellphone location data and whether the police need a warrant to get it, or if they can use a simple subpoena, which is easier to obtain. Current Fourth Amendment doctrine holds that you lose all privacy protections over any data you willingly share with a third party. Your cellular provider, under this interpretation, is a third party with whom you've willingly shared your movements, 24 hours a day, going back months — even though you don't really have any choice about whether to share with them. So police can request records of where you've been from cell carriers without any judicial oversight. The case before the court, Carpenter v. United States, could change that.
Traditionally, information that was most precious to us was physically close to us. It was on our bodies, in our homes and offices, in our cars. Because of that, the courts gave that information extra protections. Information that we stored far away from us, or gave to other people, afforded fewer protections. Police searches have been governed by the “third-party doctrine,” which explicitly says that information we share with others is not considered private.
[How to keep your private conversations private for real]
The Internet has turned that thinking upside-down. Our cellphones know who we talk to and, if we're talking via text or email, what we say. They track our location constantly, so they know where we live and work. Because they're the first and last thing we check every day, they know when we go to sleep and when we wake up. Because everyone has one, they know whom we sleep with. And because of how those phones work, all that information is naturally shared with third parties.
More generally, all our data is literally stored on computers belonging to other people. It's our email, text messages, photos, Google Docs, and more — all in the cloud. We store it there not because it's unimportant, but precisely because it is important. And as the Internet of Things computerizes the rest our lives, even more data will be collected by other people: data from our health trackers and medical devices, data from our home sensors and appliances, data from Internet-connected “listeners” like Alexa, Siri and your voice-activated television.
All this data will be collected and saved by third parties, sometimes for years. The result is a detailed dossier of your activities more complete than any private investigator — or police officer — could possibly collect by following you around.
The issue here is not whether the police should be allowed to use that data to help solve crimes. Of course they should. The issue is whether that information should be protected by the warrant process that requires the police to have probable cause to investigate you and get approval by a court.
[Your iPhone just got less secure. Blame the FBI.]
Warrants are a security mechanism. They prevent the police from abusing their authority to investigate someone they have no reason to suspect of a crime. They prevent the police from going on “fishing expeditions.” They protect our rights and liberties, even as we willingly give up our privacy to the legitimate needs of law enforcement.
The third-party doctrine never made a lot of sense. Just because I share an intimate secret with my spouse, friend or doctor doesn't mean that I no longer consider it private. It makes even less sense in today's hyper-connected world. It's long past time the Supreme Court recognized that a months'-long history of my movements is private, and my emails and other personal data deserve the same protections, whether they're on my laptop or on Google's servers.
Read more:
Your WiFi-connected thermostat can take down the whole Internet. We need new regulations.
Hackers don't want to crash stock exchanges. They want to make money off them.
Here are two grown men fighting over a parking spot in the Upper East Side.
The video, uploaded to YouTube Wednesday by Daniel Ovechkin, shows the two men flailing fists at each other over a tiny plot of asphalt on 88th Street between Lexington and 3rd.
When the altercation ends, the men get back into their (matching?) cars. The man in the front car drives forward in order to back up into the coveted space-- recently vacated by a yellow cab-- but before he can practice his parallel parking, the man behind him drives forward, blocking him.
And because the men are blocking traffic, the frustrated driver of a red Porsche honks his horn for about 15 consecutive seconds, escalating the idiotic incident to new levels of awfulness.
Davis is going to run it all the way back! Auburn's going to win the football game! Auburn's going to win the football game! He ran the missed field goal back! He ran it back 109 yards! They're not going to keep them off the field tonight! Holy cow! – Rod Bramblett, voice of Auburn football
There's enough energy in that 2013 radio call to power the town of Opelika, Ala., for a decade. It's a scene Auburn fans will remember for the rest of their lives and something they can replay – on YouTube, on video, in their heads – for a jolt of instant elation.
Chris Davis, however, has put it on mute.
It was Davis who, with a second remaining against No. 1-ranked Alabama and the game tied at 28, caught the Crimson Tide's 56-yard field-goal attempt nine yards deep in his own end zone and, 20 seconds later, was mobbed by teammates in the opposite end zone. Auburn 34, Alabama 28. Game over.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
“An answered prayer!” according to CBS' Verne Lundquist that day. The play has been dubbed, “The Iron Bowl Miracle.”
And it's old news, according to Davis.
Now a cornerback in the NFL, he is desperate for new headlines, beginning with: Davis makes 49ers' final roster.
“I try to walk away past that,” Davis, a native of Birmingham, Ala., said. “Even though it's going to be hard, I'm trying to leave a stamp on the NFL, make a name for myself in this league. And I've got to leave that in the past to do so.”
Davis was the 49ers' top nickel cornerback in their first two preseason games, finishing with three deflected passes – one on fourth down – four tackles and a heap of praise from his coaches. He's likely to be in the middle of the action Friday against a Green Bay Packers defense that tends to use three or more receivers.
The 49ers' roster is teeming with young cornerbacks.
They've drafted seven, including starter Jimmie Ward, in the past three years. Which is why it was a mild surprise this spring when Davis got a chance to play nickel cornerback with the first-string defense.
Despite his collegiate heroics and the fact that he played against a collection of future NFL receivers in the Southeastern Conference, Davis went undrafted in 2014. It was a jolt to Davis, and he doesn't let anyone forget the snub.
“I'll never watch the draft again,” he said. “That hurt me. That hurt my family.”
The Chargers signed him as a free agent after the draft, and he ended up appearing in 12 games – with some snaps as a nickel back – as a rookie. San Diego cut him in September last year and the 49ers grabbed him two months later.
When 49ers defensive backs coach Jeff Hafley was hired in the winter, he went over the scant plays – there were about 10 clips – of Davis at nickel back for the Chargers. He saw someone who at 5-foot-10 and 203 pounds didn't have the height or long arms preferable for a cornerback. But Davis showed quick feet, used his hands well, and most of all, played with pugnacity.
“He does play with a chip on his shoulder, which you love as a coach,” Hafley said.
Nickel cornerbacks not only cover shifty receivers out of the slot. Because they line up so close to the trenches, they have to make tackles on running backs and occasionally blitz the passer.
“It jumped out on the tape that he had the ability,” Hafley said. “There weren't enough plays to make a great decision. But in my mind I said, ‘The kid's got a chance.' ”
The 49ers have experimented with all sorts of nickel-defense variations this offseason. Safety Eric Reid sometimes steps into the nickel role, which allows another high draft pick, safety Jaquiski Tartt, to be on the field. Ward, who played nickel cornerback the past two years, also has slid into his old spot on obvious passing downs this summer, which sends a different outside cornerback – Keith Reaser or Dontae Johnson – into the game.
Or perhaps coaches will decide that Davis' preseason play-making ability will carry over into the regular season and that the prominent role will go to him.
Davis craves the new identity.
He noted that his face was hidden behind a helmet and facemask at Auburn for four years, and because of that he isn't often recognized when he's back in Alabama. But when people do realize who he is, the excitement – and selfie requests – explode.
At the end of a public practice at Denver last week, a group wearing Auburn jerseys were among the crowd of fans collecting autographs from the players filing off the field. Davis already was signing his name when it dawned on them the Iron Bowl hero was in their midst.
“She had to ask me, ‘Was I Chris Davis?' ” he said. “She didn't know.”
Mumbai and Delhi were ranked the 16th and 18th unsafest in a list of 60 top cities of the world released by The Economist earlier in October. The two Indian cities also figure in the bottom 11 in health security and infrastructure safety.
The study uses 49 indicators to rank 60 cities under four categories: digital security, health security, personal security and infrastructure safety. This was the second edition of the Safe Cities Index, which was first released in 2015 by The Economist Intelligence Unit. Ten new cities were added to the 2017 index.
Mumbai and Delhi's best standing was in personal security, in which they rank 30th and 33th.
Digital Security: Tokyo, Singapore and Chicago were listed the safest cities. Jakarta, Manila and Dhaka were at the bottom of the list. Mumbai and Delhi had the joint 46th rank.
Tokyo, Singapore and Chicago were listed the safest cities. Jakarta, Manila and Dhaka were at the bottom of the list. Mumbai and Delhi had the joint 46th rank. Health Security: Osaka, Tokyo and Frankfurt topped the list, while Yangon, Dhaka and Karachi took up the bottom three ranks. Delhi came in 50th and Mumbai 55th.
Osaka, Tokyo and Frankfurt topped the list, while Yangon, Dhaka and Karachi took up the bottom three ranks. Delhi came in 50th and Mumbai 55th. Personal Security: Singapore, Wellington and Osaka were the safest cities in terms of personal security. Karachi, Caracas and Ho Chi Minh City were ranked the worst in this category. Mumbai and Delhi were at the 30th and 33rd positions.
Singapore, Wellington and Osaka were the safest cities in terms of personal security. Karachi, Caracas and Ho Chi Minh City were ranked the worst in this category. Mumbai and Delhi were at the 30th and 33rd positions. Infrastructure Security: Singapore, Madrid and Barcelona had the top three positions, and Dhaka, Karachi and Yangon the last three. Mumbai and Delhi were 51st and 52nd.
Singapore, Madrid and Barcelona had the top three positions, and Dhaka, Karachi and Yangon the last three. Mumbai and Delhi were 51st and 52nd. Overall standings: Asian cities Tokyo, Singapore and Osaka were adjudged the safest cities, same as in 2015. Karachi was at the bottom of the list, followed by Yangon and Dhaka. Delhi was the 43rd safest city, and Mumbai, the 45th.
The study urged local governments to invest in cybersecurity commensurately, if they want to adopt smart cities with digital technologies. “If hackers were to shut down the power supply, an entire city would be left in chaos,” it said. “This prospect is something city officials now need to plan against.”
The study also observed that security was not necessarily linked with income. “Most of the cities in the top 10 of the index are high-income or upper middle-income cities,” it said. “However, two high-income cities in the Middle East [Jeddah and Riyadh] fall below position 40 in the index.”
The Diamondbacks will non-tender starter Daniel Hudson, tweets Ben Nicholson-Smith of Sportsnet.ca. Though the sides had attempted to work out a deal to keep Hudson in Arizona, he will hit the open market.
Hudson likely would not have been a non-tender candidate were it not for his injury struggles. The righty is working back from his second Tommy John surgery at 26 years of age, but was projected to earn a $1.1MM salary through arbitration due to his strong early-career performance. Though he had an ugly 7.35 ERA in 2012, that came over just nine starts; in the prior year, his only full season of MLB work, he posted a 3.49 ERA in 222 innings.
As Nicholson-Smith notes, however, there is still reason to believe that the sides can come together. Indeed, both Hudson and the Diamondbacks have indicated a strong interest in a reunion, though he figures to garner some interest from clubs who would like to take a chance on his upside.
Medical science says women don't need an annual Pap test. Less-frequent screening for cervical cancer - every three or even five years in some cases - is adequate to keep track of changes, major medical groups have said. But that doesn't mean that women should take a three-year vacation from their gynecologist, doctors warn.
Medical science says women don�t need an annual Pap test.
Less-frequent screening for cervical cancer � every three or even five years in some cases � is adequate to keep track of changes, major medical groups have said.
But that doesn�t mean that women should take a three-year vacation from their gynecologist, doctors warn. And they worry about lapses in other care because many women so closely associate their annual appointment with the Pap smear.
The annual Pap has been falling out of favor for a while.
In 2009, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said women don�t need their first Pap until age 21 and after that should be screened every other year until age 30, when tests can be done every three years for those who�ve had no problem.
In March, several other medical groups, including the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force and American Cancer Society, came out with recommendations further reducing the frequency.
The Cancer Society said that every three years is fine for young women and that women 30 to 65 years old can go five years if they had both a Pap test and a test for HPV, the sexually transmitted virus that causes cervical cancer.Women at high risk should be screened more often, the recommendations say.
HPV is common in young women. The medical organizations� updated recommendations stem from concerns that too many women were going through stressful, uncomfortable and useless procedures. In almost all cases, HPV clears the body on its own.
If the virus does stick around and cause cervical abnormalities (called dysplasia), it takes a long time for those abnormalities to turn into cancer, said Dr. Cherie Richey of Columbus Women�s Care, a Mount Carmel practice.
Richey said that she supports the changes in recommendations and that there�s good medical evidence to back them up.
�From the standpoint of cancer screening, it makes perfect sense,� she said.
The problem, logistically, is that women might not think they need to see their doctors if they�r e not going in for a Pap test, Richey said, and that could be detrimental to their health. Pelvic and breast exams can uncover abnormalities, and the patient and doctor can discuss any lingering concerns about sexual health and other matters, including weight and blood pressure.
Dr. Kelly Tyler of Midtown Obstetrics and Gynecology on E. Town Street said that, for now, she will stick with the 2009 American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists� recommendations and anticipates that the group will come out with an update soon to reflect the newer advice from other groups.
Tyler said patients get much more out of their annual visit than cervical-cancer screening and a reproductive-health checkup.
�We address issues such as, �Are you taking your calcium? Are you exercising?�??�
Dr. Melissa Goist, who practices at Ohio State University�s Wexner Medical Center, said many women will still need to make an annual appointment to discuss their birth control and get prescription refills. And the only way to detect ovarian and uterine problems early is to feel the organs during the pelvic exam, she said.
Goist also supports the reduced frequency of Pap tests because of the likelihood of false-positive results and subsequent useless interventions.
�We�re really trying to not over-treat,� she said.
If a woman does notice problems between exams, such as pain during intercourse or unusual bleeding, it is important that she tell her doctor, Goist said. �Women who usually die of cervical cancer are women who�ve never had a Pap smear or have gone over a decade without evaluation.�
Despite the new recommendations, some doctors and nurse practitioners continue to recommend an annual Pap test.
�It takes some physicians longer to adopt recommendations than it does others. Some fall into this pattern where they�ve been doing something for so long, they may be hesitant to change their practice,� Tyler said.
Insurers still pay for annual Paps, but that is likely to change with the changing medical guidelines, she said.
mcrane@dispatch.com@MistiCrane
A university hockey player from B.C. died at the hands of a man distraught after the recent breakup of his relationship with a woman who played basketball at the same university in New York state, police said Monday.
Matthew Hutchinson, 24, was stabbed to death along with 21-year-old Kelsey Annese at a residence in Geneseo, N.Y., in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Hutchinson, from North Vancouver, was a student at the State University of New York (SUNY) in Geneseo, and also a volunteer firefighter.
Colin Kingston, 24, a former student from Geneseo, was the third person found dead Sunday. He and Annese, captain of the women's basketball team at SUNY, had recently broken up after a three-year relationship, police said Monday.
Kingston allegedly stabbed the two victims with "a large knife" believed to have been purchased at a retail store in the area, before killing himself with the same weapon, police said.
Kingston's father alerted police to the situation in a 911 call at 6:21 a.m. ET, telling the operator that he had received a phone call from his son telling him he had harmed Annese and was considering killing himself.
Police said that Kingston had admitted having suicidal thoughts following his recent breakup, but no one they interviewed had heard him talk of threatening violence.
He was last seen around 8 p.m. or 9 p.m. Saturday night.
Jeffrey Szczesniak, the public information officer for the Geneseo Police Department, said Monday that the attack took place in Annese's bedroom, and there was a possibility the victims were asleep at the time.
There was no sign of a struggle, he said.
Annese's apartment was at the top of a large rental house. There was no sign of forced entry to the building, police said.
None of those involved had a police record.
Intel unveiled a completely new processor design today the company is dubbing the "Single-chip Cloud Computer" (but was previously codenamed Bangalore). Justin Rattner, the company's CTO, discussed the new product at a press event in Santa Clara and revealed some interesting information about the goals and design of the new CPU.
First, many of you will likely remember the original "Tera-scale" project that we reported on back in 2006 - at the time it included 80 cores on a single processor but was really just a technology showcase and a proof of concept.
That project and today's differ on quite a few levels. First, the "SCC" is much closer to a realized product as Intel has started looking into markets that will benefit from this type of computing power. Also, the architecture and design of the cores on the SCC are fully functional x86 IA cores where as on the original 80-core test chip we were simply looking at floating point processors.
The new SCC has also been tweaked for efficiency and can run with as little power as 25 watts!
The new SCC benefits from a move to 45nm technology that decreases the die size, improves performance and decreases power requirements. Intel lists the power consumption as ranging from 25w to 125w and we assume they refer to a fully loaded CPU with that higher rating.
The 48 cores are arranged in 24 "tiles" - what you can think of as 24 separate dual-core processors. These tiles are then connected via a 2D mesh network that can support up to 256 GB/s of bandwidth! There are four integrated DDR3 memory controllers (though no mention of how many channels each controller is) that can house as much as 64GB of total memory.
Things get interesting here - Intel is saying that they have removed hardware cache coherency which effectively means each "tile" will be completely separate in what it stores in local L2 cache. All cache communication between cores and tiles will thus be handled by the mesh data communication system and the dedicated "message buffer" on each tile.
Power efficiency is very important when it comes to server environments so Intel has made some impressive steps there. Each processor will have 8 different voltage "islands" and 28 different frequency "islands" - this means that each tile can run at its own frequency while each collection of four tiles will run at a different voltage. This should potentially allow the CPU power consumption to scale with compute very well.
The processor die itself measures at 567 mm^2 - compare that to the newest Intel Lynnfield parts that measure 296 mm^2! This is a massive part to be certain but you would expect as much with 48 even basic x86 IA cores.
What uses could Intel find for a processor like this? Intel points to segments like financial analytics, physics modeling, HPC parallel workloads, complex web searching and more. Here are a few quotes from potential SCC users:
"We're very excited about Intel's Single-chip Cloud Computer. In the Barrelfish project we are designing OS architectures for future multicore and manycore systems. The chip's memory system and message passing support are a great fit for us, and it's an ideal vehicle for us to test and validate our ideas." – Prof. Timothy Roscoe, ETH Zurich
"The Single-chip Cloud Computer is an exciting platform for datacenter research because the combination of fine-grained voltage and frequency control, together with the ability to shut off entire zones of the processor, means that we can accurately investigate the balance between computation, memory, and I/O. The chip's massive parallelism gives us the ability to investigate, today, the degree of parallelism that will be needed from applications five years down the line to make the best use of emerging many-core platforms." – David Andersen, assistant professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University
"The upcoming Single-chip Cloud Computer is of great interested to application developers and tools researchers. The availability of the hardware will greatly accelerate our development of applications and tools for massively parallel computing platforms." – Prof. Wen-Mei Hwu, University of Illinois, UPCRC@Illinois co-director
"Microsoft is partnering with Intel to explore new hardware and software architectures supporting next-generation client plus cloud applications," said Dan Reed, Microsoft's corporate vice president of Extreme Computing. "Our early research with the single chip cloud computer prototype has already identified many opportunities in intelligent resource management, system software design, programming models and tools, and future application scenarios."
(CNN) -- Authorities have officially dropped all charges against an American who tried to snatch back his children from his ex-wife in Japan, the Fukuoka prosecutor's office said Thursday.
Charges had been technically "on hold" since Christopher Savoie was released from jail in October, though legal experts had said the move essentially meant the charges had already been dropped.
The prosecutor's office said at the time that Savoie was released after he promised not to take his children back to the United States "in this manner."
It was not clear whether he had a chance to see his children after his release.
Savoie, 38, a Tennessee native and naturalized Japanese citizen, allegedly abducted his children -- 8-year-old Isaac and 6-year-old Rebecca -- as his ex-wife walked them to school on September 28 in Yanagawa.
With the children, Savoie headed for the nearest U.S. consulate in Fukuoka to try to obtain passports for them. Screaming at guards to let him in the compound, Savoie was steps from the front gate but still standing on Japanese soil when he was arrested.
Savoie and his first wife, Noriko Savoie, were married for 14 years before a bitter divorce in January. The couple had lived in Japan, but moved to the United States before the divorce.
Noriko Savoie received custody of the children and agreed to remain in the United States. Christopher Savoie had visitation rights.
On the day that the children were to start school in August, Savoie learned that his ex-wife had fled with them to Japan.
Savoie later filed for and received full custody of the children, and police in Franklin, Tennessee, issued an arrest warrant for his ex-wife.
But Japan is not a party to the 1980 Hague convention on international child abduction -- though the government has expressed interest in reconsidering -- so the warrant was not recognized by Tokyo.
Japanese law follows a tradition of sole-custody divorces. When a couple splits, one parent typically makes a complete and lifelong break from the children.
Complicating the matter is the fact that the couple is still considered married in Japan, because they never divorced there, police said. The children also hold Japanese passports, Japanese authorities have said.
Foreign parents have had little luck in regaining custody, the U.S. State Department said.
Savoie's current wife, Amy, said in October that her family has been ripped apart.
"Isaac and Rebecca had a very, very happy situation here in Tennessee," she said. "They have people who love them here."
She said she did not think the parties could work out an agreeable arrangement regarding the children.
"There are two parents who love these children and one of them has just been -- just cast aside."
CNN's Kyung Lah contributed to this report.
MOUNT HOLLY -- Former NFL wide receiver Irving Fryar and his 74-year-old mother were convicted Friday of conspiring to defraud financial institutions out of more than $1.2 million, following a three-week trial in Burlington County Superior Court.
Fryar, whose 16-year football career included a stint with the Philadelphia Eagles, and his mother Allene McGhee were found guilty by a jury on second-degree charges of conspiracy and theft by deception in connection with a series of six home equity loans McGhee took out on her Willingboro home.
RELATED: Conspiracy trial of former Eagle, mother continues with star witness, report says
Fryar, 52 of Springfield Township, and McGhee pulled off the "sophisticated" scheme in 2009, according to acting Attorney General John J. Hoffman.
"This verdict ensures that Mr. Fryar and his mother will face substantial prison time," Hoffman said in a statement. "Fryar had an illustrious career in professional football and became the pastor of a church, but those things don't mitigate the fact that he and his mother engaged in an elaborate criminal scheme to defraud seven banks of more than one million dollars."
McGhee applied for five of the loans totaling $840,000 within a six-day period to ensure each bank was unaware of the existence of other home equity loans on the property.
McGhee also took out a $414,000 mortgage loan on Fryar's Springfield home, which is also owned in McGhee's name. Fryar spent or received more than $200,000 of the loaned funds, authorities said.
The attorneys for Fryar and McGee argued they were victims of a conniving financial broker who ran the scheme.
Fryar and McGee were also convicted of falsifying wage and employment information on the loan applications, which stated McGhee earned a high salary as an employee for the Mount Holly church Fryar founded and ran, the New Jerusalem House of God.
Both are scheduled for sentencing on Oct. 2, and face five to 10 years in state prison, in addition to a fine of up to $150,000.
Michelle Caffrey may be reached at mcaffrey@njadvancemedia.com . Follow her on Twitter @ShellyCaffrey . Find the South Jersey Times on Facebook
Combining Apple‘s forward-thinking design with one of the most iconic automobiles of all time, Volkswagen and Apple have teamed up to create the iBeetle. Exhibited at this year's Shanghai Auto Show over the weekend, the collaborative vehicle comes in a variety of exterior color schemes with premium leather coating the entirety of the interior. Meant to fully tap into the capabilities of a driver's iPhone, the car's dashboard includes a specially-designed docking station along with a unique iPhone application and access to Spotify, Expert, Trainer, Postcard, Photo and Milestones – features that do everything from offering extended dashboard functions to one's phone to allowing users to share route preferences, locations and photos via social media. VW has yet to release pricing and availability information regarding the “iCar,” so stay tuned for additional details.
The lives of artists are a constant source of fascination and the life of Staffordshire born artist of John Currie must rank amongst the highest. Born in 1884 in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Currie's early promise as a painter was cut short by a life marked by the tragedy of loving too hard and too strong.
Currie was educated at Newcastle-under-Lyme and Hanley Schools of Art and at the Royal College of Art. He began his working life as a ceramic artist before moving into teaching in Bristol. Following a stint in Dublin as an art Inspector, Currie made the step to London in 1910.
A member of the Slade Art Group, Currie was part of the group of artists who called themselves the ‘Coster Gang' led by CRW Nevinson, and which included Mark Gertler; both men becoming close friends of Currie. Nevinson described the group as “the terrors of Soho” and the wildness of the group was reflected in their attitude to their art. A lot of works by Currie can be now seen in The Potteries Museum and Art Gallery in Hanley.
Mark Gertler quickly became a particularly close friend. This portrait of Gertler was painted by Currie in 1913:
Where Gertler was ‘pretty', Currie was the more rugged looking of the pair. In this portrait, Currie captures the waif-like appearance of Gertler as seen front and centre in this photograph of the Slade Group picnic of 1912:
The friendship centred around the fact that Currie was no threat to Gertler's relationship with fellow artist, Dora Carrington as Currie was already married with a young child. This did not stop Currie, however, from embarking on a love affair that would end in the ultimate tragedy.
Neo Primitive
By 1911, the ‘Coster Gang' were now calling themselves ‘Neo Primitives' due to their fascination with the Renaissance style. Currie's 1913 painting, ‘Some Later Primitives and Madame Tisceron' is an excellent example of the influence:
Utilising a Italian backdrop and with the use of tempera, Currie portrayed Gertler, Nevinson, Edward Wadsworth, Adrian Allinson and the proprietor of their favourite cafe, the Petit Savoyard Café in Soho in a style that reflected this passion for the Renaissance style.
Other paintings by Currie from this period, began to demonstrate the primitive style that was being championed by Picasso in Paris: elongated figures mask-like expressions and the use of a restricted palette.
This painting, ‘The House' is reminiscent of the cubist style, geometric shapes rising Tina peak in the centre of the canvas creating a beautiful symmetry that draws the eye along the rooftops.
“Flower-like loveliness”
Despite being married, Currie had met and fallen in love with the 17 year old Dorothy ‘Dolly' Henry. Dolly was a clothing model in a department store and, although it is not noted how they met, once they did, the tempestuous nature of their relationship quickly escalated. When Currie's wife discovered the affair, Currie left her and moved in with his siren.
The first painting of Dolly, entitled ‘Head of a Girl' is quite lovely.
The vibrant red of her hair and plump lips give the painting a sensuous quality; she looks out of the canvas with a slight sideways gaze: she is not a demure maiden, but a woman aware of her own sexuality. The tiny jewel in her hairband gives her an exotic quality and her smile is a knowing one. The artist was clearly in love.
The art collector and friend, Michael Sadlier wrote of Dolly that she was “of flower-like loveliness, but lascivious and possessive to the last degree.” The pair moved in together in August 1911, but the relationship was rocky to say the least. Dolly would frequently goad Currie to the brink and then retreat in order to win him back, resulting in violent rows.
“…one must love chaos to give birth to a dancing star.”
In early 1914, the relationship was once again at an end. Friends such as Edward Marsh were starting to to be concerned. Currie had threatened violence in the past and his threats of suicide were rising. Mark Gertler was also becoming concerned and began to talk about ending his friendship with Currie, telling Dora Carrington, “The atmosphere he lives in stifles me”.
At a lecture in Leeds University, Currie's anguish over the end of the affair spilt over. Professor Michael Sadler and Currie spoke late into the night and Currie revealed that he could hardly keep from suicide.
This portrait of Dolly is in stark contrast to the one he painted a year earlier:
Entitled, ‘The Witch', Dolly is far more open in her gaze; her lips have a slight sneer playing on them and she holds her hair loosely in her hand as if it is about to fall, teasing the man she is intently viewing.
The pair were reconciled once again in March, 1914 and Currie decided that living in Brittany might be the answer. All was well at first, but Dolly, always a city girl, became bored and returned once more to England. Currie moved on to Paris and then Cannes, continuing to paint.
But, as it was becoming the norm, Dolly again changed her mind, writing to Currie that she did love him and he returned to join her in Cornwall. Currie had a pure moment of joy and clarity, writing to Marsh, “I've had a long spell of chaos. I think it is Nietzsche, isn't it, who says something about one must love chaos to give birth to a dancing star.”
This idyll was not to last and chaos soon returned. After yet another quarrel in which Currie threatened to throw her off a cliff, Dolly escaped to London.
Tragedy in Chelsea
Inevitably, the parting could not be a simple one and the tragedy that was about to unfold was almost inevitable. Fuelled by rumours that Dolly had posed for pornagraphic photographs and was spreading rumours about him, Currie was losing his reason. He wrote to a friend, saying, “A very fury of remorse and love and sorrow is raging in me… I am looking for a place I can bury my heart and forget.”
But, Currie could not forget. On 8th October, 1914, Currie made his way to Dolly's rooms in Chelsea. A series of shots rang out. On investigation, Dolly was found lying dead and Currie was barely alive. Asked why he had done it, he said, “I loved the girl.”
Taken to hospital, Currie lingered for some hours, seemingly unaware of what he had done. Mark Gertler rushed to his hospital bed, quickly followed by Edward Marsh to be with their friend. His dying words were quite simply: “It was all so ugly.”
POLICE have come under fire for stripping an Occupy Melbourne protester down to her underwear and leaving her crying on the ground.
Disturbing video of the exchange has been posted on YouTube.
The incident happened in the Flagstaff Gardens this morning when police moved in to remove tents being worn by a couple of protesters, the Herald Sun reported.
The footage appears to show a council worker being handed a knife by police to cut the tent from the woman named Sarah, 20, who begins to struggle.
"This is not consensual,'' she says as police work to tear the tent off her body. "Don't take my clothes off."
Sarah later told news.com.au that she was "extremely distressed" but recovering after the incident involving eight police including one female officer.
After a minor scuffle police are filmed walking away with the tent, leaving the distressed woman semi-naked and cowering on the grass.
Occupy Melbourne released a statement this morning condemning police for their behaviour.
"This morning at 8.45am a peaceful Occupy Melbourne Protester was violently stripped of her protest costume and discarded on the ground in her bra and panties," the statement reads.
"The individual in question was part of the Occupy Melbourne protest and was dressed in a protest costume made from a converted tent. The significance of the costume was to highlight restrictions placed on protesters staging a 24/7 protest in Flagstaff Gardens.
"The protester was surrounded by at least four Melbourne City Council officers and eight Victorian police officers.
"Her movement was restricted by the formation of officers surrounding her and she was subsequently restrained as officers proceeded with aggressively removing her costume.
"At each stage she declared that she did not consent or feel comfortable with the actions of the council and police officers, stating that this was a sexual assault.''
"Her requests and declarations were ignored as officers continued to rip and jostle her costume and person. A knife was requested and used by MCC Officers as the Protest Costume was cut from her body.
"The remaining severed costume was violently torn from her body while the protester herself was discarded, semi-naked and crying on the ground as Vic police and MCC officers walked away with the costume.
"NO EFFORT was made to assess her health or well-being after the incident.''
Victoria Police is yet to make a statement over the incident, but it is understood the woman has not made an official complaint.
Occupy does not know if police gave Sarah prior warning. The group hasn't made an official complaint but will be looking into it with their legal team.
With news.com.au
(CNN) -- Sujit Bhattacharya knew he felt sluggish and had trouble putting on his socks and shoes. One day, when he tried on a pair of size 30 shorts, his wife pointed out that they fit only under his belly.
Sujit Bhattacharya says losing weight has improved his frame of mind. He is shown in 2006, left, and 2007. more photos »
Yet Bhattacharya, of Coppell, Texas, never paid attention to his weight problem until his doctor told him he had high cholesterol in summer 2006. His friends also told him that he had become heavy and needed to do something about it.
The feedback was upsetting, he acknowledged, but the combination of his friends' prodding and the cholesterol numbers motivated him to start trimming down his 193-pound frame.
"I needed some tough love: things I didn't want to hear but needed to hear," Bhattacharya said.
He researched how to lose weight extensively on the Internet, including CNN.com's health section. He learned that 3,500 calories add up to one pound of weight and tried to figure out how to eat to decrease his daily caloric intake.
Instead of eating a few large meals every day, he ate six small meals, keeping track of how many calories he consumed. He had been eating more than 2,500 calories a day, perhaps 3,000, so he cut this down to 1,500 calories a day. That meant losing a pound every two or three days.
LOW-CALORIE DAY Here's an example of a typical day in Sujit Bhattacharya's diet:
Morning: glass of low-fat milk with Nestle Quik (150 calories)
Exercise: Lemonade and Gatorade afterward (50 calories)
Late morning: snack of a piece of fruit (75 calories)
Lunch: lean piece of chicken with two vegetables and rice (500 calories)
Late-afternoon: snack of Healthy Choice fudge bars (90 calories)
Dinner: spaghetti with a meatball or two (500 calories)
Night: bowl of cereal like Froot Loops (150 to 200 calories)
TOTAL: 1,515 to 1,565 calories
"As long as you know how many calories you need and how many calories you eat, it's just math," he said.
He also included more fruits and vegetables in his diet and ate fewer fatty meats. For exercise, he changed his routine from three days a week of limited cardio and heavy weights to six days a week with the same heavy weights but increased cardio.
In six months, he lost 40 pounds. Since then, he's put on about 5 pounds of "good" or muscle weight but has otherwise sustained his new physique through diet and exercise.
Today, at age 39, he said he's starting to look more like when he was in high school.
Losing weight has improved Bhattacharya's overall frame of mind, he said. He also noticed that he doesn't get colds or the flu and fights off infections faster than before. iReport.com: Share your success stories
Sometimes Bhattacharya wonders why he didn't start losing weight earlier and can say only that he felt "fat, dumb and happy."
"I didn't understand what I was doing was hurting me," he said.
He actively encourages friends to try his weight loss method. One friend lost 20 pounds following his advice. See more photos of weight loss success stories from iReport.com »
"What I tell friends is: You've got to have a burning platform, something to make you start, a goal or desire," he said. "For me, it was the bad cholesterol test and friends. Someone else may want to fit into a bikini in the summer."
Dietitians say they would encourage others to follow Bhattacharya's example of reducing calories and spreading them more throughout the day instead of eating big meals.
If you try it, make sure you have enough energy, feel good while doing it and eat foods you enjoy so you can stick to it long-term, said Dawn Jackson Blatner, a registered dietitian and spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association.
In fact, Bhattacharya did twice as well as the average person in a weight loss program, Blatner said. He lost 20 percent of his body weight in six months, beating the national average of 10 percent.
Tara Gidus, ADA spokeswoman and team dietitian for the NBA's Orlando Magic, recommends that women never eat fewer than 1,200 calories and men no fewer than 1,500 calories per day.
Health Library MayoClinic.com: Fitness and nutrition
She typically does not recommend cutting out 1,000 calories at a time, "but if someone is really motivated to lose weight and they eat snacks that are filling in between meals, then they can cut a significant number of calories, lose weight and not feel overly hungry," she said.
Blatner said she would also encourage anyone who wants a drastic diet change to consult a doctor.
Bhattacharya emphasizes that anyone can shed unwanted pounds as long as he or she compares the number of calories needed to maintain weight and the number of calories he or she eats.
"I firmly believe it is not hard to lose weight," he said.
All About Weight Loss
By Hafriz Shah / 24 December 2015 9:55 pm / 44 comments
Drive otak udang. Lawan arus. TOll setia alam Posted by Adha Coway on Thursday, December 24, 2015
Bizarre things happen all the time, apparently. Here's a new video being shared on social media platforms showing a Toyota Corolla Altis driving against traffic flow on a Malaysian highway. Posted today, it's said to have happened near the Setia Alam toll plaza.
As oncoming cars tried to avoid the errant Altis, one Toyota Estima on the overtaking lane lost control of the vehicle, skidding off the road. While we sure hope that no one was injured in this incident, it has to be said that this video can serve as yet another proof of how important electronic stability control system is in emergency manoeuvres like this.
Funnily enough, this is not the first (Perodua Viva) or even the second time (Myvi) we've seen this type of lunacy on Malaysian roads. Yet again, the why and what behind this incident is totally beyond us. Did the driver miss an exit, or is it just a silly daredevil move?
Red Bull TLMC Finalists Text by Plexa Red Bull TLMC Finalists
The finalists for the Red Bull TLMC and the maps making up the map pool for the Red Bull Battle Grounds TLMC Qualifier are:
Blitzkrieg by: neobowman Graveside by: eTcetRa Habitation Station by: Sidianthebard Jungle Valley by: Samro225am New Polaris Rhapsody by: Meerel Shrieking Breeze by: Gfire Synapse by: -NegativeZero-
The maps can all be found on Battle.net (all servers) by searching for the tag [TLMC] in the custom games section.
Congratulations to the mappers who had their maps selected (special congratulations to Samro225am who has had a map in the finals for the third time in a row!). The quality of submissions was extremely high and it was a very difficult job selecting this list.
Map Notes
Blitzkrieg
- Spawns are top left and top right.
- Large units (siege tanks, ultralisks, archons and thors) can't pass the shortest path between mains
Graveside
- Spawns are top left and bottom right
- Naturals are in base with a back door blocked by destructible rocks
Habitation Station
- Spawns are top left and top right
Jungle Valley
- Spawns are top left, top right, bottom right, bottom left (all spawns enabled)
- Semi-island map, paths can be opened up once destructible rocks have been cleared
New Polaris Rhapsody
- Spawns are top left and bottom right
- Low ground floods with lava every 5 minutes killing anything remaining there (similar to WoL campaign) (includes creep tumors)
- Warning/countdown for lava rise provided, lava rises halfway up ramps
Shrieking Breeze
- Spawns are top left, top right, bottom right, bottom left (all spawns enabled)
- Map is partitioned into four separate areas which connect through the middle and edges only
- Green geysers are high yield
Synapse
- Spawns are bottom left and top right
- Path through the middle of the map is wide enough for all units
- Green geysers are high yield
The judges were:
- Plexa (TL.net staff)
- monitor (Mapping Community)
- Yoshi Kirishima (TL Strategy)
Unfortunately, goswser was interested in judging but was unable to due to having to cast some last minute events.
- Spawns are top left and top right.- Large units (siege tanks, ultralisks, archons and thors) can't pass the shortest path between mains- Spawns are top left and bottom right- Naturals are in base with a back door blocked by destructible rocks- Spawns are top left and top right- Spawns are top left, top right, bottom right, bottom left (all spawns enabled)- Semi-island map, paths can be opened up once destructible rocks have been cleared- Spawns are top left and bottom right- Low ground floods with lava every 5 minutes killing anything remaining there (similar to WoL campaign) (includes creep tumors)- Warning/countdown for lava rise provided, lava rises halfway up ramps- Spawns are top left, top right, bottom right, bottom left (all spawns enabled)- Map is partitioned into four separate areas which connect through the middle and edges only- Green geysers are high yield- Spawns are bottom left and top right- Path through the middle of the map is wide enough for all units- Green geysers are high yieldThe judges were:- Plexa (TL.net staff)- monitor (Mapping Community)- Yoshi Kirishima (TL Strategy)Unfortunately, goswser was interested in judging but was unable to due to having to cast some last minute events. Registration Information
>>>>>REGISTER HERE<<<<<
This event is a qualifier for Red Bull Battle Grounds: New York City
Summary of information:
Prizes
• 1st: Qualification and trip to Red Bull Battle Grounds
• $500 2nd, $250 3rd/4th Date:
• Day 1: Saturday, Nov 02 3:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00) (up to semifinals)
• Day 2: Sunday, Nov 03 5:30pm GMT (GMT+00:00) (Finals) Eligibility
• All regions except • Quebec
• Must be 18+ years old
• Must not have won another Red Bull Battle Grounds qualifier Format • 512 Man, Single Elimination, Bo3 until Ro4, Bo5 Ro4, Bo7 Finals Map Pool • Red Bull TLMC Finalists (loser picks format) Server • North America Registration • Opens at Friday, Nov 01 3:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
The complete rule set can be found on the tournament page here
Administrator ~ Spirit will set you free ~
neobowman Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Canada 3319 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-02 05:39:38 #2 SUCCESS!
Didn't get White Storm which I really liked but Blitzkrieg is good too.
Edit: I'm curious about the ordering of these 7 in terms of rank, but I doubt that's information you guys are going to release.
Me right now =DDDDDDDDDDDD. I literally growed a dozen more mouths. AKA: DayNife on steam. HMU for things.
Trozz Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Canada 3253 Posts #3 Awesome work, mappers.
There are some handsome maps here.
Nothing too crazy. A build is not a guess, an estimation or a hunch, a feeling, or a foolish intuition. A build is a dependable, unwavering, unarguably accurate, portrayer of your ambition.
feardragon Profile Blog Joined October 2010 United States 864 Posts #4 YEA! I am so excited about a lava map in pro play. Garbage Starcraft 2 Commentator
lorestarcraft Profile Joined April 2011 United States 1008 Posts #5 Once again, I wonder how close I came. It's hard being passionate about something for so long and not seeing much in the way of validation. I will continue to map and hopefully my break through will come, I just hope another opportunity arises soon. SC2 Mapmaker
Incubus1993 Profile Joined February 2013 Canada 140 Posts #6 Congratulations to all the finalists! A display of just how talented the map making community is. I hope we have this kind of contests more frequently as the map pool gets kind of stale and quality submissions and work like this can eliviate it. Thanks Red Bull for hosting! "I like to keep an open mind, but not so open my brains fall out."
Waxangel Profile Blog Joined September 2002 United States 27026 Posts #7 vote for lava Administrator Hey HP can you redo everything youve ever done because i have a small complaint?
NewSunshine Profile Joined July 2011 United States 3814 Posts #8
Not just that my map didn't make it, but my top 7 would probably be quite different. Oh well. I decided to submit, so I'll just suck it up and deal I am disappointNot just that my map didn't make it, but my top 7 would probably be quite different. Oh well. I decided to submit, so I'll just suck it up and deal "If you find yourself feeling lost, take pride in the accuracy of your feelings." - Night Vale
MarcusRife Profile Joined March 2011 326 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-02 05:48:45 #9 new polaris rhapsody is bugged.Timer reads gibberish and a gas on the natural for the sw base is unbuildable.
The maps should be checked thoroughly. I don't have time to do it. There could be more problems as well. I noticed the New Polaris Rhapsody thing a few days ago and now that it is a finalist I figured I should say something. I confirmed the same problems on the TLMC version.
neobowman Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Canada 3319 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-02 06:00:22 #10 On November 02 2013 14:42 NewSunshine wrote:
I am disappointed
Not just that my map didn't make it, but my top 7 would probably be quite different. Oh well. I decided to submit, so I'll just suck it up and deal I am disappointNot just that my map didn't make it, but my top 7 would probably be quite different. Oh well. I decided to submit, so I'll just suck it up and deal
I'm curious. What maps would you have picked?
I'm curious. What maps would you have picked? On November 02 2013 14:41 lorestarcraft wrote:
Once again, I wonder how close I came. It's hard being passionate about something for so long and not seeing much in the way of validation. I will continue to map and hopefully my break through will come, I just hope another opportunity arises soon.
Keep trying man. I remember it took me forever to win any sort of recognition when mapping, even though I feel my maps were good enough. You'll get in if you keep being passionate and hardworking. Keep trying man. I remember it took me forever to win any sort of recognition when mapping, even though I feel my maps were good enough. You'll get in if you keep being passionate and hardworking. AKA: DayNife on steam. HMU for things.
ZigguratOfUr Profile Blog Joined April 2012 Iraq 13345 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-02 06:01:06 #11 Really like the symmetry of Shrieking Breeze; the paths look a bit simplistic though; its certainly no Raid Assault http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft/Raid_Assault . Jungle Valley, looks like a pretty awesome semi-island, though it looks like some spawns seem kinda strong compared to others, as they allow besieging the third; I'll have to see how it plays out though.
SidianTheBard Profile Joined October 2010 United States 2198 Posts #12 Hot damn. Awesome! This definitely just made my night.
ps. Dammit Plexa, that overview picture is making doodads on my map look like shit, I am disappointed. <3 Creator of Abyssal Reef, Ascension to Aiur, Battle on the Boardwalk, Habitation Station, Honorgrounds, IPL Darkness Falls, King's Cove, Korhal Carnage Knockout & Moonlight Madness.
iMrising Profile Blog Joined March 2012 United States 1074 Posts #13 Wow I would really watch a game on shrieking breeze $O$ | soO
TheFish7 Profile Blog Joined February 2012 United States 2763 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-02 06:07:52 #14 Some really excellent maps! Conceptually they all offer something new. I am so intrigued by Jungle Valley. How does one play without scouting? And Shrieking Breeze, can one defend two ramps, or will a quick 3 bases prove to be too turtley? We have two mirrored maps in Blitzkrieg and Habitation Station. This should be an interesting tourney. Congrats to all the finalists. ~ ~ <°)))><~ ~ ~
Zeppelin535 Profile Joined May 2011 Canada 262 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-02 06:09:21 #15 Some very interesting concepts. Will be fun to see how they play out, especially the lava map. Almost all of the expansions are on the low ground and would die every 5 minutes right?
Jungle Valley and Shrieking Breeze very much "NR-20" maps from the looks of it.
I quite like the two more-so standard maps, Synapse and Blitzkrieg. Bones (P) | @BonesSC2 | twitch.tv/Bones535
Yhamm Profile Blog Joined December 2012 France 6422 Posts #16 I want to see New Polaris Rhapsody in every match Liquipedia We will have only each other at the last
neobowman Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Canada 3319 Posts #17 On November 02 2013 15:09 Zeppelin535 wrote:
Some very interesting concepts. Will be fun to see how they play out, especially the lava map. Almost all of the expansions are on the low ground and would die every 5 minutes right?
Jungle Valley and Shrieking Breeze very much "NR-20" maps from the looks of it.
I quite like the two more-so standard maps, Synapse and Blitzkrieg.
I think its only the lowest ground in the centre of the map that gets Lavaed. I think its only the lowest ground in the centre of the map that gets Lavaed. AKA: DayNife on steam. HMU for things.
Cheren Profile Blog Joined September 2013 United States 2834 Posts #18 imo, based on how likely to win, not what i think of them:
Tier 1:
Habitation Station. Great visuals, standard layout, nothing to offend anyone. (maybe gold minerals?)
Tier 2:
Blitzkrieg: Not exciting visuals but an even more standard looking map than HS, neobowman is famous for some other map? so that might help?
Graveside: Ok layout if it gets past 3 bases, ok visuals, might be 3 base turtle fest.
Synapse: Great visuals, but tanks/reapers/blink stalkers/colossus at that backdoor ledge could get annoying.
Tier 3
Jungle Valley, NPR, Shrieking Breeze all taking too big of risks to win, but should provide really interesting games in the qualifier when they aren't vetoed.
Zeppelin535 Profile Joined May 2011 Canada 262 Posts #19 On November 02 2013 15:13 neobowman wrote:
Show nested quote +
On November 02 2013 15:09 Zeppelin535 wrote:
Some very interesting concepts. Will be fun to see how they play out, especially the lava map. Almost all of the expansions are on the low ground and would die every 5 minutes right?
Jungle Valley and Shrieking Breeze very much "NR-20" maps from the looks of it.
I quite like the two more-so standard maps, Synapse and Blitzkrieg.
I think its only the lowest ground in the centre of the map that gets Lavaed. I think its only the lowest ground in the centre of the map that gets Lavaed.
Oh looks like I missed some ramps when trying to figure that out. Yes, looks like all the bases are protected. Would be nice if the ramps were more clear. Or, what constitutes the lowest ground is clear with a different texture or something
Also, as someone else pointed out, the lower gas on the bottom right natural is indeed un-buildable. Oh looks like I missed some ramps when trying to figure that out. Yes, looks like all the bases are protected. Would be nice if the ramps were more clear. Or, what constitutes the lowest ground is clear with a different texture or somethingAlso, as someone else pointed out, the lower gas on the bottom right natural is indeed un-buildable. Bones (P) | @BonesSC2 | twitch.tv/Bones535
NovemberstOrm Profile Blog Joined September 2011 Canada 15958 Posts #20 Congrats to the finalists and GL to them all! Moderator lickypiddy
1 2 3 4 5 6 Next All
Come join us for an evening of fun as we dive into relationship!
This month OneTaste focuses on Relationship by Design where we elevate relationship from a place of security and comfort to an experience of ignited practice! Where the with your partner or anyone you are in connection with has the excuse to bring out your true desire and brilliance!
We will play "Hot Seats" (a game where you practice seeing people for who they really are) and other structured truth-telling communication games about relationships! Play and connect with others based on your revealed selves, rather than the masks we typically wear in relationships.
The evening will be an opportunity to practice bypassing the many obstacles we place between ourselves and raw connection with others! Not only does this make for more compelling interactions with others, it can also lead to surprising realizations about yourself!
This event is open to all adults 18 years or older, singles and couples and relationships of all kinds! All OneTaste San Francisco events are drug/alcohol free.
For more information, to RSVP contact Michele at 628-400-1439 or RSVP on Meetup: https://www.meetup.com/OneTasteSF/events/242656459/
ALEJUELA, Costa Rica — Grecia has the saddest smile of all his feathered friends in Costa Rica.
The 1-year-old toucan's upper beak got hacked off by a group of miscreants who left the bird for dead after ruining his handsome face. For the past four months, the half-beaked bird has been nursed back to health at Costa Rica's Animal Rescue Bird Zoo, where he's learned to feed himself by scooping and guzzling mashed fruit with his lower mandible — not unlike a pelican.
But Grecia's unsightly underbite could soon be a thing of the past. Thanks to the collective ingenuity of Costa Rica's tech sector, and $10,000 in funding from an Indiegogo campaign, the injured bird is about to get equipped with a new 3D-printed prosthetic beak — or "toucan dentures," as nobody has called it.
The plastic beak, scheduled to be attached to Grecia's stub in June, will be the first procedure of its kind in Latin America, and one of the first 3D-printed beaks attempted anywhere the world. Costa Rica, which is positively beamish about most things, is positively beamish about the opportunity to showcase its twin passions for nature and technology.
Advertisement
"It's really special to be able to help an injured toucan with 3D printing technology and show the world that Costa Rica has the skills and potential to do something like this," said Mariela Fonseca, manager of Elementos 3D, one of the three Costa Rican firms working to build the toucan a prosthetic chomper.
The challenges to such a procedure are manifold, and the blueprints nonexistent. Even the mechanics of a toucan's beak — a natural marvel of light-weight construction and nut-cracking strength — were a bit of a mystery until a little more than a decade ago.
Advertisement
Finding the right balance between heft and bite is only the first challenge in making a prosthesis for a bird whose sizable beak is only 1/20 of its total weight. The second challenge is how to affix the considerably protrusive attachment to a bird's face without causing it considerable discomfort or resentment.
The initial plan was to attach the fake beak with pins. But veterinarian Carmen Soto quickly nixed that because the stump of Grecia's beak is not dead cartilage, rather a tender area of blood vessels and nerve endings.
Advertisement
(Sadly — and parenthetically— that means that the savage hack job on Grecia's beak most likely caused the bird unspeakable pain. Although part of a toucan's beak is made of the same keratin protein that makes up fingernails, imagine having a group of teenagers holds you down and rip off your fingernails at the cuticles. Now imagine that happening to your face.)
The revised plan is to use a type of denture-type adhesive to affix the base of the prosthetic beak to Grecia's muzzle (Fixodent and forget it). The hollow part of the beak — the long curvy part used for sniffing out Fruit Loops — will be designed as an detachable extension that can be easily removed for cleaning, or replaced when the young bird outgrows his old prothesis.
Advertisement
The goal, Soto says, is to make the implant as comfortable and stress-free as possible. And hopefully, Grecia will warm to the idea of eating with a plastic beak.
There's a risk he might reject the plan entirely. Soto notes that Grecia has already adapted with remarkable ease to life without an upper beak. The toucan has learned to bite with the strong side of his mouth, and has become so adept at slurping fruit that his weight gain has become an issue of mild concern around the zookeepers' water cooler.
Advertisement
"We have to control his weight now because he's in a cage and doesn't get exercise," Soto says. "And he eats a lot! We don't want him to get too fat."
Adjusting to a new life with a false beak will mean relearning how to eat again with a foreign utensil — sorta like learning to use chopsticks. Grecia might even decide he's happy the way he is, with only half a beak.
Advertisement
"If we put the beak on and it stresses him out or causes any pain, it'll be better to take it off again," Soto told Fusion. "Because instead of improving his life, we'd be doing the opposite. But we have to try in any event."
The only matter that's not settled is what color they should make the new beak. And given the fact that Grecia is going to become a tourist attraction with his new beak, they might even want to consider giving him a rainbow-colored Fruit Loop bill, turning him into a real-life Toucan Sam.
Advertisement
"We haven't decided on colors yet," Soto says with a laugh. "I guess we could do that, but we'd have to change his name!"
Conservative radio host Mark Levin criticized Congressional Republicans for having “no principles, no strategy and no guts” on immigration.
Speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) on Saturday, Mr. Levin said “It's time for a new Republican Party,” The Hill reported. “No more excuses. No more whining. No more lying to get you elected. No more crony deals with the U.S. Chamber of crony capitalism,” he added.
Mr. Levin said that while Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) is “one of the most despicable, the dumbest men to ever be leader in the Senate,” he is “running circles around the Republicans,” referring to ongoing debate in Congress over funding for the Department of Homeland Security, which would include funding for President Obama's executive actions on immigration.
“We are not a nation of immigrants. We are a nation of citizens,” Mr. Levin said, The Hill reported. “I am sick and tired of the American citizen being demeaned and treated as a second-class citizen while anybody who crosses the border is treated as the most virtuous human being on the face of the earth.”
Mr. Levin also criticized potential 2016 GOP candidates like Jeb Bush for being too inclusive on immigration policy.
He said some GOP presidential candidates have referred “to us as essentially lazy and racist and themselves rejecting the belief of American exceptionalism, insisting that the nation owes its current and future greatness, if not existence, to uninterrupted massive waves of low-skilled and unskilled aliens from the third world.”
“This has never been the American experience. Immigration is to be managed, limited, gradual to allow for assimilation and Americanization,” Mr. Levin said, The Hill reported. “You see, Mr. Bush, we love our country, too.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Thu, Feb 9
331 Club Lonesome Dan Kase, Brady Perl Free 9:30pm 21+
7th St. Entry Meat Wave, Absolutely Not, Buildings $12 7:30pm 18+
Acadia Avalon Moon, Maxee Whiteford, Hazel Howl Free 9:30pm All Ages
Amsterdam Bar and Hall Theyself, Grape Whales, The Person and the People Free 9pm 21+
Aster Café Dean Magraw, Dan Newton, Pat Donahue $6 8pm All Ages
Cedar Cultural Center Anda Union $25 7pm All Ages
Ice House The Lioness Unplugged $15 10pm 21+
Palmer's Yassir Youbetcha, Zina Destiny, Davis, Good Doom $5 10pm 21+
Reverie Phil Hey Quartet Free 8:30pm All Ages
Triple Rock Social Club Lavender Daughter $5 8pm 18+
Turf Club Andy Cook, Harvey Benson, AR.Birn $10 7:30pm 21+
Vieux Carre Steven Hobert Quartet $7 8pm All Ages
Fri, Feb 10
331 Club Hayden Foxes, Bae Tigre, Story Night Free 10pm 21+
7th St. Entry Leon, Jacob Banks $15 8pm 18+
Acadia Stag, CABS, Red Eye Ruby, The Weeping Covenant Free 8pm All Ages
Amsterdam Bar and Hall Sierra Leone's Refugee All-Stars $25 8:30pm 18+
Aster Café JoyAnn Parker, Annie Mack $10 9pm All Ages
Cedar Cultural Center The Pachanga Society, Dan Newton $20 7pm All Ages
First Avenue Dead Man Winter, The Pines, Erik Koskinen Sold Out 7pm 18+
Ice House Tiny Deaths, Lott, Dosh, Al Church, Jeremy Ylvisaker $10 11pm 21+
Palmer's Eleck Brooks & The Hardway, Carlos Lumbi $5 10pm 21+
Reverie Subseason, Paperbark, Erik Tinberg, Low-Gain, Chris Leblanc & Shawna Lee $5 8:30pm All Ages
Triple Rock Social Club McNasty Brass Band, Koo Koo Kanga Roo, Jaedyn James & The Hunger $10 8pm 18+
Turf Club Robert Ellis, Jenny O $15 8pm 21+
Vieux Carre Debbie Duncan $10 9pm All Ages
Sat, Feb 11
331 Club Neon Blaque, Devata Daun, Manny Phesto, Radio Ahlee Free 10pm 21+
7th St. Entry Priests, Stef Chura, Waveless $13 8pm 18+
Acadia Quasimofo Free 9:30pm All Ages
Aster Café Sister Species, Seasaw & Laska $8 9pm All Ages
Black Dog Café Ben Allison, Steve Cardenas, Allison Miller, The Atlantis Quartet Free 7pm All Ages
Cedar Cultural Center Keller Williams $25 7pm All Ages
Fine Line Music Café Cloud Nothings $18 8pm 18+
First Avenue Polica, Spank Rock, Taskforce $25 8pm 18+
Ice House Jessica Manning, Jennie Lawless $10 11pm 21+
Reverie Rig Time, Disgunt, More Weight, Reclusa, Smolder $5 8:30pm All Ages
Triple Rock Social Club Alistair Hennessey $7 8pm 18+
Turf Club Rhett Miller (Old 97's), Trapper Schoepp $20 8pm 21+
Vieux Carre Kate Lynch $12 9pm All Ages
Sun, Feb 12
7th St. Entry Noname, Ravyn Lenae Sold Out 7:30pm 18+
Acadia Phil Berbig, Nick Check and the Dead Century, Rumba Eterna, Strange Jewels Free 8pm All Ages
Aster Café Parisota Hot Club $5 8pm All Ages
First Avenue AFI, The Chain Gang of 1974, Souvenirs $28 7pm 18+
Palmer's Cadillac Kolstad & The Flats, Miss Myra & The Moonshiners $5 8pm 21+
Mon, Feb 13
331 Club Doug Otto and Friends, The Roe Family Singers Free 8pm 21+
7th St. Entry Sonreal, John Chuck & The Class, Clairmont The Second $14 7pm 18+
Black Dog Café Moonshine Rhythm Club Free 7:30pm All Ages
Ice House Ted Olson Quartet, Ylvisaker, Lewis Bates $8 9:30pm 21+
Reverie Mark Verdin, Maya Elena, Red Eye Ruby, Geoffrey Fischbein Free 8:30pm All Ages
Tue, Feb 14
331 Club Moon Grass Free 9:30pm 21+
Aster Café Billy McLaughlin, Jeff Arundel & The Infamous $15 8pm All Ages
Black Dog Café Dean MacGraw, Davu Seru Free 7pm All Ages
First Avenue Japandroids, Craig Finn & The Uptown Controllers $20 8pm 18+
Ice House Ashley Groves, Justcallmehugo $10 9:30pm 21+
Palmer's Uhuru Hi-Fi $5 10pm 21+
Reverie Gabriel Douglas, Lydia Liza, Bae Tigre, Theyself $5 9pm All Ages
Triple Rock Social Club Tony Peachka, The Controversial New Skinny Pill, Fiji-13, Gully Boys $5 8pm 18+
Turf Club Tribal Seeds, Raging Fyah, Nattali Rize $18 7pm 21+
Wed, Feb 15
331 Club Ian Alexy and the Deserters, Joe and Vicky Price Free 7pm 21+
7th St. Entry Black Widows, Vanessa Silberman, Scarlett Taylor, Jiro and the Strategic Pink $8 8pm 18+
Amsterdam Bar and Hall Ambrose Akinmusire, Kool A.D., Sam Harris, Justin Brown, Mivos Quartet $20 7:30pm All Ages
Aster Café MN Songwriter Showcase w/ Nick Hensley Free 8pm All Ages
Black Dog Café Jug Sluggers Free 7pm All Ages
First Avenue Tove Lo Sold Out 6pm All Ages
Ice House Rachel Kurtz $5 9pm 21+
Nomad World Pub Goodnight Gorilla, New Locals, The Pocket Change $5 9pm 21+
Reverie Durr, Burn Fetish, Allworry $5 8:30pm All Ages
Triple Rock Social Club Wingtips, Posh Lost, Zina, Angelica Ottavia Lannitti Free 8pm 21+
Building My First Electron App
In my free time, I like to create videos. As part of my process for creating new videos, I usually need to download some audio to accompany the visuals. That might be the main song, some sound effects, or vocal tracks. I typically find the video on YouTube (copyright free, of course) and navigate to a website where I can convert and download the video as a .mp3 file. It's not a broken process, but it could be improved. I wasn't particularly fond of any of the user interfaces these websites had. It shouldn't be that difficult to download one song. So why not just build something myself?
Whenever I have an idea for a new project, I immediately want to dive into the code and start piecing together the start of the application. This is actually the completely wrong approach. I've found that it takes me less time to complete the work when I have the design already figured out ahead of time versus throwing it together as I go. I decided to put my money where my mouth is and jump into Photoshop.
Creating Mockups
I defined a rough list of requirements for what my design should contain:
A macOS application versus a website
A large input that allows the user to enter a YouTube URL
A button to start the conversion process and begin the download
The input should transform into a progress bar after clicking the button
Here are the mockups I created for my application:
I strived to create a simple but visually appealing design. The soft, green to blue gradient in the background provides contrast against the large, rounded input. I emphasized the little things like:
Adding box shadows around the input and button
Using a crisp, clear font (San Francisco)
Using a complementary color for the button to offset the background
Overall, I'm pretty happy with how it turned out. This gave me a great base to begin with.
Building the Application
I knew I wanted to use Electron to create this application, which is a framework created by GitHub. Electron enables developers to easily build cross-platform applications using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. My editor of choice, VS Code, is built with Electron.
I also wanted to gain more experience with React and the JavaScript tooling that accompanies it (Babel? What is that again?). Let's look at the dependencies section of my package.json. This file documents all of the packages my project uses.
"dependencies": { "axios": "^0.9.1", "babel-preset-es2015": "^6.6.0", "babel-preset-react": "^6.5.0", "babelify": "^7.2.0", "electron-reload": "^0.2.0", "electron-prebuilt": "^0.36.0", "react": "^0.14.8", "react-dom": "^0.14.7" }, "devDependencies": { "electron-packager": "^9.1.0", "node-sass": "^4.5.3", "watchify": "^3.9.0" }
Let's look at what I've defined here:
Axios - Send HTTP requests from the browser
Babel - Use the latest JavaScript features and compile your code to support older browsers
React - A JavaScript library for building user interfaces
Sass - CSS with superpowers
These libraries will be the building blocks of my application.
Electron requires you to specify a main entry point into your application. It's mostly boilerplate, but here's a snippet that sets up the browser window and loads the HTML file. I will include a link to the full source code at the end of this post.
const browserOptions = { width: 800, height: 600, maximizeable: false, icon: path.join(__dirname, '/public/img/logo.png') }; mainWindow = new BrowserWindow(browserOptions); mainWindow.loadURL('file://' + __dirname + '/index.html');
Here's the entirety of the index.html file it renders. This file simply includes the bundled JavaScript and CSS and not much else.
<!DOCTYPE html> <html lang="en"> <head> <meta charset="UTF-8" /> <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" /> <link rel="stylesheet" href="public/css/global.css" /> <title>Youtube To MP3</title> </head> <body> <div class="root center" id="root"></div> <script src="public/js/bundle.js"></script> </body> </html>
Notice the root div. This is where the React code will be rendered into. All of the JavaScript code for this application will be compiled together and bundled into bundle.js .
Electron is set up and there's a place for the React code to be written. Let's jump into creating some components.
Creating the Interface
The entry point for the React application is inside app.js . This file loads our components and renders them into index.html .
import React from 'react'; import ReactDOM from 'react-dom'; import AppContainer from './containers/app.container'; class App extends React.Component { render() { return <AppContainer />; } } // Render to index.html ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'));
You'll notice I've defined AppContainer , which is the top-level class containing all the working pieces of the application. It's generally best practice to break up your components into two categories - smart and visual components (others might use different wording).
For example, the AppContainer is a smart component. It will contain the logic for making HTTP requests to retrieve YouTube videos, incrementing the progress bar, and initiating the file download. Inside of this component, you'll find the visual components which don't do any of the heavy lifting. Here's what the AppContainer renders.
render() { if (this.state.showProgressBar) { return <ProgressBar progress={this.state.progress} />; } else { return <LinkInput startDownload={this.startDownload} />; } }
ProgressBar and LinkInput are the two visual components used in this application. The link input is initially shown which looks something like this.
render() { let className = `link__input${this.state.showError ? '--error' : ''}`; return <div> <input className={className} onChange={this.updateInputValue} placeholder='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmXUWKwxDg4' /> <div className='center'> <button className='link__button' onClick={this.startDownload}>Convert to .mp3</button> </div> </div>; }
One of my favorites features of ES6 is string template literals.
`link__input${this.state.showError ? '--error' : ''}`;
It's much easier to create strings with dynamic content now. You'll notice that if there's an error, I'm changing the class name to reflect that. I'm using BEM (Base-Element-Modifier) to define the naming structure of my CSS. Here's a snippet from the link base class in my global .scss file.
.link { &__input { width: 510px; height: 60px; border: 0; border-radius: 10px; box-shadow: $shadow; color: $grey; font-size: $font-size; text-indent: 15px; font-weight: 200; &--error { @extend .link__input; box-shadow: 0 0 0 2pt rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.53); } } &__button { height: 50px; width: 200px; box-shadow: $shadow; border: 0; border-radius: 10px; color: white; font-size: $font-size; background: $pink; margin-top: 10px; font-weight: 200; cursor: pointer; } }
Sass will transform this code into three classes: link__input , link__input--error , and link__button . Notice link is the "base", the input is the "element", and error is one "modifier".
The ProgressBar component displays a loading bar disguised as an input which updates based on the percentage value passed in from its parent AppContainer . When it's nearing completion, the text color changes to white so there's sufficient contrast.
import React, {Component} from 'react'; class ProgressBar extends Component { render() { let percentComplete = `${this.props.progress}%`; let color = '#747373'; if (this.props.progress > 90) { color = 'white'; } return ( <div> <div className="progress"> <div className="progress__bar" style={{width: percentComplete}} /> <div className="progress__percentage" style={{color: color}}> {percentComplete} </div> </div> <div className="center"> <span className="progress__info">The video is currently being processed.</span> </div> </div> ); } } export default ProgressBar;
As previously mentioned, the AppContainer will handle the heavy lifting of fetching the videos from YouTube. I utilized an exisiting API for processing videos to MP3 to reduce duplication of efforts.
fetchVideo(id) { let _this = this; Axios.get(`http://www.yt-mp3.com/fetch?v=${id}&apikey=${this.api_key}`) .then(function (response) { if (response.data.status === 'timeout') { _this.retryDownload(id); } else if (response.data.url) { _this.downloadFinished(response.data.url); } else { _this.retryDownload(id); } }) .catch(function (err) { alert('There was an error retrieving the video. Please restart the application.'); }); }
Final Product 🎉
Source Code
You can view the entire source code here. Leave me a comment if you enjoyed this article and happy coding! 😄
Having pulled off the monumental achievement of getting elected with zero help from Wall Street, President Trump is at risk of throwing it all away. He seems to be turning his White House over not only to liberal Democrats, but to the very type of liberal Democrats he railed against on the campaign trail.
It's like voluntarily getting an AIDS transfusion.
Until Trump, voters had two choices: A Republican beholden to Wall Street or a Democrat beholden to Wall Street.
But Wall Street despised Trump, and he despised them. This allowed him the luxury of denouncing both Ted Cruz and Hillary Clinton for their ties to Goldman Sachs, especially Hillary's six-figure "speeches" to that investment bank.
Ninety percent of Wall Street's money went to Hillary's campaign. Wherever the other 10 percent went, it didn't go to Trump.
What does that mean?
[Fox News' Sean Hannity frantically waving his hand]: I know! I know! Since he owes them nothing and they're universally reviled, he needs to turn the keys of the kingdom over to Wall Street bankers!
No, actually. It means that he should stay the hell away from them.
The Democrats, who are evil but not stupid, know what a gift it was for Trump to have had no Wall Street support. And they are already plotting to win Trump's voters back.
A hand grenade has recently been tossed into Trump's camp in the form of Stanley Greenberg's mostly-overlooked report for Democracy Corps. Greenberg, the Yale professor-turned-Democratic pollster, has conducted extensive, in-depth interviews with the beating heart of Trump's working-class support: the voters of Macomb County, Michigan, which went for Obama twice, but then flipped to Trump.
They were impossible to move. They love Trump, have no regrets about their vote, disbelieve the media and detest career politicians like Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell. They just "pray he keeps his promises and succeeds."
However, one fact, and one fact only, shook their faith: when they were told that his Cabinet was "full of campaign donors, Goldman Sachs bankers (bailed out by the taxpayers) and people who use undocumented workers in their homes." [PDF]
Hearing that, these devoted Trump voters called him "two-faced," a "puppet" and sadly remarked, "It's going to be a lot of the same old garbage."
Trump knows this. His guilty conscience propelled him to stray from his standard rally speech in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, last week, and go into what seemed like an endless soliloquy on his chief economic adviser, Goldman Sachs' Gary Cohn. (Not to be confused with his Treasury Secretary, Goldman Sachs' Steve Mnuchin, or his deputy national security adviser, Goldman Sachs' Dina Powell. These are the people the media call the "grown-ups" in Trump's administration.)
The Cedar Rapids crowd was thrilled to see Trump. They would have cheered his tie. They would have cheered the humidity. But his lengthy disquisition on Cohn? Crickets.
Touting (lifelong, and still today, liberal Democrat) Cohn's "great, brilliant business mind," Trump said, he wanted "a rich person to be in charge of the economy," because "that's the kind of thinking we want."
Sean Hannity, bless his heart, has the zeal of the late Trump convert. He would endorse communism if Trump decided to implement the policies of "The Communist Manifesto." (Which the GOP's health care bill actually does!)
On his show last Thursday, he tried to get me to defend Trump's "rich person" remarks about Cohn. I wish you could see the segment, but, unfortunately, Hannity decided no one would ever see it—NOT, I hasten to add, because he would ever censor criticism of Trump, but simply because he ran out of time.
In a pre-taped interview. It was a time problem. (It may not be evident to most viewers, but three minutes MUST be left at the end of every Hannity show for Nerf ball throwing.)
With the zealotry of those who came late to the Trump party, Hannity fully endorsed Trump's faith in Cohn, adding, "I never got a job from a poor man!"
Those of us who have been here for a while—unlike Cruz- and Rubio-supporting Hannity—know how to party responsibly. The best way we serve the people we admire is to tell them the truth. (Someday, no doubt, Nancy Pelosi will wish she had been surrounded by fewer Yes Men.)
The motto of we longtime Trump supporters is: NO TREATS FOR DOING NOTHING!
As I told Hannity (in the pre-taped, and later edited, interview): He's also never gotten a job from Goldman Sachs. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross created jobs. Donald Trump created jobs. Goldman Sachs doesn't create jobs. The geniuses of Goldman specialize in generating obscene salaries for themselves while helping send American jobs abroad.
Trump said he wanted rich people to do for the country what they had done for themselves. Here's what Gary Cohn did for himself: He oversaw the mortgage department at Goldman Sachs in the run-up to Wall Street blowing up the economy with the 2008 mortgage meltdown.
Under Cohn, Goldman's role was especially egregious, as described in detail in a 600-page report issued by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations headed by Republican Sen. Tom Coburn and Democratic Sen. Carl Levin, after a two-year review.
As Goldman was furiously betting against worthless mortgages for its own account, it was hawking this toxic paper to its customers.
Goldman's customers could be wiped out with no skin off Goldman's back. But Goldman was doing the same with its trading partners, and the problem with scamming people on the other side of a bet is that, by winning, you might bankrupt them, and they can't pay you back.
But that's where you come in, taxpayer! To ensure that kazillionaires at Goldman recouped 100 cents on the dollar after the crash, taxpayer money was used to bail out the losers in these transactions—primarily AIG—so that they could pay back Goldman and other Wall Street banks in full.
It was the biggest taxpayer bailout of banks in U.S. history.
Is that what Gary Cohn is going to do for the economy? Scam the naive of, say, Canada, then ask for a taxpayer bailout from Mars?
As to rich people being "smart": Kim Kardashian is rich. Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is rich. Bernie Madoff was rich—as he surely tells the 300-pound, face-tattooed gangsters he now showers with. No one wants any of them advising Trump, either.
You could have heard this on Hannity, but, apparently, there was some sort of timing issue.
COPYRIGHT 2017 ANN COULTER
DISTRIBUTED BY ANDREWS MCMEEL SYNDICATION
Ann Coulter is the legal correspondent for Human Events and is the author of TWELVE New York Times bestsellers—collect them here.
Her book, ¡Adios America! The Left's Plan To Turn Our Country Into A Third World Hellhole, was released on June 1, 2015. Her latest book is IN TRUMP WE TRUST: E Pluribus Awesome
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Truck Yeah The trucks are good!
If you really need one truck to go prerunning, overlanding, mud bogging and rock crawling... you're going to have to get creative. Or crazy.
For those of you unfamiliar with off-road vernacular, “prerunning” is the tradition of driving an off-road race course before the race to learn the route. Practically and generally speaking, a “prerunner” is a vehicle designed to move quickly over desert terrain and make late night taco runs. Picture a Ford Ranger with big tires, long shocks and and a lot of exposed steel tubes.
“Overlanding” is about going over rough terrain too, but at a much slower pace and with much more crap bolted to the car. The modern interpretation of overlanding is basically a Pinterest'd execution of porting a tailgate party into National Geographic's Instagram account. Picture a classic Range Rover with beautifully brushed-aluminum racks, fancy fold-out kitchenware and every off-road accessory mounted to the exterior.
You can probably work out what “rock crawling” and “mud bogging” are on your own. To be good at those your truck needs articulation and lots of power, respectively.
It's easy to see why it's so hard to make one vehicle that could master all of these domains, but that's what Fred Williams and his friend Dave managed to accomplish. That or they wasted two perfectly mediocre truck frames, depending on how you look at it.
An image purportedly showing President Obama standing near a sleeping man on the subway recirculated on social media in November 2017:
This doctored image was created by Instagram user @AverageRob and was first posted online in January 2017.
White House photographer Pete Souza took the original photograph on 26 February 2014. It showed President Obama and Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx touring a new rail car in St. Paul, Minnesota. All of the seats in the original photograph were unoccupied.
Here's a comparison of Average Rob's creation (left) and the genuine photograph taken by Pete Souza (right):
Instagram user @AverageRob has built a following by digitally adding himself to photographs with celebrities, including Beyoncé, Ryan Gosling, Kim Kardashian, and Spider-Man, among others. President Obama makes frequent appearances in his creations.
Here's another (doctored) image of Average Rob and Obama:
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Alibaba Group Holding (BABA.N) is in talks with India's Micromax Informatics IPO-MINF.NS to buy an about 20 percent stake in the smartphone maker, helping the Chinese e-commerce giant expand in one of the world's fastest growing markets for the devices, several people with direct knowledge of the matter said.
Alibaba founder and chairman Jack Ma poses for the media while touring the CeBIT trade fair in Hanover March 16, 2015. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer
The deal, if completed, would see Alibaba investing as much as $1.2 billion in Micromax, the second-largest smartphone brand in India by sales, at up to $6 billion, two of the people said. India is the world's third largest smartphone market and was the fastest growing in the Asia Pacific region in the third quarter of last year, according to industry research firm International Data Corporation.
Micromax and Alibaba began talks on the stake sale after discussions with investors led by Japanese telecoms firm Softbank Corp (9984.T) stalled over differences in valuations, the sources said.
“The Softbank talks are not officially over, but it'll be hard to get back on track,” said one of the people. Softbank is the largest shareholder in Alibaba.
All the sources involved in the process declined to be named as they were not authorized to speak to the media about ongoing talks. Micromax, SoftBank and Alibaba declined to comment.
The sources said Alibaba wants to use the Micromax deal to tap into the boom in the number of internet users in India, which is also one of the world's most rapidly growing smartphone markets.
Growth in India, and especially in mobile transactions, would help Alibaba offset stiff competition at home from domestic rivals including JD.com Inc (JD.O), as well as what appears to be growing e-commerce user saturation.
Strong revenue from mobile transactions helped the company report a 45 percent increase in quarterly revenue on Thursday.
“The talks are centered around using Micromax devices as a platform to get into a serious business of its own in India,” said one of the sources, referring to Alibaba.
Alibaba, for example, would be able to roll out services such as Alipay, its online payment platform, on Micromax phones. Ant Financial Services Group, which owns Alipay, is China's largest payment service provider and is controlled by Alibaba's executive chairman and founder Jack Ma.
The stake sale is aimed at helping Micromax raise capital as it expands into new business segments including personal computing.
The company is seeking funds from private investors, or a possible stock market listing, its co-founder told Reuters.
Micromax started up in India in 2008, and its affordable, large-screen phones are now the country's most popular after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) smartphones. Micromax counts Sequoia Capital and TA Associates among its investors.
A recent announcement by the Federal Bureau of Investigations detailing plans to embark on a $1 billion biometrics project and construct an advanced biometrics facility to be shared with the Pentagon has the American Civil Liberties Union on red alert.
In an exclusive interview with Raw Story, attorney Chris Calabrese, an ACLU's legislative counsel in Washington, D.C., warned that this move in particular was indicative of a fast approaching mass surveillance state that poses a “grave danger” to American values.
The FBI's forthcoming biometrics center will be based on a system constructed by defense contractor Lockheed Martin, and part of that system is already operating today in Clarksburg, West Virginia. Starting with fingerprints, and creating a global law enforcement database for the sharing of those biometric images, the system is slated to expand outward, eventually encompassing facial mapping and other advanced forms of computer-aided identification.
To help ramp up the amount of data flooding into this center, the FBI said that electronic fingerprint scanners would be sent to state and local police agencies, which would be empowered to capture prints from any suspect, even if they haven't been arrested or convicted of a crime.
“We think rolling out this kind of invasive measures is really another step toward mass surveillance of the population,” Calabrese told Raw Story. “I mean, now if you're just walking around on the street, do you think that automatically police should be able to check your fingerprint? Seems very invasive to us.”
But it's more than just invasive, he suggested: it's a fundamental revolution in American values.
“Facial recognition is one of the most invasive biometrics because it allows surreptitious tracking at a distance,” Calabrese continued. “They can secretly track you from camera to camera, location to location. That has enormous implications, not just for security but also for American society. I mean, we are now at a point where we can automatically track people. Computers could do that. That's what, we think, is a grave danger to our privacy.”
And it's not just a rhetorical threat, where — as many a police officer has said — if you aren't doing anything wrong, you've got nothing to hide. It could actually go so far as changing the culture of law enforcement as a whole, Calabrese said.
“Law enforcement's focus should stay where it's been for 100 years: finding bad guys, but since 9/11 the focus has shifted toward terrorism. It's suddenly this idea that's like, well, let's scrutinize the whole U.S. population before trying to find bad guys.”
He went on: “In the United States, you're innocent until proven guilty for a reason. You're supposed to have the right and the ability to live your life free of government scrutiny. That's fundamental to American values.
“That's what we're really talking about here: a shift in American values, from a place where you can live your life unencumbered by government scrutiny to one where you really have to worry whether the government is watching you either through a video camera, or a police officer who could step up and potentially ask you for a fingerprint at any time.”
Mr. President, tear down this list
Another item in the FBI's announcement that alarmed civil libertarians was the creation of yet another database dedicated to tracking certain individuals. The FBI said this latest database, called the “Repository for Individuals of Special Concern,” would only focus on wanted criminals, registered sex offenders and “suspected terrorists.”
But considering the Obama administration's secretive policy which strips Miranda rights from U.S. citizens suspected of terrorism — a policy issued in January and revealed yesterday by The Wall Street Journal — that database could become a flashpoint.
Miranda rights are what allows suspects to remain silent in the face of police questioning, and have an attorney present for their interrogation. The Obama administration's policy says that law enforcement may deny these rights if they deem the situation “exceptional,” even if it doesn't pertain to any immediate threat.
While Calabrese did not address the issue of Obama's Miranda policy, the ACLU at-large did issue a statement yesterday, condemning the administration.
“It is important to remember that no change in FBI interrogation policy can alter the constitutional imperative that information gained without Miranda warnings is inadmissible against a defendant in a court of law where no public safety exception exists,” they said. “This principle is fundamental to the American system of justice.”
But what about these lists? And specifically, the “Individuals of Special Concern,” which is now only likely to grow in importance as a database containing some individuals who the president potentially considers to be unprotected by the U.S. Constitution.
“The biggest problem with the terrorist database is not having a separate database of people,” Calabrese said. “There may be situations where you have high value targets, you know, you want to make sure you can immediately get a ping-back on. The problem is how people get on those lists. Have they been connected to a crime? Is there an arrest warrant out for them? In situations like that, obviously it's fine. We want the police to be able to find dangerous people. Once there's a warrant out for a person's arrest, obviously we want to give law enforcement the tools they need to capture those people.”
Unfortunately, he added, that's not a reflection of today's U.S. law enforcement.
“What we have instead is secret watch lists, where people don't know they're on the list, they don't know the standard for putting them on the lists and there's no way to get off the lists,” Calabrese said. “That's a serious problem.”
“We're not opposed to technology, but we are seeing technology advancing rapidly and often times legal protections aren't keeping up. When it's now technologically possible to do things like capture a facial recognition image and use the various cameras across a city to track somebody using that image automatically … When that's technologically possible, the only barrier between us and widespread mass surveillance is legal protections. They don't exist right now, in many cases.”
Image: Attorney Chris Calabrese. Courtesy photo via the ACLU.
About Death Note Complete Series Omega Edition Blu-ray
This Death Note Omega Edition contains episodes 1-37, movies Re-Light #1 & #2, an artbook, and a premium metallic chipboard box.
Light Yagami is a genius high school student who is about to learn about life through a book of death. When a bored shinigami, God of Death, named Ryuk drops a black notepad called a Death Note, Light receives power over life and death with the stroke of a pen. Determined to use this dark gift for the best, Light sets out to rid the world of evil... namely the people he believes to be evil.
Should anyone hold such power?
The consequences of Light's actions will set the world ablaze.
Spoken Languages: English, Japanese, French, Spanish, Portuguese, English Subtitles, French Subtitles, Spanish Subtitles, Portuguese Subtitles
Feature Film Spoken Languages: English, Japanese, French, English Subtitles, French Subtitles
In an age where you can be fired for a misjudged joke tweet, Ricky Gervais has defended the right for comedians to be “offensive”.
“You've got to be allowed to say things that [potentially] everyone might find offensive,” he said while promoting new Netflix show Special Correspondents at the streaming service's inaugural festival in Paris this week.
"I think offence is the collateral damage of freedom of speech. But just because you are offended doesn't mean you're right.
"The more famous you get, the more people love you and hate you. If you are doing anything that isn't anodyne and watered down, you are going to polarise - but it's good to polarise, because some people are smart and some people are f**king stupid."
Gervais has been about as polarising as any comic thanks to his Golden Globe hosting stints, but he's developed a thick skin.
"Unless people are coming to my house, I don't care [what they think],” he said. “Twitter? It's like reading every toilet wall in the world. You mustn't worry about it. It will send you mad. Who gives a f**k?"
New plex package.
There is a new plex package that is compatible with the armhf architechture you can try it at the following link:
http://www.htpcguides.com/install-plex-media-server-on-raspberry-pi-2/
I haven't tried it myself but it should work with minimal effort.
For help you can also check the plex forum (there is even a debian package available in this thread):
https://forums.plex.tv/index.php/topic/145717-i-have-pms-running-on-raspberry-pi-2/page-17
Introduction
The new raspberry pi 2 also contains an armv7 processor, theses instructions will also work for it if you install raspbian as a base
This is a small how-to on how I proceeded to install plex media server on my cubox-i.
Please note that this is just a dump of all the commands. This might be a little bit confusing.
The cubox-i comes with an armv7 architechture and there is no plex package for it.
The base idea of this document is to create a chroot environment with the armel architechture so the cubox-i can run a version of plex media server that is compiled for the arm architechture (armv5), the drobo package per instance.
I created this howto on Debian Wheezy for the cubox-i. Here is my installation procedure: Debian Wheezy
I suggest using the latest debian image from http://www.solid-run.com/community/topic1573.html
Warning
I am no linux expert everything is created as root user here, I'm just learning and having fun
Everything is done as ROOT this is probably a really bad idea
This is just an experiment
Please understand that english is not my primary language.
I am not responsible for any damage done to you, your cubox-i or your pet.
Install Plex Media Server into a chroot
Setup the chroot environment
apt-get install debootstrap debootstrap --no-check-gpg --arch=armel wheezy /chroots/wheezy-armel ftp://ftp.debian.org/debian/
Setup bind mounts to make it easy
In your main system add the following lines in your /etc/fstab
# Chroot bind mounts /home /chroots/wheezy-armel/home none bind 0 0 /mnt /chroots/wheezy-armel/mnt none bind 0 0 /tmp /chroots/wheezy-armel/tmp none bind 0 0 /proc /chroots/wheezy-armel/proc proc defaults 0 0 /dev /chroots/wheezy-armel/dev none bind 0 0 /dev/pts /chroots/wheezy-armel/dev/pts none bind 0 0
Mount your fiesystem
mount -a
Installing plex in your chroot
Go in your chroot
chroot /chroots/wheezy-armel/
Add chroot indication in prompt
echo wheezyArmel > /etc/debian_chroot
Exit and reenter in your chroot and your prompt will look like this: (wheezyArmel)root@cubox-i:
Correct the locales
apt-get install locales locale-gen en_US en_US.UTF-8 hu_HU hu_HU.UTF-8 dpkg-reconfigure locales
Fix some ischroot issues
dpkg-divert --divert /usr/bin/ischroot.debianutils --rename /usr/bin/ischroot ln -s /bin/true /usr/bin/ischroot
Download and extract plex
I did pick as a base the Drobo build which is compatible arm / armel architechture
cd /tmp mkdir plex cd plex wget http://downloads.plexapp.com/plex-media-server/0.9.9.12.504-3e7f93c/plex.tgz tar -zxvf plex.tgz mkdir -p /opt/plex/ mv Application/ /opt/plex mkdir -p "/opt/plex/Library/Application Support"
Create a plex launcher
vi /usr/local/bin/plexmediaserver
Paste this inside
#!/bin/sh SCRIPTPATH = /opt/plex/Application export LD_LIBRARY_PATH = " ${ SCRIPTPATH } " export PLEX_MEDIA_SERVER_HOME = " ${ SCRIPTPATH } " export PLEX_MEDIA_SERVER_MAX_PLUGIN_PROCS = 6 export LC_ALL = "en_US.UTF-8" export LANG = "en_US.UTF-8" export PLEX_MEDIA_SERVER_APPLICATION_SUPPORT_DIR = "/opt/plex/Library/Application Support" ulimit -s 3000 /opt/plex/Application/Plex \ Media \ Server
Make it executable
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/plexmediaserver
Check that plex is running correctly from inside the chroot
plexmediaserver &
You should have access to your plex server at the following address
http://<<Your IP Address>>:32400/web/index.html
Make plex startable from the host system
Go back to your host system (exit the chroot)
exit
Install dchroot
apt-get install dchroot
edit (or create) /etc/dchroot.conf
vi /etc/dchroot.conf
and add
# wheezyArmel chroot wheezyArmel /chroots/wheezy-armel
edit /etc/schroot/schroot.conf
vi /etc/schroot/schroot.conf
and add
[wheezy-armel] description = Contains the PLEX program aliases = wheezyArmel directory = /chroots/wheezy-armel
Now you should be able to start plex from the main host with the folowing command
dchroot -c wheezyArmel -d /usr/local/bin/plexmediaserver --directory /
Make plex start seamlessly
Create a chroot "caller"
vi /usr/local/bin/do_chroot
paste the following
#!/bin/sh ARGS = "" for i in " $@ " ; do ARGS = " $ARGS ' $i '" done exec dchroot -c wheezyArmel -d -q "`basename $0 `" " $ARGS " --directory /
Make it executable
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/do_chroot
Make a link to plexmediaserver.
ln -s /usr/local/bin/do_chroot /usr/local/bin/plexmediaserver
This looks like black magic, but the do_chroot will read the link name from the prompt and execute the same command in the chroot environment
Now you should be able to seamlessly start plex from the main host
plexmediaserver &
Auto start plex with your cubox-i
Create an init.d script
vi /etc/init.d/plexmediaserver
Paste the following
#!/bin/sh ### BEGIN INIT INFO # Provides: plexmediaserver # Required-Start: $remote_fs $syslog $networking # Required-Stop: # Default-Start: 2 3 4 5 # Default-Stop: 0 1 6 # Short-Description: Plex Media Server # Description: Plex Media Server for Linux, # More information at http://www.plexapp.com # Many thanks to the great PlexApp team for their wonderfull job ! # Author: Cedric Quillevere / origin@killy.net # Rewamped Christian Svedin / christian.svedin@gmail.com # Adapted (cubox-i) Francis Belanger / francis.belanger@gmail.com # Version: 1.2 ### END INIT INFO # Read configuration variable file if it is present [ -r /etc/default/plexmediaserver ] && . /etc/default/plexmediaserver test -f "/usr/local/bin/plexmediaserver" || exit 0 plex_running = ` ps ax | grep "/opt/plex/Application/Plex Media Server" | awk '{ print $1 }' | wc -l ` case " $1 " in start ) if [ " $plex_running " -gt 1 ] ; then echo "Plex already running..." exit 0 fi echo -n "Starting Plex Media Server: " su -l $PLEX_MEDIA_SERVER_USER -c "/usr/local/bin/plexmediaserver &" >/dev/null 2 > & 1 sleep 1 echo "done" ;; stop ) if [ " $plex_running " -eq 1 ] ; then echo "Plex Media Server is not running (no process found)..." exit 0 fi echo -n "Killing Plex Media Server: " # Trying to kill the Plex Media Server itself but also the Plug-ins ps ax | grep "Plex Media Server" | awk '{ print $1 }' | xargs kill -9 >/dev/null 2 > & 1 ps ax | grep "Plex DLNA Server" | awk '{ print $1 }' | xargs kill -9 >/dev/null 2 > & 1 sleep 1 echo "done" ;; restart ) sh $0 stop sh $0 start ;; status ) if [ " $plex_running " -gt 1 ] ; then echo "Plex Media Server process running." else echo "It seems that Plex Media Server isn't running (no process found)." fi ;; * ) echo "Usage: $0 {start|stop|restart|status}" exit 1 ;; esac exit 0
Make it executable
chmod +x /etc/init.d/plexmediaserver
Update rc to enable your new script
update-rc.d plexmediaserver defaults
Reboot and voilà Plex should start automatically with your cubox.
If you have issues loading the plex interface, try to delete the cache folder
The urban sewage resistome represents the emission of antibiotic resistance from the gastrointestinal tracts of citizens into wastewater treatment plants. A large-scale sampling of municipal sewage from 17 major cities across China was performed in this study. The seasonal variation and geographical distribution of the urban sewage antibiotic resistome were characterized. Municipal sewage harbored diverse and abundant resistance genes, conferring resistance to almost all antibiotics, highlighting that municipal sewage could be a major conduit for transferring antibiotic resistance genes into the environment. Significant seasonal differences were observed in the urban sewage antibiotic resistome (P < 0.01). Seasonal temperature changes might have a significant influence on the variation of antibiotic resistance and on the composition of microbial community. The seasonality of microbial communities in lakes [42], soil [43], and sludge [44] has been well documented. Temperature and temperature-dependent organic matter load can foster the proliferation of microbial taxa that carry resistance genes, or improve the growth of non-resistant microorganisms [45]. Antibiotic administration could also explain the clear seasonality in shifts within the sewage resistome [3, 12]. Seasonal variation in antibiotic consumption driven by associated seasonality in pathologies exerts selective pressure, leading to selection and subsequent dissemination of antibiotic resistance genes in wastewater [3]. Thus, seasonally variable release of antibiotics, bacteria, and resistance genes into municipal sewage can alter bacterial populations and remodel their resistome [46, 47]. A recent study on sewers further supported the speculated reason, demonstrating a clear seasonal pattern in the relative abundances of resistance genes, and that this coincided with the overall rates of antibiotic prescription [12].
Higher concentrations of ARGs were detected in winter sewage, being approximately one order of magnitude higher than those of summer. This finding was supported by a recent study, where increases in ARGs in sewers were always encountered in colder seasons of the year, when the more frequent seasonal epidemic diseases contributed to the therapeutic prescription of antibiotics [12]. In addition, dilution of urban sewages by increasing domestic daily water discharges in summer may be another explanation for lower ARG concentration in summer. Similar observations were found in urban streams, where total bacterial numbers were the highest in winter [48, 49]. Although ARGs absolute concentrations in winter sewage were greater, a significantly higher relative abundance of ARGs in summer sewage was observed. The major reason for such disparity might be that the bacterial density in winter sewage (1.21 × 1012 cells/L) was much greater than that in summer sewage (1.70 × 1011 cells/L). Bacterial biomass in sewage has been quantified using flow cytometry within the range from 1010 to 1012 cells/L [29, 50], and this is consistent with our results when normalizing for 16S rRNA gene copy number per cell.
The total output of resistance genes was estimated by considering the amount of domestic sewage and urban populations in Chinese administrative districts to quantify the regional ARG burden at a national scale. A strong spatial dependency in the distribution of ARG abundance in various administrative areas were observed, with two main regions separated by the demographic “Hu Huanyong line”, which is based on climatic zonation and population density [51]. It was previously reported that industrialization was correlated with the antibiotic resistance burden of the human gut, and this was in turn driven by age, diet, cultural tradition, climate, pathogen carriage, and periodic perturbation, for example, by antibiotic exposure [10, 52]. A similar geographic distribution was found in the antibiotic emission densities in Chinese river basins [40], suggesting that human activities are the major driver of resistance gene distribution.
Geographical clustering was not observed in the structure of either antibiotic resistome or bacterial community in Chinese sewage. The core antibiotic resistome and the core microbial community were stable across WWTPs [23, 53]. The resistome closely correlates with host-related bacterial phylogeny in sewage [12], indicating that the shared resistome and the core microbiota might play a vital role in the profile of urban resistome and its microbial community. Despite no distinct geographical grouping, there was a distance-decay effect in the similarity in bacterial community composition. This has been specifically reported in freshwater bacterial communities, phyllosphere bacteria, and more generally [54, 55].
Median fecal dry mass production is estimated at 29 g per person per day [56, 57]; and human intestinal contents range from 1010 to 1011 bacterial cells per gram (dry weight) [58]. Therefore, it was estimated that approximately 1011 ~ 1012 bacterial cells per person per day were discharged into sewage. Given the proportion of these cells that carry antibiotic resistance, there are clear pathways for dissemination of resistance genes via sewage [59]. Although the core resistome was shared by all populations investigated here, there were differences in the abundance of ARGs between urban areas. This suggests that monitoring sewage systems for ARGs could provide a real-time estimate of antibiotic resistance threats in specific areas, and this in turn could be used to inform treatments and to promote stewardship of antibiotics.
Director: Louis Leterrier
Starring: Edward Norton, Liv Tyler, Tim Roth
Worldwide gross: $263 million
In brief: The minor mis-step
Key characters introduced:
Bruce Banner / Incredible Hulk: Fugitive scientist, scary when angry
Stand-out scene: Hulk rips a car in two and uses each half as a boxing glove to fight Abomination.
The result: After Ang Lee's 2003 film Hulk left fans green in the face, the character rights reverted to Marvel Studios. Elements of the film work - the backstory is dispensed with in the opening credits, and there are some well-staged action sequences. It's no resounding success though - the film lacks the playfulness that has become Marvel Studios' defining characteristic. Norton was replaced with Mark Ruffalo in The Avengers, leaving The Incredible Hulk as a minor mis-step in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It's not bad, but it never lives up to its namesake.
READ: The Incredible Hulk, review
IRON MAN 2 (2010)
A gay Barclays Center food server claims that Houston Rockets basketball players pelted him with homophobic slurs in a locker room before a 2013 game against the Nets — and that he was coldly canned by his catering company after he complained about the abuse, according to a Brooklyn federal lawsuit filed Tuesday.
Rasean Tate, 28, of Brooklyn, is suing the Rockets and the company that handles catering at Barclays, Levy Restaurant Holdings, for a slew of civil rights violations and anti-gay discrimination.
Tate claims that he was setting up a buffet in the visiting Rockets locker room before a game on Feb. 22, 2013, when he was all but chased from the area because he was gay.
“When the plaintiff's back was turned to defendant Rockets players, he began to hear laughter and taunting voices saying ‘get this f—– out of here!' ” according to the suit, and ” ‘He's trying to catch a sneaky-peeky!' ”
The reeling server said that the jabs and snickering didn't let up.
“These series of comments were repeated a number of times by defendant Rockets players and staff,” according to the suit. “Plaintiff could hear defendant Rockets players overlapping voices and laughter.”
The suit does not name which individual players allegedly made the remarks.
Tate claims that a Nets representative witnessed the ugly incident and advised him to “just leave” and that he would “take care of it,” according to the suit.
Tate headed for the nearest restroom to compose himself, the suit says.
Still reeling two days later, Tate went to Levy catering manager Darcy Tarpia to relay details of the confrontation.
He was offered a verbal apology and promised that the situation would be addressed, according to the suit.
Tate was later told that Nets players were given special sensitivity training because of the incident with the Rockets, the court papers state.
But the suit alleges that he was soon met with retaliation rather than redress.
Tate claims he was slowly phased out of all locker room duty by the catering company after he lodged his complaints and his pay and hours plummeted as a result, according to the suit.
“This was solely in retaliation for his complaints about the harassment and discrimination he faced by defendant Rockets players and because of plaintiff's sexual orientation,” the suit claims.
From the 2013 NBA Draft to the Jordan Brand Classic, Tate was suddenly barred from working locker rooms in favor of heterosexual staffers, the suit states.
With his pay falling off a cliff, Tate emailed Levy brass to assert his ability to work locker rooms like anyone else.
He stated in the missive that he was “able, capable and comfortable to perform any duty and task as a catering server in all locations of the arena, including locker rooms and dressing rooms, in spite of the incident that occurred earlier in the year.”
But Tate claims that his pleas led to further exile and he was barred from working the VIP area of the Video Music Awards in August 2013.
Tate claims that Levy brass violated their own policies when they assigned a female to work the dressing room of a male performer instead of him.
The suit argues that company policy normally dictates same-gender assignments for dressing rooms.
The pattern of retaliation finally resulted in Tate's suspension in January for failing to give a customer a fork and other trumped-up offenses, his suit claims.
He was let go without pay — and hasn't been called to work since, court papers allege.
“But for plaintiff's sexual orientation and his complaints about harassment and discrimination based on his sexual orientation, defendants would not have retaliated against him and would not have treated him differently,” the suit states.
Lawyer Marjorie Mesidor blasted both the Rockets and the catering company for Tate's allleged mistreatment.
“What happened to my client was deplorable,” she said. “It should not be tolerated by the Houston Rockets or Levy's. What they needed to do was address his concerns, not retaliate against him for having the courage to speak up.”
Rockets forward Francisco Garcia, who played on the Rockets last year also, said, “I don't remember anyone saying anything to anybody last year, so I don't have any comment on that.”
The Barclays Center and the Nets are not parties to the suit.
A Barclays Center spokesman declined to comment on the suit.
The surging hoops team recently became the first squad to suit up an openly gay player when they signed Jason Collins in March.
Rockets and Levy reps did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the suit.
Additional reporting by Tim Bontemps
American Airlines workers at John F. Kennedy Airport apparently lost luggage belonging to security officials for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, officials said Tuesday.
The lost suitcase -- with weapons inside -- was eventually discovered in Los Angeles. Four Glock 9 mm handguns that were in the bag are now missing and police officials say they believe they were stolen.
The bag was supposed to have been on the flight from JFK to Washington DC where additional Israeli security officers were being assigned to help with the Israeli leader's visit with President Obama at the White House.
Port Authority police at JFK are now investigating whether the guns were stolen in New York or after the errant bag arrived in Los Angeles, a PA spokesman said.
Top New York News Photos of 2010
Officials said security protocols require travelers with handguns to pack the weapons and send them via checked luggage.
One source said the bag was inspected by Transportation Security Administration screeners who put a seal over the bag at Kennedy Airport, clearing the weapons for shipment to Washington.
A spokesman for the Israeli Consulate referred all calls about the lost bag and the missing handguns to American Airlines.
"When you have a situation related to security, we allow the appropriate law enforcement agencies to handle the situation and we refrain from commenting publicly, so that we don't hamper an investigation," said Tim Wagner, a spokesman for American Airlines.
Follow us on Twitter @NBCNewYork,and on Facebook/NBCNewYork, and sign up for breaking news SMS alerts on your phone by texting “NYBREAKING” to 639710.
The Parliamentary Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security (PJCIS) has been scrutinising the Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Amendment (Data Retention) Bill 2014 since December, holding a number of public hearings where it heard from civil liberties, privacy, media and lawyer groups that the laws needed to change or be scrapped. Law-enforcement and intelligence agencies also attended, but said they believed the legislation was sound and therefore did not need to be altered. As it stands, law-enforcement and intelligence agencies are able to access our metadata – who we call and who calls us, as well as internet records – without a warrant. And they want this to continue. Agencies said the new laws were only meant to ensure the "status quo" would remain – that is telecommunications companies continue to store phone and internet records and didn't delete them like some have done as they no longer require them for business purposes. Despite this, Fairfax Media understands that the PJCIS, due to table its findings by mid-afternoon on Friday, has listened to some concerns from critics of the scheme and will recommend that: Agencies granted access to the data are specified in legislation rather than regulation (regulation can be altered by the attorney-general of the day without a parliament vote);
Parties to civil court cases should be prevented from obtaining access to the data unless the bill's regulations allow it;
If the data is stolen, telcos should be required to report the breach to customers and government;
Data stored should be encrypted by telcos to prevent hackers from trawling through it if stolen.
About 40 recommendations are understood to have been made in total, many being minor, with one insider commending the process of the committee as one of the "most effective" in their time in parliament. Attorney-General George Brandis will be expected to respond to the PJCIS report and outline which recommendations, if any, the government will take up. A spokesman for Mr Brandis told Fairfax Media there was no set time or date for a response to the recommendations. But using the first two tranches of national security legislation as a guide, it is not likely for a response to be made on the day the report is released. Regardless, the government has set down Tuesday next week as when it wants to resume debate on the bill in the House of Representatives.
If the recommendations are adopted, opponents of the scheme are likely to still be unhappy with it. Australian Greens Senator Scott Ludlam, who has been voicing his concern about it, is likely to vote it down completely, along with the Liberal Democratic Party's David Leyonhjelm. Prime Minister Tony Abbott wants Labor's support to pass the bill through parliament before the end of March. Any recommendations taken up will have to be introduced by way of amendments to the bill, introduced into the House of Representatives by Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull in late October. The cost to set up the data retention scheme also remains a key concern for telecommunications providers, and it appears the PJCIS has not made any recommendations on this. Mr Abbott has indicated the total cost to set up the scheme could total $400 million for the entire industry. The government commissioned PricewaterhouseCoopers to identify the cost but has not released the report, citing cabinet confidentiality and commercial in confidence reasons.
CC/Flickr/Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources Wolves have returned to only about 10 percent of their historic range in the United States.
If you've ever seen footage of an animal caught in a trap, you know the terror they experience, and you never want to see it again – but that kind of cruelty is exactly what one Minnesota politician will be an accomplice to if federal protections for the state's gray wolves are eliminated.
Although wolves have made much progress toward recovery with protections of the Endangered Species Act, they are nowhere near fully recovered. Wolves have returned to only about 10 percent of their historic range in the United States and researchers have identified more than 350,000 square miles of unoccupied suitable wolf habitat including, for example, in the northern lower peninsula of Michigan.
Even so, Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar is ganging up on these endangered animals alongside fellow lawmakers with bills to remove protections for gray wolves in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan and Wyoming. The bills – H.R. 424 and S. 164 – would remove federal protections, prevent any review by the courts and turn wolf management over to states dead set on killing wolves.
As a lifelong Minnesotan and an attorney working for more than a decade to stop cruel wildlife exploitation, the prospect of these bills becoming binding law is heartbreaking.
Bills seek to overturn court rulings
The bills seek to overturn court rulings that found wolves still deserve protections under the Endangered Species Act. In the case that returned protections to wolves in the Great Lakes region, the court explained that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's removal of wolf protections was based on “an untenable reading of the ESA” and “flawed findings.” The court identified aggressive killing under state management as one reason that federal protections must be restored.
Indeed, after the Fish and Wildlife Service prematurely removed wolf protections in 2012, Minnesota and Wisconsin immediately moved to open trophy hunts and trapping seasons. State managers in Minnesota established an “unregulated killing zone” in two-thirds of the state where farmers could kill any wolf on their property, while Wisconsin managers pledged to cut the state's wolf population by more than half to just 350 wolves.
Eradication methods included such inhumane methods as painful steel-jawed leghold traps, strangulation snares and even packs of dogs to chase down wolves. We know trapped animals suffer tremendous pain and distress. Some may try to chew off the caught foot, which can lead to a slow death from blood loss or infection. Animals also suffer from exposure to harsh weather conditions without food, water or shelter, as well as attacks from predators when caught defenseless in a trap. And when dogs are sent after wolves, the results amount to state-sanctioned dog fighting.
Under state management, Minnesota's wolf population fell by 25 percent. Luckily for us, after the court restored federal protections, our wolves are slowly beginning to rebound. But if these shortsighted bills become law, thousands of wolves in Minnesota and across the Great Lakes region will once again suffer and die under state management.
Shift would set a damaging precedent
Beyond the harm to wolves, such a dangerous policy shift would damage the Endangered Species Act itself. The Act is one of the most successful environmental laws in existence. It has saved more than 99 percent of species under its protection from extinction and put hundreds on the road to recovery, including iconic animals like bald eagles, humpback whales and, of course, our wolves. These bills set a damaging precedent that wildlife can lose the Act's life-saving protections for no reason other than being politically unpopular.
Amid the greatest extinction crisis since the dinosaurs were wiped out, we simply cannot afford to turn species protection decisions over to elected officials in Congress who value their own re-election and short-term economic gains over the nation's long-term environmental and economic security.
Wolf populations should not be managed merely to keep ranchers and hunters happy. This is not how Americans – or Minnesotans – want their natural heritage treated. Because the states cannot be trusted to effectively and humanely manage wolves, the federal government needs to retain its authority over wolves and these delisting bills must be defeated.
Collette Adkins is Senior Attorney at the Center for Biological Diversity. She received her law degree from the University of Minnesota.
WANT TO ADD YOUR VOICE?
If you're interested in joining the discussion, add your voice to the Comment section below — or consider writing a letter or a longer-form Community Voices commentary. (For more information about Community Voices, email Susan Albright at salbright@minnpost.com.)
After a campaign that seemed to drag on endlessly in the wake of the general election, Jeremy Corbyn has won the Labour Party leadership by a landslide. The most immediate consequence of this has been a surge in membership. Here are some reasons not to get caught up in the tide.
In writing this, I'm going to try not to re-tread old ground. So, for as incisive a summary of why anarchists aren't celebrating Corbyn's win as you're likely to get, have a read of this piece by Red and Black Leeds. Scott Jay's piece here on Libcom is also worth looking at, a good send up of the ever decreasing circles the left leads itself in.
But rather than argue over whether you should hope for Corbyn to be different, I want to consider a different question. Even if you believe that his leadership will be a good thing, that he will stick to his word and deliver improvements, is that any reason to stick all your eggs in one basket and actually join the Labour Party?
Well, no. The most basic reason is that even if you're of a mind to vote for Labour in an election, you don't have to be a party member to do that. But digging deeper, let's go through the main reasons certain elements of the left are urging everyone to get on board now and dismantle them.
The most common trope now that Corbyn is Labour leader is that now ‘the left' has to unite behind him in order to take on the Tories, who after all are ‘the real enemy.'
Who knew the free market didn't exist beyond the Tory party?
The Tories are, of course, laying siege to the working class. They're desperate to push through reforms crippling the ability of workers to take collective action against the bosses, they're slashing jobs, they're stripping away the support some of the most vulnerable people in society rely on, and they're selling off public services for private profit. Just as a start.
But what the Tories are doing is the culmination of over three decades of ruling class assault that begun halfway through the Labour government that preceded Thatcher. It is a counter attack by the forces of capital against the post-war social democratic settlement, and it has accelerated as the working class has gone into retreat.
The point is that the Tories are only one faction involved in this assault. The Liberal Democrats now insist that they were a moderating influence during the years of the coalition, pointing to the acceleration under the Tory majority government as proof, and Vince Cable has come out swinging against the Trade Union Bill. But, of course, they were the first party to support a public sector pay freeze and back in 2010 Cable was a leading proponent of restricting strikes in key public services.
Then of course there's Labour. Not only New Labour, though of course that's a convenient cut off point for party apologists, but ‘old' Labour who just as keenly broke strikes, cut jobs, implemented austerity and attacked the unemployed. And, under Harold Wilson, who made the first attempt to bring in what became Thatcher's anti-strike laws.
All politicians are chameleons in opposition. In power, they're the managers of the state and servants of capital. That's a core function and doesn't change depending on the colour of their rosette.
The most common strawman thrown at anybody critical of electoralism in general but of Corbyn in particular is that all we want to do is sit at home and wait for the revolution.
It hardly needs saying that this is a woeful misrepresentation of anarchist and revolutionary thought. Do you really believe we think a revolution will pop up spontaneously like a surprise fart? But it ignores the fact that many people can't afford to wait for a general election either.
Now, the left in Labour won't simply be waiting for the election – they'll be building for it by knocking doors, persuading more people to vote, turning up to constituency meetings, perhaps trying to de-select right-wing candidates, and so on. But none of this has a concrete effect until a vote comes and maybe Labour win, and maybe they're not as bad as the Tories, but they still run the state and keep capitalism healthy.
On the other hand, the work that anarchists advocate can have concrete effects now. Whether it's on as small a scale as winning one worker back stolen wages, or as significant as a whole workforce winning the living wage, it's a concrete gain in the present. That's where improvements in people's lives come from: forcing businesses to stop using workfare, taking on unscrupulous landlords, helping claimants fight benefit sanctions.
Nor are these victories limited to those directly involved. They give workers confidence to take on new battles, they put the bosses on the back foot, and they create the upward pressure that can force social change.
That's the campaigning and organising we need to do. Not to get one faction of the state in power at the expense of another, but to force concessions from the state and capital no matter who's in charge.
One of the supposedly the strongest reasons for having faith in the Labour Party is the trade union link. Not only the fact that the party was founded by the unions, but that it maintains a connection to a majority of organised workers through the affiliation of major modern trade unions.
However, Labour wasn't founded by organised workers but specifically by the union bureaucracy. That is, by that layer of the trade union movement which acts as a buffer between the workers and the bosses, and whose role is to moderate class anger in favour of compromise and accommodation. From the very start, its relation to militant rank-and-file workers was spelled out by Liberal Prime Minister David Lloyd George's observation that “the [parliamentary] Socialist is the best policeman for the syndicalist.”
His job is to sell Labour's interests to you, not yours to Labour
In practice, we can see this in the collaboration of the Trades Union Congress with the public sector wage freeze imposed by the 1945 Labour government. In that period, when Labour was waging war on the dockers, 90% of strikes were unofficial because the TUC was actively suppressing official action to the benefit of the Attlee regime.
The TUC also tried to suppress strike action during World War Two, committed as it was to help the national unity government maintain productivity for the war effort.
More recently, we can see the role the Labour link to the trade unions plays with opposition to strike action when it might embarrass Labour or, heaven forbid, when Labour is the bosses. When Labour is in opposition, the call is to just wait until Labour are in power because then it will all be better. When Labour is in power, then of course resistance is utterly beyond the pale.
Now that Corbyn is leader, Mark Serwotka has said that he won't rule out the PCS union affiliating in the future. Others in the union are more forward, calling for it to be debated at next year's Conference. They would do well to remember that the reason for all of the above is the same reason that PCS stood alone when Tony Blair implemented five years of job cuts that dwarfed those in the following five years of Tory-led coalition: the link between the unions and Labour is nothing less than a millstone around the neck of organised workers.
Many of those socialists who supported Jeremy Corbyn's leadership campaign and who support involvement in the Labour Party argue that him winning the leadership, and even possibly winning the general election, would just be the start. To ensure that he was able to follow through on his promises, and to defend against attacks from both the Tories and the right wing of Labour, the party would need to become a movement. Corbyn himself endorses this approach.
#JezWeCan
Over in the US Bernie Sanders, the Democratic Party senator campaigning to be a presidential candidate, made a similar point: “The biggest mistake that Barack Obama made was essentially to tell his supporters, ‘Thank you very much for electing me, I'll take it from here.' I will not make that mistake.”
The first problem with this analysis is that it doesn't quite fit the facts. Organizing for America, the grassroots campaign that saw him elected on a ticket of ‘hope' and ‘change', evolved into Organizing for Action. It wasn't abandoned after the election victories and it didn't evaporate – rather it was heavily stage managed to set the agenda for the president in local communities across the country. But therein lies the problem; far from the (massively naïve, it must be said) social democratic ideal of a politician who serves the people with a grassroots movement at his back, that movement was harnessed to serve the politician on issues of his choosing. And sure, they promoted relatively progressive issues, but they were a safe distance from any risk of criticising Obama when he needed criticising.
Even if not as tightly controlled as OFA, any grassroots movement built around getting a specific person or party into power is always at risk of simply being harnessed by them in order to serve their own ends. This is doubly the case when said person or party faces attacks and character assassination from the other side.
So grassroots Corbynism will almost inevitably get bogged down in an almost knee-jerk defence of Corbyn's person and policies based not on their merit but on the simple fact that the right wing hates them. Much as Obama's grassroots expended their energies arguing with birthers and tea partiers while the President oversaw the murder of thousands of people via drone strikes, record numbers of deportations, attacks on civil liberties and more besides.
Is it such a stretch to see the left in the UK performing such ideological acrobatics? It already happens to a great degree. The same people who in an effort to get Corbyn elected leader were highly critical of the Labour establishment up to and including Ed Miliband were only a few months earlier denouncing the very same criticisms as unhelpful ultra-leftism when the Labour Party's shot at state power was at stake.
To formalise this tendency into a movement to defend and apologise for Labour no matter what, using the spectre of Toryism as its excuse, can only harm any potential to build the real movement we need. You can hardly put pressure on somebody to act in your interests if you're sheltering them and justifying their actions at every turn.
The strawman anarchist, sitting waiting for the revolution in the minds of social democrats, is a lazy beast. Clearly, doing nothing and expecting that some day everything will come up good requires no effort whatsoever.
But what we really advocate, on the other hand, requires a lot of effort. Organising even on a small scale requires a lot of slow, patient effort, difficult conversations, carefully thought out planning, and ultimately confrontation when you present your demands to the other side. If you lose, it's more difficult next time because people are more reluctant to get involved. If you win, it's more difficult as things escalate to include more people and bigger actions.
Yet this is the bread and butter of revolutionary change: not waving a flag about and shouting slogans, but putting your ideas into practice to show that they work, winning concrete gains and increasing working class confidence in our own collective strength.
How much easier, then, to simply vote for someone else to do it for you? To put no effort into analysing the forces weighed against this actually working? To organise with a recruitment quota and a script rather than under the steam of your own initiative? To when it all fails give it no thought whatsoever except that next time, despite the long dead trail of next times at your back, it will all be different for no reason other than blind, desperate hope?
But there are no short cuts. The liberation of the working class is the task of the working class ourselves, and that means it's a task outside the boundaries of the Labour Party.
[Update: Check out the official costume to see how our guesses fared.]
It's the dawn of a brand-new age for DC Comics fans: Man of Steel has given audiences a modern take on Superman, and Batman is next up for some reinvention. With Batman vs. Superman, director Zack Snyder will attempt to do what no longer seems possible: bring something new to a live-action Batman.
Despite Christopher Nolan's incarnation still being fresh in everyone's mind, Snyder's apparently found a way to do it, with comic book guru Kevin Smith more than elated with the new Batman costume. We think we know what's in store for fans, but let's take a look at a few Batsuits that the filmmakers may be turning to for inspiration.
Here are 5 Batsuits We Might See in Batman vs. Superman.
-
Designed By: Frank Miller
The first Batsuit that has to be addressed is the one concocted by Frank Miller for his landmark "The Dark Knight Returns." Since Snyder chose to unveil that Batman and Superman would come to blows in the Man of Steel sequel - via a famous monologue pulled from Miller's story - many assumed that the film, like the comic book arc, would feature an aging and weary Batman.
Those assumptions were confirmed when Ben Affleck, 41, landed the role of Bruce Wayne/Batman. So will the costume be taking a similar inspiration? The blockier Bat-logo seen in the BvS image revealed at Comic-Con seems to suggest it...
Although Affleck is certainly not as old or worse-for-wear as Miller's Dark Knight, he does possess the size and stature required to do the bulkier look justice - provided he adds some more bulk of his own, of course. Kevin Smith's claim that the costume would be unlike any seen before in live-action makes this one possible, since it adheres to the fabric-only aesthetic of the comic books.
This basic style has since been iterated upon by artist Jim Lee, but the main differences between the two are more than skin-deep; will Affleck's Batman be an older, rougher, utilitarian crimefighter? Or will he embody the sleek, mysterious grace Lee is known for? We'll have more on that later.
-
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view 1K Shares Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
1 Flashpoint
Designed By: Andy Kubert
The Geoff Johns-scribed comic event dubbed "Flashpoint" may have focused on Flash's reality-altering superspeed, but the alternate-reality version of Batman threatened to steal the show from beginning to end.
In the story, the man dubbed 'Batman' by authorities was not Bruce Wayne fighting to avenge the deaths of his mother and father, but Thomas Wayne, driven by the loss of his young son. Understandably, Thomas' antihero was an embodiment of violence and anger that Bruce never approached.
Using glowing red eyes and horned shoulders to become even more terrifying than normal, there are certainly a few cues for the Dark Knight to take for his next big screen appearance. The red eyes and firearms likely wouldn't play with most audiences, but the more utilitarian gear and intimidating style would be a welcome change.
We've made our case for the serious need to make Batman scary again, and now that DC fans have had the chance to see the Flashpoint suit on the page and in motion, we think they'd agree that burning eyes and sharpened shoulders would do the trick.
-
Designed By: Lee Bermejo
Written and illustrated by Lee Bermejo, the comic book Batman: Noel casts Batman into a strange re-imagining of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol," and into a new leather suit. The reinforced leather outfit is not only a step closer to the fabric suits of the comic books, but genuinely distinct from anything Nolan's Dark Knight Trilogy ever attempted.
Reports have already hinted that the new Batman cowl being crafted for Batman vs. Superman bore a strong resemblance to that of "Noel," so why would they stop there? Especially if bright yellow accents are deemed 'impractical.'
Sure, one might argue that leather isn't as effective at stopping bullets as full body armor; but we'd remind casual fans that Batman hasn't survived this long thanks to the clothing he chose.
Besides the fact that the suit looks fantastic, it attempts to cast off the need for a bulky armor (that means the result will bear almost no resemblance to the Batman of the comic books or animated movies). But if Snyder wants to pursue a faithful suit, we say: go even farther.
Image Credit: ArmachamCorp on DeviantArt.
-
Designed By: David Finch
Live-action Batman movies have always featured costumes that reflected the cutting-edge of body armor (or at least a fictionalized version of it) - but in today's world, mobility is just as important as toughness, and fabrics are far more advanced than ever before. If Snyder's team wants to emulate the cloth feel of the comic book while still giving an impression of cutting-edge technology, the "Batman Incorporated" suit is a well-balanced design.
In many ways, this take on the suit is one of the most faithful updates on Batman's look in recent years. With a suit - a grey suit - constructed from material not too dissimilar from Man of Steel's Kryptonian counterpart, and the return of the yellow utility belt and chest badge, it straddles the line between classic and modern like few others, while maintaining consistantcy with the Man of Steel universe.
However, it must be said that the suit owes much of its core design to a preceding look - a look we think fans are most likely to see in live-action...
-
Designed By: Jim Lee
Dozens of artists have made their mark on Batman over the years, but ask a serious fan, and they'll tell you that when Jim Lee touches pencil to paper on a Batman project, the results will usually be staggering. The mixture of raw power, intimidation and a 'less-is-more' mentality makes Lee's design stand above just about every other.
It's this design that we're convinced would elicit the reaction from Smith the director claimed (spontaneously bear-hugging Zack Snyder), since no previous film has stuck to a simple grey suit and slapped it on a musclebound man (or a large actor aided by a silicon muscle suit).
Enormous cape, form-fitting cowl, blunt horns, possibly even artificially-brightened eyes and the freedom to execute martial arts and gymnastics that Bruce Wayne should have mastered? This would bring something genuinely new to a live-action Dark Knight while staying truer than ever to the comic books.
Image Credit: Kotobukiya ARTFX Statue
-
We're merely making educated guesses, but if Snyder has chosen to mimic Jim Lee's design for his new Batman, fans will have the chance to see something they have never before been shown: the Batman from comics and animation adapted completely into the real world.
What are your favorite variants on the standard armor? Are they ones you know you're not likely to see anytime soon? What do you think of our top pick?
If you haven't yet, make sure to check out the following related articles:
_____
Batman vs. Superman will hit theaters on July 17, 2015.
Follow Andrew on Twitter @andrew_dyce.
Hawthorn Football Club has broken its all-time membership record for the 11th consecutive year, surpassing the 75,000 mark for the second time in club history.
CEO Tracey Gaudry thanked the 75,663 members who signed on in 2017, praising the brown and gold family for their ongoing support and loyalty.
“As a club, we are so proud to have such loyal and faithful supporters,” said Gaudry.
“The fact that our brown and gold family continues to grow each year is truly an incredible feat.
“I would like to thank each and every member who has signed on this year. Our proud ‘Family Club' wouldn't be what it is today without your ongoing support.”
Last year the club broke the 75,000 barriers for the first time in its history, finishing the year with 75,351 members.
Visit membership.hawthornfc.com.au for all membership information.
India has called for an urgent action to reform the UN Security Council this year, arguing the most-powerful body of the United Nations itself embodies the undemocratic stranglehold of the privileges of a few, forged by a wartime alliance that no longer exists.
"It is ironical that calls for democracy and the rule of law are being made in a Council that itself embodies the undemocratic stranglehold of the privileges of a few, forged by a wartime alliance that no longer exists," the Indian Ambassador to the UN Ashoke Kumar Mukerji said on Monday. "The logic of democracy and the anguished faces of human suffering across the world call for urgent action to reform the Council. We must do so this year if we are to learn the right lessons from history," Mukerji said in his address to an open meeting of the UN Security Council on Maintenance of International Peace and Security.
India, the world's largest democratic country, top economic and world power is a rightful?claimant to the permanent seat in the UN Security Council. Almost all the veto-wielding members of the UN Security Council, including t United States, Britain, France, Russia and China have supported India's place in this most powerful wing of the United Nations.
In his remarks, Mukerji said the Security Council has taken the lead in referring to the purposes and principles of the Charter while attempting to maintain international peace and security. "It is a matter of concern for us, who are not privileged to sit permanently in the Council that the Council's invocation of these purposes and principles appear selective, to suit the national interests of powerful member states," he said. "The Council's decisions on issues not directly linked with maintaining international peace and security cannot encroach upon the jurisdiction of the General Assembly, where all of us are equally represented," Mukherji said.
What's it like to be dyslexic? To struggle with reading because letters and words seem to have no order? UK-based designer Sam Barclay decided to show people what he's challenged with on a daily basis with a powerful new book. His Kickstarter project, “I Wonder What It's Like to be Dyslexic,” aims to educate people like teachers and parents on what it feels like to be face to face with pages of text from a dyslexic person's perspective.
As Barclay states, “People all over the world struggle with reading for a variety of reasons, including dyslexia, lack of education and an unfamiliar language to name a few. People with reading difficulty are often capable of thinking in ways that others aren't and as a result are capable of true greatness, yet these people are often misunderstood and treated unfairly as a result.”
With 484 backers, the Kickstarter has already reached its goal but it still has 20 days left to go before it's done. Make sure to back this important and eye-opening project.
Kickstarter website
This season, the Mets started working with KinaTrax, a motion-capture technology company designed to track pitcher delivery and bio-mechanics. From what I can gather, the Mets are essentially their guinea pig, as the company sets up for a larger launch next year.
To date, the Brewers and Orioles are the only teams currently spending money on bio-mechanical evaluations on all their pitchers, injury expert Will Carroll told me in August. Of course, that is probably because it is Rick Peterson's company, 3PSports, and, prior to working with the Orioles in his current role, he was the pitching coach in Milwaukee. The Mets also used Peterson's services while he was their pitching coach, but discontinued the relationship after he was fired.
According to people with the company, the Mets were KinaTrax's first MLB partner. They installed cameras around Citi Field and have been tracking pitchers since early summer. The goal is to collect data on how pitcher mechanics impact the game, how they compare from season to season and what that information can say about a pitcher's overall health.
Unfortunately for Matt Harvey, to be useful, the technology requires a baseline of information that can take up to a year to collect. So, there was almost certainly not enough data to identify any potential red flags around their ace's elbow.
KinaTrax has said their data cannot necessarily identify when an injury or breakdown may occur. However, that appears to be their ultimate goal, as they look to build out the technology over time. For instance, as it stands, information isn't available until the next day, which is something they're working to improve.
According to FanGraphs, advance research from PitchFX indicates Harvey was not showing signs of fatigue in the starts leading up to his elbow injury. In talking to experts in sports medicine, it sounds to me like it wouldn't have mattered anyway. By summer, even if Harvey stopped pitching around the All-Star game, got rest and began an extensive rehab program, he would have ended up in this situation eventually. It would only have delayed the inevitable.
There is no guarantee any sort of research or data will matter. It seems to be an inexact science relative to every pitcher's unique situation. I mean, it's not like the Orioles and Brewers stopped seeing arm injuries the minute Peterson started sending his guys to Birmingham. But, it's a start. It's something. And, as a fan growing tired of pitch counts and year-long rehabs, I'm glad to hear the Mets are being proactive and creative in their attempt to protect their pitchers and investment in young arms. Hopefully, it makes a difference, the technology improves and MLB eventually gets this under control.
The Red Pill is a documentary filmed by a woman about men who feel they are now bullied by the gender warriors. The reaction to it suggests they are right.
Sydney University's student union has now defunded a student screening, falsely claiming the film promotes violence against women.
A blog reader responds:
My name is Renee Gorman and I have been organising a screening of the film 'The Red Pill' on Sydney University campus. A few days ago the USU (university of sydney union) contacted me and the clubs involved to say they are banning us from using any union facilities; essentially they are trying to shut us down.
Predictably this has been spread by the media. Miranda Devine wrote a short piece on in the Telegraph and triple J contacted me for comment. The triple J interview resulted in an article with a response from USU saying our event is inciting sexual violence on campus:
Nena Jaye one of the producers of the film has actually commented on this article stating:
"As one of the female producers of The Red Pill, I find USU Honorary Secretary Shannen Potter's statement that 'some of the content in the film is to the point where it's physically threatening for women on practice. There's an implied threat of sexual assault', is not based on any actual content of our film and her remarks are defamatory. My jaw dropped when I read her statement as there certainly is no promotion or discussion of sexual violence against women. The film does briefly discuss a young underaged man who was sexually assaulted by his teacher, but that is it. Our first film, Daddy I Do (2010) which was supported and praised by feminists, women's groups and Planned Parenthood, did look at this most serious issue. Based on her statement, it is highly debatable she had ever watched The Red Pill.
"This film is a compassionate look at the very real and difficult issues men and boys face within our society today. To continue to label our film with ridiculous rubbish such as "anti-women" or promoting "sexual violence" is willful and intentional slander."
I find it very insulting that USU are accusing me of promoting sexual violence on campus. I also feel they have not engaged in any form of discussion with us as they did not contact us before trying to shut us down. And have not replied to any of my emails, rather they continue to make outlandish remarks without any reference to the actual content of the film.
Austrian public broadcaster ORF is accused of faking a TV sequence of migrants helping with the massive flooding in Baden-Württemberg.
The floods across Europe have caused immense damage over this past week, leading to several deaths in the southern German region of Bavaria. In Paris, the floods have raised the Seine river so high that many of the artworks in the Louvre have had to be moved for safe keeping.
There has been a great demand for help across Germany to deal with the flooding but residents of a town in Baden-Württemberg claim that an Austrian TV station has co-opted the disaster to improve the public relations for migrants Junge Freiheit reports.
According to the reports, the Austrian state broadcaster ORF were filming a piece on the flooding in the town of Schwäbisch Gmünd and highlighted several migrants who were volunteering to clean up the mess left by the flooding. The migrants can be seen shoveling mud and debris that has been swept into the town after heavy rainfall.
The city spokesman Markus Herrmann confirmed that the entire TV spot had been staged by the ORF saying that they had requested to specifically film migrants cleaning up. By the time the filming had been done on Friday most of the actual cleanup of the damage which consisted of flooded cellars and houses, had already been cleared by the city's paid employees. The broken furniture and other debris by the roadside, that was included in the footage, was actually left there on purpose by city workers who were planning on collecting it all later.
According to Herrmann, the TV crew had asked to shoot some scenes that showed the results of the clean up initially. Upon hearing that the filmmakers were in town several migrant caregivers decided to try and bring some of the migrants in their care down to the site where they were filming. Herrmann wasn't sure why the ORF made the choice to re-shoot the scenes with migrants but said: “The fact is that real refugees have volunteered for the cleanup. Only that there was previously just no film footage of them.”
ORF has since denied the allegations surrounding the filming and has claimed the camera crew did not belong to them. City mayor Richard Arnold has also declared that the filming did not meet his approval and both he and his deputies had not received any kind of request from the TV crew.
German language media has been the subject of severe criticism over its coverage of the migrant crisis. The term lügenpresse or lying press was popularized as many Germans found the coverage of migrants to be overly positive and the negatives heavily glossed over.
The term gained notoriety after it took German media several days to report on the Cologne New Year's Eve attacks and some say that even the BBC has provided better coverage than most German media.
I still remember the first time I was asked to "consult" on a statistical problem. A former physics professor had some students who had gathered data that should lie along an arc of a theoretical circle. The professor asked if there was a regression technique that could find the center and radius of the circle that best fits the data.
After thinking about the problem, I sent him a method that the students could use to fit a circle to their data. The method differs from an ordinary regression in one important way. In the familiar least squares regression, you minimize the sum of the squares of the vertical distance between the observed Y values and the predicted Y values, where the prediction is a function of observed X values. For fitting a circle to data, you want to minimize the sum of the squares of the radial distances.
I have long since lost the sheet of paper that contained the real data, but the following made-up data is similar to what I remember. The scatter plot at the top of this article shows that the points seem to lie along the arc of a circle.
data Circle; input x y @@; datalines; 2.1 0 1.3 0.1 0.95 0.2 1.7 0 0.1 0.7 0.4 0.45 1.3 0.1 0.6 0.35 1.95 0 2.65 0.05 2.7 0.1 2.95 0.15 1.2 0.1 3.5 0.4 1.5 0.05 1.95 0 3.3 0.3 3.45 0.35 2.3 0 2.15 0 2.05 0 3.15 0.2 1.9 0 3.15 0.25 1.95 0 2.3 0 3.3 0.3 0.05 0.7 2.2 0 3 0.15 ; ods graphics / width=600px height=150px; title "Estimate Center and Radius of Circle That Fits Data" ; proc sgplot data =Circle; scatter x = x y=y; xaxis grid values= ( 0 to 4 by 0.5 ) ; yaxis grid values= ( 0 to 1 by 0.1 ) ; run ;
The goal of this article is to show how find the center and radius of the circle that best fits the data by using an optimization approach. I do not claim to have invented this method, and I'm sure that there are other ways to do this computation.
Defining the objective function
You can define the "circle of best fit" as the circle that minimizes the radial distances between the data and the circle. Consider a circle with radius R and center (x 0 , y 0 ). If {(x 1 , y 1 ), ..., (x n , y n )} are the observed ordered pairs, then the goal is to minimize the following function, which computes the sum of the squared differences between data and the circle:
F(x 0 , y 0 , R) = Σ i [ (x i -x 0 )2 + (y i -y 0 )2 - R2 ]2
You could also insert a square-root sign and compute the difference between R and the distance to the center. My formulation leads to simpler computations of partial derivatives, which I leave as an exercise.
Obviously this function reaches a minimum when the partial derivatives with respect to the parameters vanish. If you set the partial derivative ∂F/∂R equal to zero, you discover that the best-fit circle has a squared radius that is the mean of the squared distances from the data to the center of the circle. In symbols, the optimal R value satisfies
R2 = (1/n) Σ i (x i -x 0 )2 + (y i -y 0 )2.
Thus the problem reduces to a minimization over two parameters. You can use the nonlinear optimization methods in SAS/IML to solve this minimization problem for a given set of data. The following statements define the objective function. (Notice that the GLOBAL statement is used to access the data.) Based on the scatter plot of the data, I provided an initial guess of (x 0 , y 0 ) = (2.5, 5). In previous blog posts, I have used Newton-Raphson optimization (the NLPNRA call) for the optimization, so for a change of pace I will use a trust region method (the NLPTR call) to solve this problem.
proc iml; start ObjF(p) global(x, y); /* x and y are fixed vectors of data */ x0 = p[1]; y0 = p[2]; /* parameters to optimize */ d2 = (x-x0)##2 + (y-y0)##2; /* vector of distances from pts to center */ R2 = mean(d2); /* square of optimal radius */ F = ssq(d2 - R2); /* minimize F = SSQ differences */ return(F); finish; use Circle; read all var {x y}; close Circle; /* read observed data */ p = {2.5 5}; /* initial guess for (x0, y0) */ opt = {0 1}; /* options=(min, print level) */ call nlptr(rc,result,"ObjF", p, opt); /* find optimum (x0, y0) */ x0 = result[1]; y0 = result[2]; R2 = mean( (x-x0)##2 + (y-y0)##2 ); /* compute optimum R##2 */ ParamEst = x0 || y0 || sqrt(R2); print ParamEst[c={"x0" "y0" "R"} label="Parameter Estimates"];
For these data, the circle of the best fit has center (2, 3) and radius 3. The following scatter plot overlays the optimal circle on the data:
As with many nonlinear optimization problems, it is important to use a good starting guess. For the data in this example, the solution seems to be robust to poor initial guesses. However, for some distributions of the data, there might be multiple local optima.
Funimation Films announced on Friday that it will screen the Fairy Tail: Dragon Cry film at 300 U.S. and 12 Canadian theaters this August. The film will screen in Japanese with English subtitles on August 14 and then screen with an English dub on August 16 and August 19. The English dub will also screen on August 17 in Canada only.
The company also streamed an English-dubbed theatrical trailer:
The English dub cast for the film is as follows:
Todd Haberkorn as Natsu
Cherami Leigh as Lucy
Newton Pittman as Gray
Tia Ballard as Happy
Colleen Clinkenbeard as Erza
Erica Mendez as Sonya
J. Michael Tatum as Acnologia
Michael Sinterniklaas as Animus
Jad Saxton as Carla
Bob Carter as Doll
David Wald as Gajeel
Nathan Sharp as Gapri
Morgan Mabry as Hisui
Jim White as Igneel
Brina Palencia as Juvia
Kristi Kang as Levy
Rich Keeling as Patherlily
Cristina Vee as Swan
Brittney Karbowski as Wendy
Ray Chase as Zash
Joel McDonald as Zeref
Tyler Walker is directing the dub and writing the script. Domonique French is the ADR engineer.
Funimation premiered the film in Japanese with English subtitles at Anime Central on May 20. The film opened in Japan on May 12, and earned 53,888,700 yen (about US$474,848) in its first weekend to rank at #10.
Tatsuma Minamikawa (episode director for Aldnoah.Zero, Attack on Titan, Haganai NEXT) directed the film at A-1 Pictures. Shoji Yonemura returned from the previous two television anime series to write the script, Yuuko Yamada (chief animation director for Hakkenden: Eight Dogs of the East, Persona 3 the Movie #3 Falling Down) was the character designer and chief animation director, and Yasuharu Takanashi returned from the previous anime series and Fairy Tail Zero to compose the music. GAGA is distributing the film. The two-member unit Polka Dots performed the film's theme song "What You Are."
The NFL draft is finally behind us. And while I'm sure many of us are happy that the wait for the draft and the three days of the draft itself are finally over, it doesn't mean that were done with our draft coverage and analysis. Far from it. There's still a lot of stuff to analyze and disect, which is exactly what we'll do over the coming days and weeks here on BTB.
One of the things that fell by the wayside in our coverage, but was picked up in the comments section repeatedly, was the fact that all seven Cowboys draft picks were rated fairly high by NFL.com. In fact, NFL.com rated all seven Cowboys draft picks as 2nd to 3rd-round prospects. The NFL.com Draft Tracker assigns grades according to the following criteria:
Grade Title Draft (Round) Description 96-100 Future Hall of Famer Top Pick A once-in-a-generation type prospect who could change how his position is played 85-95 Immediate Starter 1st An impact player with the ability/intangibles to become a Pro Bowl player. Expect to start immediately except in a unique situation (i.e. behind a veteran starter). 70-84 Eventual Starter 2nd-3rd A quality player who will contribute to the team early on and is expected to develop into a starter. A reliable player who brings value to the position.
As seven Cowboys starters received a grade of 70 points or higher, and indication that they are all expected to be eventual starters in the league and carry a 2nd or 3rd-round grade. Here's the rundown of all seven picks:
Round Player Position College NFL.com Grade 1 (31)
Travis Frederick
OG/OC Wisconsin 78.7 2 (47)
Gavin Escobar TE San Diego State 79.0 3 (74)
Terrance Williams WR Baylor 83.6 3 (80)
J.J. Wilcox S Georgia Southern 77.0 4 (114)
B.W. Webb CB William & Mary 74.0 5 (151)
Joseph Randle RB Oklahoma State 80.6 6 (185)
DeVonte Holloman LB South Carolina 70.5
You can dissect these numbers in a lot more detail and compare them to other teams, something the appropriately named BTB-member Crunchberry has already done in the FanPost section, but I'm not going to do that here.
For me, the interesting point here is not so much the grades themselves. There are probably other services and draftsites that have assigned different grades to these prospects, and opinions will differ anyway on the validity of the numbers, regardless of where they're from.
The key here, and perhaps this is the defining characteristic of this draft class, is that the Cowboys have assembled seven football playing dudes here:
All seven guys are rated here as 2nd- or 3rd-round prospects.
All seven players are expected to become starters eventually. Stephen Jones shares NFL.com's assessment: "I don't think any of the guys we got, when we look at them, that they all can't potentially be a starter on our football team. ” This is by no means a guarantee, of course, but they are all believed to have the potential to become starters. Translation: this is not a special teams draft.
” This is by no means a guarantee, of course, but they are all believed to have the potential to become starters. Translation: this is not a special teams draft. Every single one of these players is likely to see a good number of snaps on offense or defense this year. All of these guys provide a skillset that is either in short supply or at risk of injury on the current roster. Purely in terms of number of snaps played in the first year, this draft class has the chance to surpass any draft class since the 2005 class.
The entire draft class did not miss a single game due to injury, suspension or anything else in 2012. In contrast to previous drafts, where the Cowboys took calculated risks on injured players, this may be one of the healthiest draft classes in recent memory.
All of this is of course contingent on the rookies meeting the expectations the Cowboys and the graders at NFL.com had in them, and that is perhaps best summarized by coach Garrett:
The Apple iPhone 6 has finally skyrocketed into the spotlight after a long year of hiding in the shadows. The flagship smartphone was unveiled at the packed out Flint Center for Performing Arts in Apple's home town of Cupertino, California -- and the world went wild.
Still, regardless of whether you love, loathe or are simply laconic about it, one thing's for sure: The Apple iPhone 6 faces some stiff competition.
Since the iPhone 5s and 5c were launched last year the smartphone market has boomed to unprecedented levels. High-end rivals like the LG G3, Sony Xperia Z3 and the Motorola Moto X have muscled onto the market with competitive prices and beefed up specs. In other words, the iPhone 6 is swimming with sharks.
So without any ado to further, how does the iPhone 6 compare to the cool, metallic polish of the HTC One (M8). Let's test their mettle (sorry) and break down the specs to see which one you should buy.
Size and weight
Size wise, the iPhone 6 offers two choices: an ergonomic 4.7in model and a phablet size 5.5in phablet. As such, it comes in two different chassis sizes, too. The smaller version comes in at 137.5 x 67 x 6.9mm, a fair bit bigger than its predecessor, the iPhone 5S, at 123.8 x 58.6 x 7.6mm. If you go for the clunkier 6 Plus, though, you'll be getting a phone that's 7.1mm thick.
The HTC One (M8) meanwhile measures 5in, with a chassis of 146.4 x 70.6 x 9.4mm (w x d x h.) When compared to the smaller model, it's clear that the HTC One (M8) is a lot bigger -- but it is deliberately so. HTC's flagship is designed as a phablet, and that label means the smartphone must boast a phablet sizing. Besides, having had our hands on one ourselves, we can definitely say it won't stretch the palm to breaking point.
In fact, we've become so use to hulking phablet powerhouses like the Xperia Z3 and the LG G3 that 4.7in just seems that bit too small. So like Goldilocks -- compared to the 5in HTC One -- the iPhone 6 is always either too big or too small, and never just right.
Display
Since the LG G3 launched with its eye-poppingly high quality screen, a smartphone's display has fast become the prime indicator of the handset's quality.
The HTC One (M8)'s 5in Super LCD3 screen pleased critics at its unveiling with a head-nodding count resolution of 1.920 x 1080 pixels. Throw on top a pixel per inch count of 441 ppi, and the HTC One (M8) boasts a crisp, clear and sharp display protected by super-strong Gorilla Glass 3. That particular resolution is a real sweet spot at the moment in the smartphone world, with other flagships like Sony's Xperia Z3 also favoring a 1,920 x 1080 pixel count.
That's why it's so strange that the iPhone 6 only has a 1,704 x 960 pixel resolution. Its IPS LCD screen is sharp of course, but the individual pixels might not be as crisp as other flagships on the market. It does have a slightly lower ppi count of 416 too, but to be honest once you get past 400ppi the human eye can't tell the difference anyway.
Overall though, the HTC One (M8) wins out on this round. Of course, if you want to trump for the iPhone 6 Plus, you get the full 1,920 x 1080 pixels (Full HD) screen -- which changes matters completely.
Camera
At its launch, the HTC One (M8) surprised the world with its main camera. HTC has been championing ultrapixels for a while now, and the 4-ultrapixel snapper can record in 1,080p with a 5-megapixel front-facing camera also thrown in for selfies.
The true wow-factor though is the fact a second camera has been placed just above the original one on the back. This means you can do fancy things like switch focus between near and far objects after you've taken a photo using a feature called Ufocus, or there's Foregrouder which allows you to apply filters to near or far objects while leaving others unchanged. It's a bit of a gimmick, but a very fun gimmick nonetheless.
Over in the Apple camp. the iPhone 6 boasts a paltry 8-megapixel camera that can also record video in 1,080p. A 1.2-megapixel front-facing snapper completes the show, and overall it's not bad. However, purely due to the dual-camera function on the HTC One (M8) (we do love a good gimmick), and Apple's low level of megapixels on the iPhone 6, we have to say HTC wins out on this round.
Storage, memory and processor
With the HTC One (M8) being a flagship handset, unsurprisingly enough it has flagship specifications. The quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 used here runs at 2.3GHz and there is 2GB of RAM on board. Internal memory is 16GB but there's only 10.1GB of this free for you once you include all the pre-loaded bloatware. However, all this is expandable with a microSD slot.
The iPhone 6, meanwhile, packs only 1GB of RAM, but has far more internal storage options of either 16, 32, 64 or a whopping 128GB. That means that although it doesn't have a microSD slot (Apple is notorious for never offering expandable storage), if you have the highest model you're not exactly going to need it.
Running the iPhone 6 is an Apple A8 quad-core processor that clocks in at 2GHz. That's only slightly less powerful than the HTC One (M8)'s.
Overall then, the two smartphones are pretty neck and neck, but the iPhone 6 may just edge ahead with the sheer range of on-board storage options available.
Verdict
The HTC One (M8) is one of the most modern, accomplished smartphones we've seen in terms of design. With a fill metal body and elegantly curved edges, it more than matches the iPhone 6. That's a big thing to consider, especially since that Apple has dominated consumer ideals of elegance for years.
Overall, the smartphone's are pretty evenly matched. At the end of the day, it will come down to what you want in a phone. If you are an iOS fan who wants a smaller, lightweight and more ergonomic handset (in the 4.7in option) then the iPhone 6 may be for you.
If you are a phablet fanatic who loves taking pictures and raves about Android, the HTC One (M8) will likely be your bag. With its powerful dual camera and unusual design, the HTC One (M8) has definitely been one of our favorite flagships of 2014.
Published under license from ITProPortal.com, a Net Communities Ltd Publication. All rights reserved.
Many long term families are being forced out of Silicon Valley thanks to rising rental costs. The housing crisis has been extremely hard on children. (Published Thursday, April 21, 2016)
Seventeen-year old Gabriel Trujillo lived in the same two-bedroom Mountain View home his entire life. Every day he came home to his mom, dad, and older brother.
Yet in January 2016, that house was no longer his home. The homeowners told his family the land was being placed for sale and they would need to find another place to rent.
Gabriel's parents paid $1,200 a month for close to two decades. But with the Silicon Valley housing explosion, rents are rapidly rising and the family is now priced out of their neighborhood.
Now, the average price for a two-bedroom in Mountain View is over $3,100.
The Santa Clara County Children's Agenda 2016 Data Book
Photo credit: Courtesy: SCCOE & Kids in Common
A three-month search for housing left the Los Altos High School senior with a lot of questions.
"Are we gonna move far away? Am I going to have to transfer schools? Am I going to lose friends?" Gabriel questioned.
In order to stay together in Mountain View, the family had to separate.
Gabriel now lives at his grandmother's house while his dad lives in a trailer, and his mom rents a room in a mobile home. He visits his mom after school a couple days a week.
"He comes over here on my day off to see me once or two days in a week," said Juana Alvarez, Gabriel's mom. "It's very terrible."
The separation has been hard for Gabriel as well.
"It's definitely been one of the toughest years of my life that I can really say because... it kind of just shook up everything and it was real stressful," Trujillo said. "There's definitely just a lot of tears from the loss of all this stuff."
The Mountain View Tenants Coalition says many long-term families are being forced out of the area. The housing crisis has been extremely hard on children, especially kids whose parents don't speak English.
"Their children are acculturated, they know English, and are often having to translate eviction notices on behalf of their parents," said Evan Ortiz, Mountain View Tenants Coalition spokesperson. "That's not something that's appropriate for a middle schooler or even a high schooler."
Families like Gabriel's now have to struggle to make ends meet or to find affordable places to live. The financial difficulty has already made Gabriel's plans after high school a greater challenge.
"We had more of a solid ground, say if we were still living here, but since that's not there, definitely having to look into scholarships, a lot of funding like FAFSA and stuff of that sort," said Gabriel. "That's why I've said I need to get a job so I can as well find my own living space. So it's definitely put a big impact on a lot of things."
Teen's Mom Shares Her Struggle
Letv is a rather interesting China-based company which has announced three really compelling devices back in April. Interesting enough, all three of these devices are high-end offerings by the company and sport a very sleek look. Letv isn't exactly that well-known for manufacturing smartphones, well, at least not yet. This company was founded back in 2004 by Jia Yueting, and is trying to create the 'Letv Ecosystem' across many platforms. Letv offers internet TV services in China, and is very well-known for it, but the company dabbles in pretty much anything. Smart gadgets, video production electric cards... there are many projects on which the company is currently working on, and manufacturing high-end smartphones has become one of them a couple of months back.
The company has announced Le 1, Le 1 Pro and Le Max smartphones, and all three of them sport 'bezel-less industrial design', as company calls them, though keep in mind that black bars are present around the display. Anyhow, the company has released their first handset to Chinese consumers this week, the L1 Le Superphone, and has managed to sell out more than 200,000 devices within 3 minutes via LeMall. It seems like the company managed to get the attention of consumers in China. LeMall has received over 10 million reservations for Letv-made smartphone according to the report we've received from the company. All three of Letv's smartphones will be available outside of China alter this year, this includes the US as well. These smartphones sport extremely competitive price points thanks to the company's 'crowd-sourcing' model. They have actually gathered input from more than three million people in order to set the price point of the Le Max handset.
The Letv Le 1 sports a 5.5-inch 1080p display, 3GB of RAM and comes in multiple internal storage variants. This device is powered by MediaTek's Helio X10 64-bit octa-core processor and ships with 13 and 5-megapixel camera sensors on its back and front, respectively. Android 5.0 Lollipop comes pre-installed here with the company's EUI skin on top of it. This is a dual-SIM device, and it ships with a 3,000mAh battery. The Le 1 Pro and Le Max are the company's premium offerings, the former one is a smartphone, and the latter one Letv's phablet offering. They both sport QHD displays (5.5 and 6.33-inch ones), 4GB of RAM, are powered by the Snapdragon 810 64-bit octa-core processor, and come in various internal storage variants. Dual-SIM and 4G LTE support are also available here, and both ship with Android 5.0 Lollipop and Letv's EUI skin on top of it. The Le 1 Pro comes sporting a 13-megapixel rear-facing camera, while the Le Max offers a 20.7-megapixel snapper. Both of them feature a 4-megapixel UltraPixel shooters up front.
There you have it. This China-based company intends to bring all three of these devices to a number of countries by the end of this year, and US will certianly be one of those countries. Stay tuned for more info, we'll let you know when something pops up.
We hope you love the products we recommend! Just so you know, Ranker may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication.
Ron Swanson, the bacon-loving, pyramid-touting boss on NBC's hilarious sitcom Parks and Recreation, has GOT to be one of the funniest and most quotable characters ever on television. Looking for the funniest Ron Swanson quotes? You've come to the right place. Nick Offerman's portrayal of the (let's face it) totally moronic Ron Swanson brings big laughs for fans of the show. And if you aren't a fan - become one. Now.
What are some of the funniest Ron Swanson quotes? This list will give you some insight to TV's favorite Libertarian. His quotes about the outdoors, government and of course, his love for all things red meat have made Parks & Rec fans chuckle for years.
Without furtherr ado, we present some nuggets of wisdom from Ron Swanson, via his often disturbing and hysterically funny quotes!
For more fans of small government, here's Ranker user Mr Porcupine's List of Libertarian Celebrities
As the company faces a lawsuit by residents, an assessment by a US oil spill consultancy casts doubt on Shell's estimate of the Nigerian leak
A Shell oil spill on the Niger delta was at least 60 times greater than the company reported at the time, according to unpublished documents obtained by Amnesty International.
According to Shell, the 2008 spill from a faulty weld on a pipeline resulted in 1,640 barrels of oil being spilt into the creeks near the town of Bodo in Ogoniland. The figure was based on an assessment agreed at the time by the company, the government oil spill agency, the Nigerian oil regulator and a representative of the community.
But a previously unpublished assessment, carried out by independent US oil spill consultancy firm Accufacts, suggests that a total of between 103,000 barrels and 311,000 barrels of oil flooded into the Bodo creeks over the period of the leak. Accufacts arrived at the figure following analysis of video footage of the leak taken at the time by local people. This suggested that between one and three barrels of oil were leaking every minute. A similar method was used by spill assessors to gauge the scale of the BP Deepwater spill underwater in the gulf of Mexico in 2010.
"The difference is staggering: even using the lower end of the Accufacts estimate, the volume of oil spilt at Bodo was more than 60 times the volume Shell has repeatedly claimed leaked," said Audrey Gaughran, director of global issues at Amnesty International.
"All oil spill incidents are investigated jointly by communities, regulators, operators and security agencies," said a Shell spokeswoman in London. "The team visits the site of the incident, determines the cause and volume of spilled oil and impact on the environment, and signs off the findings in a report. This is an independent process – communities and regulators are all involved. This is the process that was employed with the two spills in question, and we stand by the findings [of 1,640 barrels]." Shell has argued the community prevented the company being allowed near the pipeline to repair it.
The amount of oil spilled by Shell at Bodo will be key to a high court case expected to be heard in London later in 2012. Shell is being sued by nearly 11,000 Bodo inhabitants, who say their lives were devastated by the spill which destroyed their fishing grounds, caused long-lasting ill health and polluted fresh water sources. The community, represented by the London law firm Leigh Day, is thought to be seeking more than $150m (£93m) to clean up the creeks, which, even four years after the spill, remain coated in oil.
Oil spill compensation in Nigeria is based largely on the amount of oil spilt. But negotiations over the Bodo spill broke down earlier in 2012 in London when the gap between what Shell was offering and what the community wanted could not be bridged. Neither party can agree on when the 40-year-old pipeline started to leak.
In a letter to Amnesty International, Shell wrote: "The court will decide what the volume of the spill was. We suggest you might be better to wait for the authoritative view on the volume of the spill and publish at that stage rather than risk misleading the public with Accufacts estimate."
But this was dismissed by Amnesty's Gaughran: "Even if we use the start date given by Shell, the volume of oil spilt is far greater than Shell recorded. More than three years after the Bodo oil spill, Shell has yet to conduct a proper cleanup or to pay any official compensation to the affected communities. After years of trying to seek justice in Nigeria, the people of Bodo have now taken their claim to the UK courts."
"The evidence of Shell's bad practice in the Niger delta is mounting," said Patrick Naagbanton, co-ordinator of the local oil watch group Centre for Environment, Human Rights and Development (CEHRD). "Shell seems more interested in conducting a PR operation than a cleanup operation. The problem is not going away; and sadly neither is the misery for the people of Bodo."
Amnesty and CEHRD have repeatedly called for an independent process to investigate oil spills in Nigeria, and an end to the system that allows oil companies to have such influence over the process.
• This article was amended on 23 April 2012 to correct the reference to the amount of oil flooding into the Bodo creeks.
BERLIN (Reuters) - German police searching nationwide for a convicted drug dealer who escaped from jail by hiding in a cardboard box to be taken away for recycling plan to issue an international arrest warrant for him.
A Viersen police spokesman said the 37-year-old Turkish national, whose seven-year prison sentence for drug dealing runs to 2011, had escaped from the Willich prison by hiding in a cardboard box about to be picked up by a recycling truck.
“Shortly after the truck that he's riding in got beyond prison walls, he slit open the box and then cut open the truck's tarpaulin to escape,” said Wolfgang Wiese, Viersen police spokesman. “I've never seen anything like this.”
Police have been searching in vain for the fugitive since last week, he said. An international search warrant is being prepared in the event he is not found soon, he added.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Steven Davidson
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Steven Davidson
NEW BERN, N.C. (WNCN) -- A former staff sergeant at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base in Goldsboro has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for receiving child pornography.
Steven C. Davidson, 36, of Pikeville pleaded guilty in January to one count of receipt of child pornography. Following his imprisonment, he will have a lifetime of supervised release, U.S. District Judge Louise W. Flanagan ruled.
Davidson was assigned as an air traffic controller at the base at the time of the offense in 2014.
In November 2014, the Air Force Office of Special Investigations at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base initiated an investigation after a government computer was used to conduct online searches for material related to child exploitation and child pornography
Davidson, who worked as a weapons load crew chief, was identified through his military login credentials. Agents seized four government computers along with a personal computer at his residence. Davidson was found to have received, traded and stored child pornography as 720 images and 30 videos were found.
This case was part of the Project Safe Childhood initiative, a national program aimed at ensuring that criminals exploiting children are effectively prosecuted by making full use of all available law enforcement resources at every level.
A U.S. House member called the National Rifle Association and one of its chief spokeswomen a threat to national security.
Rep. Kathleen Rice, New York Democrat, appeared to be responding to NRA spokeswoman Dana Loesch noting that Philando Castile was in possession of marijuana when police shot the motorist dead. According to her next tweet five minutes later, that makes the NRA a “domestic security threat.”
“I'm just going to say it. #NRA & @DLoesch are quickly becoming domestic security threats under President Trump. We can't ignore that,” Ms. Rice said.
At the time of the tweet Ms. Loesch was appearing on Fox News Channel, and when host Mark Steyn told her of Ms. Rice accusation, a surprised Ms. Loesch called it disappointing that a House member would call defense of the Second Amendment a threat.
She later took to Twitter and posted: “Rephrase: An elected gov't official just labeled me and millions of others ‘domestic security threats.' Wow.”
Noting that Ms. Rice's language mirrors justifications of police-state persecutions, Ms. Loesch asked the congresswoman's Twitter feed directly “will ur secret police wear a certain uniform? I want to know who we should look for when we are all taken into custody.”
Ms. Rice's 4th Congressional District covers the central and southern parts of Nassau County on New York's Long Island.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Yeah, Ask blogs in serious consideration here.
tentatively claim
even if I could like to vector it in 15 minutes.
I am looking into nsfw stuff, just an fyi
I repeat, she is tentatively claimed
universe would be from Dennis the Menace but how it runs, to be determined
Also Ideclare myself a representative of Lycan RD as shown in my work,This is just to avoid any weirdness if I use her for a project, or for someone else's. You can just do whatever if you feel like it with the concept, I just want her as a character to have respect, consistency, and some form of image, not to be the ONLY "wolf" RD and not to fall in a totally generic pile of character interpretations. _____________________________________________________________Wanted to do it sketchy and tried a pencil brush to give it that sketchy feel... yeah no I'll stop thinking I can do that on a computer...Yes she has wings and claws, makes her more awesome :3This is actually based on a sketch in my scraps, maybe I'll do that, but later.Also, as per usual, wings I can handle but any little digits, oh boy.... Anyone has a tutorial for cartoon paws/claws?►Side note-Twi is also involved and I will draw her... eventually.►Side-side note - I am considering serious shipping avoidance, but friend-shipping and daawness are definitely part of this.Influential past work
Earlier this year, the Federal Trade Commission hit Detroit-based watch and accessory maker Shinola with a warning for use of the slogan “Where American Is Made,” which the government body concluded was a misleading claim as to the origins of the brand's watches. The FTC found that, in certain watches, 100 percent of the costs of materials was attributed to imported goods.
This wasn't a huge surprise. The FTC had advised the company in 2015 to drop the slogan, but warnings went unheeded. Granted, the company never claimed its products were “Made in the USA.” And while the origins of other components, like the dials and cases, weren't entirely clear, it has always been known that the quartz movement component inside the watches were sourced from Ronda in Switzerland and assembled in Detroit.
But in a burgeoning segment of small US watch brands, Shinola was a standout for its ubiquity, its success and its plucky, can-do American branding. It advertised itself as a revitalization of not just the dead industry of American watchmaking, but American manufacturing as a whole.
Whether or not you bought into all that, it does illustrate a desire for more American watches. Shinola isn't the only brand to attempt to fill that niche. Companies like RGM, Weiss, Kobold and Vortic to name just a few have popped up and advertised themselves as American to a degree.
But it's far from a full-fledged revitalization. To understand why requires some perspective on how great the American watch industry was, and how far it fell.
Prior to the mid 19th century, Britain and Switzerland made the majority of the world's watches (about 200,000 a year, each, in 1800), but even so, watchmaking was still a cottage industry, with the majority of the work being done by hand. The results were imperfect and generally expensive.
The American watch industry was virtually nonexistent at this time, but in 1850 it came into existence in a very big way. Aaron Lufkin Dennison, a watch repairman often considered “the father of American watchmaking,” started his own watch company, the American Horologe Company (later Waltham) in Roxbury, Massachusetts, with a revolutionary mission to create watches with parts that were so precisely manufactured, via machinery, that they would be interchangeable. Dennison perfected this process over a span of several years.
American brands never quite recovered, and were further hurt by an inability to keep up with consumer tastes; the Swiss built thinner, more attractive wristwatches.
More American companies followed, adopting the same mass-production techniques that Dennison pioneered. Elgin, for example, was founded in the early 1860s and recruited some of its watchmakers from Waltham. American companies by and large created watches that were more affordable, more reliable and more plentiful than their European counterparts. More than 120 American pocket watch companies existed between 1809 and 1968, and Waltham alone made 40 million watches between 1850 and 1957.
At the outbreak of World War II, American production of civilian watches halted, as big American brands like Hamilton, Bulova, Elgin and Waltham started making military-issue watches and other wartime necessities like bomb fuses and aircraft instruments. Meanwhile, Switzerland's neutrality meant it could continue making watches for the civilian market and enjoy an effective monopoly.
Switzerland adopted the same mass production techniques honed by American companies; in the decades following the war, around half of the watches sold worldwide were of Swiss origin . Switzerland's market share grew in the US, too: between 1940 and 1945, exports of Swiss watches to the US doubled from 4 million to 8 million watches and modules. By 1945, a whopping 49 percent of the Swiss watch industry's output was exported to the US, according to Amy Glasmeier's book Manufacturing Time: Global Competition in the Watch Industry.
American brands never quite recovered, and were further hurt by an inability to keep up with consumer tastes — the Swiss built thinner, more attractive wristwatches. By 1969, Hamilton produced the last mechanical watch made in America, the 992B pocket watch. Hamilton's operations fully moved to Switzerland soon after.
With the overseas migration of US watchmaking operations, the resources and infrastructure for manufacturing parts in the United States disappeared. Many formers US watch companies (today foreign-owned) that exist today, like Hamilton and Bulova, are now headquartered and/or do almost all of their manufacturing abroad. Only recently have the aforementioned small brands taken their place; but even they can't be considered fully “American Made.”
Per the FTC's requirements, any product claimed to be US made must be “all or virtually all” made in the USA, and “the product should contain no — or negligible — foreign content.” In the watch industry, this is actually a unique stipulation. For example, a watch to be “Swiss Made,” only about 60 percent of the watch's movement needs to be made from Swiss parts and assembled in Switzerland; the case itself can be made elsewhere, like China, as long as it is inspected and assembled with the movement in Switzerland. Watches with the “Made in Germany” label also don't need to be made from 100 percent German parts.
In an open letter published on Hodinkee in June, Shinola founder Tom Kartsotis opined that the FTC's policies were somewhat unfair. “The regulations governing the ‘Made in the USA' standards create somewhat subjective policies and standards that hinder the ability of any given company to communicate effectively to the consumer the overall effort and scope of what they are manufacturing in America… We found it confusing that a car, for example, isn't held to the same standard as a watch.”
“We're coming back, but at the specialty level — we won't be at Hamilton's level doing thousands and thousands of movements.”
To Kartsotis's credit, manufacturing a watch fully in the US to achieve that “Made in the USA” label is borderline impossible. “In Switzerland and Germany, and Europe in general, because the industry never entirely went away, the foundation for the industry was still there, and all the allied support of companies making all these parts and companies were all still there,” said American watchmaker Roland G. Murphy. “If you wanted, for instance, to start a company in Switzerland…you can rent a building, buy some equipment and put out ads out to people. You have that all right at your doorstep.
“We lost all of that because our industry was gone so long ago… Case makers, dial makers, people who made special machines. All that allied industry is gone. Starting here now, you're basically starting at zero.”
Murphy, who started his own watch company, RGM, in 1992, is one of the very few to start from zero. In 2007, Murphy made available his manually wound, three-hand Caliber 801, his first movement made from the ground up and, by the company's claim, the first American fine mechanical watch movement made in series since Hamilton shuttered production in 1969. Murphy now has his own tourbillon and moonphase movements, as well, made from parts built and finished by hand. All told, these watches are 90 percent comprised of American parts, Murphy says.
RGM produces about 50 to 60 of these pieces per year. “We're coming back, but at the specialty level — we won't be at Hamilton's level doing thousands and thousands of movements,” Murphy said. And he isn't the only US watchmaker to build watches with in-house movements at the specialty level. Watchmaker Keaton P. Myrick has built his own (very) low-volume run of watches that he says are 80 percent comprised of components made by him at his workshop in Sisters, Oregon.
But while Murphy and Myrick pursue American watch manufacturing as a small niche in an already niche industry, L.A.-Based Cameron Weiss — who already places heavy emphasis on his brand's use of American-made cases, dials, and other parts — has tried to restore some semblance of mass production in America by launching Pinion Precision Technology, in addition to his watch brand, Weiss Watch Company.
“I've wanted to manufacture my own movement since I was in watchmaking school. It's a long process; there's been a lot of learning,” said Weiss, who earlier this year unveiled the Pinion CAL 1003. The movement, which shares a lot in common structurally with the ETA/Unitas 6498, is almost entirely built from American-made parts, except for the hairspring and jewels, which come from Switzerland, according to Weiss.
Weiss has big ambitions. He says his company currently has the ability to produce 5,000 movements annually, and he wants to double that number by 2017 in hopes of selling movements to other American companies (Kickstarter brand Vortic is one of the first to utilize it).
“If someone asked me, ‘Where are your watches made?' What country would I say? America.”
This, somewhat ironically, required the rebuilding of the same kind of mass production and tooling processes that American watch companies pioneered decades ago. “It took a while to pick the machines we wanted to invest in. The machine itself is really a base, and from there we need to engineer the process of the manufacturing that will take place on that machine,” Weiss said. He estimates he's currently making about 65 to 75 percent of the American parts himself, while the rest are made from other machinists in the US.
Weiss's latest development was once considered to be unthinkable, which is why it has been met with both awe and strong skepticism within the watch community. (The website for Weiss's manufacturing company, Pinion Precision Technology Company, claims the company is “the only manufacturer able to meet the requirements for the USA Made label.” The FTC declined to comment when asked whether a watchmaker would qualify for the Made in the USA label by building parts to the extent Weiss claims to be.) Regardless, it's a step forward — a movement that makes the possibility of a more homegrown, FTC-approved American watch a possibility.
Will American watchmaking return to its mass-produced former glory? Perhaps not. But attempts to produce American watches have led to unique products and new brands for watch aficionados. And the question remains as to whether a watch needs to be made 100 percent in the US to be considered truly American. “If someone asked me, ‘Where are your watches made?'” said Murphy, “I would say, ‘America.'”
Keith O'Brien is a freelance writer and author of Outside Shot, published in 2013 by St. Martin's Press. Follow him on Twitter at @KeithOB.
As the rally approached, even some Trump supporters were worried about what the campaign seemed to be stirring up. It didn't dampen their excitement, though. The first of them began getting in line outside the arena at 3 a.m.—in the dark, in the middle of the night, 16 hours before their candidate was scheduled to appear. “I'm excited, man,” Jeff Stinnett told me. “I want to see him.” He wanted to see Trump so badly, in fact, that Stinnett, 36, had taken a Greyhound bus all the way from Louisville, Ky., just to be here. And he wasn't the only one traveling from afar. By dawn, people from exurban Naperville and the state capital, Springfield, three hours south, had joined Stinnett in line. They packed peanut butter sandwiches, boarded commuter trains in the dark, and, at least in one case, came all the way from Iowa. “This is my ninth one,” said Travis Klinefelter, who drove his Camry all the way from Dubuque to attend. “So it's no big deal.”
Klinefelter, a 39-year-old nurse, was part of the Trump revolution. He had never caucused in Iowa until this year. And he wasn't worried about all the attention Trump was getting for his stance on the KKK's endorsement or his rhetoric at recent events. “I think he'll tone it down,” Klinefelter said. “It's advertising. He's a businessman. He's got to get the word out.”
But standing outside the arena on Friday morning, he did concede that this event felt different, more urgent maybe, more tense—a tension that made him question whether he should stay home. “I'll admit it,” Klinefelter told me. “I was a little afraid: Should I go?” He—and everyone else in line—had heard reports about a protest in the making in Chicago, and a big one this time. Still, he decided he had to come. “I just wanted to see it,” he said. “I'm not going to let people intimidate me.” And others in line felt the same way. “Keep your heads on a swivel,” John Righeimer told his teenaged son and two other boys in his care for the day, “and stay close to me.” He wasn't missing this. “This is the first time in my life,” Righeimer said, “I actually believe in somebody I'm voting for.”
By mid-afternoon, the line stretched around the block. And by 3 p.m., people began filing through security into the arena, the supporters taking their seats and the protesters doing the same, one next to the other in many cases, while sending updates to those back on campus via text message and apps.
“We're inside…”
“I'm sitting in the stands…”
“By the press. Sec 104…”
“On the floor in the middle…”
The problem now was the march. Rojas, dressed in a red UIC sweatshirt, was late. He couldn't find his sound system, or, briefly, his peacemakers.
“Were you at the meeting last night?” he asked a group of students gathering in a quad increasingly packed with students.
“No,” they replied.
“Sorry,” he said.
Around 4 p.m., two hours before Trump was scheduled to take the stage, the group finally began to materialize. And then Rojas got more bad news.
“Is the plan still to walk?” a school administrator asked him.
Yes, Rojas replied, in a crowded room near the quad.
“Because if you're going to do it, you're going to get stuck.”
A thousand protesters or more, organized by other liberal activists and unaffiliated with the UIC students, had already claimed the corner of Harrison and Racine, chanting and waving signs: “Make America Sane Again.” “The whole corner,” the administrator said, “is packed with people.” And it was worth considering scaling back the march—or something. “It's your call,” the administrator told Rojas.
But there was no turning back now. Iosbaker, the union leader and elder among them, reminded everyone once again that they were marching in peace.
“We're not the police,” he said. “We're not even the people police.”
Then Rojas gave the word.
“It's time to head out,” he said.
***
AS THE marchers made their way west on Harrison Avenue, pushing their way into the crowd and ultimately into the intersection outside the arena, Lewis, Robledo and about three dozen others stood at center stage inside the arena.
“We've got our circle,” Lewis said. And about eight groups of protesters scattered elsewhere in the arena. They were ready.
But the peaceful part of the plan was already getting hard to sustain. Across the arena, a few protesters unaffiliated with the UIC group, had been escorted out, prompting chants of “Trump, Trump, Trump.” Everyone—the protesters and Trump supporters both—had been on their feet for hours, deprived of food and water. Trump supporters were suspicious of the UIC students at center stage, angry that they were occupying prime real estate, and frustrated, at one point, that several latecomers wedged their way in.
“He touched me!” a Trump supporter, five feet from me, shouted at one point, trying to draw attention to the soon-to-be-protesters.
“Be chill,” Lewis said to his group.
“We don't take shit,” the Trump supporter warned.
“Neither do we,” a student replied.
“Respect,” Lewis admonished the student. “Respect.”
“Don't be provoked by this—please,” another, older protester urged the students, whispering. “We'll be thrown out in five minutes.”
Everyone knew the group's cover was blown. And yet, the crowd at the rally remained peaceful, the two sides uneasy, but quietly co-existing.
“If we stay cool,” Lewis said, “they can't do anything.”
And then Trump's campaign made the announcement: The rally was canceled. Trump supporters—some of whom had driven 300 miles to be here—shrieked. Protesters roared in celebration, dropping their charade and whipping out whatever signs they had managed to smuggle inside the arena. And within a minute, Trump supporters at center stage wheeled around to confront the people they believed to be responsible for Trump's decision to cancel: the young, multi-racial protesters.
“You're a fucking loser!” one Trump partisan said again and again, shouting, mere inches from a woman's face.
“A fucking terrorist!” shouted another Trump supporter, turning on a student who appeared to be of Middle Eastern descent.
Even in the din I could hear one Trump partisan chant:
“Runaway slaves! Runaway slaves!”
No one joined him, but no one stopped him either.
“Back up!” Lewis kept shouting to the angry would-be Trump voters—his hands up, palms out, defensive. “Back up!”
Still, they kept coming, surging forward. I got struck in the head with a thrown object, something hard, metal perhaps. Protesters, unaffiliated with the UIC movement, lashed out, pushing back, fighting in skirmishes with willing Trump participants, baiting the violence. And the UIC students, angry to the point of tears, had to be held back from making similar mistakes, until finally the protesters, facing the crowd, linked arms as they had planned, coming together in a circle.
“Stay together!” Lewis urged them, shouting. On their own campus, in their own city, surrounded by police and U.S. Secret Service, none of them felt safe. But there was nowhere to go. For nearly a half an hour, they, and everyone else, was effectively trapped in the arena, two sides of an angry political discourse hemmed in together by concrete walls.
***
CHICAGO POLICE reported no arrests—and no public safety threat, either. And in a statement late Friday, the UIC Police Chief Kevin Booker cited Trump's “abrupt announcement of the cancellation of the event” for causing the bulk of the problems. Even still, Booker noted, authorities were able to clear the arena “with no injuries or arrests.”
Outside, skirmishes continued for a while: more shouting, more pushing, more posturing from both sides. But soon, the Trump supporters, who had waited all day and into the night, drifted away, ceding the streets to the protesters, the UIC students and others, who began to sense the gravity of what had happened.
They had begun four days earlier with nothing. They had hoped that morning just to get inside the arena, maybe just a few of them, and maybe make a dent in the side of Trump's candidacy. And they had started the afternoon with a list of printed, approved chants that Rojas had folded up in his pocket—chants they had come up with the night before. But in the dark, beneath the streetlights after the rally that wasn't, they went off script, chanting something else.
“We stopped Trump! We stopped Trump!”
“You did it,” an older, white protester told Lewis.
But Lewis shook him off. “We did it,” he said, correcting him. “There's no you, there's no I. We did it.”
Tired, and having accounted for the safety all of his people inside the arena, Lewis headed home, leaving Rojas and others to man the megaphone still sitting in the intersection, surrounded by a wall of people.
“Let's march,” Rojas said finally, standing next to Robledo.
And so they did, all of them together, back to campus.
‘This is a symbol or a representative of a vibrant democracy, where more people feel empowered…to put themselves forward as candidates,' Comelec spokesman James Jimenez says after the filing of candidacies for the elections in 2016
Published 8:13 PM, October 16, 2015
MANILA, Philippines – In what is likely a record breaker, 130 people filed their candicacies for president in a festive, sometimes rowdy week-long event in the Commission on Elections (Comelec) headquarters in Intramuros, Manila.
Comelec spokesman James Jimenez announced this final tally of people who filed their certificates of candidacy (COCs) from Monday, October 12, until Friday, October 16:
130 for president
19 for vice president
172 for senator
These candidates include 4 leading contenders – Senator Grace Poe, Vice President Jejomar Binay, former interior secretary Manuel Roxas II, and Senator Miriam Defensor Santiago. (READ: Who is running for president, vice president)
They filed their COCs in an fiesta-like event that included dragon dancers and even men in costumes from the recent popular movie Heneral Luna.
(Watch the video report below)
While he has yet to refer to official data, Jimenez said the number of presidential bets – 130 – is “likely” a record breaker.
Media reports said 99 candidates filed COCs for the 2010 elections. Jimenez said the Comelec allowed only 10 of these candidates, including then senator and now President Benigno Aquino III, to run for the presidency.
‘Symbol of vibrant democracy'
What do these figures say about the Philippines' election system?
Responding to this question in an interview with reporters, Jimenez explained that COC filing “should not be considered a reflection” of the election process.
“I think, rather, that this is a symbol or a representative of a vibrant democracy, where more people feel empowered to cast their vote and to put themselves forward as candidates,” Jimenez said.
He added that “the good thing” about this system is that it is “robust.”
“It has a strong mechanism for cutting down these 130 filers down to the reasonable few. That's the important thing,” he said.
He also clarified that all the 130 COC filers cannot run on election day.
Referring to the number of official candidates, Jimenez said, “We reserve the right to really cut it down to those with a reasonable expectation of victory.”
Only a few of these candidates for president, after all, have been considered serious candidates. These personalities include Poe, Binay, Roxas, and Santiago.
Loose requirements for presidency
Election watchers described most of this week's COC filers, on the other hand, as nuisance bets.
(Watch the video report below)
One of them calls himself Archangel Lucifer. Another says he wants to legalize the 4 seasons of winter, spring, summer, and fall in tropical Philippines.
The Omnibus Election Code defines a nuisance candidate as someone who files a COC “to put the election process in mockery or disrepute or to cause confusion among the voters by the similarity of the names of the registered candidates or by other circumstances or acts which clearly demonstrate that the candidate has no bona fide intention to run for the office for which the certificate of candidacy has been filed, and thus prevent a faithful determination of the true will of the electorate.”
The Comelec is set to screen the nuisance bets in the next few weeks.
Many Filipinos want to run for president because of the loose requirements for the highest position in the land.
Article VII, Section 2 of the Philippine Constitution states: “No person may be elected President unless he is a natural-born citizen of the Philippines, a registered voter, able to read and write, at least 40 years of age on the day of the election, and a resident of the Philippines for at least 10 years immediately preceding such election.”
Election reform advocates want stricter requirements to run for president, such as having a college degree, but their proposals have not prospered. – Rappler.com
R3.0 Project Status Update Carl Sassenrath, CTO
REBOL Technologies
3-Nov-2008 21:22 GMT
Article #0377
Main page || Index || Prior Article [0376] || Next Article [0378] || 24 Comments || Send feedback As we move toward the completion of REBOL 3.0 and it's related components, it is time to say a bit more about our progress and plans. For the last few months, the main focus has been on the graphical user interface (GUI), with the objective of creating a GUI system that was powerful, flexible, but remained lean and lightweight. This was no small requirement and has consumed a great deal of my time. In fact, more than any other aspect of the GUI project, reduction of the number of concepts and simplification of each separate concept has taken more time than I had anticipated. As a result of that mind voyage, I have concluded a general rule that: Simplicity is a delicate thing ;
; it must be recognized as an objective worth achieving and maintaining , and
, and simplicity can easily be destroyed , so
, so therefore, it must be guarded with great care. Said another way: simplicity isn't free. In fact, it's more work at the start. Sidenote The merits of that rule apply to more than just software. Look at the last few months of financial market meltdown mainly due to years of using financial instruments that were so complex that no one, not even head executives, understood their true value (or lack thereof) or could properly weigh their associated risks. Now multiply that by ten and you have most modern software systems. Now multiply that by ten and you have the US federal government. In any system, when you build layers upon layers of complexity, the system will ultimately fail, in a huge way, to do the most damage possible. Avoiding that, to whatever degree is possible within our human capabilities, is what drives me. Anyway, regarding the project, good progress was made so that by the end of September, we started a new private group for testing, discussing, improving the GUI. (I did not want a lot of voices at this point, so I intentionally kept the group very small. It will be expanding soon.) During October During the month of October, the project objectives were: To review the basic GUI design/concepts and provide feedback.
To contribute improvements, especially focusing on providing a modern graphical appearance and a standard set of styles (widgets).
To track and fix bugs as necessary.
To increase developer awareness of the project in advance of the next stage. Also included for October was to build a documentation strategy: To produce a new organization of documents based on the new design, for the purposes of educating new developers.
To provide clear and easy-to-understand examples and how-to articles.
To begin explaining the finer points, to enable developers to build more complex types of styles, but within the bounds of the design. And finally, to write a few example reblets, from the GUI point of view and in order to help evaluate the design and to serve as examples: The GUI test control panel (with numerous subpanels, as needed)
A simple submission form, such as that used for contact information.
A super simple REBOL source file browser.
A mini draw program, along the same lines as Sievertsen did in R2, including a few shapes, and controls, as well as undo.
A first pass at a color selector/requestor.
An analog clock as a resizable, setable, getable style. More important than the specific features of any of these reblets is that they provide the opportunity to explore the methodology of the GUI and evaluate its current level of capability. In other words, you cannot complete a good GUI system without using it to do real things. So, we achieved those objectives for October. For November, our main goals are: To expand the GUI group to include more developers.
Discover and resolve various bugs or problems with the GUI or the SVG draw system that it's built on.
Wrap up the first skin that has an acceptable appearance for R3, its developers and their initial reblets.
Finish off the required base GUI styles (widgets), including more of the compound styles (e.g. combo box), standard requestors and the popup mechanism.
To determine documentation priorities, make a list of what's missing, and get those written and published in DocBase.
To add several more example reblets, with increasing features and capabilities.
To get a real reblet running, such as DevBase itself, which will allow us...
To get the source distribution back online and available to interested developers. And, as you may guess, these last two items that are important because not only do they help move R3 toward completion, but they also help us build and improve the tools we need to do so. 24 Comments
Where Did Stink Bugs Come From?
NPMA explains where this pest came from & why they are a concern
If you reside in the Northeast or the Mid-Atlantic regions of the country, you are likely familiar with stink bugs, especially in the fall and spring months. Although stink bugs don't present a health threat to people, the fact that they look to our homes as a winter vacation spot makes them a major nuisance this time of year.
What Are Stink Bugs?
Adults are approximately three-quarters of an inch and brown, gray or dark green in color and are shaped like a shield. They have alternating light bands on the antennae and dark bands on the thin outer edge of the abdomen. The stink glands are located on the underside of the thorax, between the first and second pair of legs.
These pests typically produce a single generation per year, but warm spring and summer conditions could push them to produce two or three generations. During warm months, female stink bugs attach large masses of eggs to the underside of leaves and stems. After hatching, the wingless nymphs go through five immature stages before becoming full-sized, winged adults.
Adult stink bugs are most active from spring as they emerge from their overwintering spots to late fall, seeking shelter from the cold. In many cases, their shelter is also our shelter and homeowners begin to see these pests hanging on curtains, lampshades, screens and other objects inside homes.
Where Did Stink Bugs Come From?
The brown marmorated stink bug, native to Japan, China, Taiwan and South Korea, was first discovered in the United States in eastern Pennsylvania in 1998. Since then, the stink bug has migrated to other states such as: California, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, Washington, D.C. and West Virginia.
In recent years, there have been reported sightings in Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Vermont, Washington, and Wisconsin.
Why Are Stink Bugs A Problem?
Although simply a nuisance pest for homeowners, stink bugs have become a serious problem for the agricultural industry in the United States due to the damage they cause to crops and plants. Stink bugs typically attack apples, peaches, figs, mulberries, citrus fruits, corn, tomatoes, green peppers and persimmons as well as ornamental plants, weeds, soybeans and beans grown for food production. Because they use their piercing and sucking mouthparts to feed on plant juices, they end up damaging the crop permanently. This damage results in a characteristic distortion, referred to as "cat facing," that renders the fruit unmarketable. Some growers have lost their entire crop to these pests and the agricultural industry as a whole has incurred millions of dollars in losses. As an invasive species, the stink bug doesn't have any natural predators and scientists are feverishly working on finding ways to combat this destructive pest.
What Is That Smell?
The problem more familiar to homeowners who encounter this slow-moving, armored-looking pest - is the smell. When handled or disturbed, stink bugs are able to secrete a bad-smelling, bad-tasting fluid from pores on the sides of their bodies. This secretion protects stink bugs from predators .And, to them that's what we are - tissue-wielding, newspaper-swatting, foot stomping predators.
The reason stink bugs end up in our homes is because they are looking for a spot that will keep them safe from harsh winter elements such as rain and snow. Some you see, but many more will manage to hide in attics, basements or other parts of the house.
These stinky visitors will once again make an appearance in the spring as they seek a way outside to find a mate. Preventing them from coming into our homes is the best way to avoid the "ewww, stink bug!" shrieks that emanate from home after home in the spring and fall months.
SUDBURY—A one-time Liberal candidate rejected by Premier Kathleen Wynne for a 2015 byelection says he's not certain he was being offered paid jobs to step aside from the Liberal party's nomination race. “I wasn't sure they were monetary or not,” Andrew Olivier said Friday in the Election Act bribery trial of former Wynne deputy chief of staff Patricia Sorbara and Sudbury Liberal organizer Gerry Lougheed.
Andrew Olivier, shown here arriving to the Sudbury court on Friday, said he "wasn't 100 per cent‎ sure" whether the jobs allegedly offered to him by former Liberal staffers were "monetary or not." ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The two are accused of offering jobs or appointments to Olivier to make way for defecting New Democrat MP Glenn Thibeault, tabbed by Wynne as the best bet to win the Sudbury riding back. Olivier, the Liberal candidate for Sudbury in the 2014 provincial election, had hoped to reprise that role after the ‎surprise resignation of New Democrat MPP Joe Cimino five months into his term, setting the stage for the byelection in February 2015. Lougheed lawyer Michael Lacy put it to Olivier during cross-examination that “he was offered an opportunity to continue to have a role in the party” as opposed to government posts.
Article Continued Below
“I wasn't 100 per cent‎ sure,” Olivier replied. Lacy went back at Olivier, using courtroom television screens to show a transcript of an interview with Ontario Provincial Police investigators in which he was asked if he felt he had been offered rewards or benefits not to exit the nomination race. According to the transcript from the interview about nine days after the alleged offers were made by Sorbara and Lougheed on Dec. 11 and 12 of 2014, Olivier told police “it was an opportunity to be in the party. I had no interest in finding out if these were paid positions.” ‎Lacy also revealed an email memo showing a Sudbury Liberal riding association executive, Andre Bisson, was working behind the scenes to convince the Toronto party hierarchy to have Olivier acclaimed or appointed the byelection candidate before Thibeault came into the picture. “‎I know that he was lobbying for me,” said Olivier.
“It's starting to ring a bell for me now that you're saying it,” he told Lacy. Lacy drew a parallel between Bisson's actions on behalf of Olivier and the later push by Wynne and the central party to have Thibeault acclaimed or appointed as the candidate.
Ex-Wynne deputy chief of staff Patricia Sorbara and Sudbury Liberal organizer Gerry Lougheed are accused of offering jobs or appointments to Olivier to make way for defecting Sudbury New Democrat MP Glenn Thibeault, who Wynne chose as the best bet to win the riding back.
Article Continued Below
“They ‎were lobbying for the very same thing the Liberal party wanted for Mr. Thibeault . . . the very thing you called not democratic.” Sorbara lawyer Brian Greenspan and Lacy have argued the charges against their clients have no merit because Thibeault had decided to accept the premier's official approval as the candidate ‎before the conversations with Lougheed and Sorbara took place. “Wouldn't you agree, sir, he was attempting to soften the blow?” Lacy asked Olivier about the offer from Lougheed. “I didn't know that was his intention,” Olivier replied. In the conversation Olivier held with Lougheed after Thibeault accepted the candidacy, Lougheed said: “The premier wants to talk. They would like to present you options in terms of appointments, jobs, whatever, that you and her and Pat Sorbara could talk about.” A tape of the conversation was replayed in court as the trial began Thursday. Olivier, a mortgage broker who is quadriplegic, tapes some calls and conversations because he cannot take notes. He placed second in the 2014 election as the Liberals lost the riding held for the previous 18 years by veteran Liberal cabinet minister Rick Bartolucci, who is slated to testify next week before Wynne's appearance on Wednesday. Olivier has repeatedly testified that he hoped the party hierarchy could be convinced to hold a nomination race even after he was told by Sorbara, Lougheed and Wynne that Thibeault would be the candidate, based on the premier's power to name candidates under the Liberal constitution. “I thought there was still going to be a (nomination) process,” Olivier said Friday. “In my conversation with the premier I didn't feel there was a concrete decision.” In the byelection — which was won by Thibeault, now Wynne's energy minister — Olivier ran ‎as an independent and placed third. He was relieved after finishing his testimony Friday. “Everybody in that room understands the gravity of what's going on,” Olivier told reporters in the courthouse lobby. If convicted, Sorbara and Lougheed, a funeral homeowner, face maximum penalties of $25,000 fines and two years less a day in jail. New Democrat House leader Gilles Bisson, who made the original complaint to Elections Ontario after Olivier posted accusations on his Facebook page about being bribed out of the race, said the case shows political parties need to have open and contested nomination races — not appointments by party leaders. “This is bad for all of us who are in politics.” The trial resumes Monday, the same day two former top aides to premier Dalton McGuinty are scheduled to go to trial on Criminal Code charges for alleged deletion of documents related to cancelled gas-fired power plants before the 2011 election. Read more: Bribery charges against ex-Wynne staffer, Liberal organizer unfounded, defence says Thibeault will testify in Sudbury byelection bribery trial Kathleen Wynne to testify in Sudbury byelection trial
Read more about:
Sony plans to bring more than 20 playable games to its community-focused PlayStation Experience event in Las Vegas this December, Sony Computer Entertainment announced on the PlayStation Blog. Those titles include upcoming games like Bloodborne, Mortal Kombat X, Destiny's first expansion The Dark Below and Telltale's episodic Game of Thrones.
The company also revealed a partial list of developers who will be in attendance at the show. Interestingly, some of the devs making their way to PlayStation Experience — Capcom and Killzone developer Guerrilla Games — don't have a game on the list of confirmed playable software, which is expected to grow.
The PlayStation Experience event takes place the weekend after Spike is expected to hold its annual video game awards show, which was rebranded VGX for last year's incarnation. It's possible that some PlayStation-related announcements will lead into the Experience event, and that Sony is keeping some titles under wraps for now.
In addition to the 20-plus playable titles, Sony will also have its Project Morpheus virtual reality headset on-hand and promises "something super special" for Hello Games' No Man's Sky.
Here's the initial list of what will be playable at PlayStation Experience on Dec. 6-7.
Battlefield: Hardline
Big Fest
Bloodborne
DC Universe Online - War of the Light Part II and Legends PvE Co-Op Missions
Destiny Expansion 1: The Dark Below
Dragon Ball Xenoverse
Dying Light
Game of Thrones: A Telltale Game Series
Grim Fandango
Helldivers
Journey (PS4)
Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris
Mortal Kombat X
PlanetSide 2
Tales from the Borderlands
Tearaway Unfolded
The Order: 1886
The Tomorrow Children
The Witness
The Unfinished Swan (PS4)
Until Dawn
Tickets for the PlayStation Experience are on sale now. Admission is $50 per day or $90 for a two-day pass, plus fees.
Józef Unrug (German: Joseph von Unruh; 6 October 1884 – 28 February 1973) was a Prussian-born Pole and Polish admiral who helped reestablish Poland's navy after World War I. During the opening stages of World War II, he served as the Polish Navy's commander-in-chief. As a German POW, he refused all German offers to change sides and was incarcerated in several Oflags, including Colditz Castle. He stayed in exile after the war in the United Kingdom, Morocco and France where he died and was buried. In September 2018 he was posthumously promoted in the rank of Admiral of the fleet by the President of Poland. After 45 years his remains, along with those of his wife, Zofia, were exhumed from Montrésor and taken in October 2018 to his final resting place in Gdynia, Poland.
Biography [ edit ]
Józef Michał Hubert Unrug was born in Brandenburg an der Havel into a Polish family of German descent. He was the son of Thaddäus Gustav von Unruh, a Generalmajor in the Prussian Army. After graduating from the gymnasium in Dresden, Unrug completed naval college in 1907 and began his service in the German Navy. During World War I he commanded a U-boat, and was promoted to command the training-submarine half-flotilla.
Career [ edit ]
In 1919, after Poland regained independence, Unrug left Germany and volunteered for the Polish Armed Forces. Soon afterwards, he was transferred to the nascent Polish Navy, where he served as chief of the Hydrographic Division and then as commanding officer of a submarine flotilla. One of the most skilled officers in the Polish Navy, Unrug was quickly promoted to Rear Admiral. Overcoming his limitations in the Polish language, he became Commander of the Fleet of the Polish Navy in 1925.
World War II [ edit ]
During the 1939 invasion of Poland, Unrug executed his plan of strategically withdrawing the Polish Navy's major vessels to the United Kingdom ("Operation Peking"). At the same time, he got all Polish submersibles to lay naval mines in the Bay of Gdańsk ("Plan Worek"). Following that operation, these vessels either escaped to the United Kingdom or sought refuge in neutral countries.
Despite having effectively given up control of Poland's naval vessels, Unrug remained in command of multiple military units, which he tasked with protecting the Polish Corridor from German attacks. On 1 October 1939, however, after both Warsaw and Modlin had capitulated, Admiral Unrug decided that further defence of the isolated Hel Peninsula was pointless, and the following day all units under his command capitulated.
Unrug spent the rest of World War II in various German POW camps, including Fort Srebrna Góra,[1] Oflag II-C in Woldenberg, Oflag XVIII-C in Spittal, Stalag X-B in Sandbostel, Oflag IV-C (Colditz Castle), and finally Oflag VII-A Murnau. In Oflag VII-A Murnau, Unrug was the highest-ranking officer and commander of the Polish soldiers interned there as prisoners of war. The Germans treated Unrug with great respect, on account of him having previously been a German officer, by bringing former Imperial German Navy friends to visit him with the intention of making him switch sides. Unrug responded by refusing to speak German, saying that he had forgotten that language in September 1939. To the irritation of the Germans, Unrug would always insist on having a translator present or communicating in French, when speaking with the Germans, even though he was a native German speaker. Unrug's spirit and unbowed attitude proved to be an inspiration to his fellow prisoners.[2]
Post-war exile [ edit ]
After Poland was taken over by the Soviet Union in 1945, Unrug went to the United Kingdom, where he served with the Polish Navy in the West and took part in its demobilisation. After the Allies withdrew support from the Polish government, Unrug remained in exile, in the United Kingdom, and then moved to France. He died there on 28 February 1973 in the Polish Veterans' care home in Lailly-en-Val near Beaugency, at the age of 88. On 5 March 1973, he was buried in Montrėsor cemetery. In 1976, a stone tablet commemorating Unrug was unveiled in Oksywie. Unrug had specified in his will that he should not be buried on Polish soil until such time as all the remains of his fellow naval officers and men had been recovered from enemy control.
Exhumation and state funeral [ edit ]
On 24 September 2018 Admiral of the fleet Joseph Unrug and his wife, Zofia (died 1980), were exhumed and transferred with a guard of honour at the French port of Brest for reburial in the Polish port of Gdynia, Poland, after a delay of 45 years.[3] A state funeral was held in Oksywie on 2 October 2018 in the presence of Andrzej Duda, the President of Poland among other members of the Polish government and leaders of the Polish Armed Forces. The chief mourner was Christophe Unrug, the admiral's grandson and, by happenstance, the current mayor of Montrésor in France.[4]
In September 2018, Polish President Andrzej Duda had posthumously promoted Rear admiral Joseph Unrug to Admiral of the fleet. The promotion citation was handed to Unrug's family during the funeral at the cemetery.
Honours and awards [ edit ]
Józef Unrug (left)
See also [ edit ]
"I don't know why you girls aren't attracted to me,” he said into the camera. “But I will punish you all for it.”
The next day, on May 24, news headlines said that a young man named Elliot Rodger in Isla Vista, California, drove around stabbing and shooting until six people were dead. He crashed his car and shot himself dead, leaving families to mourn slain loved ones. And he left behind a 137-page autobiographical manifesto and a collection of YouTube videos; in one entitled Retribution, he said to women: “I don't know what you don't see in me. I'm the perfect guy and yet you throw yourselves at these obnoxious men instead of me, the supreme gentleman.”
Misogyny: the hatred of women. It is the emotional atmosphere of a patriarchal society that, like an acidic fog, burns everyone. We breathe it, walk in it, make our lives inside it, forgetting it's there until loud gunfire comes from a man like Rodger, who is now the face of male supremacy. But after he fades from the news, we will still be left with ongoing violence against women. More than three American women a day are killed by a current or former intimate partner. In 2010, 85,593 women were raped in the United States: that's 235 a day, and because rape is markedly underreported, even those numbers are low. Women still contend with a wage gap and a glass ceiling. In the Global South, at least 150 million girls have had their genitals sheared off as a “rite of passage.” Women will still be sex-trafficked. And of course, women are killed before birth; over 90 million were aborted in India and China because parents did not want the burden of a girl.
In the United States, women saw in Rodger's misogynist killing spree an extreme form of the violence they live with every day. The Twitter hashtag #YesAllWomen became a public forum for sharing stories of male violence, spanning from microaggressions to rape. Yet many of us men can't see ourselves in Rodger. Or read the stories of women's fear or anger or hurt without laughing (yes, I heard men laughing about it on the subway) or dismissing it as the hysterics of overly sensitive women. We choose not to listen because if we did, it would destroy our self-image, by showing how women too often see us: as tormentors, oblivious and arrogant, who cause pain they are too scared or tired or too hopeless to even talk about.
Boys Will Be Boys
Why are we killing women? I know, I know. An instant defensive wall rises in the brain. I'm not hurting women, I don't gun them down or rape or harass them. Nor do my boys. It's not all men!
You're right, it's not all men, it's not you. Relax. You're off the hook. It's the Boko Haram or the Black guys on the street corner. No, it's the Puerto Ricans during their annual parade. Maybe the Indian men who left two raped girls hanging dead from a tree? Better yet, it's the medieval Saudis who won't let women drive. Yes, it's always someone else, somewhere else. It will never be you or me.
And yet, every woman I talk to has a story. Every, single one. At Bed-Stuy's Civil Service Café, I asked two women about sexism. One told me of being paid less than her male boss while doing his work. The other said she pretended to be made of steel in order to not be hurt by sexist comments at her job.
Later, a friend told me that while drinking at a male friend's house she blacked out and woke up to find him thrusting inside her. After his orgasm, he got up and asked if his cousin in the next room “could get some too.”
During the New York summer, men's eyes transform into giant tongues licking women up and down. Participating in everyday guy talk is like passing a pair of scissors around, cutting women into pieces — nice tits, look at that ass, good dick sucking lips on that one!
Men say over and over that it's not all men. And yet seemingly every woman has a story of sexism. What are the mechanics of this social blindness? One is simple displacement. Privileged men project their sexism downward and outward to the faraway “Other” who is always more brutal and more savage. In comparison to them, we look like extras from The Bachelor. How can we be sexist? We let you drive and vote!
And then of course there's denial. We minimize the pain our male privilege causes women. Men are trained in, celebrate and have made industries out of violence. Often, pain is visible only if it's physical. Yet bodily harm is one pole on the spectrum of violence and making it the only “real” form of sexism renders invisible the thousand small acts of disrespect and aggression that women endure each day. But again there's that question. How can we be sexist? We didn't leave any marks!
Finally, sexism as an ideological practice “naturalizes” itself with nature and religion. Our dominance is part of the evolutionary order, we hunt, we pursue, we spread our seed, we build and destroy; we lead. Women are weak and emotional. Biology is destiny. Or pick your holy book, the Torah, the Bible, the Koran, all written by men, describing a male god who demands that women obey men. Shocker! Of course it leaves women in the impossible position of “interpreting” religious texts that are hopelessly sexist to eke out a moderate form of devotion.
Sexist ideology and practice are reproduced in institutions. The military, the church, Hollywood, sports, Wall Street, wherever all-male spaces exist or where men dominate and women are tokens, sexism builds and spills over. It recreates us in its image. And it recreates itself in how we imagine ourselves.
No Homo!
Boys, ever feel scared you weren't a man? Ever stand, lonely, on the outside of a circle of men, who laughed with arms slung on each other's shoulders? When did you know that a joke about women was the surest way in?
Remember the crack you made about pussy? How they laughed and brought you into the circle. Once inside, everyone took turns climbing this imagined “woman.” You fucked her brains out, hosed her inner organs with your mighty jizz until they were glazed like porcelain, you came on her face in a total bukkake apocalypse until spent from laughter, you left the circle, knowing you were one of the guys.
If in Marxism the commodity is the basic element of capitalism, we can say that in Feminism, objectification is the core process of patriarchy. The turning of a human being into an object that is a tool for your purpose, who has no agency or feelings of her own, a woman interchangeable with other women or a thing you can destroy is the very discursive engine of patriarchy. And it happens because men are not really “men” but human beings performing a gender role, acting “masculine” by exchanging objectified images of women.
When men brag about fucking women, they're not exactly extolling an authentic connection with another human being. More likely, they're showing off the grade of conquest, her hair, her skin, her body shape. She becomes a trophy we pass around to others. She's an object, and possessing her proves our manhood to ourselves and to other men.
It creates the ugly dynamic of sexual entitlement, in which men believe they are owed women's bodies. And it cuts both ways. Privileged men feel entitled to sex simply because of their wealth, class or racial status. In his manifesto, “My Twisted Life,” Elliot Rodgers — who was half-white and half-Asian — wrote, “How could an inferior, ugly black boy be able to get a white girl and not me? I am beautiful, and I am half white myself. I am descended from British aristocracy. He is descended from slaves. I deserve it more.”
Underprivileged men, who feel too poor, too inexperienced, too ugly, too not enough are often dangerous. They overcompensate by strong-arming women, dominating or abusing them, attempting to control women they fear they can't keep otherwise. And then there is the subset of men who are insecure about their masculinity not because they're broke or ugly or awkward but because they're not really straight. They sublimate their bisexuality into sexist rituals of objectifying women and attacking gays and transgender people, who represent the very desires they repressed in themselves. These insecurities may be why on an Atlanta train in May, a group of men assaulted two transgender women. They taunted and violently attacked the pair, stripping one of the women naked while bystanders filmed the scene but did not intervene.
A Game of Status
The daily control of women is how patriarchy is maintained. On their bruises we map our property. On their silence, we forge our voice. At the core is our need to be a “man” for other men, and a woman is a checker piece we use to play a game of status with other men. And we are desperate to know we're men because at our core, we're never that sure.
There is also a great desire to be free of it. We feel it individually when we are with women we love — romantic partners, yes, but also our family, our friends, our colleagues. Even the most sexist men will defend women they love, because in their compartmentalized minds a special room exists for real relationships that tether them to reality. And we feel it in social movements when, united for a common cause, we want each other's greatness to shine. In the Slut March of 2011, in the gay weddings of our friends and family, we experience glimpses of that post-sexist world. When authentic human connection lets the man-mask come off, our whole inner being becomes real again.
Now if we can take what we know from our personal and public lives and make feminism a goal among men, our vision of the world will change. When the photo of the Indian girls, raped, strangled and hung from a tree is in the news, we will see their male killers in the same way we now think of whites, gathered around the body of a lynched Black man, as people sick with a terrible ideology that transforms their fear into cruelty.
The first step is incredibly simple — LISTEN! Ask the women in your life what their experience of sexism is and as they talk, just shut up. Do you clench up? Do you feel a wall between your mind and her words? Instead of shutting down, use your defense mechanisms as a map to what scares you about their pain and confront it.
Sadly, some men won't listen, and they must be challenged and healed when possible, defeated when not. But the desire to be free of sexism does exist. Leaving the Nostrand subway station the other night, I passed through the turnstile as a man was yelling at a young woman, “Come here sweet thing. Get your ass over here. Got this for you.”
I saw her ducking her head as if dodging rocks, and then a guy in overalls yelled, “Nigga what's wrong with you! Can't see she wants to be left alone.” A circle of us eyed the asshole sexist. “I hate motherfuckers like you,” the man in overalls shouted. “You ain't a man, motherfucker, do that shit to me, come on bitch, say that to me.” The asshole sexist mumbled some Caribbean gibberish and left as we followed him out with our eyes. And then we looked at each other and I swear we all liked what we saw.
I looked at the young woman, quickly jogging up the steps. Did she?
RELATED COVERAGE:
#YesAllWomen, by Alina Mogilyanskaya
'There Was No One For Me To Turn To', by Alina Mogilyanskaya
Explained, by Eleanor J. Bader
Home TV News Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em could return in 2016 Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em could return in 2016
Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em could be set to return to screen next year.
According to a report by The Mirror, stars Michael Crawford and Michele Dotrice have talked about reviving the show, potentially for BBC One's Landmark Sitcom Season.
In an interview, the paper asked Dotrice if she planned to work with Crawford again. The responsed: "Well, I can't really say, but yes. Possibly next year - but I can't really say anything about it."
The BBC confirmed to the paper: "It's one of several shows being considered for BBC One's Landmark Sitcom Season, but nothing is confirmed as yet and none of the original cast has been approached by us."
It is not known whether any revival of Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em would be for a one-off, multiple specials, or a full series. Many sitcoms have been revived in recent years, with mixed results. To The Manor Born returned for a single Christmas special in 2007; Birds Of A Feather has had three brand-new series broadcast by ITV; and following a 2013 Christmas special revival of Open All Hours, a second new series of Still Open All Hours is now filming.
Written by Raymond Allen, Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em originally ran for 22 episodes over three series from 1973 to 1978, following the hapless, disaster-prone Frank Spencer (Crawford), as he met, eventually married, and had a child with with next-door neighbour Betty (Dotrice), much to her mother's horror.
Seemingly unable to complete even the simplest of tasks without bringing chaos, former RAF man Frank was seen ever in search of a job he could keep, and a home set-up he could not destroy.
Crawford, now 73, was famed at the time for his physical comedy capabilities and the wild array of stunts he performed as Spencer. He would go on to international fame in the 1980s, originating the title role in Andrew Lloyd Webber's smash-hit musical The Phantom of the Opera.
Michele Dotrice, meanwhile, married fellow actor Edward Woodward, with whom she has a daughter, Emily. Following his death in 2009, Dotrice, now 67, told the paper: "[Michael] has been a true friend since I lost Edward, he encouraged me to get back to work and it really does give me strength."
She said of the sitcom: "I look on it very fondly. It's wonderful it still goes out on television to a new audience.
"It's like looking at my daughter Emily. She's 32 now and gets totally embarrassed with my outfits, with bunches and everything else."
Michele is currently starring with David Suchet in a new West End production of Oscar Wilde's comedy The Importance of Being Earnest, attracting rave reviews.
In recent years Crawford has also returned to the West End stage, playing the Wizard in Andrew Lloyd Webber's 2011 production of The Wizard of Oz at the London Palladium.
The original series is available now to own in one box set, albeit with a number of cuts.
In the following clip - perhaps the most famous in the show's history - Frank dons a pair of roller-skates.
Share this page
This is America's 'most hated mom' Casey Anthony emerging from hiding to launch a new career - as a photographer.
Daily Mail Online can reveal the pariah mom, 29, has registered a new business, Case Photography, LLC, in West Palm Beach, Florida, where she has been staying with a private detective more than twice her age.
Our exclusive images show the amateur shutterbug taking pictures of buildings and street scenes with her Canon digital SLR camera.
Despite having lived as a virtual recluse since she was sensationally cleared of murdering daughter Caylee in 2011, Anthony seemed remarkably relaxed to be spotted out and about.
'Make sure you get my good side. I'm working here,' she joked, before trying to turn the tables on our photographer by taking pictures of him from her car.
Pariah mom Casey Anthony has filed papers with the Florida Department of State to register a new business, Case Photography, LLC. Our exclusive images show the amateur shutterbug taking pictures of buildings and street scenes with her Canon camera
Anthony has set up blogs, online slideshows and a Facebook page to showcase her work - but is yet to post a single image. Daily Mail Online can reveal the papers have been copied to Facebook page where users have posted threats and abuse
In 2014 Anthony was living as virtual recluse and working as 'a housekeeper, clerk and secretary
Anthony was joined on the day out by veteran private detective Patrick J. McKenna, 67, who was lead investigator on her defense team. She has been staying with McKenna
Twice-divorced McKenna is also famous for unearthing the racist police tape that wrecked the prosecution of OJ Simpson and for helping Kennedy scion William Kennedy Smith beat rape charges
Anthony was joined on the day out by veteran private detective Patrick J. McKenna, 67, who was lead investigator on her defense team.
Twice-divorced McKenna is also famous for unearthing the racist police tape that wrecked the prosecution of OJ Simpson and for helping Kennedy scion William Kennedy Smith beat rape charges.
Anthony's new business is registered to McKenna's $500,000 single-story family house, along with her driving license.
Paperwork lodged with Florida's Division of Corporations reveals she paid $160 to establish it as a limited liability company operating from January 1 onward.
Daily Mail Online can reveal the papers have already been copied to Facebook where users who were outraged by the not guilty verdict have posted threats and abuse, promising to bombard Anthony with nuisance calls.
'We HAVE to harass her so hard she is out of business. reviews on Google, linked in, wherever we can find her,' said one contributor.
'Let the Caylee cards flow in by the millions, phone calls too. might have my 5 yr old say "mommy"/'
Another user wrote: 'Can you imagine hiring a photographer to take your precious baby's photos and she shows up?'
Anthony has also set up blogs, online slideshows and a Facebook page to showcase her portfolio - but is yet to post a single image.
Her interest in photography first emerged during her trial when a psychological assessment listed it as one of her childhood hobbies.
Paperwork lodged with Florida's Division of Corporations reveals she paid $160 to establish it as a limited liability company operating from January 1 onward.
'Make sure you get my good side. I'm working here,' she joked, before trying to turn the tables on our photographer by taking pictures of him from her car with her Canon EOS Rebel T5, which is fitted with an 18-55mm zoom lens
Anthony's new business is registered to McKenna's $500,000 single-story family house, along with her driver's license
She is said to have taken numerous portrait photos of two-year-old Caylee, whose skeletal remains were found in woodland five months after she disappeared in 2008.
Prosecutors accused Anthony of suffocating the toddler with duct tape and dumping her body but a jury cleared her of first degree murder.
Anthony immediately went into hiding but was forced to surface for a March 2013 bankruptcy hearing where it was revealed she owed her former attorney Jose Baez nearly $1 million in legal fees.
Another of her attorneys, Cheney Mason, claimed in July 2014 that Anthony was living as virtual recluse and working as 'a housekeeper, clerk, secretary and stuff like that.'
'She hasn't been freed from her incarceration yet 'cause she can't go out,' he told CNN.
'She can't go to a beauty parlor, she can't go shopping to a department store, she can't go to a restaurant, she can't even go to McDonald's. She can't do anything.'
Rumors of a supposed tell-all TV interview never materialized but a spate of reports and alleged sightings eventually linked Anthony to West Palm Beach.
Daily Mail Online published exclusive photographs in May last year of Anthony going for a run close to McKenna's property.
A photo published by TMZ last week appeared to show her hosting a yard sale at the same house, just a few hundred yards from the waterfront.
McKenna's resume boasts of other well-known clients including Yoko Ono, philanthropist-turned killer John E. du Pont and Gary Giordano, the last person to see missing Robyn Gardner alive in Aruba.
A neighbor told Daily Mail Online: 'Pat is a good guy. He's the best at what he does. If he doesn't want you to find someone, you probably never will,'
Daily Mail Online published exclusive photographs in May last year of Anthony going for a run close to McKenna's property
Unless you've been locked away with no TV, internet or phone for the past year, you'll know Donald Trump has seemingly turned this year's election into a massive (horrifying) circus.
If you ask comedian Aziz Ansari, it's been “riveting” to watch. The “Master of None” star appeared on “The Tonight Show” on Wednesday, where he spoke about the election and Donald Trump, aka the “orange-faced monster.”
In regards to some of Trump's most recent antics, which involved criticism of Khizr Khan and his wife, the parents of a Muslim-American soldier who was killed in Iraq in 2004, Ansari said, “It's like watching WWE wrestling.”
“There's feuds and stuff,” he added. “Right now it's [Trump] and the Khan family. My god, they are destroying him!”
Ansari compared the public quarrel between Trump and the Khan family to the infamous beef between rappers Drake and Meek Mill. (For the record, Drake won.)
“The Khan family is the Drake to Donald Trump's Meek Mill,” the comedian said, before providing his own reenactment of the moment Khan pulled a copy of the Constitution from his pocket to rebut Trump.
You can watch the whole clip above.
Recently, Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minn., announced bold legislation that will limit corporate felons' ability to influence our elections. It's an important step toward undoing the damage of the Supreme Court's five-year-old Citizens United decision and restoring control over our democracy.
Until 2010, this wasn't an issue. Corporations were flat-out prohibited from spending money to influence federal elections — and many states had similar laws. The reasons are obvious. Corporations are an important part of our economy, and the people who work in them have every right to participate in our political processes. But corporations themselves aren't citizens. They can't vote, and aren't part of our political community. And they have immense financial resources that don't have any connection to public support for their political goals.
The Supreme Court saw it differently. In Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, the court said that the law keeping corporations out of our politics violated freedom of speech under the First Amendment.
But the court didn't pause to think about corporate crime. As we've seen since the financial crisis, corporate crime can cause more harm than street crime. Here, however, the fortunes of street criminals and corporate criminals diverge. People convicted of felonies go to prison for years. Corporations charged with felonies usually negotiate a “deferred prosecution agreement,” pay a fine (which comes out of shareholders' money), and then get right back to business. And increasingly, that business includes working the system to change the rules in their favor.
We don't have complete information on how much cash corporate criminals are injecting into our political system, because of weak disclosure laws that allow corporations to spend money directly, or give it to shadowy “dark money” groups, out of the public eye. But we do know some things.
Take the oil giant Chevron. Chevron has a long rap sheet, including environmental and human rights violations. In 2007, it agreed to pay $27 million to settle federal criminal and civil violations stemming from its illegal purchases of Iraqi oil in violation of United Nations sanctions against Saddam Hussein's regime. But from 2007-2012, Chevron spent almost $11 million on political contributions. And last year, Chevron spent an astonishing $3 million to try to tilt an election, not for Congress, or even a state legislature, but a city council.
Or consider Wall Street, whose titans strut the halls of Congress as if they own it. And maybe they do; political spending by Wall Street firms, which stepped up soon after the financial crisis of 2008, gives them extraordinary influence with both political parties. Last year, JPMorgan Chase agreed to settle two criminal charges for violating money laundering rules. It's now being investigated for possible criminal activity involving foreign exchanges. Yet it continues to spend millions of dollars to influence federal and state elections.
We need to put a stop to this, and that's why we applaud Ellison's bill. It provides that corporations with felony records must stay out of federal, state and local elections for six full years.
Some will say that this runs afoul of Citizens United. But Citizens United is based on broad assumptions and generalities, and those assumptions simply don't apply to criminal corporations. Political spending by these criminal corporations presents a special risk of corruption. A corporate culture that disobeys federal criminal law won't hesitate to buy a politician.
This bill won't solve everything that's broken with our campaign finance system. But getting corporate criminals out of our elections is a good start. Three cheers for Representative Ellison and his brave new bill.
Ron Fein is the legal director of Free Speech For People, a national nonpartisan, nonprofit organization that engages in legal advocacy to confront the misuse of the Constitution. Want More Stories Like This? Subscribe to our Thought Leaders Newsletter.
Right now there is much debate over what to do about rising income inequality in America. These discussions too often miss that the key to shared prosperity is to foster wage growth. Pay of the vast majority of Americans has been stuck for decades, even though productivity and earnings at the top are escalating. Americans are working harder, more productively, and with more education than ever, but are treading water, as an enormous and ever-increasing share of income growth goes to corporate profits and executive pay. This is a solvable problem. It can be traced in no small part to policies that have allowed labor standards, business practices, and ideas of fairness to increasingly favor employers at the expense of workers.
That is why the Economic Policy Institute launched Raising America's Pay, a multiyear research and public education initiative to make wage growth an urgent national policy priority. By explaining wage and benefit patterns—and the role of labor market policies and practices in suppressing pay—the initiative is identifying policies that will generate broad-based wage growth. This work is connecting with and supporting civic engagement and community organizing groups working on pay and job quality issues to support their campaigns. Click on the research and events highlighted here to learn what's been happening to Americans' pay and what we can do about it. More on the initiative »
The Bournemouth winger ate nothing but pizza and ice cream when he first moved to the club but Eddie Howe convinced him of the benefits of cooking up a storm in the kitchen and getting in shape
Ryan Fraser's favourite Domino's pizza was the meat feast. He was also partial to a few scoops of ice cream. In fact, Fraser was not too fussy about anything he had to eat until Eddie Howe, Bournemouth's manager, pulled him aside one day. “He said to me: ‘You're not playing for me again until you work all this crap off,'” Fraser says.
Bolton's David Wheater: Chicken parmesan's just not healthy for a player Read more
Older and wiser, Fraser looks back on those early days at Bournemouth with a smile. The fresh-faced teenager who was unable to turn the oven on when he swapped Aberdeen for Bournemouth is now cooking up a storm in the kitchen, 15kg lighter on the scales and, as Arsenal's Héctor Bellerín will testify, making a name for himself as one of the quickest players in the Premier League.
Fraser, or the “wee man”, as the 5ft 4in Scot is known to his team-mates, tormented Bellerín in that thrilling 3-3 draw against Arsenal at the start of the month, having inflicted similar pain on Liverpool in December, when he came off the bench to inspire a remarkable 4-3 victory. The Liverpool match was a seminal moment in Fraser's career – he was man of the match even though he was on the pitch for only 35 minutes – and no one was happier for him than Howe.
“We've been together for four years now and, when I wasn't really fulfilling what we both knew I could do, he could have given up on me, sold me on, or not bothered giving me a new contract before I went to Ipswich,” Fraser says, referring to a loan spell last season. “But it's not just about football with the gaffer. I think we like each other as people. On a morning, we don't shake hands; he always hugs me. I came here when I was young, I didn't have any family down here and I suppose he felt that he'd better look after me.”
Howe's paternal instincts shine through in so many ways, right down to how he addresses Fraser when he does something wrong. “The gaffer calls me ‘wee guy',” Fraser says. “And then when he's annoyed with me he calls me ‘Ryan'. If he calls me Ryan on the training pitch I think: ‘I'd better do something right here.'”
It is easy to see why Howe warms to Fraser, who hopes to continue his impressive form at home against Watford on Saturday. Friendly and generous with his time, there is nothing loud or brash about a 22-year-old who was described by Craig Brown, his manager at Aberdeen, as “son-in-law material”.
“I feel down to earth,” says Fraser, “I am the worst-dressed [at Bournemouth] because I am not on the money that the other lads might be on. But even if I was, then I would still get my jeans from Top Man when they are going to Balmain. I am not flash at all really, never have been. If fans want to talk to me in Tesco, I will. I am a normal person like anyone else. I just play football.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Fraser, far right, was man of the match against Liverpool after coming on as a substitute. Photograph: Eddie Keogh/Reuters
Fraser has changed in one respect, though. By his own admission, he was “quite a mummy's boy” when he arrived in Bournemouth aged 18. Unable to work the dishwasher or make dinner for himself, Fraser found comfort in going out and buying fast food. “Because I couldn't cook, I used to take out a lot,” he says. “I put on a bit of weight and it used to affect my football, so when the gaffer found out, I had to go on a mini boot camp in the season.
“It all stemmed from Aberdeen. I used to have Domino's all the time and ice creams from Baskin Robbins. I think up there … I don't want to sound disrespectful because the standard was good, but it was a lot better down here. I think even if I was eating rubbish up there I could get away with it, whereas down here I got found out straight away. People knew that I wasn't doing the best for my body, which has all changed now.
“Honestly, I can't remember the last time I ate chocolate or had pizza. I eat everything right now. It's boring but you see the benefits of it. I've learned to cook, I've got Lean in 15 cookbooks – I even make my own sauces. If I have lasagne, it will be homemade with the sheets. It's a little bit geekish but I enjoy it.”
Fraser has reaped the rewards. “I'm 70kg now. I reckon I was about 85kg before,” he says. “I look lean now. But back then I had fat cheeks. I wasn't as ripped as footballers are. The thing is, I was still quick, but I couldn't last games. The first 30 minutes I used to be flying, but then you wouldn't see me after it, whereas now I can sustain it until 60-70 minutes. After that I think it's hard for any winger.”
He has much more about him than speed, yet it is Fraser's searing pace that catches the eye for obvious reasons. He is the quickest player in the Bournemouth squad, covering up to 10.4m per second in their tests, and his team‑mates were fascinated to see how he would fare against Bellerín, who is no slouch. Fraser's wonderful solo goal in that game provided the answer.
“Simon Francis was saying before: ‘Put balls in behind Bellerín for ‘wee man' – I want to see the race'. After the goal, Fran had his hands over his face. It's nuts,” says Fraser, shaking his head. “He [Bellerín] is one of the fastest in the league and the world. He had a couple of yards on me, so to catch him just gives me confidence I can do it to every full-back.”
It turns out that speed is in Fraser's DNA. “My mum used to run for Scotland, she was a 100m sprinter. She had to have an operation and didn't come back the same. But if she raced me now, I reckon she'd still be keeping up with me – she's rapid,” says Fraser, who prefers a slightly shorter finishing line. “I like to only run 40-50m. My little legs can't do the 100m!”
Fraser's size has often been cited as a possible weakness. He was turned down by his local team after the family moved back to Scotland from Oman, where his dad, Graeme, worked in the oil industry. “I was about nine or 10 and got rejected by Cove boys' club for being too small,” Fraser says.
He returned a year later, scored a bucketload of goals and was picked up by Aberdeen, where he made his debut at 16 and quickly discovered that defenders did not take too kindly to a teenager that had the ability to make them look stupid. “I've seen footage and, excuse my language here, but I got the shit kicked out of me,” Fraser says.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe calls Jordon Ibe a ‘disappointment' Read more
Fraser was always going to need some time to adapt to life in England, yet in his mind it was “make or break” when he reported back in the summer. He was full of confidence after his season-long loan at Ipswich but needed an early reminder that Bournemouth's style of play was a bit more refined. “I remember the first day I hit a shot from 30 yards and the gaffer was like: ‘What are you doing? We don't do that here!'”
The news that Bournemouth had signed Jordon Ibe, another winger, for £15m from Liverpool in the summer was a blow to Fraser – “I thought that might have killed me a little bit,” he says – and there was a time when his head dropped as he flitted in and out of the squad. Yet Howe kept offering words of encouragement and it was one conversation in particular, during the regular individual feedback sessions that the Bournemouth manager holds with all of his players, that proved to be the turning point.
“We went over a game against Tottenham,” Fraser recalls. “I got on for one minute and there was one time I could have run at Danny Rose. I got the ball and passed it backwards at 0-0, 90th minute. The manager said: ‘What is your thought process?' I said: ‘It's 0-0, the lads have worked hard and I don't want him to tackle me, they go up the pitch and score'.
“The manager said: ‘Why not think about going past him, getting a cross in and an assist to win the game? Or shoot and score?' I was like: ‘All right, yes.' My mindset was not as positive as his and that has changed now. ‘What is the positive outcome, not the negative?' That is basically what I thought in that Liverpool game.”
It is a fascinating insight into the way that Howe thinks and works, highlighting the manager's attention to detail and the sort of time he invests in his players. “I have just read Pep Guardiola's book and I can't believe how similar they are,” Fraser adds. “I can't see so many other coaches doing the things he does but that is also why I think he will go all the way to the top.”
Howe has high hopes for Fraser, too, and told him as much on the pitch at the end of the Liverpool match. “He didn't say: ‘You've done it,'” the player reveals. “He just said: ‘This is your time to kick on because you've got all the confidence in the world now. We can see what you can do.' And ever since then I suppose I have kicked on.”
Deputies found a man who identified himself as “Victor Escalante” snoozing in his 1994 purple Lincoln Town car, which had both the interior lights and music turned on -- along with a bag of cocaine in his lap on Sunday, according to a news release from the Collier County Sheriff's Office.
When a field test confirmed the powdery substance inside the bag was indeed coke, deputies hauled 25-year-old man to the slammer.
A fingerprint at the jail revealed there was a warrant for the man's arrest under the name Sinar Roblero Escalante for leaving the scene of a deadly 2005 traffic crash, the release stated.
Seven years ago Escalante allegedly struck a pickup head-on, crushing to death a 25-year-old man who had been working between the pickup and another vehicle, according to Collier County Sheriff's Office reports.
The victim's wife, who was in the pickup at the time of the accident, reportedly told deputies that Escalante got out of his 1986 Toyota Cressida and came over to where her husband was on the ground and then fled.
Escalante had been able to elude lawmen, who believed he had fled to Mexico, until Sunday.
More FloriDUH
It will take a few years before the technology trickles down to home theaters, but at CinemaCon this year Dolby introduced a new surround sound system called Atmos that promises to create the illusion that sounds are coming from everywhere inside the theater.
Using improved sound rendering algorithms and additional speakers located in the middle of the theater, engineers mixing a soundtrack can more accurately place sound effects in and around the theater. So imagine rain actually sounding like it's pitter-pattering on the roof above you. The new system doesn't require a complete retrofit for theater owners either. An inspection process will determine if the existing speakers have sufficient frequency range and amplification to support the Atmos system. And since it will require a longer mastering process, filmmakers don't necessarily have to opt for creating an Atmos-compatible soundtrack either. The upgraded theaters will simply recreate the illusion of listening to just a 5.1 or 7.1 mix if that's all that's available.
Advertisement
For patrons the improvements should actually go a long way to improving the theater-going experience. Helping to draw them into a movie, and increasing their suspension of disbelief. And since it doesn't sound like upgrades will be expensive, it will hopefully not be an excuse for theater owners to once again raise ticket prices for an Atmos-enhanced screening. But we're not going to hold our breath. [Dolby via The Verge]
Update: Dolby has reached out to us to clarify that the mastering process doesn't actually take that much longer, while the master Atmos mix will be automatically re-rendered in real-time to 5.1 or 7.1 depending on the individual theater's capabilities.
The American Red Cross has made the decision to phase out and decommission its Emergency Communication Response Vehicles (ECRVs), due to changes in technology, as well as a new satellite system and other factors regarding the vehicle fleet. “Retrofitting the decade-old vehicles with new equipment is not a good use of donated funds, as the long-term strategy is to move to more portable systems,” American Red Cross Disaster Services Technology Manager Keith Robertory, KG4UIR, told the ARRL. “This is consistent with the trends in the telecom and technology industries.”
The American Red Cross will be removing the Amateur Radios from the ECRVs as part of the decommissioning process. These radios will either become part of the deployable inventory or provided to the local American Red Cross chapter to build local capacity. Equipment that can be used by the American Red Cross will not be phased out with the vehicle. According to Robertory, every communication capability of the ECRV already exists -- or will soon exist -- as a rapidly deployable kit that can be loaded on any vehicle that is owned or rented by the American Red Cross, providing more flexibility in shaping its response to match the disaster.
“From a radio perspective, the American Red Cross has a variety of different kits for amateur, business and public safety bands covering HF, VHF and UHF with portable radios, mobile units and base stations,” he explained. “Two-way radio remains a valuable tool, providing communications in the initial days or weeks of a disaster, until normal communications is restored. Each American Red Cross chapter should continue with -- and improve -- the relationship with their local Amateur Radio operators. In a disaster, Amateur Radio will be the fastest deployed radio network because operators already live in the impacted communities.”
Robertory called the ECRV operators “the key to the success of the ECRV program through the years,” saying their skills, dedication and flexibility have made the ECRV one of the most visible aspects of the American Red Cross Disaster Technology team. The ability to establish connectivity and communications remains vital to the American Red Cross, and their skills will continue to be needed as the American Red Cross implements new technology strategy and tactics. The commitment and flexibility of technologists -- including radio operators -- is what makes technology on a disaster successful. Building our future path based on the lessons we have learned is important to keep us all successful.”
Radio amateurs who are concerned about how the decommissioning of ECRVs will affect opportunities to serve the American Red Cross can be assured that such opportunities still exist. “This should not be seen as a setback for those radio amateurs who are working with the American Red Cross,” said ARRL Emergency Preparedness Manager Mike Corey, KI1U. “In disaster response, adaptability is critical and keeping up with new technology is essential. This all must be done with a mind toward an effective and efficient response. Amateurs have played an important role in assisting the American Red Cross with their mission and I know we will continue to do so in the future.”
Information about how to purchase these vehicles will be shared at a later date.
This news item originally appeared in the February 20 edition of the ARRL ARES® E-Letter. Click here to subscribe.
The Bombay High Court on Friday asked the Maharashtra government whether proper security measures have been provided to nuclear scientists at their workplace.
A division bench of justices VM Kanade and BP Colabawala directed the government and the department of atomic energy to file their affidavits in two weeks. It was hearing a public interest litigation (PIL), seeking formation of a special investigating team (SIT) to probe the deaths of several nuclear scientists.
The PIL was filed by activist Chetan Kothari, through advocate Ashish Mehta, claiming that India is turning out to be a dangerous place to work for nuclear scientists. His petition states that over the last few years, a number of India's nuclear scientists have been dying under mysterious circumstances and the police are classifying them either as "unexplained" or "suicides".
Justice Kanade said: "Several decades back many scientists had died because they were not provided suits. Does exposure to nuclear radiation cause cancer which then leads to death? We would like to know if proper security measures have been provided to the scientists."
The court further said that if something untoward were to happen in the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) in Trombay, it would impact all the people of Mumbai.
Kothari had sought information under the RTI Act in 2010 from the police and public information office, seeking a list of scientists and employees in BARC who had committed suicide during the last 15 years. He was informed that five employees had killed themselves.
He had sought similar information from Institute of Mathematical Science, Heavy Water Plant, Baroda, and other important departments. He received information and, from the data collected, he is of the view that Indian nuclear scientists have not had an easy time for the past decade.
The petition claimed, "Our prestigious scientific community been plagued by 'suicides' and unexplained deaths but these deaths have mostly been ignored."
The petitioner has pointed out a few media reports and also a few incidents where bodies of scientists were found in suspicious circumstances in 2009 and 2010 but were tagged as suicides and the matters closed.
E3 is just getting started for Capcom! From demos of the recently announced Resident Evil 7 and Dead Rising 4 to live Twitch streams and more, read on for what you can expect to demo and see on the show floor at the Capcom booth (South Hall, Booth #2023)!
Yesterday, we worked with Sony to bring you the terrifying world premiere of the next major game in the Resident Evil series, Resident Evil 7 biohazard, and a look at the new and improved Frank West in Dead Rising 4 during Microsoft's conference, but that's not all we have for you.
Keep an eye out for our Twitch stream, live from the E3 show floor with new content each day, with exclusive developer interviews and gameplay of Resident Evil 7, Monster Hunter Generations, and Ace Attorney, as well as a Street Fighter V showcase and Editor's Tournament! You can also follow us on Twitter and Facebook for all the latest news from Capcom at E3 (and in general) too. And once the day's events have ended, for those of you with a PS4 and PS+, settle in with the Resident Evil 7 Teaser: Beginning Hour demo from PSN to bring the horror home.
Streaming Schedule
Tuesday, June 14
12pm to 1pm - Resident Evil 7 trailer and partial demo playthrough
1pm to 2pm - Monster Hunter Generations demo playthrough from the airship
2pm to 3pm - Ace Attorney: Spirit of Justice demo playthrough with development staff
Wednesday, June 15
10am to 11am - Monster Hunter Generations demo playthrough with development staff
11am to 12pm - Ace Attorney Spirit of Justice behind the scenes stories from development staff and questions from fans
12pm to 1pm - Street Fighter V Cinematic Story mode and Ibuki exhibition matches with Peter "Combofiend" Rosas and Mike "Mike Ross" Ross
Thursday, June 16
10am to 12pm - Street Fighter V Editor's Tournament hosted by Peter and Mike
Games and Demos (South Hall, Booth #2023)
Resident Evil 7 biohazard (PS4, Xbox One, PC; Jan. 24, 2017) – Experience a new generation of fear with Resident Evil 7, announced yesterday at Sony's press conference and available for the very first time at E3! Drawing from the series' roots of atmospheric survival horror, Resident Evil 7 will deliver an unprecedented level of immersion with a first-person perspective, photorealistic graphical style, and ability to play the full game in PlayStation VR mode for PS4. Set in a derelict mansion in rural America, Resident Evil 7 promises to be one of the most terrifying titles ever. Not content to simply have a mansion in-game, we've gone all out with our own plantation grounds at the booth, complete with creepy corridors and a haunting exterior. Due to the nature of the demo at E3, we'll be giving out tickets for specific times, so if you're at the show, head over to the Capcom booth to grab a ticket early. Want to experience Resident Evil 7 from the comfort of your own home? Grab the Resident Evil 7 Teaser: Beginning Hour demo, live now exclusively for PS+ users on PS4.
Dead Rising 4 (Xbox One, Windows 10; Holiday 2016) – Announced yesterday at Microsoft's press conference, you know him, you love him, and he's covered wars, you know – Frank is back! Sixteen years after the zombie outbreak in the original Dead Rising, Frank West returns to Willamette, Colorado, where a new outbreak has overrun the Willamette Memorial Megaplex Mall and surrounding town. Equipped with his wit, his camera, and a whole lot of duct tape, tear up the zombie hordes with a huge number of combo weapons and vehicles, or just tear up the landscape with all-new EXO Suits, giving Frank super strength, incredible firepower, and the ability to rip out part of the world to use as a weapon. Go ahead – combo yourself. Nobody's looking. Oh, and keep an eye out for Frank - I hear he's been investigating the hordes of people at E3.
Monster Hunter Generations (Nintendo 3DS; July 15, 2016) – Get your paws on the latest in the aptly-named series about, well, hunting monsters! Team up with three other hunters to take down a blend of new and returning monsters in the most customizable game in the series to date. Choose from four Hunting Styles that change the way you play, from the traditional Guild Style, to the high-flying Aerial Style, and more. Also, try out the new Hunter Arts, skills that can completely change the tide of battle and the way you use familiar weapons to hunt beasts both great and small. Multiplayer stations will be available, so look for the airship and bring some friends (or meet some new ones) to hunt ferocious monsters!
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Spirit of Justice (Nintendo 3DS; September 2016) – The latest title in the courtroom drama series sees Phoenix Wright traveling to the Kingdom of Khura'in to meet an old friend. While being shown around, tragedy strikes and Ahlbi, Phoenix's tour guide and young monk in training, is accused of murder! Soon finding that Khura'in employs lawyer-less courtrooms, Phoenix jumps in to do what he does best and defend Ahlbi. Using the new Séance Trial mechanic, see the last moments of the victim's life, and find the flaw in Royal priestess Rayfa's insights that will help Phoenix prove Albi's innocence! Packed with clever writing, humorous dialogue, and plenty of puzzles, Spirit of Justice provides an all-new courtroom experience, with the demo being presented in a recreation of a Khura'in courtroom right at our booth!
Street Fighter V (PS4, PC; Full game out now, new DLC out late June 2016) – The upcoming Cinematic Story expansion, “A Shadow Falls,” will be available for play, presenting the first ever cinematic story mode in a Street Fighter game, and bridging the gap between the events of Street Fighter IV and Street Fighter III (which is after IV on the timeline). Casual play for Street Fighter V will also be available throughout the day, with everyone's favorite high-school ninja, Ibuki, playable for the first time. We'll also have tournaments throughout each day on the eSports stage, so if you're looking to sign up for a chance at prizes and glory, make sure you get there early!
In short, be sure to tune in to the Capcom Unity Twitch stream, and look for all the latest news on our Twitter and Facebook! We'll also have a recap and plenty of pictures of the event next week. In the meantime, looking for more about Dead Rising 4? Show Capcom Vancouver some love on their Twitter and Facebook too for all the latest news out of their studio!
Powerhouse centre Konrad Hurrell has today recommitted to the Vodafone Warriors after signing a new contract to the end of the 2018 NRL season.
The 23-year-old, who's in just his fifth season in rugby league, quickly won a reputation as one of the game's most destructive ball runners.
In each of his first three NRL campaigns he has consistently featured among the club's leading try-scorers with 37 tries in just 57 appearances.
While he's sidelined with a knee injury for this weekend's third-round clash against the Parramatta Eels at Mount Smart Stadium (5.00pm kick-off), Hurrell's ecstatic about his deal.
“I'm so happy to be staying with the Vodafone Warriors,” said Hurrell.
“They brought me into rugby league and I'm so pleased I made the change. I'm having fun playing the game, trying to become a better player and being with the boys.
“This is the only club I want to be with. I love it here.”
Vodafone Warriors head coach Andrew McFadden said retaining Hurrell was another critical step in building the club's NRL squad.
“Konrad has a huge role to play for us,” he said.
“We saw how much he developed his game last year and there's still a lot of improvement in him. Koni has made a real impact in the NRL and we know there's a lot more to come.”
Managed by Richard White and Amon Ta'Akimoeaka from Inventus Sports Management, Hurrell was scouted by the Vodafone Warriors from rugby union in 2010 when he was playing for Auckland Grammar School's First XV.
He was an instant success in his one and only season in the NYC, scoring 22 tries in 21 games including a double in the Vodafone Junior Warriors' grand final win in 2011.
In his debut season he finished with 12 tries in 17 appearances, 11 of them in a seven-game streak including a hat-trick against Gold Coast. In 2013 he scored 13 tries in 20 games and 12 in 19 last year.
KONRAD HURRELL
Date of Birth: August 05, 1991
Birthplace: Tofoa, Tonga
Junior Club: Mount Albert Lions
Position: Centre
Height: 183cm
Weight: 105kg
Other Teams: Vodafone Junior Warriors (NYC), Vodafone Warriors (NSW Cup), Auckland Vulcans (NSW Cup)
Rep Honours: 3 Tests for Tonga 2013, World Cup 2013
Club Number: 172
NRL Debut: Vodafone Warriors v Manly, Eden Park, March 04, 2012 (Round 1)
NRL Career: 57 appearances, 2012-2015
NRL Points: 148 (37 tries)
NYC Debut: Vodafone Junior Warriors v Sydney Roosters, Mount Smart Stadium, April 19, 2011 (Round 5)
NYC Career: 21 appearances, 2011
NYC Points: 88 (22 tries)
Secondary School: Auckland Grammar School and Tonga High School
SINGAPORE (THE NEW PAPER) - Two years after the Great Financial Crisis, Mr Michael Tan (not his real name) took his life savings and converted 70 per cent of it into precious metals.
As the world picked through the debris of the post-Lehman era, the 38-year-old liquidated several insurance policies so that he could buy the bullion, never mind the penalty for early withdrawals.
His reason for this radical move?
A deep distrust of the financial system.
"The crisis got me thinking," the private educator said.
"It's not because (the banks) don't do a good job, but if everything is online there's no way it's foolproof compared to your wealth held in your own hands."
These are unsettling times.
A recession looms. Extremist parties are on the ascent globally.
One of the oldest banks in the world is on the brink of collapse in Italy.
A sense of unease is on the rise, but with it, Singapore's safe-haven status has soared.
As investors the world over seek refuge in precious metals, they need somewhere to put all of it, and that somewhere, for many of them, is Singapore.
Commercial vaults on the island have quietly begun to bulge with gold and silver.
Even as the price of gold rose 11 per cent to about US$1,177 (S$1,685) an ounce this year, the amount of gold and silver stored with Malca-Amit in the city-state has jumped some 45 per cent in tonnage in the past year.
The secured logistics company's three facilities in Singapore totalling 1,240 sq m are now about three-quarters full, said the managing director of Malca Amit Singapore, Ariel Kohelet.
At The Safe House, operated by precious metal dealer Silver Bullion, the amount of silver has soared by 130 per cent, or 2.3 million tonnes, on an annualised basis from last year.
The amount of gold stored there has increased by half from last year, or 20,000 troy ounces, according to Gregor Gregersen, founder of Silver Bullion.
Independent secured storage companies like these two are making hay as investors, increasingly wary of the banking system, move their precious metal out of private banks.
Mr Joshua Rotbart, who owns an eponymous business helping customers worldwide to buy, sell, store and transport gold, silver, platinum and palladium, said that 70 per cent of his clients want private storage solutions so they can have direct access to their precious metals.
"They don't want to be subject to the bank's regulations, or the government telling them yes you can, or no you cannot," he said.
TRUST ISSUE
"They want to be able to go to the vault and if needed, take it, or make sure it's there.
"It's a trust issue with the financial system."
Similarly, Mr Gregersen sees increasingly more customers transferring existing precious metals from other vaults outside the country.
Some 90 per cent of these customers are from the West, with half of them from the United States, and the rest from Australia and Europe.
British customers are also increasing in number after Brexit, he said.
While Switzerland was a popular destination for precious metal storage in the past, many Swiss banks and vault operators stopped accepting individual American customers three to four years ago, because of an American law that attempts to curb tax evasion by its citizens.
Singapore and American banks, on the other hand, are more likely to take on US customers.
Meanwhile, another common destination for the glittering metal, Hong Kong, has run up against its own set of challenges.
"Increasingly people are afraid that Hong Kong is ultimately under Chinese control and the one country, two systems (governance framework) is becoming weaker," Mr Gregersen explained.
Throw in the political unrest in the city, and customers are becoming jittery enough to start transferring their precious metals from Hong Kong to Singapore.
"Every location for long-term storage is really losing its appeal for many of the customers," he said.
"Singapore is standing out as a jurisdiction that has been shown to be trustworthy and stable... (and) slowly being recognised as the single best storage place for bullion."
While wealthy families from North America and Europe make up the bulk of those buying and storing physical gold and silver for investment purposes, the trend is starting to take off in South-east Asia as well, said Mr Rotbart.
Requests for large amounts of bullion, reaching as high as US$5 million (S$7.1 million) in one go, started trickling in last year, though he adds that such cases remain in the minority.
"The majority still buy and keep it in their house or office. And they buy as they go, when they have a child or anniversary," he said.
South-east Asians have a history of investing in gemstones, so they are familiar with the concept of storing wealth in tangible assets such as gold.
Mr Tan - who put nearly three-quarters of his liquid assets into gold and silver - said that there are two ways to store bullion: either with Cisco's storage facility, or at home in a safe or hiding spot.
"To steal bullion is not that easy because it's heavy," he said.
He stresses that if one is buying precious metals to avoid exposure to the banking sector, then one should not store them with the banks.
"Because if the banks go bust and get nationalised, everything within it will be taken away - it will not be yours."
But as companies such as Silver Bullion offer innovative services such as peer-to-peer lending backed by precious metals, Singapore-based investors are starting to bring their bullion out of their homes.
"We see customers who bring the gold from home... especially silver which is more bulky, because they want to get a loan for 3 per cent," said Mr Gregersen, who emphasises that Silver Bullion ensures investors have legal ownership of the precious metals stored with the company.
For investors who buy gold and silver bullion, a common concern is having legal ownership of the precious metal in storage, also known as allocated metal.
Under this system, investors normally have serial numbers or identification marks that tie the bars or coins to them, as opposed to unallocated gold or silver that is the property of the bank or vault.
Like many others, Mr So Kai Tong, a 53-year-old private investor, buys gold and silver as a form of insurance.
"You hope that you don't need to use it," he said.
"If (the gold price) reaches US$10,000 (S$14300) an ounce, you know the rest of the world sucks already."
KOLKATA: June 20 was World Wifi Day — an occasion to celebrate speedy, reliable internet connections. India, although a major internet market and the fastest growing now, is a very odd place for such celebration. Average internet speed in India is lower than all other countries in BRICs and lower than most other emerging economies.Plus, wired broadband speeds available to 17 million paying consumers in India are far below what service providers promise when they charge end users for particular data services. A data service package that promises 8 Mbps will typically max out at 5 Mbps (Mbps is megabits per second, a measure of internet speed). Wireless connections are even more patchy.Still worse, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) and consumer advocacy groups haven't made much headway and service providers are ready with a set of arguments. Trai , which will release a consultation paper on promoting WiFi in public places, has a fairly conservative definition of broadband — that download speed should not fall below 512 kbps (kilobits per second; 1Mbps equals 1,000 kbps).The end result: high-paying consumers suffer.In a wired broadband service used at homes, few factors determine performance. First, the contention ratio, a key metric that measures the number of internet users sharing a fixed amount of data capacity or ' bandwidth ' in a location at the same time. If the number of such users is large, the contention ratio will be high and real internet speed low.Second, the latency of a network, a measure of the delay a user experiences when his/her computer tries to access an internet server. If a service provider runs a low latency network, internet speed will be better.Third is per capita spectrum usage/holdings in a country and India's is far below that of Western countries and major emerging economies.In India, a low bandwidth availability country to begin with, wired broadband services typically have high contention ratio and/or high latency. Service providers Bharti Airtel, RCom and BSNL did not reply to ET's queries on internet speed.Bijender Yadav, chief technology & information officer at Sistema Shyam Teleservices, another service provider, told ET data download speeds could fall below contracted levels in case of improper network planning and bandwidth distribution, or if there are glitches in the transmission link between a service provider's internet gateway and the home broadband user's premises.A senior executive of a leading wired broadband service said, on the condition of anonymity, that companies do make certain assumptions.Say, 10 customers are sold 2 Mbps connections, which means 20 Mbps should be available. But the company may provide only 5 Mbps for these 10 customers, assuming not all customers will be using their internet connections heavily at the same time. Therefore, the guaranteed internet speed is not 2 Mbps, but just 500 kbps.Many telco executives ET spoke to said while the contention ratios are high given bandwidth availability, since bandwidth is a "scarce resource" it must be "optimised" to keep prices low for consumers. These executives spoke off record.Consumer advocacy groups are however sceptical of this argument. They say companies are simply maximising data connection sales without offering good network quality."Telcos are selling bandwidth way beyond the optimum capacity of their networks and compromising on speed. Could they have done this if bandwidth was a tangible resource like cars or machines…imagine selling more cars than you've manufactured," asks Hemant Upadhyay, advisor (telecom and IT) at Consumer Voice, a leading telecom consumer group.Consumer groups have recently urged the telecom regulator, Trai, to ensure an app that can continuously monitor bandwidth availability should be in use.Sunil Abraham, executive director of Bengaluru-based research organisation, Centre for Internet and Society, argues Trai must ensure mandatory disclosure of contention ratios by service providers. "If such disclosures become mandatory, home broadband users can buy wired internet connections more judiciously with a better sense of what data speeds to expect from telcos and the possible quality of their experience."Trai did not offer any comment on the call for mandatory disclosure of contention ratios by wired broadband operators.A top executive of a leading operator, speaking off record, dismissed the proposal, saying "it wouldn't make sense to mandate service providers to make such disclosures as contention ratios vary from place to place".Some experts are optimistic that WiFi networks may offer better services to high-paying data consumers. Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and new entrant Reliance Jio Infocomm are deploying WiFi networks.Airtel and Vodafone have also launched WiFi hotspots apps. Jio is slated to do the same after its expected launch later this year.But WiFi in public places hasn't taken off so far. Cumbersome authentication procedures and challenges around monetising services have been hurdles.The speed of internet in the world's fastest growing internet market will likely remain below world average in the near future.
This week, the following events took place: 1. We got a bunch of tips telling us that the Xbox 360 version of Alone in the Dark had turned up on BitTorrent sites. 2. Scandinavian games site GameReactor (The Norwegian edition specifically) were one of the first to review Alone in the Dark. They gave it 3/10. Ouch. However, they then promptly pulled the review, and accusations of shady dealings were levelled against the site by Atari, who said that press copies had only been sent out the day before (the review has since been reinstated, and the 3/10 stands). Odd, seeing as many other European publications also had reviews go live this week, but whatever. 3. German site 4Players reviews the game. Gives it 68%. Then is threatened with legal action by Atari because, yes, Atari had no idea how the site got a copy of the game.
4Players' EIC Jörg Luibl says that Atari's lawyers have accused them of "breaking the law and violating the rights of their client (Atari)", all because 4Players reviewed the game prior to its release, but without using a copy sent to them by Atari. 4Players maintain that, like many other games not sent to them by publishers, they secured a copy via a "trusted dealer". Which could well just be a firendly local GAME manager cracking open his shipment of the game before the street date, it could be point #1 (the leaked copies of the game), who knows.
It's interesting that Atari are so worried about publications securing their own copy of a game. Do they fear that, because these outlets may have received copies of the game "early" (ie from pirated copies), that they're somehow reviewing incomplete code, which could affect their opinion of the game? Maybe. Pessimists could, however, be forgiven for thinking it's a convenient excuse for Atari to attack negative reviews of the only game they're releasing in 2008 that has any chance of making them some money.
UPDATE - Tor-Steinar Nastad Tangedal, from Norwegian site Gamer.no, has contacted us with a similar story. He writes (though without proof we're unable to confirm this):
Slashdot: Alex, we're talking today about open sourcing parts of the code that run the Raspberry Pi, simply the BCM2835 chip. Can you talk a little bit about what that chip does?
Alex: Sure. So the 2835, that's the core system-on-chip, which is comprised essentially, the whole of the Raspberry Pi in a sense, in that you've got on there the ARM, the GPU, and that the various libraries that are used to access that GPU by OpenGL-ES or OpenPG.
Slashdot: And how much closed-source code is actually used to run the Raspberry Pi right now? In other words, how much is not already open source? I think a lot of people are under the misimpression that the Raspberry Pi is an entirely open source project because it is so Linux centric and there's been so much open source involvement.
Alex: Yeah. Certainly we had, I mean, a substantial amount of it is open source. The Linux kernel module, which we use to communicate with the GPU, is fully open-sourced, GPL and BSD licensed. And the -- what we're open sourcing now are the libraries which run on the ARM side, the GL, the GL ES implementation, the OpenVG implantation, VGL, and so on. So really, how the architecture of the video core works is that there is some code that's running on the video core side that is quite proprietary, and that's unlikely to change in the near future, but what we've now been able to do is open up everything which runs on the ARM side. So everything which runs from Linux kernel up is now open source, essentially.
Slashdot: And is there new functionality that will -- either immediately or that you anticipate will -- be opened up by having this, the ARM side of the software stack being open source?
Alex: I think that in the near future it's going to make it a lot easier to get things like native Wayland implementations working because of the EGL implantations being opened up, which allows programmers to implement the Wayland platform requirements using the toolkits which we already have available. I mean, in general, I think it's going to make it much easier to work with the existing open source Linux stack, because quite understandably most people working graphics on Linux, it's all very centric around MESA and Gallium, the existing open source projects. It's very difficult to work with libraries which are closed and which they're constantly adding features to. Well, we've solved that problem now, and hopefully we'll start to see more people porting that technology to use Raspberry Pi.
Slashdot: Now you mentioned the GPL and BSD licenses are used extensively. What license is the new code or anything that's being open sourced now, is it all going be under the GPL?
Alex: It's all 3-clause BSD.
Slashdot: Okay.
Alex: So the reason, so the stuff we use in the kernel module is BCHIQ, which is basically the machinery required to create a layer between the user space graphics driver implementation and the video core. So that's actually dual GPL and BSD, to be friendly to the BSD guys. Now that we've got all the user space stuff also BSD, which is a very, very permissive license, we anticipate it will be very useful to people who are wanting to port -- other people who are working on FreeBSD, NetBSD, Haiku, Plan 9, RISCOS, etc.
Slashdot: Has there been, to your knowledge, much sort of cross pollenization of the existing code that's under that license?
Alex: How do you mean by cross pollenization?
Slashdot: Have any of those projects you just named, have they been interacting with Raspberry Pi developers? You just named several big . . .
Alex: Oh yeah. We have had that to a certain extent, certainly reports on . . . they've been working with us on further developing through the API for doing low-level graphics, they've tried to build, you know, bring up their platforms. We've actually started to see patches reaching the mainline Linux kernel to start to provide platform support for the Raspberry Pi. We have a ways to go there, but that's something we're keen on pushing. I think we'll start to see much more collaboration with those projects with this open-source code. And we've also seen people who've been [hacking] on all the various device drivers, USB in particular. There's a Plan 9 guy, he got pretty far in doing a crash-free implementation implementation of the USB driver, which is going to be interesting to a lot of people because it's currently rather large and difficult to do.
Slashdot: Now, one thing, the term "open source" can mean a lot of things. In what way will this code that you're talking about open sourcing now on the ARM side of the stack be accessible to either developers, other programmers? Is it going to be, say, in a public facing Git repository? Or will it be distributed on request? How will the Raspberry Pi project get that open source goodness out to other people?
Alex: Yeah, totally, fully, 100% OSI, FSF compliant, open source Free Software. So it's available under a BSD license. We have a GitHub repository -- do your standard "Clone it, send your patches," or pull requests or whatever. Exactly what we do regarding opening up the development process, that's always quite difficult for us because when you have people who are contributing in their spare time, working on things, they don't always want to make promises they can't keep. So that's quite difficult too. We have to strike a balance there between talking about what we're actually working on and making sense of people's disappointment.
Slashdot: Now, Alex, Eben Upton basically described you as the project's Linux guru. Is there a team of people involved, both inside and outside Raspberry Pi, in making this open-source release happen? Or how many people are involved?
Alex: There's a small handful who've been involved in this open-source release particularly. I mean, the main issue as with most of these open-sourcing efforts, is, of course, working through all the necessary legals, persuading the people who matter that actually there's not going to be a really big downside for not releasing access. They're not good at giving away valuable IP which is going to downturn market position. So I think most of the work's being done with people like Eben, talking with Broadcom executives. Beyond that, there is a small handful of protocol engineers who then very generously give their time, and they've done the necessary legwork on cleaning up the code and making sure that it's ready for public distribution.
Slashdot: From that, it doesn't sound like you've faced a whole lot of resistance in opening this code. Is that true?
Alex: Well, my understanding is that it's something which has taken a long time. So it's been a slow process, but I think that it's partially due to the way that the video core is structured, whereby most stuff which runs in user space is pretty much just a serialization of your GL request and then it sends it over to the video core. So there's still plenty of stuff on the video core side, which remains private. I think that structure makes it more palatable.
Slashdot: You describe this as a process, and it's obviously got both the actual development work, with the programming, coming up with open-source alternatives to closed-source options in some cases, and the licensing. What is the timeline going forward? Is this announcement, is there going to be a big 'We've open sourced all the ARM stuff" that is going to hit users immediately? If someone has a Raspberry Pi already, will they in the month of December be downloading a patch? What goes on for users from this point? For developers as well, for that matter?
Alex: Okay. Well, the big announcement is going to be on Wednesday, and the GitHub repository will go public and everybody can clone it to their heart's content and get hacking. I would say that there might not be an immediate difference to users. But what we'll see over the next few months is better integration with the open source with its graphics stack.
Slashdot: Okay. What's the most exciting aspect of this?
Alex: Well, for me, I think that this is a major announcement in that this is the first [open-source driven] SOC. Broadcom was the first vendor to fully open source their user space graphics drivers. So I think its a pretty major step for embedded Linux. People have been campaigning for, or begging for, for Mali drivers, the Adreno drivers and so on. So I hope that this is a step that other companies will look at it, they'll see the benefits which we're hoping to accrue over the next few months, and hopefully we'll start to see others following in our footsteps.
Share. As evidenced by the presence of Montana. As evidenced by the presence of Montana.
Long-missing Gearbox Software title Furious 4 eventually became the game we now know as Battleborn.
That's according to president Randy Pitchford, who spoke to IGN at Develop: Brighton about the state of the one-time Brothers in Arms title and why its character Montana can now be found in Battleborn.
Exit Theatre Mode
"So the thing about that… Furious 4 is not a thing anymore, right?" Pitchford says. "Creative development is a trip. The idea that something that started as a Brothers in Arms game through some absurd convolution ended up as Battleborn is evidence of what's possible."
Pitchford told IGN in 2013 that Furious 4 had evolved into a new game. He continued, "But I wouldn't take Montana's existence in Battleborn as being representative as a cameo. Montana really exists only in the Battleborn universe. He never existed in the Brothers in Arms universe, because that game never happened."
In Furious 4, Montana was one of the four Inglourious Basterd-esque heroes tasked with hunting down Nazis. His character was massive and used a huge machine-gun as his weapon. Cut to 2015, and Montana is one of the 25 playable characters in Battleborn. Once again he's a huge man using a machine-gun.
Exit Theatre Mode
Brothers in Arms: Furious 4 was announced back at E3 2011. After a mixed reaction to its different tone, Gearbox opted to remove the Brothers in Arms brand from the game and, since then, not much has been heard about the title. Until now it wasn't clear what was going on with the game - some had suggested it's forming the basis of Gearbox's unannounced new next-gen franchise - but it seems it'll never see the light of day.
Also this week, Pitchford has confirmed a new and "authentic" Brothers in Arms is on the way. For more from the Gearbox chief, keep your eyes on IGN.
Luke Karmali is IGN UK News Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on Twitter.
[/caption]
Chandrayaan-1, India's first unmanned spacecraft mission to moon, successfully entered lunar orbit on November 8. The spacecraft fired its engines to reduce velocity and enable the Moon's gravity to capture it; engines were fired for 817 seconds when Chandrayaan-1 was about 500 km away from the moon. Next up for the spacecraft will be to reduce the height of its lunar orbit to about 100 km. Then, on Nov. 14th or 15th, the Moon Impact Probe (MIP) will be launched, and crash into the Moon's surface (more about the MIP below). If you enjoy watching animations and want to see exactly how the spacecraft attained its lunar orbit, here are a few animations for you:
A simple animation of how the spacecraft went from its spiraling elliptical orbit around Earth to It's now spiraling elliptical orbit around the moon can be found on the India Space Agency's site. (Sorry, the file was too big to insert here.)
Another quite large animation that was created by Doug Ellison (of UnmannedSpaceflight.com) shows how the X-ray Spectrometer aboard Chandrayaan-1 will work. This one takes a long time to download, but the wait is well worth it: the animation is spectacular.
Here's a video that shows an animation of the entire mission; again, some great animation here. Enjoy.
The spacecraft is now orbiting the moon in an elliptical orbit that passes over the polar regions of the moon. The nearest point of this orbit (perigee) lies at a distance of about 504 km from the moon's surface while the farthest point (apogee) lies at about 7502 km. Currently, Chandrayaan-1 takes about 11 hours to orbit the moon.
The MIP carries three instruments:
Radar Altimeter – measures the altitude of the probe during descent and for qualifying technologies for future landing missions.
Video Imaging System – acquires close range images of the surface of the Moon during descent. The video imaging system consists of analog CCD camera.
Mass Spectrometer measures the constituents of lunar atmosphere during descent.
Source: ISRO
Leaders from the Congress and the communist parties met North Korean embassy officials in New Delhi while India criticised the reclusive regime's test of nuclear-capable Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) and called on the world “to hold accountable all those parties that have supported these programmes”.
In a statement released earlier this month, New Delhi had said that these tests “also impacted India's national security” and had called on Pyongyang to exercise restraint amid rising tensions with the United States. North Korea had successfully test fired its first ever ICBM, that can also carry nuclear warheads, on 4 July.
India's criticism was seen as an attempt to target Pakistan and China, who have helped North Korea over the years to develop nuclear weapons and delivery systems. Pakistan is known to have provided North Korea enriched uranium and technical know-how in return for nuclear missile technology in the nineties. India's criticism also comes amid improving relations with the US, which has been mounting pressure on China to help rein in North Korea's nuclear programme.
Advertisement
The Left parties, who are a part of the India-Korea Friendship Association, are at the forefront of the Opposition's outreach to North Korea.
Not long ago, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi had met the Chinese envoy to India amid rising tensions at the Sikkim-Tibet-Bhutan tri-junction. Today, the Communist Party of India - Marxist in its mouthpiece People's Democracy blamed India's growing strategic ties with the US for the deteriorating relations with China and asked New Delhi to “let Bhutan take the lead in negotiating with China on the Doklam Plateau”.
The Opposition, it seems, is bent on taking an approach averse to the one that the government takes in the interest of national security.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Edwin Poots accused Sinn Féin of covering up their 'paedophile-protecting president'
Sinn Féin has described comments about Gerry Adams by Health Minister Edwin Poots as "highly unprofessional".
Mr Poots accused Sinn Féin of being more interested in covering up for their "paedophile-protecting president" than serving their community's needs.
The comments came during a debate over the ban on blood donations from gay men.
The Sinn Féin leader has not responded to the accusations, but his party has said they should be withdrawn.
Mr Adams has been accused of withholding information about his niece's sexual abuse by his brother, Liam Adams, who was found guilty of rape last month.
During the debate, assembly speaker William Hay shouted "order" and warned Mr Poots to be careful with the language he used, reminding him there was a standard of debate.
Mr Poots said he accepted that but added there was a "standard in life that people expect".
"When people are aware of paedophile activities taking place they should report it," he said.
"And the leader of Sinn Féin, the president, was aware and he believed it and he didn't report it.
"So don't come with me seeking withdrawals. You'll not be getting any withdrawal from me on this issue," Mr Poots added.
'Not ministerial'
In response, Sinn Féin's Maeve McLaughlin, told Stormont Today that Mr Poots' approach in the chamber was "highly unprofessional".
"Sinn Féin will be looking very closely at the transcript in relation to coming to a decision around the next steps, but certainly his behaviour today was not ministerial and was not professional," Ms McLaughlin added.
Mr Adams, who resigned as a Stormont MLA in 2010 to stand for election in the Republic of Ireland, was in the Dáil (Irish parliament) when Mr Poots made his remarks.
And welcome to our Arsenal transfer deadline day blog. We kick off with 'news' that Alexis Sánchez seems to be on the verge of joining Manchester City – who have sent a delegation to Chile in anticipation of finalising a deal with the forward – and now Arsenal are scrambling around looking for a suitable replacement. Bond villain Julian Draxler is the man they fancy, even if his name suggests he poses an even greater threat to the safety of the world than Spectre, Smersh, the Janus Syndicate, the Octopus Cult, the Union, the Spangled Mob, the Union, the Graves Corporation, Auric Enterprises, Phoenix International, Quantum and Scum combined. For England, James?
A report in the Mirror claims the Paris St-Germain forward is the man to fill Sánchez's boots and the Arsenal are hoping that the Qatar government is willing to sell and recoup some of the money it splashed out on Neymar earlier in the transfer window which, as you will know, closes later today. Will PSG make some conciliatory moves with regards to FFP or not?
Arsène Wenger, though, is not pinning all of his hopes on the Germany international. The Arsenal manager, according to the report, has also made a further inquiry about Thomas Lemar, the Monaco player who has been heavily linked with a move to Liverpool, and Riyad Mahrez of Leicester City who is the past few weeks has become one of the 'wantaway' wingers you only ever hear about during transfer windows.
2016 Campaigns Will Spend $4.4 Billion On TV Ads, But Why?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mike Munden/AP Mike Munden/AP
The 2016 election is already providing a lot of eye-popping statistics about the ballooning spending candidates will do in the 2016 election. Among them:
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush's superPAC has already raised more — in the first half of a non-election year — than Obama's main superPAC did in all of the 2012 cycle.
The latest big TV ad buy in the 2016 presidential election — on Ohio Gov. John Kasich's behalf, totaling $375,000 — is worth more than seven times the annual median U.S. household income.
There have already been seven times more political ads in the 2016 election than at this point in the 2012 election, according to Elizabeth Wilner, senior vice president at Kantar's Campaign Media and Analysis Group.
Or just try to digest the aggregate numbers. For instance, political TV ad spending will top $4.4 billion for federal races this year, up from $3.8 billion in 2012, Wilner estimated.
Yet TV ads seem to have only small effects on how Americans vote. So why do campaigns spend such huge chunks of their budgets on television spots? It's the need for name recognition, at first. Later on, fear, habit and the hunger for the small sliver of votes at play also drive the huge spending.
Do TV Ads Work?
TV ads (and complaining about them) are a time-honored tradition of elections, and for good reason. Let's start with what TV ads do well. One is that they reach a lot of people — 87 percent of people over 18, as Derek Willis wrote for the New York Times earlier this year. No other single medium comes close.
And for candidates who need to get the message out that they're even running, that's important. Because TV ads reach a lot of people, they also are super effective, dollar for dollar, in boosting lesser-known candidates. For this reason, challengers in House races benefit more from ads than incumbents because those ads give a candidate the big lift of simply making their names known, political scientist John Sides wrote in 2011. So in the crowded 2016 Republican primary, that will drive a lot of spending, as candidates struggle for oxygen.
But incumbents still spend big on ads. President Obama and his supporters in 2012 spent more than $450 million on advertising altogether, by one estimate. Hillary Clinton, one of the best-known politicians in the U.S., has already amassed a $45 million campaign war chest, a large part of which will likely also go to TV spending.
Once the general election rolls around and the candidates already have voters' attention, the evidence is sketchier (and lots of journalists before me have tried to dissect this question) ... but it appears that campaigns are spending a lot of money on a short-term effect on a small group of voters.
When studying the outcomes of the 2012 presidential election, Sides and UCLA political science professor Lynn Vavreck found that while ads had a measurable effect on voter attitudes, that effect was small and remarkably short-lived — it disappeared within a week.
In another often-cited 2010 study, Bowdoin's Michael Franz and Washington State University's Travis Ridout found that advertising had meaningful effects on voting in the 2008 election, but they also found that you need a lot of ads (and a lot more than your opponent) for a little gain.
"Having a 1,000-ad advantage across the entire campaign, for instance, resulted in about a 0.5 percentage point improvement in a candidate's share of the vote in 2008," they wrote.
And as campaigns go increasingly negative in their advertising, there's evidence that those negative ads don't really change voters' minds, as researchers from Rutgers and George Washington Universities found in 2007.
And even if your ads are effective, they're chasing a small group of people. In the big races like the presidency, campaign advertisements work only at the margins — they might affect the (very) small share of people in the middle, but lots of Americans will fall in line with their parties.
Indeed, there's evidence that the number of persuadable voters is shrinking, as the number of moderates slowly but steadily declines and voters grow more polarized. So this could mean more advertising dollars chasing fewer voters in general elections.
There's another growing problem with TV advertising, says one expert: It doesn't keep people's attention the way it used to.
"TV ads are not as effective as they once were," said Donald Green, professor of political science at Columbia University.
Once upon a time, people had to get up to change channels or turn down the volume to avoid ads, he said. "In the early days of TV, when people watched more attentively ... you could show your ads to people who would sit right through them."
And the ways to avoid political TV ads have proliferated well beyond remote controls and mute buttons. Today, lots of people might fast forward past ads on their DVR or on-demand services, Green said, or they might simply fiddle with their phones during commercial breaks.
That means that at some point, campaigns may have to start thinking differently about how to win voters over.
"There is some evidence that more and more people are sort of turning off those [TV] ads," said Gregg Phillips, who ran Newt Gingrich's superPAC, Winning Our Future, in 2012. "The younger generation is going to be moved by a different type of ad. They're going to be moved by some enterprising group on Reddit that has found a way to deliver a message rather than on a traditional format."
So Why Buy Ads?
You could argue that part of the reason ads are so expensive is because campaigns don't know how effective they'll be.
"In a highly competitive race where candidates are well-known, ads aren't going to make more than a 2-3 percentage point difference, but obviously, some races are decided by 2-3 percentage points, and so you just don't want to give up on that," writes Ridout in an email.
Campaigns don't know what the return on investment on any given ad will be, but then, they only care about one return: winning or losing. The one vote that pushes a candidate over the finish line is the vote that matters, so it's priceless.
There's also a business reason that campaigns spend so much on ads: campaign consultants have an incentive to push ads, according to Green, because they're in the media business — they not only believe in ads, but they sometimes get a cut of the media spending.
One other reason spending is growing: It's an arms race.
"We found ourselves trying to match each other in the buying," said Phillips of the 2012 campaign. After winning South Carolina, the campaign soon found itself outmatched in Florida, where Mitt Romney's campaign inundated voters with anti-Gingrich ads. He even compared the spending ramp-up to a military attack.
"What [the Gingrich] campaign faced when they left South Carolina and went down to Florida was nothing short of a blitzkrieg. It was a bombing of sorts, a carpet bombing of Gingrich folks, that we have never seen before," said Phillips.
And if ads really do have that short-term effect that studies have found, campaigns want to keep the blitzkriegs going, unstopped, to keep those effects going (and to avoid losing ground to opponents, who are launching their own blitzkriegs).
But if the general election is an arms race of spending on ineffective ads that only affect a few people, what does that mean? Could campaigns radically pull back their spending with little effect? Could they reinvest elsewhere?
They could, says one expert — if they were willing to take the risk of being guinea pigs. And no one is willing to do that.
"Elections are one-time things, and [campaigns] don't want to risk not doing everything everywhere," said Diana Mutz, political science professor at the University of Pennsylvania.
Because of that, change in how campaigns spend on ads is slow. But there is one clear shift underway in national races: a move away from traditional broadcast ads and toward more targeted digital advertising — the equivalent of switching from a hacksaw to a scalpel.
"[TV] reaches a huge audience. But is it reaching the right people?" asked Mutz. Some types of TV advertising, like uber-targeted cable advertising, are in their infancy but promise to target voters not just by neighborhoods (places where young people, Hispanics, or low-income voters live) but on an individual level (certain low-income Hispanic young voters).
Online advertising likewise holds that promise and is growing rapidly — far more so than TV, in fact. Digital spending in 2016 could top $1 billion, according to market research firm Borrell and Associates, growth of 576 percent over 2012. Cable spending, in comparison, will grow by only 28 percent, and broadcast TV by 7 percent. And sooner or later, that TV spending could flatten or even fall off.
"Spending on TV will deteriorate," predicted Kip Cassino, vice president of research at Borrell. "By 2020 you're going to see this kind of spending approach what used to be spent on TV. It'll be within a billion of TV by the 2020 election."
And that's maybe the best indication of how massive campaign ad spending has gotten. Despite all the uncertainty about what TV ads even do, getting "within a billion" of it is, in fact, pretty close.
MASON, MI -- Glenna DeJong and Marsha Caspar of Lansing, a same-sex couple together for 27 years, were married Saturday morning in Mason around 8 a.m.
They are believed to be the first legally-married gay couple in the state of Michigan.
"We're just one of a long line of states who are realizing that gay people have rights too, the same rights as heterosexuals," DeJong said shortly after marrying her longtime partner in a short, emotional ceremony held in the hallway of the Ingham County Courthouse in Mason.
U.S. District Court Judge Bernard Friedman on Friday struck down the state's constitutional amendment that defined marriage as between one man and one woman.
Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette filed an emergency motion for stay and appeal, but the court has not yet responded to his request. It's unclear what a stay would mean for couples married in the interim.
DeJong noted a similar situation in California, where a judge's ruling was stayed but the marriages performed in the interim remained valid.
"So that's why we didn't want to spend a lot of time planning and we just had to be here in 45 minutes once we found out," she said.
Ingham County Clerk Barb Byrum performed the ceremony. She had not planned to open her office this weekend but said she could not sleep on Friday night. At least three other couples were on hand to get married as well. Byrum planned to keep the office open until 1 p.m.
"So many people have been waiting long enough, and it seemed the more I thought about it, the more absurd it seemed to make them wait until Monday morning," Byrum said.
"It is an honor to join to people together in marriage, and today has taken that honor to a whole new level," she said.
DeJong took a moment to recognize Jayne Rowse and April DeBoer, who helped make her marriage possible by suing the state over being prohibited from jointly adopting their three children.
"I guess that this makes me emotional, is that Jayne and April, we owe so much to them as does everybody else here in the state, and hope that we can meet them someday," she said.
When asked how it felt to be the first same-sex couple to be married in Michigan, the couple responded almost in unison, "We had no idea" until it was happening.
"When we drove up I said we have to be at the wrong place, I thought there'd be hundreds of cars here, so we drove around and we came back and said no, this has to be it," DeJong said. "So that was about 20 to 8 I think."
DeJong said she woke up at 6:40 a.m. Saturday morning and saw that Byrum had tweeted a few minutes earlier that she would open the office to perform marriages at 8 a.m. The couple quickly got ready and headed out the door. Caspar wore her favorite sweatshirt with a Ralph Waldo Emerson quote, while DeJong wore a blouse and blazer.
"Marsha said, 'I'm wearing a sweatshirt,' and I said, 'After 27 years I know not to argue,'" DeJong said.
The newlyweds planned to meet friends for breakfast after the ceremony, and then hold a larger celebration in Saugatuck this summer.
In addition to the couples, several people came to witness the weddings, including Cheryl Overley of Delta Township. After seeing the news on Facebook, she and her 16-year-old daughter, Bronwen, picked up two dozen roses and headed to the court house.
"We believe in equality," Cheryl Overley said holding back tears. She said she wanted to "congratulate the couples who have been waiting so long."
East Lansing Mayor Nathan Triplett also was on hand and offered to help in any way, from grabbing coffee to performing ceremonies, if necessary.
"It's a momentous occasion that's long overdue, and I'm very glad to be able to witness it," he said.
Email Melissa Anders at manders@mlive.com. Follow her on Google+ and Twitter: @MelissaDAnders. Download the MLive app for iPhone and Android.
It's that end-of-year, time-for-reflection time and so we're thinking back to all the HelloGiggles stories that we truly loved in 2014. Here's just one of our faves, which was originally published on March 31, 2014.
A while back, I stumbled across a website that featured user-submitted photos to show how weight by the number really looked on both men and women of varying heights. I thought the project was pretty neat, as it was a true-to-life visual that proved how higher numbers didn't make a difference – people carried weight differently, and everyone looked fantastic and confident regardless of where they fell on the chart. It was a real eye-opener, and made me realize that paranoia about numbers (weight, sizing) was an honest issue to which I, and surely other women, had fallen victim.
While that particular project seemed to lose steam, another project has taken its place. UK blogger and frequent Huffington Post contributor Foz Meadows posted an article to her website with a study claiming that our perception of weight is completely distorted, and that we (humans) aren't really sure what classifies someone as being overweight.
Meadows makes a point in stating that BMI – which is a somewhat standard measure that most use to classify weight – is pretty inaccurate, based on the fact that doesn't take frame or body type into account. Those who are taller will definitely have higher numbers, and those with stronger builds might fall into the “obese” category, despite the fact that they don't look or feel the part. Age is also a factor that Meadows wants us to consider, since teenagers obviously haven't settled into their adult weights and older adults tend to lose height over time.
Now for the fun part: Clothing size. The image above and the one below prove that the size you wear doesn't actually make a difference as to where you fall on the weight spectrum.
By taking two pictures of women who weighed exactly the same, she proved that women's sizes varied significantly based solely on their body type and height. She even blames the fashion industry for pushing sizes on us and making us feel as if being small is the only indicator of being healthy. “We have learned to correlate small sizes with healthy bodies, the better to justify their primacy on the runway, in advertising and on screen as a healthy ideal,” she claims. Can you be skinny and healthy? Definitely. Can you be curvier and healthy? Of course.
What does that mean for us? Well, it means that we shouldn't feel pressured to think that a 6 is healthy and a 10 isn't, since it's quite possible that if you're the size 10, a woman who weighs the exact same as you fits into a 6 with no concern. It also means that we need to stop viewing our self worth through a clothing tag and accept the fact that “health” is too complex a concept to identify through BMI or sizes. We also need to stop viewing skinny as healthy, and overweight as unhealthy – it's just not true.
Six Artists Selected to Transform 191st Street Tunnel View Full Caption
FORT GEORGE — Six artists, including well-known names from the street art world, have been selected to transform the drab 191st Street tunnel into a vibrant passageway beginning Monday.
The Department of Transportation selected the artists from a pool of 158 applicants, the most proposals ever received for a single project, the agency said. The winners include well-known street artists Andrea Von Bujdoss, who goes by the name Queen Andrea, and Fernando Carlo Jr., aka Cope2.
The DOT also selected Nelson Rivas, a Chilean-born muralist who goes by the name Cekis; Nick Kuzsyk, who specializes in geometric designs and Jessie Unterhalter and Katey Truhn, a Baltimore-based duo who focuses on creating art for public spaces.
“The outcome is going to be incredible,” Emily Colasacco, director of the DOT's public art program, told residents at a Monday meeting of Community Board 12's transportation committee. “We can't wait to see it.”
Each of the artists or teams will be given a 200-foot section of the 900-foot tunnel to paint. The designs range from an almost psychedelic geometric pattern to a mural designed to transport viewers from the urban jungle to the rainforest.
Members of the transportation committee were wowed by the designs when the DOT presented the project at Monday night's meeting.
“Will you get 3-D glasses to walk through the tunnel now too?” asked committee member Mary Anderson.
Von Bujdoss, an Uptown resident, was chosen to paint the tunnels' Broadway entrance, which currently features a 2008 piece by the Groundswell Community Mural Project. The mural has been damaged over the years by vandalism.
The art installation marks the final step in a monthslong process to improve conditions in the tunnel.
In the fall of 2014, the DOT installed brighter LED lights in the space, which residents previously described as “dark” and “creepy.” The tunnel also received new safety mirrors and a fresh coat of paint. However, within a few months, the blank walls were again tagged with graffiti.
Some residents expressed concerns that the new paintings could also fall victim to the same fate.
“Have you thought about vandalism?” asked one man who attended the meeting. “I mean, how will you protect this art?”
Colasacco said that they are hoping the names involved with the project will discourage future vandalism.
“We find that the majority of our works by highly respected artists don't get tagged,” she told residents.
Some artists like Cope2, who has produced a lot of work in The Bronx and Washington Heights, already have name recognition within the community, Colasacco explained.
“When we were on site recently, a younger gentleman stopped and asked for an autograph from him,” she said. “We have a celebrity on hand here.”
The artists will begin preliminary work on the designs on May 11 and will complete the murals by May 19. The tunnel will be closed to traffic from 10:30 p.m. on May 15 to 5 a.m. on May 19 to allow for painting.
My GitHub page, containing various open-source libraries for Mac and iOS development, and some miscellaneous projects
Friday Q&A 2014-01-24: Introduction to libclang
In addition to its many other fine attributes, the Clang compiler also provides a clean API that makes it easy to use its facilities as a library in your own code. Today, I'm going to give a basic introduction to this library and how to use it, a topic suggested by reader Jeffrey Macko.
Getting the Library
The library version of Clang is called, creatively, libclang . Xcode uses libclang extensively, and embeds the dylib that you can conveniently use yourself. You wouldn't want to use this in a shipping app, but it's a great way to get started and experiment. It's buried deep in the app, but this command will get you the path:
echo ` xcode - select -- print - path ` / Toolchains / XcodeDefault . xctoolchain / usr / lib / libclang . dylib
You'll also need to add the enclosing directory to your runpath so that the dynamic linker can find the library at runtime. If you're building from the command line, you can do this by passing -rpath followed by the path to the lib directory above. In full, you'll want to pass these parameters when linking:
clang ` xcode - select -- print - path ` / Toolchains / XcodeDefault . xctoolchain / usr / lib / libclang . dylib - rpath ` xcode - select -- print - path ` / Toolchains / XcodeDefault . xctoolchain / usr / lib ...
Getting the Headers
Unfortunately, Xcode doesn't ship the headers for this library. The good news is that it's intended to provide a stable API, and so you can just go fetch the headers from the Clang project's subversion repository. The C headers for libclang can be found here:
http://llvm.org/svn/llvm-project/cfe/trunk/include/clang-c/
You can easily grab a local copy for yourself:
svn export http : //llvm.org/svn/llvm-project/cfe/trunk/include/clang-c/
Documentation
Documentation for libclang can be found here:
http://clang.llvm.org/doxygen/group__CINDEX.html
The C API is done in a fairly reasonable object-oriented style and is fairly easy to follow. I couldn't find any master overview document that discusses how to get started, but that's what this article is for!
Getting Started
The top-level object where everything else starts is called an index. Although it does more, libclang was originally built to help with code completion and indexing source files, and it looks like the name came from that. Creating an index is pretty easy:
CXIndex index = clang_createIndex ( 0 , 0 );
The two parameters are boolean options. The first one determines whether declarations from PCH files are excluded. that doesn't really matter for my purposes, since I'm not using a PCH, but not excluding them seems like a decent start. The second parameter determines whether diagnostics are printed when parsing source code. If set, libclang will print warnings and errors just like the compiler would. I disabled this so that I can take control of how diagnostics are shown.
Next comes parsing a translation unit. In C terminology, a translation unit is basically a single compiled source file. Parsing a translation unit with libclang is much like compiling a file. It's so similar that you give the function command-line arguments just like you'd give them to clang on the command line. Let's start off with the arguments, which are just a couple of include paths needed to make the code compile properly:
const char * args [] = { "-I/usr/include" , "-I." };
It also wants to know how many arguments there are, which I compute from the array:
int numArgs = sizeof ( args ) / sizeof ( * args );
Next, parse the file. The function takes the index to work with, the file to parse, and the command line arguments. It also takes unsaved files to take into account, which I'm not going to use here. This allows you to, for example, #include files that you have in memory but haven't saved to disk. Finally, it takes a set of options for the parse, which allows you to do things like specify that the file is incomplete, that the results are intended for serialization, and other such things. No options are required here. This is the complete call:
CXTranslationUnit tu = clang_parseTranslationUnit ( index , "libclang.m" , args , numArgs , NULL , 0 , CXTranslationUnit_None );
Now we have a translation unit loaded. What do we do with it?
Examining Diagnostics
First, I want to print any diagnostics produced when parsing the file. I could have had this for free by passing 1 to clang_createIndex , but what fun would that be? More to the point, although printing this diagnostics at the command line isn't all that useful, this allows you to do more interesting things like show this diagnostics in a UI, or use them to annotate a source file, or anything else that doesn't involve simply printing them.
The first step is to find out just how much diagnostics were produced by the translation unit:
unsigned diagnosticCount = clang_getNumDiagnostics ( tu );
Then loop through all of them, fetching each one in turn:
for ( unsigned i = 0 ; i < diagnosticCount ; i ++ ) { CXDiagnostic diagnostic = clang_getDiagnostic ( tu , i );
I want to print the location of each diagnostic, as well as the text. Getting the location is easy:
CXSourceLocation location = clang_getDiagnosticLocation ( diagnostic );
What do we do with a CXSourceLocation , though? Fortunately, it's fairly easy to turn this into line and column numbers:
clang_getSpellingLocation ( location , NULL , & line , & column , NULL );
The two NULL parameters can be used to obtain the file where the diagnostic occurred and its absolute offset within the file. There are several concepts of "location" that can be obtained from a CXSourceLocation , depending on exactly how you want to treat macro expansions and #line directives. clang_getSpellingLocation produces the final spot in the source file where the diagnostic occurred, which seems the most natural, at least for a basic exploration of libclang .
Finally, I want to know what the diagnostic actually says:
CXString text = clang_getDiagnosticSpelling ( diagnostic );
For reasons which aren't entirely clear to me, the term "spelling" is frequently used in the libclang API to indicate the textual content of an item. It's a bit odd, but not hard to work with, just something to be aware of when trying to find a function.
We don't know how to print a CXString , but fortunately it's easy to turn that into a C string by calling clang_getCString . The program can then print the diagnostic:
fprintf ( stderr , "%u:%u: %s
" , line , column , clang_getCString ( text ));
Finally, clean up the diagnostic string:
clang_disposeString ( text ); }
Walking the Tree
Source code gets parsed into a tree, where the textual code is represented as a hierarchy of objects. A local variable is contained within a scope which is contained within a function which is contained within a file, for example. libclang produces this tree and allows us to walk through it to find things. To illustrate how that works, I'll show code that prints every variable declaration in the file.
Rather than expose the tree directly, libclang provides API that will walk the tree, invoking a callback at every node. There's a version that takes a function pointer, and fortunately there's another version that takes a block. Each node of the tree is represented as a CXCursor . The function takes an arbitrary cursor and walks its children, and then there's a convenient helper to get the top-level cursor for a translation unit:
clang_visitChildrenWithBlock ( clang_getTranslationUnitCursor ( tu ), ^ ( CXCursor cursor , CXCursor parent ){
Each cursor has a kind that indicates just what this thing is. We want variable declarations, so check for that:
if ( clang_getCursorKind ( cursor ) == CXCursor_VarDecl ) {
The first thing we'll do is find out where the cursor is located. Cursors don't directly expose a location, but rather a range. Of course, a range is just a start and end, and I'll grab the start location as the cursor's location:
CXSourceRange range = clang_getCursorExtent ( cursor ); CXSourceLocation location = clang_getRangeStart ( range );
Next, I want to pull useful information out of that CXSourceLocation . The call is much like before, although I want to extract the file as well, not just the line and column numbers. This is because libclang will find not only variable declarations in my own file, but also in headers that it includes, and I want to know where each declaration was:
CXFile file ; unsigned line ; unsigned column ; clang_getFileLocation ( location , & file , & line , & column , NULL );
A CXFile by itself isn't enough. Instead, I want the file's name:
CXString filename = clang_getFileName ( file );
I also want the variable's name, which is just the text content (or "spelling") of the cursor itself:
CXString name = clang_getCursorSpelling ( cursor );
Now I'm ready to print the information:
fprintf ( stderr , "%s:%u:%u: found variable %s
" , clang_getCString ( filename ), line , column , clang_getCString ( name ));
And clean up the strings:
clang_disposeString ( name ); clang_disposeString ( filename ); }
Finally, the block returns a value which indicates whether traversal should halt, skip children, or recurse into children. We want to visit everything, so we'll tell libclang to recurse:
return CXChildVisit_Recurse ; });
Let's try it out. Here's the output it produces on my file:
libclang . m : 9 : 5 : found variable index libclang . m : 11 : 5 : found variable args libclang . m : 15 : 5 : found variable numArgs libclang . m : 17 : 5 : found variable tu libclang . m : 19 : 5 : found variable diagnosticCount libclang . m : 20 : 9 : found variable i libclang . m : 21 : 9 : found variable diagnostic libclang . m : 23 : 9 : found variable location libclang . m : 24 : 9 : found variable line libclang . m : 24 : 24 : found variable column libclang . m : 27 : 9 : found variable text libclang . m : 34 : 13 : found variable range libclang . m : 35 : 13 : found variable location libclang . m : 37 : 13 : found variable file libclang . m : 38 : 13 : found variable line libclang . m : 39 : 13 : found variable column libclang . m : 42 : 13 : found variable filename libclang . m : 44 : 13 : found variable name
It works!
Cleaning Up
Both the index and translation unit are objects that we hold onto and are responsible for disposing of. Cleaning them up is, fortunately, easy:
clang_disposeTranslationUnit ( tu ); clang_disposeIndex ( index );
Conclusion
libclang provides a nice interface for using Clang's knowledge of C and similar languages to find information about source files. It's possible to create and walk the abstract syntax tree, generate errors and warnings, and even perform autocompletion. I've only scratched the surface of what's possible, but I hope it's enough to get you started.
That wraps it up for today's edition of Friday Q&A. Friday Q&A is driven by reader suggestions, so if you have a topic you'd like to see discussed here, please send it in.
Did you enjoy this article? I'm selling whole books full of them! Volumes II and III are now out! They're available as ePub, PDF, print, and on iBooks and Kindle. Click here for more information
Comments:
Add your thoughts, post a comment:
Spam and off-topic posts will be deleted without notice. Culprits may be publicly humiliated at my sole discretion.
JavaScript is required to submit comments due to anti-spam measures. Please enable JavaScript and reload the page.
Days after being hit with the largest hack in its history, the country's preeminent police union is still scrambling for answers.
“I'm not confident in anything at this point,” Jim Pasco, Executive Director of the Fraternal Order of Police, told the Daily Dot Monday over the phone. “I'm not technically oriented, so I don't know.”
The hack was brought to light Thursday, when an independent security researcher and activist who goes by Cthulhu released a huge cache of FOP data that an anonymous hacker had acquired. It included, among other things, the names of 626,000 current and retired members, contract agreements between FOP divisions and local governments, and contents of private forum conversations between police officers.
“They can only improve my reputation, so I'm not worried.”
From the beginning, the act seemed to baffle the FOP. The organization was unaware of the breach when the Daily Dot first contacted it on Thursday. Later that day, in lieu of issuing a formal statement to the media, FOP president Chuck Canterbury wrote about the hack on the Facebook page of FOP's Florida chapter. In it, he blamed “the Group known as Anonymous.” In a followup post on the FOP's national Facebook page, he said that the hacker had used “0Day vulnerabilities,” a reference to a previously unknown vulnerability.
In a post on his website, Cthulhu said these claims are inaccurate.
The FOP hacker in question, while still keeping his identity secret, doesn't identity with the hacktivist designation Anonymous, Cthulhu claimed, and never indicated he did. Cthulhu also denied that the FOP was breached via a zero-day exploit, or anything resembling a sophisticated hack. Instead, he said, the hacker used an exploit listed among the Open Web Application Security Application's list of ten common hacks and how administrators can avoid them. “If your ‘computer experts' have identified the flaw as you claim to have, you should realize you are either lying or have not hired experts if they call it sophisticated,” Cthulhu wrote.
“We've not heard directly from the hacker,” Pasco said, so the FOP can't speak to his motivations. For any number of hacktivists, however, any law enforcement target with a gaping vulnerability would likely be a juicy target.
Either way, it remains all hands on deck for the FOP. The site has been down, at Canterbury's discretion, since Thursday; ironically, the hacked material has still been available at Cthulhu's site since then. Canterbury told the Guardian that the Federal Bureau of Investigation had contacted the FOP. Pasco said that the U.S. Department of Justice was also investigating, in addition to FOP's own investigation.
Pasco added that while he was sorry for the hundreds of thousands of officers named in the hack, the leaked information will likely not affect him on a personal or professional level.
“A hacker got me personally a while back because of something I'd said, so mine [information] was already out there,” he told the Daily Dot. “A lot of it's not true about me, but most people assume it was. They can only improve my reputation, so I'm not worried.”
Illustration by Jason Reed
WhatsApp, the popular mobile messaging app that eschews advertising in favor of a paid model, is getting ready to bring its iOS app in line with the apps it makes for other platforms by turning it into an annual subscription service. Jan Koum, WhatsApp's CEO, says that the company is planning this year to shift its iOS app to one where new users would pay annually to keep using, taking it away from a one-off download fee and bringing it in line with how it is distributed on the Android, BlackBerry, Nokia and Windows Phone platforms.
The comments were made to Dutch journalist Alexander Klopping, and reproduced in part in two Dutch blogs, Tweakers and Techtastic. Klopping also provided us with recording of the interview, in English.
The new subscription model would apply to new users, Koum said, and would likely follow the same pricing structure as its other apps, which are free for the first year and then cost $1/year, compared to the single, for-life $0.99 purchase that users make on iOS today. “We're relaxed on dates, but definitely this year. It's on the road map,” Koum said.
There are signs that WhatsApp is already making the necessary tweaks to implement the change. On an area of the site where users can contribute translations for future WhatsApp services, a commenter below points out it's already crowdsourced four ways of saying “purchase now” to renew a subscription on an iPhone.
Koum did not spell out too much of the logic behind why WhatsApp is changing its model — “We want to keep things simple,” he explained.
On the competitive landscape, WhatsApp is currently one of the most popular messaging apps around, with 17 billion messages transmitted daily (7 billion inbound and 10 billion outbound), with over 100 million users on Android alone. But it is also facing challenges from the likes of messaging apps like Line, which in January passed 100 million users across multiple platforms. Line is free to download and it makes its revenues through in-app purchases for stickers and virtual currency for games and other content, alongside other services like messaging and free voice calls, part of a strategy of presenting itself as a social entertainment platform. Making WhatsApp free for the first year doesn't match that feature set, but it at least better matches what Line (and others) offer to App Store browsers looking for messaging apps. And of course free downloads are what drive many of the most popular apps today.
Some other noteworthy details from Koum's short interview:
— He says that WhatsApp is not likely to be making a desktop version of its service any time soon. “We get that question asked a lot,” Koum said of desktop apps. “We feel strongly that the world is moving to mobile and [so] we want to be mobile-only. Your phone is with you all the time, and desktop is to many becoming a secondary experience. [So] our answer is no, not anytime soon.”
— Similarly, adding live streaming video to WhatsApp is “definitely not this year,” said Koum. (Also on the list of feature speculation is gaming. A report over the weekend claimed that WhatsApp was making a move into gaming on its platform, per a deal with gaming company WeMade, although later the original source for that report was pulled citing wrong information.)
— No comment on acquisition rumors but a wider statement on exit strategies in general. “We don't discuss exit strategies internally,” Koum said. “A lot of companies in Silicon Valley talk about exit strategies. The way we look at it, is it's like entering a marriage and talking about divorce. We just don't have one. We don't have one because we don't plan or want to think about it. We want to focus on good products.”
— On cannibalizing carrier revenues. “We actually have really good relationships with a lot of carriers. We're doing some revolutionary stuff. The world is switching to data [and we have] some good partnerships, for example with Three in Hong Kong.” That partnership gives Three subscribers access to WhatsApp when they travel internationally for the equivalent of about $6/day. “We understand that a lot of people are switching to our product instead of SMS but we look at it as evolution.”
Elections Canada paid out more than $100,000 to Conservative riding associations before the party's so-called "in-and-out" scheme was discovered, a CBC News investigation has found.
Elections Canada paid out the expense claims of 17 "in-and-out" participants before noticing something was amiss, it says in court documents.
That meant more than $100,000 in taxpayer dollars going out the door before it was stopped.
Pay back refunds: Opposition Opposition MPs are demanding the Conservatives pay back the money Elections Canada refunded. "For years the Conservatives have been asking the Liberals to repay the money from the sponsorship scandal. Now it's up to them to tell taxpayers when they will pay back the money stolen by their system of electoral fraud," NDP deputy leader Thomas Mulcair said in the House of Commons Monday. "It is taxpayers' money and they stole it," he said. Liberal MP Wayne Easter pointed to two ridings in his home region of Atlantic Canada that appear to have received refunds. "Will the prime minister order these two Conservative riding associations to pay back the thousands they owe Canadians in dirty money?" he said. Pierre Poilievre, the parliamentary secretary to the prime minister, said the premise of the questions was wrong. "The reality is that the Conservative party and the Conservative candidates spent Conservative funds for Conservative advertising," he told the Commons Monday.
Four high-ranking Conservatives, including two Senators, are charged under the Elections Act with moving more than a million dollars through local ridings to help fund the national campaign.
Conservative MP Steven Blaney says he and all the other candidates who participated were following the rules.
Court documents show Blaney's 2006 election campaign was one of those that received money from the national party, transferred it immediately back, and then claimed the money as part of its election expenses.
A comparison of Elections Canada documents and the ones filed in court reveals Blaney's campaign received $18,000 more in reimbursements than it was entitled to. Blaney says his campaign did nothing wrong.
"There is a difference of interpretation of the law between Conservatives and Elections Canada," he said.
Elections Canada reimburses all candidates 60 per cent of their eligible expenses if they meet a certain threshold of votes. The money comes from the public purse.
Riding reimbursed more than it spent
Another riding that appears to have received some of that money is the Conservative riding association in Hull-Aylmer, Que.
That association spent only about $12,000 of its own money in the 2006 election, according to numbers from Elections Canada, but received almost $34,000 in reimbursements because of the "in-and-out" tactic.
David Herle, the Liberal campaign director in 2006, says the $1.5 million extra the Conservatives spent could have changed the outcome of a close election.
"I don't know if it was decisive. It was influential," Herle told CBC News.
"They clearly intended it to be influential or they wouldn't have done it. If they didn't think it would have made any difference, they wouldn't have gone to such great lengths."
Andre Thouin, an official with Elections Canada, knocks on the door of Conservative Party Headquarters of Canada in Ottawa on April 15, 2008, during an RCMP raid of the office. ((Tom Hanson/Canadian Press)) Pierre Poilievre, parliamentary secretary to the prime minister, says all the parties use the same strategy.
"The national party did indeed transfer funds to local campaigns, which is legal, ethical and commonplace among all political parties," he said in the Commons last week.
But the NDP's national campaign director says in those cases the money goes from national to local and then stops.
"That money then should be spent on local projects and that is not the case with the Conservatives. But that was the case with the New Democrats. That's why we're not up on charges," Brad Lavigne said.
Beyond a leg-up in the 2006 campaign, the "in-and-out" scheme may have helped the Conservatives in the next one as well.
All candidates who get at least 10 per cent of the vote are entitled to the 60 per cent reimbursement of election expenses.
For some campaigns, the scheme could have been quite lucrative, landing them taxpayer funded reimbursements worth thousands of dollars more than Elections Canada says they actually spent — a surplus that could be retained by the riding association for the 2008 election.
True/False 2019
Apply to Volunteer
YES! WE ARE STILL ENROLLING VOLUNTEERS FOR TRUE/FALSE 2019. PLEASE COMPLETE THE APPLICATION AND WE'LL BE IN TOUCH!
We need volunteers who can commit up to 20 hours of time to one of these teams:
Theater Operations: Thursday after 3 pm, ALL DAY Friday, many weekend times
Set Up / Break Down: MON-THU Feb 25-28 / MON-THU Mar 4-7
Chauffeurs: must be 23 yr old, possible airport driving runs – before/during/after the Fest
Welcome! With the energy and creative spirit of nearly 1000 people working on more than 30 different teams, together we can make T/F 2019 a great fest!
Please complete the following application as accurately as possible. Because this application is designed to screen OUT candidates without enough time to work for a particular team, you should enter your time availability FIRST and with as much breadth as possible before selecting three team preferences. General volunteers work up to 20 hours and Juggernauts up to 40 hours. Some teams require candidates above a certain age (ie. event party workers, or chauffeurs), or with particular skills (ie. operating power tools or a sound board), so please answer all questions about your qualifications.
If you have never volunteered for the festival before – We're grateful that you are willing to donate your time! Please take a few minutes to read a short introduction and some basic information to consider before filling out your application (click on the blue button above!).
If you are a returning volunteer – Thank you and welcome back! Your experience and hard work over the past decade-plus is one of the reasons that film lovers regard True/False as one of the most fun, inventive and community-oriented film festivals in the world. As a returning volunteer, please be sure to respond to queries about your past T/F experiences, and also indicate if you have been recruited for a specific team by noting the team name and the name of your team leader on the application.
ALL PROSPECTIVE VOLUNTEERS - Once you've completed and submitted this form, you will receive a message from T/F confirming receipt of your application. Once your application has been reviewed, we'll send you a confirmation of approval, or we may ask you to expand your time availability to qualify as a volunteer. Remember, you should apply early for the best chance at being placed on your choice of team.
Thanks for your time!
Cathy Gunther and Heather Gillich
Volunteer Coordinators
× Close INFORMATION FOR NEW APPLICANTS We continue to offer two levels of volunteer participation: General Volunteers are asked to commit up to 20 hours of their time, while Juggernauts commit to 40 hours. Both volunteer levels receive a volunteer pass allowing them to Q for films for free, but T-shirt designs differ, and Juggernauts receive some additional perks. To achieve their hours, Juggernauts often work during and/or before or after the festival, and sometimes on more than one team. If you have little festival experience, we generally recommend trying out a General position in your first year with T/F. WHAT WILL YOU DO? Most positions can be accomplished by volunteers with little to no experience, but certain teams have restrictions or requirements to get the job done. For example, you must have valid driver's license to be considered for the Chauffeur team, and you should be willing to lift heavy or awkward objects to work in Set Up & Break Down. Volunteer qualifications are included in each team description. WHEN WILL YOU DO IT? Different teams work at different times. For example, Art/Design is already planning the magical installations that are displayed throughout the fest, whereas Theater Operations and Events staff work only during actual festival days (Feb 28-Mar 3, 2019). The vast majority of volunteer hours occur during the week of the Fest (Feb 25-March 4), so you should be willing to commit 20 hours over a relatively short time span. HOW MANY OTHERS ARE NEEDED? Team sizes vary considerably based on the work to be done – from over 300 volunteers in Theater Operations, to 20 volunteers on the Build Team. ALL of these positions play an important role - it's not the size of the team that matters - but you should realize smaller teams fill up faster than larger teams.
Says Donald Trump's foundation "took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself."
President Barack Obama went to Philadelphia on Sept. 13 to campaign for Hillary Clinton, who was recovering from pneumonia. In his speech, Obama didn't hold back in his critique of Clinton's opponent, Donald Trump.
In one particularly vivid line, Obama took a shot at Trump's foundation, contrasting it with the Clintons' foundation, which focuses on improving global health.
The Clinton Foundation has been attacked by critics for taking money from donors who might have business before a future President Clinton.
But Obama was having none of it.
"You want to debate foundations and charities?" Obama said. "One candidate's family foundation has saved countless lives around the world. The other candidate's foundation took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself."
Obama added, to laughter, "I mean, you know, he had the taste not to go for the 10-foot version, but…"
We have previously written about how the Clinton Foundation helped 9 million people receive lower-cost HIV/AIDS medicine, as well as the foundation's controversies.
But what about Obama's statement that Trump's foundation "took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself"?
The White House confirmed that the statement stems from a widely read Washington Post story by reporter David Fahrenthold, who's written a series of stories about Trump Foundation and has inquired with organizations around the country to see if they actually received money from the real estate mogul.
Fahrenthold provided new details of his investigations in a Sept. 10, 2016, Post article headlined, "How Donald Trump retooled his charity to spend other people's money."
Based on a review of 17 years of tax filings by the Donald J. Trump Foundation and interviews with more than 200 individuals and groups who were listed as recipients of its gifts, Fahrenthold found that "nearly all" of its money in recent years has come from people other than Trump, with his most recent personal gift to the foundation's coffers dating from 2008.
Experts told Fahrenthold that such an arrangement "is almost unheard of for a family foundation."
The story by Fahrenthold includes the anecdote referenced by Obama in Philadelphia, which Fahrenthold wrote was one of two cases he found in which Trump used his money from the charity to "buy himself a gift." By doing so, he wrote, the foundation appeared to be flouting IRS rules by buying items that only seemed to be for Trump's benefit.
"In 2007, for instance, Trump and his wife, Melania, attended a benefit for a children's charity held at Mar-a-Lago. The night's entertainment was Michael Israel, who bills himself as ‘the original speed painter.' His frenetic act involved painting giant portraits in five to seven minutes — then auctioning off the art he'd just created.
"He painted Trump.
"Melania Trump bid $10,000.
"Nobody tried to outbid her.
" ‘The auctioneer was just pretty bold, so he said, "You know what just happened: When you started bidding, nobody's going to bid against you, and I think it's only fair that you double the bid," ' Israel said in an interview last week.
"Melania Trump increased her bid to $20,000.
" ‘I understand it went to one of his golf courses,' Israel said of the painting.
"The Trump Foundation paid the $20,000, according to the charity that held the benefit."
Fahrenthold's article notes that the Post submitted detailed questions to the campaign but officials declined to comment. The campaign did not respond to an inquiry from PolitiFact for this article.
We asked Fahrenthold whether Obama's version jibed with his reporting.
"It seems pretty accurate to me," Fahrenthold told PolitiFact. "I talked to both the charity that held the auction and the artist who made the painting. They told me Melania Trump had actually been the one bidding on the painting at the auction, which she won for $20,000 -- half went to charity, half went to the artist. But the actual check came from the Trump Foundation, of which Donald is president and Melania is not an officer of any kind."
He added that the auction seems to have been held in 2006 but the check wasn't cut until 2007, a year in which "almost all of the money in the Trump Foundation was other people's money."
Specifically, according to Fahrenthold's reporting, the Trump Foundation began that year with $4,238 in the bank. Trump himself gave $35,000 to the foundation that year. But other donors gave $4.055 million, primarily a single $4 million gift from Vince and Linda McMahon, the founders of the WWE wrestling empire.
Using the most generous calculation, Fahrenthold said, Trump's own money accounted for less than 1 percent of the total amount that entered the foundation that year, $4,094,238.
"So it was almost all other people's money," he said.
So where is the painting? That's a bit more mysterious. Even crowdsourcing the search through Twitter hasn't produced a verified image of the painting.
"I can't find the damn thing," Fahrenthold said. "It's out there somewhere. Neither the painter nor the charity -- the Children's Place at Home Safe, in Boca Raton, Fla. -- have been able to provide a picture of it."
Our ruling
Obama said that Trump's "foundation took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself."
Fahrenthold verified the anecdote about the painting with the painter, and his reporting found that, at the time the painting was auctioned, the vast majority of funds in the foundation's coffers were from other people, not Trump. Based on the information available, the story seems solid.
We rate Obama's statement True.
The Edmonton Oilers signed training camp invite Vladimir Tkachev to a three-year, entry-level contract and will be assigned to the QMJHL's Moncton Wildcats, according to Marc Spector of Sportsnet.
The 18-year-old undrafted forward saw 17:16 of ice time during Monday's preseason win over the Winnipeg Jets, recording the primary assist on a first period goal scored by defenseman Mark Fayne. The point marked his third in exhibition play, all assists.
One teammate compared him to Ales Hemsky, a former Oiler who also boasts an impressive skill set.
#Oilers Ryan Nugent-Hopkins on Vladimir Tkachev: "He reminds me of Hemsky, the way he skates, and obviously his hands are pretty filthy."1/2 — John MacKinnon (@rjmackinnon) September 30, 2014
In 20 games with the Wildcats last season, Tkachev recorded 10 goals and 20 assists, with an additional seven goals and two assists in six playoff games.
MBC has revealed its final jam-packed lineup full of amazing artists for the 2014 MBC Gayo Daejun.
On December 24, MBC explained that EXO recently confirmed their appearance, after fans questioned why the group was not included in the lineup that had been announced on December 23.
The entire list of artists includes over 40 teams: EXO, TVXQ, Girls' Generation, BEAST, INFINITE, SISTAR, 2PM, Ailee, CNBLUE, BTS, GOT7, 4Minute, Fly to the Sky, A Pink, Super Junior's Kyuhyun, SM the Ballad (Taeyeon and Jonghyun), Block B, B1A4, SHINee's Taemin, KARA, Dynamic Duo, Secret, VIXX, BTOB, AOA, BIG BYUNG, Soyu x Junggigo, Girl's Day, Teen Top, Red Velvet, Sunmi, T-ara, Boyfriend, Mamamoo, Lovelyz, Hyorin x Jooyoung, Huh Gak and Eunji, Crush, Zion.T, Hong Jin Young, Rumble Fish, Hyungdon & Daejun, as well as veteran singers Im Chang Jung and Tae Jin Ah.
The year-end MBC Gayo Daejun will be showcasing performance battles between a number of teams consisting of different groups and singers that received a lot of love throughout the year.
Not only will these artists be singing songs of the past as well as hit songs of 2014, they are also preparing a variety of stages that feature all genres such as dance, ballad, hip-hop, rock, trot, and more.
The 2014 MBC Gayo Daejun will be broadcast live on December 31 at 8:55 p.m. (KST).
Which artists are you most looking forward to?
Source (1)
REMI GARDE is keen to join Newcastle United as the club's new head coach – and is hoping to speak to managing director Lee Charnley this week to confirm his interest in the position.
With Derby County manager Steve McClaren having firmly ruled himself out of the running yesterday afternoon, Garde has emerged as the new favourite to replace Alan Pardew at St James' Park.
The Frenchman has been out of work since leaving his former position in charge of Lyon for personal reasons in May, but is keen to return to coaching after a seven-month hiatus.
He is understood to be aware of Newcastle's strengthening interest in securing his services, with sources in France claiming he has briefed those around him that he is willing to move to Tyneside.
Mike Ashley has delegated the responsibility for choosing Pardew's successor to Charnley and chief scout Graham Carr, with the latter known to be a strong admirer of Garde's work with Lyon.
The 48-year-old, who made 30 appearances for Arsenal during a player career that was mainly concentrated at Lyon and Strasbourg, spent eight years as Lyon's assistant manager working under Claude Puel, Paul Le Guen, Gerard Houllier and Alain Perrin.
During his time as number two, he helped Lyon win 11 trophies, and after stepping up to lead the club in June 2011, he presided over another Coupe de France triumph.
Crucially, he operated as part of a wider recruitment team at Lyon, with the club's transfer policy largely being dictated by sporting director Bernard Lacombe and president Jean-Michel Aulas.
That experience means he would not be perturbed by the current arrangement at Newcastle, which sees Carr and Charnley playing a prominent role in recruitment issues, and he is understood to be willing to operate within the parameters that Ashley is looking to establish for the ‘head coach' role.
His immediate availability, without the need for any hefty compensation, is another appealing factor playing in his favour, and with Charnley determined to make significant progress before the weekend, there is expected to be formal contact between Garde and senior Newcastle officials within the next 48 hours.
The former defender is not the only overseas candidate currently interesting the Magpies, however, with St Etienne's Christophe Galtier still not ruled out of the equation despite his recent insistence that he would not be leaving his current employers before the end of the season at the earliest.
German Thomas Tuchel, who stepped down from his previous post at Mainz last spring, is another continental coach receiving serious consideration, and while he has previously stated an unwillingness to return to work before the summer, he could find it difficult to resist an offer to move to Newcastle given the lack of alternative offers to have come his way this season.
Former Newcastle forward Temuri Ketsbaia was the major mover in the betting markets yesterday – with his odds being slashed from 33-1 to 10-1 with most bookmakers – but the chances of McClaren taking over at St James' have receded considerably following yet another public rejection of the possibility of joining the Magpies.
Having delivered something of a non-committal statement when he was asked about the Newcastle job at the weekend, McClaren could hardly have been more unequivocal as he underlined his ongoing commitment to Derby yesterday.
“Sam Rush (Derby chief executive) spoke to me about three times last week and I said to him then, ‘Look, don't worry, I am going nowhere',” said McClaren. “I have got a job to do here. I don't want to let people down here.
“You've got to show loyalty. Derby have given me a great opportunity. They have backed me and Sam, and the owners have been fantastic.
“We have asked players to commit to long contracts to take Derby forward, and the staff as well. We are building here and I want to see the job through.
“I love it here. I don't want to let people down and there is no question of that, despite all the rumours. These things are going to crop up with players and staff, and it can't derail us.
“Our objective is to push for the Premier League and we feel we are in a good position to do that. I don't want to let people down on that. The supporters have been fantastic with me from day one. There is nothing in my mind that says I am going anywhere.”
John Carver is expected to remain in caretaker charge of Newcastle for Saturday's game at Chelsea, and the former assistant will be free to select Moussa Sissoko after senior Magpies sources strongly rejected suggestions in France that Paris St Germain were in advanced talks for the midfielder.
Steven Taylor will not be involved at Stamford Bridge, and remains extremely unlikely to play again this season as he prepares to undergo Achilles surgery in a private London hospital later today.
These are external links and will open in a new window
These are external links and will open in a new window
Image copyright EPA Image caption The purge bolsters the position of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
The arrest of dozens of Saudi royal figures, ministers and businessmen is just the start of an anti-corruption drive, the attorney general says.
Sheikh Saud Al Mojeb issued a statement describing the detentions as "merely the start of a vital process to root out corruption wherever it exists".
News of a major purge of Saudi Arabia's business and political leadership emerged on Sunday.
It is seen as bolstering the power of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
An anti-corruption body led by the crown prince, 32, ordered the detentions of 11 princes, four ministers and dozens of ex-ministers. Internationally known billionaire businessman Al-Waleed bin Talal was reported to be among those held.
Sheikh Saud Al Mojeb's statement on the progress of the investigation spoke of "phase one" being complete.
"A great deal of evidence has already been gathered, and detailed questioning has taken place," it continued.
"All those suspected to date, will have full access to legal resources, and the trials will be held in a timely and open manner for all concerned."
The update on the corruption probe came as the authorities continue to investigate a helicopter crash near Saudi Arabia's border with Yemen.
Prince Mansour bin Muqrin, the deputy governor of Asir province, was returning from an inspection tour when his aircraft came down near Abha late on Sunday.
The cause of the crash is not clear.
Image copyright Twitter/@asirmunicipal Image caption Prince Mansour was the son of former Crown Prince Muqrin bin Abdulaziz
Prince Mansour was the son of Prince Muqrin bin Abdulaziz, a former intelligence chief who was crown prince between January and April 2015, when he was pushed aside by Prince Mohammed's father, King Salman, now 81.
The official Saudi Press Agency said the prince and seven provincial officials had been touring coastal projects west of the city of Abha.
For the past two-and-a-half years, Saudi Arabia has been leading a coalition that is supporting Yemen's internationally-recognised government in its war with the rebel Houthi movement.
The interior ministry statement did not draw any link between the crash and the conflict, but on Saturday the Saudi military intercepted and destroyed a ballistic missile near the capital, Riyadh, that was fired by Houthi fighters.
Seismic changes
By Frank Gardner, BBC security correspondent
These are heady and unpredictable times in Saudi Arabia. The Arab world's richest country is undergoing seismic changes almost unprecedented in its 85-year history as a sovereign nation.
The idea of dozens of familiar pillars of the establishment all being publicly and humiliatingly removed from office and detained, albeit in great comfort, would have been unthinkable just three years ago.
But the conservative, stodgy, risk-averse Saudi Arabia of old is under new management these days. Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, who is leading the official anti-corruption purge, appears determined to take on all comers in his drive to both modernise the country and eliminate all opposition, both secular and religious.
He is popular with young Saudis but critics say he is playing for high stakes, risking a dangerous backlash.
A girl poses for pictures with a Teddy Bear she bought at a Teddy Bear Museum in Chengdu, capital of southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 11, 2012. The Museum, which opened on Sunday at the International Sports City in Wenjiang District of Chengdu, displays a collection of more than 1000 Teddy Bears. The world's first Teddy Bear Museum was established in Petersfield, England in 1984. (Xinhua/Jiang Hongjing)
Combined photo made on Nov. 11, 2012 shows (top to bottom) Teddy Bears laid in a scenario of an ancient Chinese great artwork - Chinese Symphonic Picture Riverside Scene at Qingming Festival, in a scenario of the Great Wall in China, in a scenario of a Colosseum in the ancient Rome and in a scenario of the Machu Picchu Castle in Peru, at a Teddy Bear Museum in Chengdu, capital of southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 11, 2012. The Museum, which opened on Sunday at the International Sports City in Wenjiang District of Chengdu, displays a collection of more than 1000 Teddy Bears. The world's first Teddy Bear Museum was established in Petersfield, England in 1984. (Xinhua/Jiang Hongjing)
People visit a Teddy Bear Museum in Chengdu, capital of southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 11, 2012. The Museum, which opened on Sunday at the International Sports City in Wenjiang District of Chengdu, displays a collection of more than 1000 Teddy Bears. The world's first Teddy Bear Museum was established in Petersfield, England in 1984. (Xinhua/Jiang Hongjing)
People take pictures of Teddy Bears at a Teddy Bear Museum in Chengdu, capital of southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 11, 2012. The Museum, which opened on Sunday at the International Sports City in Wenjiang District of Chengdu, displays a collection of more than 1000 Teddy Bears. The world's first Teddy Bear Museum was established in Petersfield, England in 1984. (Xinhua/Jiang Hongjing)
Two children look at Teddy Bears at a Teddy Bear Museum in Chengdu, capital of southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 11, 2012. The Museum, which opened on Sunday at the International Sports City in Wenjiang District of Chengdu, displays a collection of more than 1000 Teddy Bears. The world's first Teddy Bear Museum was established in Petersfield, England in 1984. (Xinhua/Jiang Hongjing)
Two little girls pose for pictures after buying Teddy Bears at a Teddy Bear Museum in Chengdu, capital of southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 11, 2012. The Museum, which opened on Sunday at the International Sports City in Wenjiang District of Chengdu, displays a collection of more than 1000 Teddy Bears. The world's first Teddy Bear Museum was established in Petersfield, England in 1984. (Xinhua/Jiang Hongjing)
Combined photo made on Nov. 11, 2012 shows precious Teddy Bears displayed at a Teddy Bear Museum in Chengdu, capital of southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 11, 2012. The Museum, which opened on Sunday at the International Sports City in Wenjiang District of Chengdu, displays a collection of more than 1000 Teddy Bears. The world's first Teddy Bear Museum was established in Petersfield, England in 1984. (Xinhua/Jiang Hongjing)
A Teddy Bear Museum pened on Sunday at the International Sports City in Wenjiang District of Chengdu, displays a collection of more than 1000 Teddy Bears.
The world's first Teddy Bear Museum was established in Petersfield, England in 1984.
NY Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, member in good standing of Democratic Party's warmongering wing
NY Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, member in good standing of Democratic Party's warmongering wing
Bob Menendez (NJ)
Chuck Schumer (NY)
Ben Cardin (MD)
Bob Casey (PA)
Chris Coons (DE)
Dick Blumenthal (CT)
Mark Begich (AK)
Mark Pryor (AR)
Mary Landrieu (LA)
Kirsten Gillibrand (NY)
Mark Warner (VA)
Kay Hagan (NC)
Joe Donnelly (IN)
Cory Booker (NJ)
Joe Manchin (WV)
A group of Democrats are joining Republicans in trying to undermine the White House's negotiations with Iran by imposing a new set of sanctions . Fifteen of them, actually, who prefer status quo bluster and threats to diplomacy that might actually do something to end Iran's nuclear ambitions. They are
The Senate equivalent of the Blue Dog caucus is well represented on this list, with Begich, Casey, Donnelly, Landrieu, Manchin, Pryor, and Warner. I've always considered Coons and Blumenthal to be part of the party's business/corporatist wing. But I guess they hate diplomacy too.
The most interesting are Booker and Gillibrand, both harboring presidential ambitions. If anything, 2008 should've taught Democratic presidential contenders that a policy of warmongering no longer plays well in Democratic primaries. Someone might want to remind these two of what Hillary learned that year.
The real danger is that a veto-proof majority could emerge supporting new sanctions, undercutting the administration's diplomacy efforts. We expect that sort of thing from Republicans, of course, but we shouldn't abide it from our Democrats. So use this tool to find out where your own senators stand and send them a message on how you feel about this issue.
So don't sit on the sidelines. Make sure your voice is heard.
Costa has complained about his treatment under Conte, who has fined him for not returning from his summer break John Walton/PA
Chelsea have edged close to an agreement to sell Diego Costa to Atletico Madrid in a deal worth up to £50 million.
The clubs have discussed an initial fee of about £40 million with the rest in add-ons for the striker who has not returned to the west London club this season. Atletico can sign the player but can not register him until January because of a transfer ban that was imposed by Fifa this summer.
Enrique Cerezo, the Atletico Madrid president, has said that he is “optimistic” Costa will join. The Spanish transfer window will close on Friday meaning that the deal could take place after English clubs are permitted to bring in players. The English window closes tomorrow night at 11pm.
Costa has…
Eight years ago, Becky Hammon, then a star point guard for the WNBA team the San Antonio Stars, was at a crossroads. She'd made the All-Star team four times during her tenure in the WNBA, but she was fast losing sight of her dream to play in the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Despite her successes—before joining the WNBA, she broke Colorado State's records for scoring, steals, and assists, earning the title of All-American three times—she had been largely overlooked by the U.S. Olympic team.
Undaunted and determined to play, Hammon still wound up on the Beijing court—but wearing a Russian jersey. While many female basketball players join overseas teams during the off-season to earn extra money, Hammon chose to apply for Russian citizenship and formally become a dual citizen. It stirred up plenty of flack back home, and also earned her a bronze medal (the U.S. won the gold). The Russian decision "laid a foundation for me to step out and be bold and do what I know is right to do," Hammon says. "Even if you take some crap."
Today, 37-year-old Hammon has made it to the top of an even steeper hill. As an assistant coach for the defending NBA champions, the San Antonio Spurs, she's not only the first full-time female coach in the league, but also the first in all four major American professional sports (including baseball, football, and hockey).
A basketball-obsessed kid in South Dakota with bedroom walls plastered in Michael Jordan posters, Hammon once asked her dad if she'd ever be able to go pro. "He said, 'Sorry to shatter your dreams, but no,'" she recalls (the WNBA formed when Hammon was 19). "But he never said anything about coaching." Now, as one of six Spurs assistant coaches, she's involved in team operations from front to back: scouting opposing teams, giving the players feedback during practices, and strategizing plays. That analytical mind is what she's known for. At 5'6", Hammon compensated for her height disadvantage while playing by developing a keen understanding of the game. "I was always smaller and slower than everybody else, so I had to figure out other ways to be successful," she says. "Some people can survive on their athleticism; I had to survive on my brain."
In 2012, on the flight home from the London Olympics, where she again played for Russia (although no medal this time), she switched seats to be next to San Antonio Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich. The two felt an instant compatibility, talking during the entire trip about "pretty much everything but basketball," she recalls. So when Hammon suffered a knee injury the following year, she used her downtime to shadow the Spurs staff as a coaching intern, which laid the groundwork for her to join the team full-time.
After years of fighting her way into unlikely positions, Hammon is quick to brush off the idea that women have different coaching sensibilities, or that her gender is an issue. Despite the physical differences between the sexes, "skill-wise, there are some women who can compete with the guys: shooting, dribbling, passing, and the IQ stuff," she says. And on the court and in the locker room with the Spurs, she adds, "You're getting to know these guys as people, and as players. You have to develop a rapport. They give me a lot of respect." Still, the gravity of her position is starting to sink in. "It's 2015, and I'm the first female coach in any of the major sports," she says, laughing. "That's ridiculous!"
This article appears in the March 2015 issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands now.
You should also check out:
It's 2015. Let's Step Away From the Glass Cliff
Is Doing It All the New "Having It All"? A Look at the Changing Face of Women's Careers
Political Scion Vanessa Kerry on Finding Her Own Way and Founding a World-Changing Organization
Fewer Women Run Large Companies than Dudes Named John
A really nice and thoughtful article by Susan Scafidi on Pharrell Williams' wearing a Native American headdress on the cover of Elle Magazine last year. The controversy, as well as the article, are admittedly old, but Scafidi's thoughts on cultural appropriation are still relevant and very worth reading. An excerpt:
Fashion is notorious for ransacking the world's closets in search of inspiration, but designers are no more culturally acquisitive than chefs who prepare fusion cuisine, musicians in search of a world beat, or any of us who pepper our conversations with foreign phrases in search of a certain conversational je ne sais quoi. The globe is a rich buffet, and those of us blessed with choice naturally go in search of cultural capital and varied experience.
The link between clothing and personal identity, however, means that putting on another culture's clothes is a greater claim to ownership and belonging than sampling sushi or buying a burrito for lunch. As long as nudity isn't a socially acceptable option, we are what we wear – and our desire to define ourselves through borrowed finery can either enrich or impoverish the source community.
Staying on the right side of the inspiration/appropriation divide requires individual awareness and attention to three S's: significance (or sacredness), source and similarity. What's the significance of the necklace you're about to put on: is it just jewelry or a set of prayer beads? Did the source community invite you to wear that traditional robe, perhaps via voluntary sale, and does the community still suffer from a history of exploitation, discrimination or oppression? And how similar is that designer adaptation to the original: a head-to-toe copy, or just a nod in the direction of silhouette or pattern?
According to new Monthly Treasury Statement , the U.S. posted a $116.5 billion budget surplus in June.
Revenue climbed 10.2% to $286.6 billion, while outlays plunged 46.8% to $170.1 billion.
This is the biggest surplus since April 2008.
This was also higher than the $115 billion surplus expected by the CBO and by economists surveyed by Bloomberg.
"Some of the swing in the budget in today's report for June will be exaggerated by calendar quirks and a payment from Fannie Mae, but the trend is clearly toward improvement," said High Frequency Economics' Jim O'Sullivan before the statement was released.
"The deficit has dropped to an estimated 4.4% of GDP in the past four quarters from 8.0% in the previous four quarters and more than 10% at the peak in 2009. The downtrend has reflected strength in revenues as well as weakness in outlays. Some of the strength in revenues is the result of higher tax rates, but the data also suggest that GDP may have been undercounted."
"Without those calendar shifts, the difference between the surplus in June and deficit last year would have been $102B," said UBS's Maury Harris ahead of the statement.
Fiscal year-to-date, the budget deficit sits at $510 billion.
"If the current laws that govern federal taxes and spending do not change, the budget deficit will shrink this year to $642 billion, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates, the smallest shortfall since 2008," said the Congressional Budget Office in May.
All of this comes as the U.S. economy tries to gain steam amid a fiscal drag, which included the dreaded sequester.
To start with this review, I think these are really good, soft brushes for the price compared to higher end brushes like Sigma, MAC etc. The brushes are all made of synthetic hairs so they are very versatile and can apply multiple types of eye shadows, liner, and brows beautifully. Really like them. But now to talk about each individual brush since I'm sure you want to know more before buying.
Starting off, my favorite is the accent brush because it's the perfect size to smudge and smoke out the lower lashline precisely, and highlight the inner corners of the eye. It's a bit stiff though, but still a great brush that serves its function. It is great brush for any precise detail work.
My second favorite is the base shadow brush. It's a really fluffy brush that I use to lightly dust the base or transition color or to lightly blend colors. It's similar to the Sigma E25 in shape and hair length, but much fluffier. Good brush.
Next, to talk about the deluxe crease brush. I'm gonna say first that this is a good brush. It's a great brush to quickly apply a base shadow and I often use it for that purpose to set my primer. But, my problem with this brush, which honestly grates me quite a lot, is that despite being called a crease brush, it is almost anything but for I feel a lot of people. I'll tell you why. This brush is way too oversized for crease work. I'm not gonna say it's completely unusable for crease work, but unless you have large amounts of eye space like the lovely ladies of Pixiwoo/Real Techinques who made this, this brush won't serve you that specific function of crease work. I have monolids so I can't image anyone with my eyes, hooded lids, or small eyes in general be able to use this brush for the crease. Again, it's a good brush and I found and enjoy other ways of using it so not gonna dock points, but it just has a badly picked name in my opinion.
Second to last, to talk about the brow brush. I think this is a really nice brush to use with brow powders. It's really soft and easily picks up the brow product with for easy, quick application. Only issue I have is that this brush is quite big if you want a precise application. This brow brush is much bigger than my Nyx, ABH, and Benefit brow brushes and I typically like my brows more precise most days. So if you don't care about ultra precision and just need a quick sweep to fill in your brows, this brush is for you. I sometimes use it on my lazier days. Now it's not unusable if you don't want to use it for the brows. It's also a great brush to use with shadow if you need a large angle brush.
Finally, to the fine liner brush. I don't use it personally for liner since I use felt-tip liners, but I'll say this brush has the quality for a liner brush. It's thin and precise. But you might wonder what I use it for if I don't use it for liner. I use it for precise detail concealing. Good brush if you want to use it for liner or other uses.
To wrap up on my thoughts and other details, I guess the last thing I want to add is that they haven't shed on me yet after a year (I use baby shampoo to clean my brushes btw) so it really is a good cheap investment. Definitely recommend if you're looking for affordable eye brushes without breaking bank. Hope this helps!
Fedor Emelianenko was a target for many. | Photo: Taro Irei/Sherdog.com
Jeff Sherwood/Sherdog.com
Couture excelled in two divisions.
Over the years, one of the main selling points of mixed martial arts has been its ability to deliver the fights people want to see. Whether or not you agree with the methods of UFC President Dana White, it is hard to argue with his track record of delivering big-ticket bouts. Without question, 2012 has been a challenging year for the sport, with many pivotal matchups falling by the wayside due to injuries and withdrawals. The good news: many of those bouts -- i.e. Jose Aldo Quinton Jackson , etcetera -- still have plenty of time to materialize.As with any sport, however, MMA still has its share of “What if?” matchups, bouts that, for some reason or another, did not happen and probably never will. What if M-1 Global and White had been able to agree to term? What if Wanderlei Silva fought in the Ultimate Fighting Championship in his prime? What if “The Spider” stepped into the Octagon as a welterweight? What if Sean Gannon got a sanctioned bout with Kimbo Sli ... just seeing if you were still paying attention.For every great fight that actually happened, there is always another that fell through the cracks. As voted on by a 10-person panel of Sherdog.com staff, here are our choices for the “Top 10 Matches That Were Never Made,” and, no, Dave Bautista Rashid Evans did not make the cut. Let the arguments begin.Four years ago, with Couture finally inked to a new three-fight deal after a lengthy contract dispute, White spouted his usual lines of bravado about the promotion's potential acquisition of Emelianenko, who was then regarded by many as the world's pound-for-pound best mixed martial artist.At the time, the stoic Russian was still gainfully employed by Affliction , an apparel company that had thrown its hat into the MMA game. While the fledgling organization had managed to stockpile a considerable stable of talent, particularly at heavyweight, it was also hemorrhaging money. According to White, Emelianenko's entry into the Zuffa family was a foregone conclusion. After all, Couture had re-upped with the Las Vegas-based company under the assumption that his desired showdown with the former Pride Fighting Championships titleholder would be delivered.“These guys are dying on the vine,” White said, pointing to Affliction during a 2008 conference call. “They'll be gone in a couple of months anyway and then Fedor will have to come here. Listen, you're not under contract if the company isn't in business anymore. We'll figure it out.”White was right about one thing: Affliction's time was limited. However, “The Last Emperor,” despite raising his stock to an all-time high with first-round victories over former UFC champions Tim Sylvia and Andrei Arlovski while fighting for the short-lived promotion, would never set foot inside an Octagon. White was never able to see eye-to-eye with M-1 Global, Emelianenko's management team.“He got offered a [expletive] assload of money,” White said in June 2009. “A ton of money, everything he wanted. He can go fight in sambo every [expletive] Thursday night if he wants to. He can do everything he wanted to. We showed them nothing but respect.”Instead, Emelianenko went to Strikeforce and eventually suffered a string of losses that resulted in his release -- after the company was under Zuffa ownership, no less. Couture, who had relinquished his title to Brock Lesnar in November 2008, competed once more at heavyweight -- aside from his freakshow bout with James Toney -- before returning to 205 pounds. He retired in 2011, while Emelianenko called it a career earlier this year.“I wish [I could have fought Emelianenko] when we were both kind of at our peak; if it had happened it would have been something special,” Couture told The Score. “The cards didn't just come out that way.”
The Rally's drive-through on Jefferson in South City had a action movie-style shoot out in it, thankfully while we weren't waiting in line to get our Baconzilla meal deal.
It all started as a basic St. Louis carjacking. Oh, except it was in a Rally's drive through. Blockquote has all the details.
It was a robbery attempt outside the Rally's on Jefferson. The victim says he and a friend were contemplating their order, when two suspects tried to get in the car.
Oh snap! That sucks. Are they sure it was a carjacking they could have just been popping in to get down on some cheddar-bacon fries.
But when they pulled their guns on him[…]
Ah. Carjacking.
the victim pulled his gun out too.
Oh hell yeah!
He says, “The first shot hit me, then I reached over while I was in the car and I shot two times. That's when, he didn't expect what was going on and he shot again.”
Bad Boys, Bad Boys, what cha gonna do!?
The victim was shot twice, once in each leg. But that didn't stop him from getting up and continuing to exchange gunfire with the suspects. In the end, one of them had been shot in the head. The other had been shot in the stomach. The victim says, “Then after that, after it all ended, I dropped down and I was just sitting in my own puddle of blood.”
Holy crap. That's pretty messed up. One time the lady at Arby's didn't give me enough horsey sauce again. Enough is enough I thought…I'm going to go in there and tell her that one packet for two sandwiches isn't going to cut it. Give her a piece of my mind…I mean, what? Are these packets coming out of her wages? Give me a break!
Anyway, long story short, I decided not to make a scene. She knew she messed up when she saw my face be all like “What?!” and then when I said “Thanks, have a nice day!” If you just put horseradish in mayo, you can make it at home.
She won't do that too me again.
via KSDK
I'm not going to explain what Bitcoins are or why I find them interesting— I already did that here. I'm also not going to discuss general issues related to the anonymity of Bitcoin. Finally I'm not going to discuss tools like Bitbills here, which may be useful, but aren't in themselves a true and complete Bitcoin transfer.
In this posting I want to clarify a term of art surrounding Bitcoins that I think can be misleading and confusing to people who are just learning about the technology, primarily due to its familiarity from other contexts: the idea that Bitcoins are “sent” from one person to another like conventional money. We're used to the idea that physical goods or money (coins or bills) can be physically “sent” by a sender, via a courier, to a receiver. In the case of electronic money, the courier is a “trusted” third party like a bank or Western Union which handles the digital or physical instruments involved in the transaction. In the case of e-mail, sending involves copying a message from the sender's computer, to a third party's mail server (the courier), which is trusted to give a correct copy of the original message to the receiver's computer.
But no one ever “sends” a Bitcoin (or fraction thereof) in any way that resembles those existing schemes— this is a big part of what makes Bitcoin different from all previous forms of currency. True, from a user's perspective you just click “Send Bitcoins”, enter the amount and the receiving address, and click OK. In a few minutes, the Bitcoins show up in the receiver's wallet. It looks like something has been “sent,” but this is just a useful fiction.
Behind the scenes, the “sender's” client software makes a public (yet thanks to cryptography both anonymous and non-repudiable) declaration that one or more (usually several) anonymous identities they control, and that previously had a certain amount of Bitcoin value assigned to them, no longer control that value because it is now being assigned to one or more other anonymous identities. This declaration is broadcast by the sender's client software to the peer-to-peer network ultimately consisting of everyone running the Bitcoin client software, which then forms a collective consensus over whether that declaration is valid based on the log of the accepted history of all previous transactions (the “block chain.”) Assuming that consensus is reached on the new transaction, the network collectively enters it, along with a number of other accepted transactions (together called a “block”) into the log. While it takes very little computing power for the Bitcoin clients to verify that a new block is valid, it deliberately takes a lot of computational power to create new blocks that will be accepted as valid by everyone else, and exponentially greater levels of power to fabricate a version of the log that changes its history (this is what Bitcoin “miners” are busy doing— securing the block chain by creating blocks that are easy for everyone to verify, but extremely hard for anyone to change after the fact.) The log is copied by everyone who's Bitcoin software cares— currently this is practically everyone, but that will change as more people use Bitcoin, especially where small mobile devices are concerned. The system as a whole works because virtually everyone's copies agree, and anyone attempting to make new declarations based on logs that don't agree (accidentally corrupted or deliberately forged) is simply ignored by everyone else.
So Bitcoins are a lot more like the giant stone coins of Yap than anything that jingles in your pocket. On Yap the coins, once made, were never moved— people knew the history of the coins and shared a consensus about their value and who owned which ones, and that consensus was all that mattered. Transferring a coin was a matter of public contract. Bitcoin takes it a giant step further, and lets anonymous identities (often many per user) own any fraction of these digital coins and assign them to other anonymous identities by public declaration and cryptographic contract. Unlike conventional currencies, the “trusted third party” is the consensus of the entire network, which ceases to be a single point of failure like a bank or government. Unlike on Yap, the “sender” and “receiver” never actually need to know each other's true identities. Nothing is “sent” between them— not even eye contact— so there is nothing that a third party can intercept along the way in an attempt to block or modify the transfer.
Union members from around the country rally at the Michigan State Capitol to protest a vote on Right-to-Work legislation on Tuesday in Lansing, Michigan. Photo by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images.
In terms of practical economic impacts, I think the right-to-work controversy set off by Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder's decision to undertake a lame duck flip-flop is perhaps overstated. If you compare Montgomery County in labor-friendly Maryland to Fairfax County in right-to-work Virginia, your overwhelming impression will be that these are very similar affluent suburbs of the same city. But apples-to-apple comparisons are hard to find and since union rules are highly correlated with other political indicators it's easy to cherry pick points. The conservative parts of America are generally poorer than the liberal parts, but also faster-growing. So if you want to claim that right-to-work laws are immiserating or growth-friendly, you can help yourself to whatever statistics you like.
But what's not murky is the absurd hypocrisy that has to go into making the case for right-to-work legislation.
The way this works is that if there's a labor union at a given business establishment that's bargaining for some higher pay or benefits or better work-rules or whatever it's rapidly going to find that there's a free rider problem. Everyone in the relevant class of workers gets the benefits whether or not they join the union. So something the union is often going to want to bargain for is some kind of rule stating that everyone hired in the relevant class has to join the union, or has to pay dues to the union, or something else along those lines.
Now naturally an employer's not going to want to agree to that. But he's not going to want to agree to higher pay or more vacation days either. That's why it's a negotiation. A right-to-work law is a law banning employers from making that concession.
The impact, obviously, is to make it hard to form strong unions in a given jurisdiction and thus make it a more business-friendly jurisdiction. But note that this same trick works across the board. You could just ban pay raises in general. Any one firm, after all, faces a dilemma. On the one hand it would be more profitable to pay people less. On the other hand, it's also unprofitable to have everyone quit to go work for some other higher-paying company. So a law against pay raises would make everyone more profitable, spurring crazy business investment and job creation. Except nobody does that because it would be (a) insane and (b) obviously unfair. And yet the proponents of right-to-work laws are generally exactly the people most inclined to stand up for freedom of contract under other circumstances.
Welcome to Caged
Posted by WasabiOne 3 years ago
After the successful construction of a new mining station on asteroid codename: Kodiak, the crew of the Industrial Construction Vessel “Caged” sent out a distress signal. ALTERRA Corp quickly dispatched a private military unit to investigate the source of the distress, what they found was an empty vessel and no signs of human life…
Welcome to Caged, the newest official map in the NS2 universe. A throwback to the original NS1 Map by Nelson ‘manah' Ferryman, Flaterectomy and other community contributors and testers have worked to honor the original but also offer a new take for the current state of play. Caged offers players a fun four techpoint map with plenty of res and unique rooms and corridors for epic combat engagements.
What would a new map be without some other goodies? As a special treat, players who play on caged for two hours or more within the first week of release will unlock a new skulk skin. This can only be earned until June 10, 2016. After this date you will only be able to trade or buy it from players that earned it in the community marketplace. Get it FREE while you can!
Travel deep into the heart of Caged and see what skulks in the cold darkness. With its piercing blue eyes and ravaging look, this Skulk is sure to make many a marine wary of the fight ahead.
Update 301 sees continued tweaks to the new features we've added over the last few weeks and also sees a newer variant of Alien Vision and Spores! With the help of Ironhorse we have gone over a lot of the effects and cinematics and made them friendlier to engagements and less screen clutter. See more in the update log below.
These last few weeks of development have been very interesting with new features and balance tweaks and we have appreciated all the feedback. Thank you again to our Playtesters and Leads for helping us get through the faster rate of updates to the game. Also a big thanks to those of you in the public that have been coming and playing the public beta with us, it has been a huge help. We have seen a recent influx of new players to the community and we hope we can only continue to grow these numbers in the future, but this also happens with your help in supporting and helping the new players feel encouraged. Thank you to those of you taking the time to teach and show new players why we love this game so much!
UPDATE LOG
Tweaks / Improvements
New Map Caged by Flaterectomy: Remake of the original NS1 map ns_caged 4 Tech Points and 10 Resource Points Added loading screens for Caged (thanks Samus ) Added an achievement “Unleashed” for playing on Caged for 2 hours Added the new “Abyss” skulk skin, which is rewarded free for a limited time for unlocking “Unleashed”. Added a new main menu background.
Remind the server operators to add the map to their mapcycle!
Bot “Evolution”: Alien bots evolve now into Lerks, Fades and Oni. Improved the Lerks, Fade and Oni bot behavior. Alien commander bots now manage better with their team ressources Marine commander bots will also research The MG now.
Aliens: Alien Vision Gorges and Babblers are highlighted and outlined in green Friendly units are highlighted orange instead of red and are less highlighted than enemies Enemy parasited outlines are now yellow to differentiate from friendlies Lerk: Spores: Spores are now a ranged ability like Umbra Spores require now biomass 4 (instead of 6) Lowered damage to 15 health points (was 20) Increased energy costs to 16 (was 8) Umbra: Umbra requires now biomass 5 (instead of 4) Onos: Boneshield Boneshield requires now biomass 6 (instead of 5) Added a new visual effects for bone shield The cooldown time of Boneshield now depends on how long it was used You can now trigger Boneshield again after a misclick, and not have it instantly go on full cooldown Boneshield now cost only 20 energy (instead of 40) Boneshield restores 112.5 armor per second The maximum cool down is 12.5 seconds Bone shield only blocks 50% of damage (from the front) Cysts: The health points of a mature Cyst is now based on the length of the cyst chain to the hive. Cysts will have a minimum of 200 health points. The Cysts redeploy radius has been increased to 7 (was 6) The Cysts chains will now update when a hive is destroyed or completed. Optimized cyst chain code to run faster Hallucinations The cooldown of hallucinations has been increased to 12 (was 6) Silence Upgrade Silence also stops attack sounds from playing
Marines: Flamethrower Increased rate of fire by 50%. Increased costs to 12 pres (was 10) Lowered damage to 8 (was 16) The Flamethrower now does more damage to structures over time (up to an additional 50% damage) when directly damaging a structure. Removed Flamethrower making hit targets weigh more. MG Improved the sounds
Health bars Enemies are now marked (when first hit) based on server-authoritative damage, to make them more accurate Updated the line of sight routine to make the hide and show correctly
Blood splatter HUD damage effects have been improved (Thanks IronHorse !)
Server browser Ping and performance values will now be displayed via icons in the server list. Choosing a server list tab will also reset the server list slide bar.
Fixes
Fixed a critical script error when babblers tried to cling to a dead gorge causing the server to lag until the map got changed.
Fixed that the Alien Vision outlined the skybox.
Fixed the dropped MG outline not being red.
Fixed that marines with a MG didn't have a red ammo bar for Commanders
Fixed that Umbra didn't block any damage from the MG.
Fixed that Lerk ragdolls did not dissolve.
Fixed Hive-UI Icons scaling misalignment for 16:10 resolutions
Fixed that the Alien Vision made entities blur when you blinked as Fade.
Updated a few outdated in-game descriptions.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Vanilla.
Lionel Messi's 2014/15 season ended so well that it's probably easy to forget the doubts that were lingering around him at the beginning; doubts that he was or could be the player he was in the 2012 season, there were thoughts that he was in decline. Over the season, he did show that he has changed as a player, but not necessarily for the worse. Here are some of the distilled moments that I think showed how he was changing, and how he was critical to the success of his team.
Some of these moments are more subtle and were easily forgotten, some were more prominent and of those I tried to show those from a new angle, since we might have seen the same old ones too many times. I hope you enjoy it.
(1) Messi's assist for Neymar's second goal against Athletic Club Bilbao, 13 Sep 2014
Looking back now, I think this is when people started to see how Messi was taking on a more creative role at Barcelona and passing on a lot of the finishing to other forwards. This is also when we began to see how Messi had likely been mentoring Neymar. A nice detail is that after Messi makes his pass, he just waits there by the post, calm and confident as Neymar executes the play.
(2) Messi's free kick to equalize Zarra's record, Sevilla, 22 Nov 2014
Barça lost against PSG, Real Madrid, and Celta and then Messi had a few weeks of uncharacteristic misses. People were starting to feel like this was going to be a rough transitional season for Barcelona, the talk about Messi passing his peak intensified. Then Messi and the rest of the team played a strong game against Sevilla starting with this picture-perfect free kick goal — the first in a hat-trick that broke Zarra's record for most goals in La Liga and set the new one. Speculation that Messi might not be as good was brought into question and Barcelona won against a strong team for the first time in the season.
Another Messi moment came at the end of the match as Xavi insisted that the bashful Messi go back out and get some love from the fans.
(3) Messi goes out of 2014 with this quiet but unusual goal, Córdoba, 20 Dec 2014.
In the last minutes of the last game of the year came this little goal. It was the fifth in a 5-0 win, so not significant for the scoreline, however people were still mumbling that Messi didn't quite have the same spark of true goal brilliance that was known for before the 2013/2014 season.
(4) Messi goes on a tear, Atlético Madrid, 11 Jan 2015 .
For the first match against Atlético that season, the lingering image for many is of the Messi, Neymar, and Suarez happily celebrating together after Messi's goal . (Which was nice on it's own — I mean, who slide tackles and then immediately scores?) But for me, that image is what I recall. The disappointment of the loss against Real Sociedad had just been a week before, and people everywhere were talking about the “crisis” at Barcelona. But in this match, Messi came out of the gate and played like a man possessed. He was an aggressive version of himself that people had not seen in a while, or maybe ever. This was the first match Barcelona had been able to win against Atlético in three years.
(5) Messi sets up this play with a classic diagonal arcing pass, and completes it with a right-footed goal for the winner, Villarreal, 1 February 2015 .
Barcelona was suffering against Villarreal, coming from behind. This goal was the winner and, I think, the quintessential example of the “new” Messi. Not too much new in its parts, except maybe the right-footed goal, but putting it all together like that showed he could step up on any part of the front third of the pitch or even further back. This was a period when Neymar's finishing was a bit off and before Suárez had hit his stride again for scoring. Barcelona was also still struggling a bit in the midfield without Xavi most of the time and with Iniesta adjusting to the new system. Messi held a lot together with his creativity further back and going forward to finish — sometimes in the same play, as shown here. That hyper-accurate arcing pass from the the right is now an iconic move from Messi, and he finished the season with far more right footed goals and headers than in any season previous.
(6) Messi clears-up some last doubts about his abilities, Pep sees a glimpse of his own near-future, Man City, 18 Mar 2015 .
This one needs no additional commentary, in the words of Guardiola himself about Messi: “Don't write about him. Don't try to describe him: watch him.”
(7) Messi gives Neymar a penalty, Córdoba, 2 May 2015 .
Messi is on a hat-trick during the match with Córdoba, and tied with Ronaldo for the Pichichi award, when the opportunity to finish it comes with a penalty. However, Neymar had not scored during the match and Suárez already had three. Many said this was a charitable act towards Neymar, and while I have no doubt that Messi has a special place in his heart for this kid, it also shows that his eyes were on the real prize: team trophies. Neymar had been in a rough patch for a while and clearly needed a boost. A more confident Neymar meant a better chance at silverware. After this match, Neymar scored 6 more goals in 7 games, 4 of which were in the Champions League. Messi lost the Pichichi but won the treble. (I particularly like how confident Messi looks in this moment.)
(8) Messi explodes the game in the 77th minute, Bayern, 6 May 2015 .
The tie with Bavaria represented the toughest match-up for Barcelona and maybe the entire tournament. Barcelona had the upper hand for the first 15 minutes of the match but failed to score due to the great defense and then Bayern quickly regrouped. After that point the match was intense but very even. It was still 0-0 until this moment here in the 77th minute when Messi broke the deadlock and scored. After that moment, the game, the tie, and the tournament changed in favor of Barcelona.
This moment was the turning point for this match, and for Champions League of 2015 and it also cleared the way for Messi to return only a few minutes after to make one of the most talked-about goals of the season
(9) Messi nutmegs Godín and makes him eat grass with this classic beauty that won Barcelona the league[16] , and all rejoice, Atlético Madrid, 17 May 2015
Despite a dominant performance against Bayern at Camp Nou a week or so earlier, with Suárez finally scoring at full strength, Messi eased back into a more creative role in the later part of the season and was going forward less — leaving more and more of the finishing to Neymar and Luis. However, with Suárez injured for this match, and the potential to win the league on the line, Messi put on his scoring boots for this nice one, a classic of his type.
(10) The Copa del Rey goal, maybe Messi's most Messi Moment so far in his career, Athletic Club Bilbao, 30 May 2015
This post first appeared on reddit/r/barca
This meetup is run every Monday at Fionn MacCool's near the 401 at Britannia, just west of Mavis on the North side. Celebrating our third year, we're a welcoming group of fellow enthusiasts. The focus here is to have a good time and unwind with some great games and company. Be sure to be there by 7pm as we like to start then. Please support our venue. The bar has a deal on Pie's and Steam Whistle on Mondays (the steak and mushroom pie with mash is a personal favourite). We'd like to ask all attendees to at least order a drink and tip decently. If alcohol is not your thing, the bar has coffee/tea in addition to fountain drinks. Normally, we play different (and often new) games every week. While the organizer(s) usually bring a number of titles, it's fairly common now that everyone brings a game or two. Because the player count is usually not known precisely until everyone shows up, having extra games around with varying player counts helps when deciding what to play. If you do not have anything to bring, don't feel like you have to, we've got you covered.
Two neighbouring ghost towns, both failed by the 20th-century mining industry in northwest B.C., could be on the brink of new life thanks to monster power projects helmed by a pair of dreamers.
The town of Kitsault, about 115 kilometres northwest of Terrace, was a molybdenum mining community for three years until the market crashed in 1982 and its 1,200 residents abandoned it almost overnight.
Some 28 nautical kilometres down Observation Inlet is Anyox, the site of a once-booming copper mine powered by its own hydroelectric dam until both operations were shuttered in 1935, leaving the town's 3,000 residents with little reason to stay.
For more than a decade, two businessmen have been fighting to revitalize the towns.
One has plans for a floating liquefied natural gas terminal in Kitsault, while the other is rehabilitating two hydroelectric dams meant to power LNG projects.
While natural gas prices slump and Asian demand for LNG is in question, both men are banking on long-term returns.
LNG proposal in Kitsault
For nearly 33 years, Kitsault's 90 family homes, 150 condo units, hospital, grocery store, pub, curling rink and shopping mall have sat virtually untouched, like museum pieces from the early '80s.
The town's lights, powered by B.C. Hydro, remain turned on for those who visit but, aside from a pair of caretakers who mow its lawns and maintain its buildings, no one has called Kitsault home since 1983.
In 2005, Krishnan Suthanthiran, a Virginia multimillionaire and philanthropist who built an empire on medical equipment, bought Kitsault from U.S. mining company Phelps Dodge for $7 million.
Suthanthiran set out to build a community he calls Chandra Krishna Kitsault, envisioned as a haven for the globe's top artists and scientists.
But somewhere along the way — and while he spent an estimated $25 million on upgrades and upkeep — his focus shifted.
In early 2013, Suthanthiran announced a plan to build a floating LNG terminal and establish a deepwater port in Observation Inlet. Later that year he began travelling to Asia to pitch his ambitious Kitsault Energy project, estimated to cost investors $20 to 30 billion.
“We have a project that's better located, cheaper, and we will be the low-cost producer of LNG out of northwest B.C.,” Suthanthiran told the Sunday Province by phone during a recent business trip to Beijing.
Suthanthiran declared the project ready to go with a final investment decision made this year, which generally means a company has addressed fiscal, legal, regulatory, technical, engineering and community-related issues around a project, though he declined to give details about the many stakeholders involved.
The firm's export licence application to move 20 million metric tonnes of LNG per year (MMTPA) for 20 years is currently under review by the National Energy Board.
However, environmental assessments haven't yet been conducted and deals with local First Nations haven't been reached.
Also, the firm doesn't have its own pipeline, but Suthanthiran hopes to reach an agreement with Spectra Energy or TransCanada, which both have agreements for pipeline construction with the local Nisga'a Lisims government.
“We would like to use one of them and one of their permits, and then work with the Nisga a and other First Nations,” said Suthanthiran, adding he s met several times with local First Nations to discuss his plan. (Requests for interviews with Nisga'a Lisims government officials weren't returned by deadline.)
Kitsault Energy is one of 20 proposed LNG projects in B.C., and while slumping LNG prices have raised concerns about their future, Suthanthiran said he's staying the course. He hopes construction of Kitsault Energy will begin by the end of 2016 and first shipments will be made in 2018.
In preparation, he plans to restore and upgrade the town's homes, replacing their moss-covered roofs, so workers will have a home that s a cut above typical LNG camps.
How long it could actually take for everything to come together doesn't seem to worry him.
“I'm a long-term investor and I don't really look at that,” Suthanthiran said. “It's not about making profit ... and whatever we do, we need to benefit the community.”
article continues below
Electricity in Anyox
Massive amounts of electricity will be needed to power LNG projects.
Jeff Wolrige, CEO of Anyox Hydro Electric Corp., thinks he has the solution with a world-class, port-capable piece of real estate.
Wolrige and his partners now own close to 2,500 acres of property around the abandoned mining town of Anyox, where his firm is currently rehabilitating two dams that are capable of producing some 45 megawatts of power.
A restored 35-megawatt Anyox Dam could basically light up the north, with enough power for Terrace, Prince Rupert and Smithers, along with another smaller dam the company owns at the mouth of Kitsault Lake, Wolrige said.
Suthanthiran said Kitsault Energy plans to draw power from its own hydroelectric and wind sources, but Wolrige hopes LNG projects in the region will call upon Anyox when the time comes to power up.
“The stars truly have to align,” he said. “The financing is cheap now and relatively available, but ... there s not a lot of economic activity right now because of the world s depressed oil and gas prices.”
Still, Wolrige remains confident that someday Anyox will be home to a thriving hydroelectric power project. Like Suthanthiran, he's willing to be patient.
“Anybody who tells you they're going to have it up and going by 2018 … that is a real stretch,” he said of LNG projects in the region.
“I think what you have to look at is they're long-term plays.”
LNG front-runners
James Tansey, a professor with the University of B.C.'s Sauder School of Business, said that while smaller LNG projects have a chance for success, it's the big ones that are going to make it across the line from among the 20 that are proposed in B.C.
“The consensus is, at most, three to four projects — and all are likely to be the larger ones — will make it through to a final investment decision,” Tansey said.
“Probably the most advanced one,” he said, “is Petronas's Pacific NorthWest LNG, an 18 million metric tons per annum (MMPTA) export facility in the District of Port Edward.”
“They control the full supply chain, so they're really selling to themselves,” Tansey said, adding he isn't sure how Kitsault Energy s larger 20-MMPTA project will fare.
Royal Dutch Shell's Canada LNG project in Kitimat (24 MMPTA) and BG Group's Prince Rupert LNG (21 MMPTA) are two other significant players, Tansey said, though a merger of the two companies has left the fate of both projects in jeopardy.
As for how LNG projects will be powered, Tansey said there's no technical reason why an independent producer couldn't deliver the energy. Most producers use natural gas to power turbines to drive compression, Tansey said, but some projects, including the smaller Woodfibre LNG in Squamish (2.1 MMPTA), are considering electric drives.
“From a pricing perspective, the provincial government will charge a carbon tax on any natural gas use,” said Tansey, “so if they can access electricity more cheaply and avoid the carbon tax, that might play into the economics.”
Frozen in time
Take a stroll through Kitsault's streets, lined with trimmed trees and freshly mowed lawns, and you might forget no one's lived there since 1983.
“It's eerie,” said Rob Bryce, program co-ordinator for the University of Northern B.C.'s experiential tourism program, which runs a tour of remote ghost towns in northwest B.C.
“You just expect people to be there and expect them to be coming out.”
Last month, Kitsault's caretakers granted a UNBC tour group access to virtually every building in town through a special arrangement with the university.
A pair of documentary filmmakers from Calgary who were on the tour described the abandoned mining community as the perfect set for a zombie town.
Bryce and the group were surprised to have free rein in the hospital, where they found full IV bags and medical equipment sitting virtually untouched.
“Knowing it was just our group, the 11 of us, walking down the streets of these subdivisions … the grass is mowed, but there's moss on the roofs and driveways and steps … it's just a surreal feeling,” he said.
They visited the town's laundromat, post office and sports equipment store, and found a full hot tub and swimming pool.
“I just can't think of all the effort that went into keeping the place like it is,” said Bryce.
“I mean, you're looking at old racquetball courts and movie theatres, the curling rink and the pub, and you re going into the Royal Bank and you re walking in the bank vaults, and the tills still work in the grocery store.”
“The tour group slept in apartments with harvest gold appliances and decor that was exactly how everything looked when I grew up," Bryce said with a chuckle.
“It really is a modern-day ghost town because it's not like one of our early-1900s ones. It s a 1980s ghost town.”
UNBC's five-night, $3,600 tours carry 10 adventure-seekers on a pair of jet boats into five of B.C.'s most eerie and isolated spots, which include Alice Arm, Anyox, Dorreen, Port Essington and Kitsault. Bryce, whose last two tours sold out, hopes to run two trips in 2016.
Ghosts galore
B.C. is home to hundreds of ghost towns. In many of them, buildings still stand, like time capsules of decades past.
• Cassiar: An asbestos-mining town in northern B.C., Cassiar had its own Catholic church and arena. Most of its buildings were bulldozed to the ground after it closed in 1992, but several still stand.
• Sandon: This abandoned Kootenay mineral-mining town once boasted a city hall and opera house but flooding ravaged the town and it was closed in 1962, though it has gained a handful of residents since then.
• Bradian: A former suburb of gold-mining town Bralorne, Bradian was abandoned in 1971. It s currently on the market with 22 houses still standing for $1.2 million.
A taste of 1983
Following are a few pop-culture milestones and news events that made headlines back in 1983, the last time anybody actually lived in Kitsault.
• The original Star Wars trilogy concluded with Episode VI: Return of the Jedi.
• The Police topped Billboard's singles chart with Every Breath You Take.
• More than 125 million tuned in to watch the final episode of M*A*S*H.
•The Space Shuttle Challenger made its maiden flight.
• Sony released the first consumer camcorder.
• McDonald's released the Chicken McNugget.
• Michael Jackson's Thriller music video made its debut on MTV.
By Lara Skinner – With the dramatic deepening of the environmental crisis, new forms of resistance are emerging to combat the fossil fuel industry's extreme agenda. Since the 1970s, the U.S. environmental movement has grown enormously in size and visibility. This has been particularly true of the movement's mainstream segment, which has received the majority of private funding. However, growing membership and visibility have not consistently translated into concomitant growth in political power.
The professionalized, mainstream environmental movement has largely utilized top-down approaches to fight environmental degradation and climate change. Rooted in “ecological modernization” and “green capitalism,” these approaches focus on incremental changes within the current political-economic system. Notwithstanding some significant achievements, they fall short in the face of the current ecological challenges. This is in part because the mainstream movement has done little to inspire grassroots collective action and has been unable to adequately address—or shied away from addressing—the root causes of environmental degradation.
Since the 1980s, various grassroots and environmental justice organizations have been emerging and gaining strength in the U.S. These more radical movements have developed analyses linking the degradation of the environment to the social, political and economic marginalization of the working class, people of color, immigrants, women, and others. The environmental justice movement argues that a fundamental shift in power relations is necessary to prioritize the people's social and environmental needs over corporate profits. In 2009, the climate justice movement, building on the work of these grassroots organizations, emerged on the international stage at the UN Conference of the Parties in Copenhagen, Denmark, where it presented a comprehensive anti-capitalist framework to address the current environmental, climate, social and economic crises.
Lara Skinner, Associate Director of Research at Cornell University's Global Labor Institute, tracks the environmental movement's history and demonstrates how the newly emerging sub-movements challenge the goals, strategies and tactics of mainstream environmental organizations. She argues that these environmental and climate justice organizations, together with like-minded allies, provide the best opportunity to build a participatory movement with real power to address our ecological crisis in a comprehensive way.
As the fight against the fossil fuel industry's extremist energy agenda unfolds, the strength and ingenuity of these alternative organizations could very well determine whether or not the mainstream environmental movement will re-consider current strategies, break ties with fossil fuel corporations, and abandon institutional channels in favor of real systemic change. For one thing is clear: If the fossil fuel industry's agenda continues to dominate as it has, we will all pay the price.
DOWNLOAD FULL TEXT (English)
Passengers waiting to board trains crowd Beijing Railway Station February 7, 2013. REUTERS/Jason Lee
BEIJING (Reuters) - More than 400 million Chinese are unable to speak the national language Mandarin, and large numbers in the rest of the country speak it badly, state media said on Thursday as the government launched another push for linguistic unity.
China's ruling Communist Party has promoted Mandarin for decades to unite a nation with thousands of often mutually unintelligible dialects and numerous minority languages, but has been hampered by the country's size and lack of investment in education, especially in poor rural areas.
Officials have admitted they will probably never get the whole country to be able to speak Mandarin, formally called Putonghua in China, meaning “common tongue”, suggesting everyone should be able to speak it.
Ministry of Education spokeswoman Xu Mei said that only 70 percent of the country could speak Mandarin, many of them poorly, and the remaining 30 percent or 400 million people could not speak it at all, Xinhua news agency reported.
“The country still needs to invest in promoting Mandarin,” it quoted her as saying, ahead of an annual campaign to promote Mandarin held every year since 1998.
“This year the ministry will focus on the remote countryside and areas inhabited by ethnic minorities,” Xu said.
The promotion of Mandarin has long been a contentious issue in China, despite the practical benefits of having the entire population fluent in one tongue, and in some cases has lead to violent unrest.
Tibetans have protested against having to use Mandarin in schools, while in 2010 several hundred people took to the streets in the southern city of Guangzhou over fears the authorities were trying to marginalize Cantonese.
As soon as the 2015 national title game was over, there was immediate hope for a rematch in 2016. Deshaun Watson is a difficult puzzle for any defense, and he'd vexed Alabama terribly in that game, putting up 478 total yards and four touchdowns in a five-point loss.
His return in 2016, combined with Alabama's perpetual greatness under Nick Saban, made this final outcome feel so likely before the season that it's somehow surprising it actually happened.
Bama dominated its schedule, Clemson survived a few close calls, and Urban Meyer and Dabo Swinney duked it out over who would be the better rematch for Saban's Alabama. Dabo landed a knockout punch, so here we are.
What we learned from Round 1
The common pro-Clemson narrative in this game — besides the fact that they appear to be a stronger version of the team that almost beat Alabama a year ago — centers around the idea that Saban's weak spot is the spread offense.
This isn't true, strictly speaking. Saban knows how to defend it better than most other coaches do, and he has better athletes than anybody else does.
Saban is vulnerable to the spread offense, but that's because everyone is vulnerable to a well-run spread offense. That's why the NFL has become a passing league and why Tom Brady is still helping New England compete for Super Bowl rings. There's no defense for the perfect pass.
As I noted after that game, Clemson challenged Alabama in the middle of the field but not in the trenches. Between Watson's throws and scrambling and the routes of slot WR Hunter Renfrow and TE Jordan Leggett, Alabama's LBs had real difficulty navigating all of the threats.
They managed to hold Watson to 73 total rushing yards on 20 carries with two sacks by LB Rashaan Evans, the only LB who could reliably track down Watson. However, they weren't able to hold up against the passing game while minding that threat.
Here's an example. ILB Reggie Ragland was concerned with the Watson scramble and didn't arrive in time to help Reuben Foster cover a quick slant by Renfrow over the middle:
Leggett, who might be the most special talent on the Clemson offense, threw his big body around in the seams:
On this play, Alabama was in a dime package with two deep safeties, rushing three at the QB. Evans was spying on Watson in order to keep him contained in the pocket. There were no LB vs. WR matchup problems for the defense to worry about, there was help deep, and no one had to balance covering a good WR with keeping Watson in check. Clemson still scores on a 24-yard strike, thanks to an accurate toss to a big target.
Saban had that play processed and dominated on the chalkboard and still lost.
The problems for Clemson were that they couldn't handle Alabama's offensive balance (158 rushing yards for Derrick Henry, 335 passing yards for Jacob Coker) and they had little of their own to speak of (3.8 yards per carry).
Clemson was bested in the trenches on both sides, but the Watson passing game closed the gap.
What's changed for these two teams since Round 1?
Quite a bit, particularly for Alabama, whose 2016 offense looks more like a Meyer-coached outfit then the squad that took on Clemson a year ago.
Clemson has changed, as well, but not as much in tactics as in personnel, particularly on defense.
The Tigers' defense lost much of the line and secondary from 2015, but the young players have proven equally talented and are coming into their own at just the right time. Clemson is probably better equipped up front on defense than it was a year ago, when stars Shaq Lawson and Mackensie Alexander were fighting injury and Tide QB Coker had been rapidly improving as a passer.
New QB Jalen Hurts hasn't proved as adept at using Alabama's wickedly athletic receivers and only threw for 57 yards on 14 attempts in the semifinal against Washington. The main strength of the Alabama offense is still the run game, but they support it best with Hurts' keeper reads, rather than option tosses outside to ArDarius Stewart and Calvin Ridley.
Against Washington, they did a lot of their damage with outside zone, using a backside (the direction opposite the path of the offensive line) keep option for Hurts behind a lead blocker. Washington had to learn the hard way it was best not to give Hurts reason to keep the ball:
But even when the Huskies nailed down their option defense, backup RB Bo Scarbrough still had a coming-out party that called to mind Bama's long history of big running backs:
Washington was in good position to stop this play (and could have drawn a holding call) but Scarbrough's jump step and acceleration still took them down.
Clemson's challenge is to handle big, explosive runners like Scarbrough and Hurts on the perimeter without getting run over up the middle by the big Alabama OL.
The Clemson offense is very similar to what it was in 2015, with one notable exception: Mike Williams. While the Tigers were able to make hay against Bama's linebackers and safeties in the middle of the field, they didn't have someone like 6'3, 205-pound deep threat Williams to hit the outside.
Again, the perfect throw to a big target doesn't have a great defense.
Clemson doesn't throw to its RBs much, but revealed another threat in the passing game against Ohio State, using young C.J. Fuller to do things like run the dreaded wheel route:
Just one more player Clemson can force the Alabama LBs to worry about, when they'd rather focus on stopping the spread-option run or Watson's scrambling.
Finally, there's the Alabama DL, which returns largely intact and features multiple pass-rushers who can beat good OL. This was true in 2015, as well, though, and Clemson negated it with spread sets that created quick reads and with Watson's mobility.
This game could all come down to Watson, as Bama's biggest statistical advantages are against basically everything about Clemson's ground game, while Clemson's biggest edges are against several facets of Bama's offense:
So, who has an advantage in Round 2?
Saban has always built around balanced offense, a thundering run game, and elite defense. It's a consistent formula, provided good recruiting and development. This is one of Bama's stronger iterations on defense, but as Ohio State has learned over the last two years, a QB run complement to a normal rushing attack isn't quite as deadly as a passing complement. What's more, Alabama's QB is only a freshman.
As brilliant as Hurts has been, his limitations mean opposing defenses don't have to withstand the full weight of Alabama's recruiting on offense. Opponents only (“only”) have to really worry about being outflanked along the line of scrimmage, not down the field.
Clemson's formula is not easily duplicated. The Tigers have a rare, experienced talent at QB who allows them to get after opponents with the best run and pass schemes the spread has to offer. They have experienced and quality targets, whom he's been throwing to for multiple seasons. At TE they have a true elite in Leggett, a legitimately solid blocker who's devastating when flexed out and running routes.
It's harder to get into the Playoff every year when you're leaning on a timing-based passing attack or building around rare offensive talents, but when everything comes together, your ceiling is consequently higher.
Look for this special Clemson offense to reveal that ceiling can include a national championship, even over Saban.
A search is on for the author of a new book about the Pope which accuses him of being a “dictator”.
Published on Kindle in English and in Italian, The Dictator Pope appears under the pseudonym “Marcantonio Colonna”, the name of an admiral who fought at the Battle of Lepanto.
Colonna claims to be an Oxford-educated historian now based in Rome. His book tells the story of Francis's pontificate, as well as his life before becoming Pope.
Journalist Tess Livingstone wrote in The Australian that the book's publication has “sparked a frantic witch-hunt” in Rome.
The Dictator Pope draws on a wide range of material including confidential sources within the Vatican.
It interprets Francis as a particularly Argentine figure, “Juan Perón in ecclesiastical translation”. As president of Argentina, Perón would appear to agree with everyone, telling parties from different sides that they were correct. This explains, Colonna argues, the Pope's mixture of liberal and conservative statements. But The Dictator Pope also suggests that, when in Argentina, Archbishop Bergoglio moved from a more doctrinally conservative position to a more liberal one.
The book is at times harsh – it quotes one priest who reportedly worked with Archbishop Bergoglio in Argentina for years as saying: “The guy manipulates you with the affections.”
Much of the book consists of close analysis of the various controversies which have characterised Francis's time in office, including the family synod, the reform of Vatican finances and the dispute over the Knights of Malta. Colonna claims that the Pope has become unaccountable, and that the atmosphere within the Vatican is primarily one of fear. Francis is compared to Paul IV, “a zealot for religious poverty” whose papacy “ended in political scandal and popular riots against his violent unpopularity”.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 21, 2015, 10:32 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 21, 2015, 9:51 PM GMT
Formaldehyde, a known human carcinogen found in cigarette smoke, also dwells in the vaporized liquid of popular electronic or e-cigarettes, researchers said Wednesday.
E-cigarette sales are booming in the United States and many hoped so- called “vaping” would replace tobacco smoking and be a panacea for the nearly 160,000 lung cancer deaths associated with conventional cigarettes.
But according to an analysis published Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine, the exposure to formaldehyde from e-cigarettes, based on similar chronic use as tobacco, could be five to 15 times higher than from smoking cigarettes.
Inside the Vaper's Den: E-Cigarette Salvation and New Dangers
“It's way too early now from an epidemiological point of view to say how bad they are,” said co-author James F. Pankow, professor of chemistry and engineering at Portland State University in Oregon. “But the bottom line is, there are toxins and some are more than in regular cigarettes. And if you are vaping, you probably shouldn't be using it at a high-voltage setting.”
5 facts about e-cigarettes
Pankow and his colleagues analyzed aerosolized e-liquid in “tank system” e-cigarettes to detect formaldehyde-releasing agents in "hidden" form at various voltages.
They found that vaping 3 milligrams of e-cigarette liquid at a high voltage can generate 14 milligrams of loosely affiliated or “hidden” formaldehyde. Researchers estimated a tobacco smoker would get .15 milligrams of formaldehyde per cigarette or 3 milligrams in a 20-pack.
Pankow told NBC News those numbers “may be conservative.”
“We are not saying e-cigarettes are more hazardous than cigarettes,” he said. “We are only looking at one chemical. … The jury is really out on how safe these drugs are.”
There are more than 8,000 chemicals in tobacco smoke, so it's hard to pinpoint whether formaldehyde is the main culprit in cigarette-related cancers.
“A lot of people make the assumption that e-cigarettes are safe and they are perfectly fine after using for a year,” said Pankow. “The hazards of e-cigarettes, if there are any, will be seen 10 to 15 years from now when they start to appear in chronic users.”
E-cigarettes were first invented in China in 2003, but they started appearing in the United States around 2006. A five-pack of flavor cartridges costs about the same as a pack of cigarettes and starter kits can cost between $30 and $100.
A cartridge or tank contains a liquid of propylene glycol, glycerol, or both, and nicotine and flavoring. These chemicals are heated to the boiling point with a battery-operated atomizer, creating a smokeless vapor that is inhaled.
But formaldehyde-containing chemical compounds can be released during the “vaping” process as the liquid is heated. Pankow said some e-cigarettes can burn hotter than 1,000 degrees fahrenheit.
“The difference in e-cigarettes is the material that is heated and turns into hot gas as it cools is not tobacco, but two main chemicals,” he said. “When it gets really hot, unwanted reactions occur.”
Pankow said the same risks likely do not occur when vaping dry marijuana or hash oil, which typically does not use those chemicals. “But it's totally likely that some people dilute hash oil with propylene glycol and glycerol, which we know can form formaldehyde,” he said.
Formaldehyde is a colorless, strong-smelling gas used in embalming fluid, building materials and some medicines and cosmetics. It can also be produced as a byproduct of cooking and smoking.
According to the American Cancer Society, exposure to formaldehyde has been shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals and has also been linked to some cancers in humans.
When gaseous formaldehyde, found in funeral homes and other occupational settings, is inhaled, it breaks down in the mouth, nose, throat, and airways. Exposure has been linked to throat and nasal cancers and leukemias.
It's much too early to set a date, but Anderson Silva's managers are dreaming big for the former middleweight champion's return to the octagon.
Jorge Guimaraes and Ed Soares, who've guided Silva's career since his UFC debut in 2006, say the fighter's recovery is going better than expected after surgery to repair the broken leg he suffered at UFC 168.
The process is going so well, in fact, the managers mused about a super- fight against Georges St-Pierre, if the former welterweight champ returns from a self-imposed hiatus. St-Pierre vacated his belt last month to deal with personal issues but suggested he would return.
“Don't you think that's an option?” Guimaraes told MMAjunkie when asked about Silva's future.
Actually, the option was all the rage a few years ago when Silva (33-6 MMA, 16-2 UFC) and St- Pierre (25-2 MMA, 19-2 UFC) were dominant champs. Despite UFC President Dana White's repeated hints of the big fight, fans lost hope that it would ever materialize, and the fighters didn't seem too jazzed about the prospect, either.
Silva once called the idea “bull(expletive).”
But it sounds as if his camp is keeping the faith.
“Man, if we were able to pull something like that off, it would be a win-win for everybody â€” the fans, the UFC,” Soares said in a separate interview. “I think that would be awesome.”
But for now, the reps will settle for Silva's return to health. Guimaraes expects the fighter to begin physical therapy next week after stitches from the surgery come out this week.
“He's walking around on crutches and raising his leg, and he's just getting ready to start physical therapy when the doctor allows him,” Guimaraes said.
“He's already moving his toes. I feel that positive vibe on him, and that's what makes me believe he's going to come back even stronger.”
Silva broke his left tibia and fibula when middleweight champion Chris Weidman (11-0 MMA, 7-0 UFC) checked his leg kick in the second round of their rematch at the Dec. 28 UFC 168 event in Las Vegas. It was the second such injury to occur in the UFC after Corey Hill broke his right leg in a 2008 fight.
The doctor who repaired Silva's leg the night of the event said the fighter could return to training in six to nine months. He added that Silva immediately asked him for a timeline, suggesting that speculation surrounding the 38-year-old's potential retirement was premature.
Soares said the UFC covered the cost of the initial surgery and assumes the company will cover future medical bills.
“The UFC has been absolutely incredible to us and given us the best of everything,” said Soares, who lives two blocks from Silva in Los Angeles and said the champ was in good spirits during a visit Sunday.
“The way it looks now, (his recovery) looks great, and he's only getting better every day.”
For more on Silva, check out:
For complete coverage of UFC 168, stay tuned to the UFC Events section of the site.
The protest started in the morning, and not long after, the police arrived. The students shouted, "No violence!" The police told them that they weren't allowed to gather and ordered them off campus. The students responded by saying that they wouldn't leave until their demands had been met by the university administration.
The policemen then organised themselves into a line and began charging at the students, beating those who wouldn't budge with batons. At that moment, I ran and hid in a friend's studio that isn't far from the entrance to the campus.
Courageous students fighting for their freedom #buea #cameroon against police firing teargas. #EnoughIsEnough . Our time is now pic.twitter.com/aHF2MM1kSA — ABAKWA info (@ABAKWAinfo) 28 novembre 2016
"There was tear gas everywhere, so the students had to run and hide in the dormitories"
The students hit back by throwing rocks. Then the security forces responded with tear gas, forcing many of the students to run and hide in the dormitories. But officers also fired tear gas at the rooms' balconies, as if they were trying to force the students to come back out so they could hit them. We had to cover our mouths and noses with towels soaked in water. Some officers broke into the rooms by breaking down the doors. Others fired shots into the air to disperse the protesters.
Police officers chase the students. Shots can be heard in this video. Police officers chase the students. Shots can be heard in this video.
At around ten o'clock in the evening, I left the campus to go seek shelter in Limbe [a city about 30 kilometres from Buea]. But even this morning, many students were still frightened to go outside. Others decided to go back to stay with their parents, at least for the time being.
More #PoliceBrutality from University of Buea. Worth noting that in all of these vidoes, the language of torture is always French. #Cameroon pic.twitter.com/HcraJrRVTc — Dibussi Tande (@dibussi) 28 novembre 2016
In this video, officers can be heard counting in French the number of times the student on the ground has been beaten.
The part where people want me to even discuss voting or want to talk about students provoked blah blah #Buea pic.twitter.com/p1hlogFGNR — Rinay (@JenneeRinay) 29 novembre 2016
In this video, an officer orders a student lying down in the mud to roll over (0'40). Another young girl is then dragged through the mud (1'40).
>> Read more:
Awah is a young student at the University of Buea. He tells FRANCE 24's Observers what he witnessed.Since Tuesday, several videos showing security forces beating students have been shared constantly on social media networks:A handful of videos show several female students being humiliated by security forces:Apart from the demand for the late payment penalty fee to be scrapped, students are also calling for students to be paid the 'bonus for excellence', a sum worth 50,000 CFA francs [76 euros] that was introduced by Cameroon's president in 2010 to reward top performers.The students have also been showing their support for local English-speaking lawyers and teachers, many of whom have been protesting against the creeping encroachment of the French language in education and the regional legislature.On Tuesday evening, officials announced that they had responded to the protesters' core demand and abolished the 10,000 francs CFA penalty fee for late tuition payments. However, an official announcement has yet to be made regarding the students' other demands, who say they'll keep demonstrating until their grievances are addressed.
I will no longer support this mod. I am sorry for the inconvenience. If you wish to maintain this mod, shoot me a PM.
JWIN Mod
Adds no items or such, just a bunch of helpful utilities.
My Mission
Asked on reddit over here what convenience features people would like to see in a mod. Got a lot of great replies, some people are awesome at suggesting things! Anyways, I am turning this into a full-on Utility Mod, with a few goals
No Decrease in FPS - I want this to be able to be added to a pack without any significant footprint.
Mod Compatability - I want to ensure that no other mods run into issues with this, so I am making it completely non-invasive.
Convenience without being OP - I don't want gameplay to suffer, and I don't want this mod to be just another cheap way to process ores. This is a convenience mod mainly, I don't want it to be seen as another cheap way to do x or get to y.
Client / Server Separation - This will not add any blocks or items on its own. Certain features will be available to any client with the mod, certain will be available to all clients connected to a server with the mod, such as improved bed mechanics and ore stacking.
So far in the mod, I have some convenience features related to rotating blocks, mobs preventing sleep, animals being able to breed, and ores cluttering your inventory. Any suggestions? Throw them into the issue tracker with the "Suggestion" tag.
Features
Different kinds of ores, ingots, nuggets, and ingot blocks you pick up will all stack.
Bed sleeping is improved, mobs will only prevent sleep if they have direct line-of-sight to you and can path to you.
Animals will occasionally emit particles when they are unable to breed. *Re-enabled. Woo!*
Sticks, wrenches, and crowbars will rotate Logs and the like. Adding a config option to add more blocks, such as chisel blocks and such.
Animals will eat nearby dropped items (corresponding to their breeding items) and breed.
Hostile Mobs will not spawn on leaves by default.
Chunk Overlay akin to those formerly added by NEI
Mob Spawning Overlay akin to those formerly added by NEI.
Crops can be right-clicked to harvest them without breaking the crop.
An album of a few of the features here.
Modpacks
Feel free to put it in a modpack, just drop "Blur" or "SSBlur" somewhere.
Redistribution
You may redistribute this, if you provide proper credit to "Blur" or "SSBlur".
Aaron Rodgers became one of the NFL's elite quarterbacks by spreading the ball around to a star-studded group of pass catchers.
When Rodgers took over as the Green Bay Packers' starter in 2008, Jordy Nelson finished fourth on the team in receptions and James Jones was sixth. In 2009, Nelson was seventh on the team in receptions. In 2011, Randall Cobb was seventh on the team in receptions.
This season, Rodgers essentially has a two-man receiving corps.
And it hasn't mattered.
The Packers' passing game is as good as it's ever been. Even with the disappearance of Jarrett Boykin, the sporadic contributions of rookie Davante Adams and only the occasional key play by a tight end, Rodgers leads the NFL in passer rating, yards per attempt, touchdown percentage and interception percentage.
That's because Nelson and Cobb have been nothing short of sensational. Among wide receivers, Nelson ranks sixth with 60 receptions, third with 998 receiving yards and tied for second with nine touchdown receptions. Cobb has bounced back from a slow start to rank 15th with 54 receptions, 12th with 779 yards and first with 10 touchdown receptions.
Nelson and Cobb have emerged as the league's dynamic receiving duo. As the chart below illustrates, Nelson and Cobb rank second among wide receivers with 114 receptions and 1,777 yards and first with 19 receiving touchdowns. While Denver's Demaryius Thomas and Emmanuel Sanders have more receptions and yards, Nelson and Cobb have a bigger role by percent of their teams' total passing attacks.
“They're getting open a lot,” Rodgers said on his weekly radio show on ESPNWisconsin.com on Tuesday. “We're putting them in positions to be one or two but those guys are usually matchup issues for the defense. We look for those opportunities. It just depends on how defenses play us, who they try to take away. It's about progressions in the West Coast offense and looking for the best matchup. We're going to continue to play that way but, more often than not this year, those guys have been where the ball's going.”
More often than to any duo in Rodgers' career, as well.
In 2008, Greg Jennings and Donald Driver combined for 44.9 percent of the receptions, 57.0 percent of the yards and 50.0 percent of the touchdowns. That's been as “two-sided,” to coin a phrase, as any passing attack during the Rodgers era. From 2009 through 2013, no Packers duo had more than 39.3 percent of the receptions, 48.4 percent of the yards and 51.6 percent of the touchdown catches.
Contrast that to this season: Nelson and Cobb have combined for 52.8 percent of the team's receptions, 63.3 percent of the team's passing yards and 67.9 percent of the team's touchdown catches.
Can the Packers get into the playoffs and make a run with Nelson and Cobb serving as backbone of the passing game? Or, perhaps asked in a better way, can they continue to carry the load in the passing game, regardless of the opponent, or will some team find a way to slow down that two-headed monster? And if so, is Adams or someone else ready to pick up the slack in a big game?
With a rare blend of talent and chemistry, maybe Rodgers, Nelson and Cobb can carry the load all the way into February. Or maybe a team like New England will expose the Packers' two-man approach as too reliant.
Receiver Duo Team Rec. Team % Targets Team % Yds Team % TDs Team % Thomas/Sanders DEN 139 50.5 203 49.2 2,059 62.1 13 43.3 Nelson/Cobb GB 114 52.8 168 51.2 1,777 63.3 19 67.9 Jones/White ATL 114 45.2 184 47.8 1,478 52.9 8 47.1 Hilton/Wayne IND 106 38.5 172 39.4 1,556 45.7 5 17.9 Jeffery/Marshall CHI 104 41.1 176 46.1 1,347 49.2 12 57.1 Johnson/Hopkins HOU 101 56.7 163 57.2 1,395 64.0 5 38.5 Maclin/Matthews PHI 101 40.9 170 41.0 1,479 48.6 15 78.9 Evans/Jackson TB 89 44.1 165 48.8 1,355 55.9 9 56.3 Boldin/Crabtree SF 99 50.3 159 48.6 1,197 49.9 7 46.7
See what Packers fans are saying here
Image caption Kai was one of the dolphins in the study, he was 16 years old when this picture was taken
Forget about elephants - scientists say that dolphins have the longest memories yet found in a non-human species.
Researchers in the US say that even after 20 years of separation, dolphins could recall the whistles of former companions.
The authors believe that these long-term memories are a product of the complex social connections that dolphins have evolved.
The research is published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
In the study, the scientists used information on the relationships between 56 captive bottlenose dolphins that have been moved for breeding purposes between six different zoos and aquariums in the US and Bermuda.
It's unprecedented in the study of animal behaviour to find memories this long Dr Jason Bruck, University of Chicago
The records, dating back decades, showed which of the dolphins had been housed together.
Total recall
The researchers then played recordings to the dolphins on underwater speakers of the signature whistles of animals they had once lived with, and measured their responses.
"When they are familiar with the call, the dolphins are more likely to approach the speakers for longer periods of time," said Dr Jason Bruck from the University of Chicago who carried out the study.
"They will maintain contact with the speaker - if they are unfamiliar with the call they are more likely to ignore what I am playing. It's unprecedented in the study of animal behaviour to find memories this long."
Dr Bruck highlighted the case of two female dolphins called Allie and Bailey. They had once lived together in the Florida keys when they were very young.
Image caption The scientists say that the complicated nature of their social groupings impact their ability to recall whistles
Bailey now lives in Bermuda but when a recording of Allie was played, she instantly responded in even though it was was 20 years and six months since they had been in contact.
Dr Bruck says this type of response was typical. Compared to unfamiliar calls, there was a clear pattern in the data where dolphins responded significantly more to whistles from animals they had once known, even if they hadn't seen or heard them in decades.
To check that the dolphin's response was due to recognition of a former companion, Dr Bruck would also play a test recording of an unfamiliar bottlenose that was the same age and gender as the familiar animal.
Nuclear family
The researchers believe that the complex nature of dolphin social systems is behind the long term memory effect.
In the ocean, dolphins have a fluid social arrangement that scientists term a "fission-fusion" model. They may leave one group and join others many times in their lifetimes.
Intelligent cetacean behaviour Dolphins taking part in an experiment had to press one of two levers to distinguish between sounds, some of which were very similar. By pressing a third lever, they were able to tell the researchers they wanted to "pass" on a particular test because it was too hard. "When you place dolphins in a situation like that they respond in exactly the same way humans do," said Dr Lori Marino. "They are accessing their own minds and thinking their own thoughts."
A number of captive dolphins were rewarded with fish in return for tidying up their tank. One of them ripped up a large paper bag, hid away the pieces, and presented them one at a time to get multiple rewards.
"It is important for them to recall the calls of dolphins they have had previous encounters with, to decide whether or not that's someone they want to approach when they hear that whistle about a mile out, or whether they want to avoid that individual," said Dr Bruck.
"Having a long term social recognition for that ecological reason can be the difference between an animal having a very negative social interaction and a positive one."
According to the researchers, a dolphin's abilities to recall events indicate that the cetaceans have a level of cognitive sophistication comparable to humans, chimpanzees and elephants.
While elephants are also reputed to have extremely long memories of up to 20 years, there is little scientific evidence of their abilities outside of family relationships.
In this research paper, the dolphins were able to remember family members as well as strangers.
In recent weeks, another study has shown that dolphins have their own signature whistles that appear to have the same function as names do for humans.
Follow Matt on Twitter.
This week, Secretary of State John Kerry announced to a group of Indonesian students that global warming was "perhaps the world's most fearsome weapon of mass destruction." He added, "Because of climate change, it's no secret that today Indonesia is ... one of the most vulnerable countries on Earth. It's not an exaggeration to say that the entire way of life that you live and love is at risk."
Meanwhile, Hollywood prepared to drop a new blockbuster based on the biblical story of Noah. The film, directed by Darren Aronofsky, centers on the story of the biblical character who built an ark after God warned him that humanity would be destroyed thanks to its sexual immorality and violent transgressions. The Hollywood version of the story, however, has God punishing humanity not for actual sin, but for overpopulation and global warming -- an odd set of sins, given God's express commandments in Genesis 1:28 to "be fruitful, multiply, fill the earth, and subdue it."
This weird perspective on sin -- the notion that true sin is not sin, but that consumerism is -- is actually nothing new. In the 1920s, the left warned of empty consumerism with the fire and brimstone of Jonathan Edwards; Sinclair Lewis famously labeled the American middle class "Babbitts" -- characters who cared too much about buying things.
In his novel of the same name, Lewis sneered of his bourgeois antihero, "He had enormous and poetic admiration, though very little understanding, of all mechanical devices. They were his symbols of truth and beauty." Lewis wrote, through the voice of his radical character Doane, that consumerism has created "standardization of thought, and of course, the traditions of competition. The real villains of the piece are the clean, kind, industrious Family Men who use every known brand of trickery and cruelty to insure the prosperity of their cubs. The worst thing about these fellows it that they're so good and, in their work at least, so intelligent."
Lewis, of course, was a socialist. So were anti-consumerism compatriots like H.G. Wells, H.L. Mencken and Herbert Croly. And their brand of leftism was destined to infuse the entire American left over the course of the 20th century. As Fred Siegel writes in his new book, "The Revolt Against The Masses," this general feeling pervaded the left during the 1950s, even as more Americans were attending symphony concerts than ballgames, with 50,000 Americans per year buying paperback version of classics. That's because if the left were to recognize the great power of consumerism in bettering lives and enriching culture, the left would have to become the right.
Of course, consumerism is not an unalloyed virtue. Consumerism can be utilized for hedonism. But it can also be utilized to make lives better, offering more opportunity for spiritual development. It's precisely this latter combination that the left fears, because if consumerism and virtue are allied, there is no place left for the Marxist critique of capitalism -- namely that capitalism makes people less compassionate, more selfish, and ethically meager. And so consumerism must be severed from virtue (very few leftists critique Americans' propensity for spending cash on Lady Gaga concerts) so that it can be castigated as sin more broadly.
In a world in which consumerism is the greatest of all sins, America is the greatest of all sinners. Which, of course, is the point of the anti-consumerist critique from the left: to target America. Global warming represents the latest apocalyptic consequence threatened by the leftist gods for the great iniquity of buying things, developing products, and competing in the global marketplace. And America must be called to heel by the great preachers in Washington, D.C., and Hollywood.
Freedom Center pamphlets now available on Kindle: Click here.
LONDON — After 13 years, six scientific opinions and two legal challenges, an insect-resistant type of corn is on the verge of being approved by the European Union. It would be only the third genetically modified crop to be authorized for cultivation in the 28-nation bloc.
Despite clear and at times impassioned opposition from a majority of member countries, opponents of genetically modified crops failed on Tuesday to muster sufficient support to block the authorization under the European Union's complex weighted voting system.
That left no legal alternative under European rules but to push ahead with the approval, according to Tonio Borg, the European health commissioner, who spoke to reporters after a meeting of ministers in Brussels. Formal approval requires one more step, the go-ahead of the European Commission, the bloc's executive arm, and Mr. Borg refused to give any timetable for that decision. He is pushing for a mechanism that would allow individual states to ban the growing of biotech crops, but would permit the sale of authorized products throughout the Union.
Supporters of genetically modified crops argue that they offer an unrivaled opportunity to increase yields, but opponents say they pose unknown health and environmental risks.
Michael Bause
Fears of terrorism and political instability put some scientists off joining geologist Stefan Kröpelin on his latest expedition to unlock the secrets of the Sahara desert. One of the most experienced Sahara researchers in the world, the 63-year-old geologist from the University of Cologne in Germany sets out on 19 February on a six-week trip to the remote Tibesti mountains in northern Chad, funded by the German Research Foundation. Home to the Sahara's highest mountain, the Tibesti range is one of the least explored spots on the planet and could hold clues to the Sahara's wet history. But the mountains are also close to the Libyan border where terrorists are rumoured to be operating training camps. Kröpelin tells Nature what he will do there and why he is not afraid.
How is this expedition different from your previous trips?
Since 1970 I have visited most deserts on Earth. This is physically and logistically the most challenging expedition I've ever done. Our destination is Emi Koussi, the highest mountain in the Sahara, a 3,500-metre-tall active volcano in the vast uninhabited Tibesti massif. It is an extreme environment where temperatures soar in the daytime and drop below –15 °C at night.
What are you hoping to find?
It is hard to believe: we have sent a probe 500 million kilometres to a comet to analyse rock samples, but no geologist has yet dug his spade into the crater of the highest mountain in the planet's largest desert. We primarily hope to drill a sedimentary core going back to the Eemian interglacial period — also called Marine Isotopic Stage 5e — a relatively wet period about 130,000 years ago when today's desert might have been a fertile savannah. Fossil pollen buried in the sediment might tell us about the kinds of plants that were growing at the time, and therefore how much it rained.
Stefan Kröpelin
The Sahara wasn't always dry?
The climate of the Sahara has shifted from dry to relatively wet several times during the past 2.5 million years, the last such shift occurring around 12,000 years ago. The Eemian climate seems to have favoured the early migration of humans from Africa to Europe. On their way north, the migrants will have crossed the Tibesti, and some may have settled there, so we expect to find abundant traces of early prehistoric human culture and mobility.
Who is joining you on this trip?
I've had trouble finding scientists willing to join me because most people are scared about what's going on in parts of the Middle East and Africa. But I was able to persuade five colleagues, covering geology, botany, ecology, archaeology and prehistory, to come along. They are all people whom I know well and whom I trust will be able to cope mentally and physically with the harsh conditions. We're accompanied by a professional photographer and a cook. We will leave behind our drivers at a meeting point where I hope they will pick us up when we return from the crater. Cameleers and trackers I have recruited from Bardaï, a small oasis town in the northwestern corner of Chad. There is no medical doctor coming. If anybody gets injured or falls seriously sick we will have to break off early.
What about security? Isn't the region plagued by crime and terrorism?
Most foreign offices advise against all travel to border regions in Chad. Funders in other countries might not have approved a scientific expedition to the region in the current political situation. But look, I just got married last week and I don't have suicidal tendencies. Chad is still a comparatively calm island in a generally rather unsafe region. Kidnapping, violent crime and armed rebel activity do occur, and there are rumours of the ISIS Islamist terrorist group operating training camps behind the Libyan border. But the chance of our small group being spotted and attacked in the vast empty terrain is small. There is no safety guarantee, but the risk is easily justifiable.
You have become a cultural ambassador of sorts – is this expedition also a diplomatic mission?
In a sense it is. I will discuss with the authorities in Chad the planned establishment of a new research station for geosciences in Bardaï, where the Free University of Berlin operated an outpost from 1965 to 1974. The United Nations Educational, Cultural and Scientific Organization (UNESCO) declared the Lakes of Ounianga (also in northern Chad) a World Heritage Site in 2012, and in January this year, Chad filed a similar proposal for the Ennedi plateau. I will explore the possibility of having Tibesti added to the list. Baba Mallaye, long-time director of Chad's national research council, has signalled support for both plans. Without his personal commitment there would not have been a world heritage site in Chad nor would we have been able to conduct the research we have been doing in that country for many years.
Finally! Raw Milk Information You Can Trust!
Want to know more about raw milk? I did, too, but found there was no central place to go for trustworthy information. It's amazing just how much controversy swirls around this simple, but oh, so complex food. The more I researched it, the more fascinated I became.
Some folks claim it's positively deadly. Others liken it to manna from heaven. The truth had to be out there somewhere, and it was, buried under thick layers of half-truths and deliberate misinformation.
I'd often meet intelligent people like yourself with an interest in feeding themselves and their families more healthily. Soon I'd find myself telling them about this remarkably healing food I'd been studying. "Raw milk? That'll kill you!" they'd say.
Well, I've been enjoying raw milk products from organic grass-fed cows for several years and I love them- especially the kefir I make at home with my yogurt maker. All the doomsaying and fear mongering just doesn't add up.
So that's where this site comes in. My goal with raw-milk-facts.com is to help dispel the myths that have sprung up around one of Nature's most perfect foods.
I promise to ferret out the science as far from corporate spin as possible to bring you the "raw truth."
Since you've come this far, why not click on some of the links and discover what I did about milk fresh from the cow? You'll be amazed at what you've been missing!
How to get the most from this site:
Check out the buttons on the left side of the page (my 'NavBar'). If a topic interests you, click on it and you'll end up on a page with greater detail. Throughout the text, you'll find underlined blue words scattered about (links) like the one for 'kefir' above. Clicking on them takes you to other pages with still more detail. Sparepartstore.co.uk
Come back often! Science and politics aren't static, and neither is this site, so I'll be updating continually. Let me help you to educate yourself about this amazing food. Scientific research writing help can be found at the following site - https://www.writing-expert.com.
Legal Disclaimer:
My body has been my laboratory over the years, but we're all unique biochemically, so please use what you learn here carefully- what works for one may not necessarily work for another. As a Nutrition Consultant, even with three decades of independent nutritional research and a degree in Biology, I'm not qualified to give out medical advice. And though I quote highly credentialed medical and scientific professionals, please consider anything you read on raw-milk-facts.com to be information only. Click the link above for full details.
As always, before modifying your diet or health practices in any way, seek out and consult with an enlightened medical professional- there are actually many out there!
If any of the information presented here seems unclear, or you have a topic pertaining to raw milk that you'd like to see explored further, please feel free to contact me. It may take a while, but I will get back to you.
As always, before modifying your diet or health practices in any way, seek out and consult with an enlightened medical professional- there are actually many out there!
Regards,
Webmaster/ Nutrition Consultant
Scott Brown will not run for the U.S. Senate seat vacated by John Kerry, the former senator told the Herald first today.
“You are the first to know I am not running,” Brown texted the Herald.
Brown's decision follows yesterday's announcement by fellow Republican Charlie Baker that he won't run for the seat either. Baker did urge former Gov. William Weld, who just moved back to Massachusetts, to run if Brown doesn't.
This leaves Democrats U.S. Rep. Stephen Lynch and rival U.S. Rep. Edward Markey as the only two declared candidates for the office.
Brown said in a statement this afternoon that being in the Senate was “the greatest privilege” of his life — after the marriage to his wife and the birth of his two daughters — but he's not ready for a third Senate campaign “in less than four years.”
“Over these past few weeks I have given serious thought about the possibility of running again, as events have created another vacancy requiring another special election. I have received a lot of encouragement from friends and supporters to become a candidate, and my competitive instincts were leading in the same direction,” Brown wrote.
“Even so, I was not at all certain that a third Senate campaign in less than four years, and the prospect of returning to a Congress even more partisan than the one I left, was really the best way for me to continue in public service at this time. And I know it's not the only way for me to advance the ideals and causes that matter most to me,” he added.
“That is why I am announcing today that I will not be a candidate for the United States Senate in the upcoming special election,” his statement ends.
The primary is April 30 and the special election June 25.
This week Gov. Deval Patrick named his former chief of staff William “Mo” Cowan as the state's interim senator until his replacement is elected.
Joe Battenfeld contributed to this report.
A passenger train derailed and caught fire in central Syria Saturday, killing the driver and injuring 14 passengers, after "saboteurs" tore out part of the tracks, Syrian officials said.
Authorities quickly seized on the incident to blame the four-month-old uprising against President Bashar Assad, saying gunmen and criminals were taking advantage of demonstrations to commit terrorist acts targeting innocent people. No evidence was provided to support those claims.
Receive Ynetnews updates directly to your desktop
Protests Continue Masses protest in Syria; 6 killed Roee Nahmias and AP Opposition says over one million anti-Assad protesters in demonstrations across Syria Masses protest in Syria; 6 killed
The train, which was carrying 480 passengers and five crew members, was traveling from the northeastern city of Aleppo to the capital Damascus.
The Information Ministry took Syrian journalists to the site to survey the damage: Several white-and-red carriages that had jumped the tracks and one overturned and charred carriage.
The journalists were shown tire tracks left by motorcycles that officials claimed the saboteurs used to reach the tracks. The rails themselves were ripped apart using what appeared to be wrenches.
"This crime was meant to kill 485 Syrian citizens today," said George al-Qaabari, head of the Syrian railway. "We ask the American and French ambassadors who say the protests are peaceful, is this peaceful?"
Al-Qaabari alleged the saboteurs chose Saturday, when many people would be returning from their weekend break to Damascus, for maximum damage. He said it was "divine intervention" that kept the loss of live to a minimum.
Syrian authorities have unleashed a brutal crackdown in an effort to crush the revolt, and activists say more than 1,600 civilians have died since the protests erupted in mid-March. The government blames the unrest on terrorists and foreign extremists, not true reform-seekers, and has taken pains to portray itself as the only guardian against civil war.
In a statement, Francis Deng, the adviser on preventing genocide, and Edward Luck, the adviser of the responsibility to protect civilians in conflict, pointed Friday to "persistent reports of widespread and systematic human rights violations by Syrian security forces responding to anti-government protests across the country."
The National Broadband Network rollout has the objective of making high-speed broadband available to 100 per cent of Australian premises.
The 98 per cent of Kenyans without any access to broadband at all would no doubt take issue with the fatuous claim that Kenya is somehow better off than Australia.
It's a cute coincidence that Kenya has fewer than 200,000 premises with access to high speed broadband, because that's how many premises in Australia had access to the NBN after two terms of Labor government and $6 billion sunk into the rollout of Labor's slow, expensive fibre to the premises network.
'Faster, more affordable rollout'
After four years of the Coalition's faster, more affordable NBN rollout, the NBN is now being made available to around 150,000 new premises every single month.
Mitch Fifield says a full fibre NBN rollout would leave many Australians languishing with sub par internet for years. David Rowe
And it's worth mentioning that the report which ranks Kenya's sub-200,000 broadband users above Australia is mostly measuring non-NBN connections in Australia, given that the majority of Australian households are yet to transition to the NBN.
As more homes disconnect from old ADSL services and get on the faster NBN, expect Australia's average internet speeds to climb.
Advertisement
The article claims that internet speeds make it "tougher for workers to move from major cities and ease pressure on house prices in Sydney and Melbourne". This argument misses the point that the rollout of the NBN is more advanced in regional areas than major metropolitan areas, thanks to the Coalition's decision to prioritise regional areas which had typically languished with poor connectivity.
The rollout in regional Australia is more than two-thirds complete, and the fixed wireless technology often used in regional outskirts offers broadband speeds of up to 50Mbps, soon to be 100Mbps – much faster than ADSL services available in cities.
The article goes on to claim that Australia's internet speeds "makes it harder to boost productivity". The reality is that the best way to improve productivity is to roll out the network faster – not to roll out a gold-plated all-fibre NBN.
The Coalition's NBN is due to be complete by 2020, giving 100 per cent of Australians access to the productivity benefits of high-speed broadband at affordable prices.
No need for all-fibre switch
Were Australia to revert back to an all-fibre rollout, parts of Australia would be waiting until 2026-28 to have access to high-speed broadband – in the meantime they would be expected to languish on pre-NBN technology – hardly providing a boost to productivity.
The article repeats another great furphy of the NBN debate – that nations around the world are rolling out fibre-to-the-premise networks. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Nations around the world are overwhelmingly rolling out a mix of technologies to deliver high-speed broadband in the most economically pragmatic fashion.
Advertisement
Fibre to the premises might make sense in city-states like Singapore and Hong Kong where almost the entire population lives in high-rises. But for the rest of the world a mix of technologies is enabling people to connect to high-speed broadband faster and at lower cost.
The Coalition's NBN is one of the greatest corporate turnaround stories in recent memory. From a network that had just 51,000 active users in 2013 to almost 3 million users in 2017, the NBN doubled its footprint in the past year and will do so again in the coming year.
While Labor's plan would have taken six to eight years longer and cost an additional $30 billion to complete, the Coalition's NBN will stop household internet bills from rising by up to $43 per month. There's not much point rolling out the world's fastest broadband network if nobody can afford the monthly bills.
The Coalition is the only party that can be trusted to improve Australia's internet speed ranking – by getting the NBN connected to as many Australians as quickly as possible.
Mitch Fifield is the Minister for Communications
In professional sports, it's all too convenient to view coaches and managers as fleshy, self-contained strongholds for antiquated ideas about the sport they've dedicated their lives to teaching. For some, MLB may never escape the war on fun. The NFL, in spite of spread offenses pointing in a new direction, will always have guardians instilling lessons from the smashmouth ideal of their heyday. But with the NBA changing so rapidly in scheme and style, there isn't any time to dwell on the past. The future has to be won, and no one understands that more than the coaches. At the annual NBA head coaches meetings in Chicago last week, NBA.com's Steve Aschburner asked several coaches what they'd like to see changed in the rule book, and it's heartening to hear that there isn't much of a disconnect between what fans and team personnel hope the league prioritizes moving forward.
Any changes that might arrive in the coming years could have a monumental effect on the growth of the league. As it stands, the NBA, as a showcase of skill and talent, has never been better. By effective field goal percentage, 2015–16 was the most efficient shooting season in professional basketball history; teams also turned the ball over less frequently than all but one season since 1974, the first year turnovers were officially logged as a statistic. (The 2015–16 turnover rate of 13.2 matched the record low turnover rate in 2007–08). All this was accomplished in a season in which games were played at their fastest pace in 24 seasons. And yet, general sentiment from the head coaches meetings was more or less the same: The NBA's biggest problem is how long it takes for games to end.
Hornets coach Steve Clifford suggested giving teams the ability to advance the ball past the baseline in the final two minutes of a game without using a timeout to do so; Sixers coach Brett Brown said he appreciated the FIBA offensive rebounding rule, which resets the shot clock to 14 seconds on the extended possession as opposed to granting the team a full 24; new Grizzlies coach David Fizdale wants to adopt the FIBA rule that allows a player to inbound a ball without having to let an official touch it first, which might be the easiest and most sensible FIBA rule to implement in the NBA. These are just coaches spitballing at a casual meeting, but it wouldn't be shocking to see at least a few of these put up for consideration by the NBA's competition committee — a collection of owners, general managers, head coaches, and a players' association representative that meets annually to discuss potential rule changes to be voted on by the league's Board of Governors.
The drawn-out nature of NBA games is clear to anyone who's stayed up to catch a late-night Clippers game. It's even more evident when juxtaposed with a game from the 2016 Rio Olympics last month, when games ended exactly when you expected them to, if not earlier. July's decision from the NBA Board of Governors to amend the Hack-a-Shaq rule aimed to address the stop-and-go that persistent intentional fouling creates. However, fouls aren't necessarily the main culprit when it comes to the lag, and they don't explain why the international game tends to run smoother. NBA teams last season on average fouled far less frequently per 40 minutes than Euroleague and Eurocup participants. In the eight men's basketball knockout-round games in the 2016 Olympics, there were 43.9 fouls called per 40 minutes; in the seven-game Finals series between the Warriors and the Cavaliers, there were only 35.4 fouls called per 40.
The NBA is looking for ways to preserve the flow of the game, and all of the suggestions tossed around in Chicago would help incrementally. But if the league is genuine in its desire, it will eventually have to revisit the strangest rule in professional sports: the live-ball timeout, by which a player or coach can interrupt live action at will, up to eight times in regulation. Think about it — there aren't many sports leagues that give a coach the agency to pause the game in the middle of action, let alone an athlete. FIBA rules dictate that coaches can call timeouts only during dead-ball situations, and they are given only five in regulation (two in the first half, three in the second). Micromanagement is minimal; teams have to rely on what they were taught in practice. Flow of the game isn't something to be won back in the international game; it's intrinsic to the sport.
But some rules, calcified over several eras, become a part of the culture. Players and coaches alike have more control over the NBA game. Diving for a loose ball and being able to call a timeout to guarantee possession is very much a part of something we identify as basketball. Hack-a-Shaq isn't a tool that promises success (DeAndre Jordan has attempted at least 20 free throws in eight different games; the Clippers won seven of them), but it has been a way for coaches to control a deficit without burning time. That kind of gamesmanship will always be a part of a league that allows the stoppage of play to occur at any time. Changing the intentional fouling rule, however, shows that the league is reorienting its priorities.
Controlling pace had been the imperative over the past decade in NBA basketball; we're moving beyond that now. The league is full of versatile athletes, increasingly adept at playing up-tempo basketball without compromising their defensive wherewithal. Pace is a given; a rule system that not only maintains that but also fosters the way in which basketball will be played in the future is still in development. The NBA won't become FIBA overnight, nor should it, but the league's head coaches are on to something with their suggestions. The future is free-flowing, and the last thing the NBA should be doing is impeding its path.
Trump Is Another Republican Striking A Blow For The Way Things Used To Be
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Locher/AP John Locher/AP
When American voters must choose a new president, reaction tends to rule. Given a choice between continuity and contrast, we favor contrast — even when the retiring incumbent leaves office with relatively high public approval.
This sometimes is called the pendulum effect: The farther the pendulum swings in one direction, the farther it is likely to swing back. In physics, every action has an equal and opposite reaction; in politics, the pushback sometimes can be disproportionate.
The rule has obvious applications to candidate personalities and political parties, but it also relates to the long waves of history, and the most profound changes in our national life.
Thus we have Barack Obama, elected in 2008 largely because he offered such a dramatic divergence from two terms of George W. Bush — who himself had been a stark contrast to Bill Clinton.
This is more than just a habit — it is closer to being our nature. The country chooses more than a person or a party to occupy the Oval Office, it chooses a vision of itself, whether it actively contemplates its decision in those terms or not. And then, we find ourselves wanting something different — sometimes very different.
Thus we have the spectacle of Obama being succeeded by Donald Trump, who had been something of a nemesis for years as he questioned the president's legitimacy and birthright citizenship. It is hard to imagine a greater gulf between two sets of policies, or two men with less use for each other.
Obama himself had been a sharp departure in 2008 from George W. Bush, who had been quite a change from Bill Clinton in 2000. The party loyalties of these men were only the beginning of their contrasts in outlook, demeanor and personal background.
Stepping back a bit further in memory, Clinton had been a youthful alternative to George H.W. Bush in 1992. Ronald Reagan's persona in 1980 had been worlds apart from Jimmy Carter's, and Carter's an antidote to Richard Nixon's in the 1970s.
Each of these men had something that characterized his candidacy, and it stood vividly apart from what went before. Each came to office with a certain vision of a White House under new management, entirely transformed. Call it a message or a myth, but these were the means by which their campaigns sought to fashion a mandate for their presidencies.
John F. Kennedy in 1960 ran against the relatively quiescent 1950s, saying: "Let the word go forth to a new generation of leadership." His message was expansionary and inspirational, symbolized by the promise to put a man on the moon.
Now we have Trump with his vow to "make America great again." This seems to mean bringing back whatever elements of the economy or the culture his various rally audiences might be missing — manufacturing jobs, coal mines, nuclear families, tighter restrictions on abortion and immigration. In an interview with The New York Times editorial board earlier this year, Trump was asked when exactly America had last been "great." His answer: the late 1950s.
JFK was scarcely the first elected Democrat to be associated with progressive visions; that legacy dates back to Woodrow Wilson's administration, through Franklin Roosevelt's "New Deal" in the 1930s, Harry Truman's "Fair Deal" in the 1940s and on to Lyndon Johnson's "Great Society" in the mid-1960s. They represented a more activist federal government, a shift in economic and political power from capital to labor, a gradual acceptance of racial diversity and a commitment to civil rights.
Republicans' promises have been more restorative in nature: Warren Harding's "Return to Normalcy" in the 1920s, through Calvin Coolidge and Herbert Hoover, to Dwight Eisenhower's peacetime equilibrium in the 1950s. Nixon and Reagan invoked nostalgia for the Ike years — the latter with a frank appeal to the old-fashioned values of "work, family, neighborhood." (Reagan even had bumper stickers that said: "Let's make America great again!")
Restorative periods followed as reactions to eras of significant social change – especially regarding race and gender.
In the South, the Civil War and Reconstruction period, with the abolition of slavery and the attempt to mainstream former slaves, produced a backlash among the Southern Democrats who dominated local and state offices. Their restrictive "Jim Crow" laws and segregation kept the descendants of slaves from achieving much beyond emancipation.
Up north, immigrants crowding into urban centers and showing up on voter rolls gave rise to nativist sentiment and the Know-Nothing Party, which resisted the new arrivals.
In the 20th century, civil rights marches and boycotts led to landmark legislation in the Johnson years, including voting rights — but what followed was Nixon's "Southern Strategy" for winning the White House in 1968. Combined with widespread resistance to other changes — including "women's liberation," legal abortion and bans on school prayer — this conservative game plan helped the GOP win five of the next six presidential elections.
That skein was broken by Clinton's win in 1992, but his breakthrough for Democrats at the presidential level led directly to Republican takeover in Congress (the GOP's first control of both chambers in 40 years). The Republicans have held the House for 18 of the 22 years since, and the Senate through most of that same era.
During that time, the presidential pendulum has continued to swing, from Clinton to Bush to Obama. So for the Democrats to hold the White House past 2016 would have been surprising.
In a sense, Hillary Clinton seemed uniquely capable of doing it — and of becoming the first woman president. But she was vulnerable to the populist-nativist appeal of Trump, in no small part because of her longtime association with the women's movement, with power in Washington and with money on Wall Street. It didn't help to have her rhetorically toss half of Trump's supporters into one "basket of deplorables" or another.
Trump won this week by capturing two-thirds of the white voters who do not have a college degree, and while he sacrificed some of the GOP's traditional strength among college graduates, he lost less of it than anticipated (especially among white women with degrees). His votes wound up being located in just the right places, including rural areas of the big industrial states around the Great Lakes that had boosted Bill Clinton and Obama.
Trump is a disruptive figure, to be sure — he has shattered the usual categories of the Republican Party and realigned the loyalties of the working class. But in one sense, his victory reinforces something quite traditional – the rhythm of presidential cycles and the alternation of progressive and restorative attitudes in the White House.
Executive Summary
Critics of Social Security privatization often warn that such proposals hold serious dangers for the elderly poor. However, a closer examination of the evidence indicates that the poor would be among those who would gain most from the privatization of Social Security.
By providing a much higher rate of return, privatization would raise the incomes of those elderly retirees who are most in need. Although the current Social Security system is ostensibly designed to be progressive, transferring wealth to the elderly poor, the system actually contains many inequities that leave the poor at a disadvantage. For instance, the low-income elderly are much more likely than their wealthy counterparts to be dependent on Social Security benefits for most or all of their retirement income. But despite a progressive benefit structure, Social Security benefits are inadequate for the elderly poor's retirement needs.
In addition, the progressivity of Social Security is undermined by differences in life expectancy. Because the wealthy generally live longer than the poor, they receive more total Social Security payments over the course of their lifetimes. In a privatized system, an individual's benefits would not be dependent on life expectancy. Individuals would have a property right in their benefits. Any benefits remaining at their deaths would become part of their estates, inherited by their heirs.
Finally, Social Security drains capital from the poorest areas of the country, leaving less money available for new investment and job creation. Privatization would increase national savings and provide a new pool of capital for investment that would be particularly beneficial to the poor.
For those reasons, Social Security privatization should be viewed as a big boost to America's poor.
Human history is full of gruesome power struggles, cruel executions, sickening genocides, famine, disease, and sometimes seems unappealing and grim to say the least. Luckily, Twitter account @MemesOnHistory is shedding some light on our past by using the internet's most beloved memes.
The best part, however, is that almost all of these history-themed memes are so accurate, publishers could even include them in their textbooks. And they should. Students would probably relate to historical events better and understand them better if, for example, SpongeBob SquarePants excerpts were used to illustrate the Second World War or US Middle East Policy. Scroll down to enjoy this list of some of the funniest history memes, compiled by Bored Panda, and while you're at it, pay attention and learn a thing or two, why won't you!
More info: Twitter | Instagram
“The Other Half,” the indie drama that premiered at SXSW last year, has been picked up by distributor Brainstorm Media for release in U.S. theaters in March. Director and writer Joey Klein's love story earned a strong review from Variety in its festival bow in 2016.
The storyline centers on a grieving young man, played by Tom Cullen (“Downton Abbey”), and his budding relationship with Emily, an artist depicted by “Orphan Black” star and Emmy winner Tatiana Maslany. Over the course of the film, Emily's bipolar disorder brings trauma and tension to the already-precarious union.
“This film was a standout for us at SXSW, with such beautiful and intimate performances,” said Brainstorm Media president Meyer Shwarzstein. The distribution company will coordinate the U.S. release in theaters and on video-on-demand, both set for March 10.
Jonathan Bronfman from JoBro Productions and Nicole Hilliard-Forde and Joey Klein from Motel Pictures produced the film while JayJay Firestone, CEO of Prodigy Pictures, executive produced. Cullen and Maslany are also on the film's team of executive producers.
The film also stars Suzanne Clément, Henry Czerny, Mark Rendall, Deragh Campbell and Nancy Palk.
ISRO's PSLV C-28 carrying five satellites from the UK, lifts off from Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota on Friday. (Press Trust of India)
Indian scientists on Friday night launched five British satellites into orbit from the Sriharikota spaceport. The lift-off at 9.58 pm was successful, the space agency said.For this special launch, Britain not only rented premium space from the Indian Space Research Organisation or ISRO, but its Surrey Satellite Technology Limited also hired an entire rocket for the first time.The 320 tonne (320,000 kilograms) rocket is as tall as a 15-storey building and will hoist, apart from a constellation of three disaster-monitoring satellites, two smaller experimental satellites into space.The total weight of the British satellites is 1440 kg, making this the heaviest commercial launch ever to be undertaken by India.ISRO chairman Kiran Kumar told NDTV, "We have an exclusive commercial launch for one of our customers, UK's Surrey Technologies and this PSLV launch will carry five of their satellites."This is the 30th launch of India's PSLV or Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle. Till date, India has launched 40 satellites from 19 countries on a commercial basis.
Josh Groban and the cast of Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812. Photo: Chad Batka
The Great Comet is burning out, and taking Natasha and Pierre with it.
Unlike the recent closing of the play Indecent, which managed to go out as a triumph, with its final week also its bestselling after a six-week reprieve, Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 is closing amid controversy, rancour and disappointment. This is a shame for a work that was in many ways more ambitious than much of what reaches Broadway. Great Comet ends its run on September 3.
Recapping what Mark Shenton has already chronicled, the producers of Great Comet had replaced their original Pierre, Josh Groban, at the end of his planned run, with Okieriete Onaodowan, a member of the original cast of Hamilton. However, seeing that the show's grosses were declining, and projecting further drops, the producers, led by Howard Kagan, announced just weeks after the actor began that Onaodowan, known to all as ‘Oak', would depart early. His last three weeks would be performed by Mandy Patinkin, the original star of both Evita and Sunday in the Park With George on Broadway, who himself would stay for only three weeks.
The news that Patinkin would supplant Oak was met with significant pushback online, decrying the sudden decision to replace an actor of colour with a white performer. Within a day, Patinkin withdrew and Oak made clear he wouldn't be returning.
After the initial wave of anger over what many perceived as racial insensitivity, if not outright racism, the story took a turn. Some pointed out that the production had a racially diverse cast and that, in defending Oak, they might be dooming the show without the box office boost from Patinkin. Dozens of people would be put out of work. Some will undoubtedly argue that that is what has come to pass.
But is that the case?
Regardless of the make-up of the show's original or current cast, the decision summarily to replace an actor of colour, who was only scheduled to be in the show for two months, with a much older white man for a mere three weeks, was truly bad optics at the very least. At a time when racial representation in the arts is a subject of constant conversation, the decision looked awful, even if it was made with the intention of sustaining the show. But racial conflagration doesn't sell seats. At least, I hope not.
No one claimed that Oak was giving a bad performance. Having seen two other Pierres, I can state that he was at least the equal of both. The fact that business fell off without Groban shouldn't have surprised anyone, least of all the producers, since they were going from a major recording star with a huge fan base to a talented working actor taking on his first above-the-title role.
The cataclysm that hit Great Comet is rooted in the decision to cast Groban originally
Pierre is, in many ways, not really a star part, except that a star has played it. The cataclysm that hit Great Comet is really rooted in the decision to cast Groban originally.
On the one hand his presence no doubt lifted the show's economic prospects considerably. While Great Comet was stupendously creative and ambitious, unlike few Broadway entries in my 35-plus years of seeing Broadway shows, it was also sufficiently unconventional to make it difficult to compete with more conventionally structured works, whether Dear Evan Hansen or Waitress. Groban helped to bridge what, for some, might have been an unapproachable chasm of style.
But very often, once a show has a star, audiences come to expect a star throughout the run, even if each star is successively less famous. The Producers never really recovered on Broadway once Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick left (save for when they returned). Hello, Dolly! rides on the ability to cast almost any big-name musical actress over 40 in the title role, though Bette Midler is generating stratospheric grosses given her fame relative to the size of the theatre. But no one decides to see The Lion King or Cats based primarily on who is in it. The show, in effect, becomes the star.
Would Patinkin have boosted the box office? Yes, I imagine so. I certainly would have enjoyed seeing him – although not once I understood his presence was unceremoniously supplanting Oak.
Let's also not forget that he was going in for only three weeks, until September 3. So what we have learned was that Great Comet was probably closing anyway. All Patinkin would have done was to yield three weeks of greater profits before the bottom fell out. If the producers had any idea, or plan, of what to do after September 3, it's not in evidence.
One has to admire the producers of Great Comet for getting it to Broadway, giving it wider exposure than it had at Ars Nova or Kazino, the tent that housed its runs in the Meatpacking District and in a parking lot off Eighth Avenue.
But just as Great Comet started with an entirely unnecessary dispute over a contractual billing credit for Ars Nova, which flared publicly in a very ugly fashion, so too it is going out the same way. The racial controversy arose out of an effort to squeeze the few last dollars out of the show, both Oak and Mandy were put into untenable positions, and all of that served to obscure the fact that the production was going to close no matter what.
Let's remember the creative success of Great Comet and the many talented people in and behind it. But let's also remember the unthinking and perhaps ugly producing decisions that marred its achievements, because they shouldn't have happened at all.
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign raises an awkward question: How low is the self-esteem of America's Democrats?
Clinton embodies all the things Democrats supposedly reject. But she's got money and powerful allies in politics, the media and K Street — and for these reasons, Democratic voters appear ready to settle for her.
Remember back in the heady days of 2006, when the progressive "Netroots" provided a crucial boost for the Democrats to take control of the House and the Senate, and also set the stage for wins in 2008? Lofty ideals motivated the base and the party back then: good government, progressive goals, elevating grassroots over the establishment and the business lobby. If they choose Hillary Clinton in 2016, Democratic voters are openly discarding those ideals.
Iraq was at the heart of liberal passion that drove 2006 and then Barack Obama's 2008 victories. The war, the Left held, was unjust, too costly and grounded in dishonest premises.
Sen. Clinton, of course, voted for the Iraq war and spoke on the Senate floor in defense of it. But it's not just Iraq. Her entire record is pro-war. Her husband launched wars in Bosnia and Kosovo. When he was getting impeached in 1998, he launched missile attacks on Iraq.
As Obama's Secretary of State, Clinton was one of the three Obama aides most responsible for the illegal pre-emptive war in Libya. "We came, we saw, he died," she gloated after the U.S. helped depose dictator Moammar Qadhafi. This regime change, like the one she supported in Iraq, left a power vacuum that has been filled by chaos and murder. Libya has become a terrorist hotbed and an Islamic State foothold.
Hillary Clinton is a war candidate. Is the Left now cool with that sort of thing?
Ethics, good government, the fight against big money, and the devolution of power away from the lobbyists and political power-brokers — these were the other major themes in 2006 and 2008. Democrats ran promising lobbying reforms. One of Obama's most compelling themes was his war on lobbyists, and his promise to "end the game-playing" in Washington.
Maybe Obama's failures in this regard have made the Left give up hope for any change in this regard. That's the best way to explain how the same electorate could be happy with Hillary Clinton.
Clinton isn't simply cozy with K Street. She is a hub of the Democrat-K Street axis. Her closest advisors are mostly revolving-door operatives who used their connections from her husband's administration to get rich as lobbyists or consultants, and then peddle their influence in the Obama administration.
John Podesta, arguably her closest advisor, was a pioneer in the industry of revolving-door lobbyists in the late 1980s, founding a firm with his brother Tony, also a former Democratic aide. In the 1990s, Podesta joined the Clinton administration, and then cashed out again to rejoin his lobbying firm. The firm's lobbying clients included Citigroup, Aetna, Blue Cross, Dow Chemical, Eli Lilly, AOL-Time Warner, General Electric and other corporate titans.
Clinton-world is full of names that hardly scream good government: Terry McAuliffe, Rahm Emanuel, Mark Penn, Sandy Berger and Lanny Davis. These are the people Democrats are inviting back into the inner circles of power if they send another Clinton to the White House.
Finally, there's her total resistance to transparency — a necessary pillar of good government. Clinton is famously and stubbornly closed to media. She refused to use the State Department's email system, instead creating her own email system, which was scrubbed totally clean once congressional digging got too close.
At worst, the email saga shows that Hillary is covering up something. At best, it shows she suffers from a paranoid obsession with secrecy.
Is America's Democrats really ready to put up with four years of war, corporatism and power-hungry secrecy?
If Democrats do just bow down and embrace Clinton as their candidate, it's especially sad because she's not a particularly skilled politician. She's eminently unlikable. She has run three political races in her life. In 2000, she won, underperforming Al Gore in New York state by 400,000 votes. In 2006, the best congressional year Democrats have had in decades, she won by beating the former mayor of Yonkers. Then in 2008, after shattering fundraising records, she lost the Democratic nomination for president to a first-term senator.
It's not just that Hillary falls short of the Left's ideals — it is that these shortcomings are precisely what make her the presumptive frontrunner now. She is on a glide-path to the nomination because of her prowess in corporate fundraising, her decades-long proximity to power and the support she enjoys from the lobbyist-political complex.
Maybe the Democratic base will find a way to fight for what they believe. Or maybe they'll roll over for Hillary Clinton.
Timothy P. Carney, The Washington Examiner's senior political columnist, can be contacted at tcarney@washingtonexaminer.com. His column appears Sunday and Wednesday on washingtonexaminer.com.
Rohith Vemula
Irani said that no doctor was allowed near Rohith Vemula's body until the morning after his death
In a fiery speech on Wednesday evening, Minister for Human Resources Development Smriti Irani said in Parliament that the Telangana police in a report to the High Court said that no doctor was allowed near Rohith Vemula's body. She also said that no doctor had gone near Rohith's body until 6.30 am the next day. However, documents available with The News Minute show that this report quoted by Irani is not accurate.
In Parliament, Irani said: “This is what the police said. No one allowed a doctor near this child, to revive this child. Instead, his body was used as a political tool."
On January 17, Rohith's body was found between 6.30 and 7 pm in Room No. 207 of the New Research Scholars Hostel on the Hyderabad University campus. The room belonged to Rohith's friend Uma Maheshwar. Security personnel and students found Rohith hanging from the ceiling fan and it is believed that one of the students called the doctor on duty Chief Medical Officer M Rajshree.
“Security officials found the body in NRS hostel room. I got a call around 7:20 pm and I rushed to the hostel to examine the body. By the time I reached the body was removed from the ceiling fan. Within 10 minutes we declared him dead. I also informed the VC immediately. He asked me whether there was any possibility of reviving Rohith. I was there till 3 am that day,” Dr. Rajshree told The News Minute.
This was recorded in the health book of the university by Dr. Rajshree. The entry is dated January 17 and the time of death has been recorded as “approximately 7.30 pm”. It also says “Informed to VC, DSW, Registrar and reported to police.” The entry is signed by Dr. Rajshree.
The page of the health book of the university, recording the conditions under which Rohith's body was found, and certifying his death
The document says: “Body … cold, bloody abdomen, protruding tongue, froth coming out of the mouth.” The entry also says that the pupils were dilated, that there was “no heart sound” and no sounds of breathing.
Irani also quoted the Telangana police report and said: “According to a report submitted to the Telangana high court, the police had reached Rohith's hostel at 7:20 pm when they found the body. The police said that when they reached the hostel, they found the room open and the dead body was on the table. A hand written suicide note was found. The suicide note that was left behind does not blame anyone. This is not my submission. This is what the police said.”
Continuing to quote the same document, she said: “No one allowed a doctor near this child, to revive this child. Instead, his body was used as a political tool. No police was allowed till 6:30 am the following morning. Who tried to help this child? The ones who passed judgement are not the ones appointed by the BLP-led NDA but by the Congress party.” (You can listen to the full speech, here or read the text here.)
However, Dr. Rajshree says that when she examined Rohith's body, police were present. Students who were present that evening, too told The News Minute that police were present at the time. A video taken by a student shows Dr Rajshree and policemen next to a bed on which Rohith Vemula's body had been placed.
Footage when the doctor examined #RohithVemula's body post 7 pm on Jan 17. Police clearly visible in shot pic.twitter.com/VgQXntZgrC — T S Sudhir (@Iamtssudhir) February 25, 2016
Police had earlier told the media that the body was allowed to be taken for post-mortem till January 18th morning.
Ravindra Kumar, who is also a Chief Medical Officer told The News Minute, “My duty doctor at the time was very much there when Rohith body was found. Duty doctor Rajshree examined Rohith's body and found that Rohith was dead. When his death was confirmed I also called the VC to inform him but he never answered the phone.”
Dontha Prashanth, one of the four suspended students and a friend of Rohith's told TNM that the students strongly condemned Irani's statements in the Lok Sabha.
“We all were very much present at the NRS hostel where Rohith's body was found. Duty doctor Rajshree immediately rushed to the hostel to examine Rohith's body soon after she was informed by the security.”
An Arsenal supporter was arrested at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday after red wine was thrown at the Manchester United bench. The flashpoint took place as United celebrated the opening goal of their 2-1 win and led to an angry exchange between some of the club's substitutes and fans in the seats behind them.
Arsenal moved to identify the culprit, calling on the stewards in attendance and the CCTV footage, and they have promised to liaise with the Metropolitan Police and ban any individual whose guilt is proven. The club take a hard line against antisocial behaviour. The wine splashed some of the United personnel who were understandably not happy. It is unclear whether United will make an official complaint but they are keen that the matter be resolved.
There has long been the feeling at United that their staff and substitutes lack proper protection at the Emirates as the visiting dugout seats are out in the open.
Sir Alex Ferguson, the club's former manager, complained in 2008 about the abuse that he received from supporters close to him, describing it as “nasty”. “It is too open for my liking,” he once said. “It should not happen when you build a modern stadium. You need tin helmets. It is a weakness in the planning that you don't provide safety for the visiting substitutes and staff.”
Passions ran high on Saturday and after Wayne Rooney had scored United's second goal in the 85th minute, the Arsenal fans that want to see the manager, Arsène Wenger, sacked, could be heard. One of them held aloft a small, A4-sized placard, which read: “Enough is enough. Wenger out.” A steward quickly moved in to confiscate it. The club have a policy to remove such items on safety grounds because they risk sparking argument among fans.
Arsenal face an anxious wait to see whether Jack Wilshere faces a lay-off on disciplinary or fitness grounds. The Football Association will study the footage of the moment when the midfielder pushed his forehead up towards Marouane Fellaini in the 30th minute. The referee, Mike Dean, took no action at the time.
Wilshere was forced off early in the second half after rolling his left ankle following a challenge from the United defender Paddy McNair. An x-ray after the game was clear but there is the fear of soft tissue damage.
Wenger said Wilshere had very little chance of being fit for Wednesday's Champions League tie at home to Borussia Dortmund. The goalkeeper, Wojciech Szczesny, who came off with hip trouble after colliding with Kieran Gibbs before United's first goal, was not too badly injured, according to Wenger.
Sailors on the Portsmouth-based patrol ship HMS Clyde have helped rescue passengers from a cruise liner hit by fire in the South Atlantic.
The Ministry of Defence today released video footage of the dramatic operation to save lives.
Image shows an RAF Sea King helicopter winching passengers to safety from the cruise ship La Boreal. Picture: MoD
More than 70 people were winched to safety as the ship drifted without power following the engine room blaze.
A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence told The News: ‘In support of the Falkland Island Government, British forces based in the Falkland Islands yesterday responded to a distress call by the 10,000 tonne cruise ship ‘Le Boreal'.
‘The ship reported suffering a major engine room fire, which caused the loss of all power and left the ship drifting. A north-westerly gale placed the ship in real danger of grounding on Cape Dolphin, East Falkland.
‘The master ordered the ship, with 347 passengers and crew, to be abandoned early yesterday morning. Working closely with the Falkland Islands Government, British Forces enacted a major search and rescue plan.
Images showing passengers from cruise ship La Boreal being air lifted to safety by British Military personnel in The Falkland Islands. ''Picture: Corporal Neil Chapman
‘Two Royal Air Force Sea King Search and Rescue helicopters were scrambled, along with two other support helicopters, a C130 Hercules and a Voyager aircraft for command and control. The Royal Navy patrol vessel HMS Clyde was despatched to the scene, as were Dutch tugs which support British Forces in the Falkland Islands.
‘In an operation coordinated from Mount Pleasant, Royal Air Force Search and Rescue helicopters, supported by British International and Bristows helicopters, successfully winched 79 people from the deck of the Le Boreal and from two life rafts in the water.
‘All of these evacuees were brought to the British Forces Base at Mount Pleasant where they received care, clothing, food and medical attention. HMS Clyde assisted two further lifeboats with over 200 evacuees on board, ensuring they were brought to safety.
‘All passengers and crew from Le Boreal have been accounted for and are being looked after on the Falkland Islands. The vessel itself is now in a stable condition and two Dutch Tugs, under contract to British Forces, are now assisting to bring the vessel alongside in the Falkland Islands for a detailed assessment of her condition.'
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said: ‘This successful rescue in the Falklands this morning demonstrates how our Armed Forces are always ready to help those in peril. The swift action taken by Royal Navy and Royal Air Force crews, working with civilian counterparts, saved many lives and prevented this developing into a human tragedy.
Commander British Forces South Atlantic Islands, Cdre Darren Bone, said: ‘We responded with everything we had yesterday to assist in what was an extremely complex and hazardous rescue operation in difficult conditions but I am delighted that we can report all of the passengers and crew of the vessel are safe and well and the vessel itself in a stable condition.
‘This was a huge team effort involving close liaison with the Falkland Islands Government and I am enormously impressed with the reaction by all the British forces involved, it was an exemplary performance all round.'
The annual growth rate of atmospheric carbon dioxide measured at NOAA's Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii jumped by 3.05 parts per million during 2015, the largest year-to-year increase in 56 years of research.
In another first, 2015 was the fourth consecutive year that CO 2 grew more than 2 ppm, said Pieter Tans, lead scientist of NOAA's Global Greenhouse Gas Reference Network.
“Carbon dioxide levels are increasing faster than they have in hundreds of thousands of years,” Tans said. “It's explosive compared to natural processes.”
Levels of the greenhouse gas were independently measured by NOAA's Earth System Research Laboratory and by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography.
In February 2016, the average global atmospheric CO 2 level stood at 402.59 ppm. Prior to 1800, atmospheric CO 2 averaged about 280 ppm.
The last time the Earth experienced such a sustained CO 2 increase was between 17,000 and 11,000 years ago, when CO 2 levels increased by 80 ppm. Today's rate of increase is 200 times faster, said Tans.
The big jump in CO 2 is partially due to the current El Niño weather pattern, as forests, plantlife and other terrestrial systems responded to changes in weather, precipitation and drought. The largest previous increase occurred in 1998, also a strong El Niño year. Continued high emissions from fossil fuel consumption are driving the underlying growth rate over the past several years.
(CNN) -- The girlfriend of former NFL quarterback Steve McNair had grown frustrated with their relationship and was struggling with financial difficulties in the days before she killed him and herself in July.
Steve McNair, former NFL quarterback, was a married father of four when he was killed last summer.
Details of their relationship were revealed in a case summary released by Nashville police Monday.
McNair, 36, and Sahel Kazemi, 20, were found fatally shot in a condominium in downtown Nashville on July 4. Police have since ruled their deaths a murder-suicide.
"My life is just s--- and I should end it," Kazemi said the night before the couple were found dead, according to Sonya New, her shift manager at a Dave & Busters restaurant. New also said Kazemi was not her usual self and seemed down.
Though McNair was a married father of four, he was seeing Kazemi and at least one other woman, Leah Ignagni, according to Nashville police. McNair had spent the night at Ignagni's apartment on July 2, two nights before he was killed, Ignagni told police.
On the morning of July 4, Kazemi texted McNair, saying she was stressed and needed money to pay bills.
"Baby I might have a break down im so stressed," Kazemi said in one text message. "baby i might need to go to the hospital. baby whats wrong w(ith) me i can hardly breath(e)."
Chris Wall, who provided security for McNair and his family, told police he knew about McNair's relationship with Kazemi. McNair was tired of her calling when he was with his family, Wall said.
Kazemi continued to text McNair throughout the day, asking for money and when she could see him next.
"baby what are u doing," Kazemi asked.
"At the pool with the kids. I got the guy transferring the money," McNair replied.
At 4:04 p.m. on July 3, Kazemi said, "baby I have to be w(ith) u 2nite. I dnt care where." The messages continued for more than eight hours before McNair said he was on his way to the condo. He had told Kazemi earlier that he wouldn't leave the house "til the kids fall asleep."
McNair and Kazemi exchanged a final series of messages early July 4, when he asked her to leave the front door to the condo open for him.
A final message, sent at 1:14 a.m., simply said, "its open."
About 12 hours later, a friend of McNair's found their bodies.
All About Murder and Homicide
Excerpt from Arizoniana by Marshall Trimble, the state's official historian.
Most folks will tell you camels are not found in Arizona's high country. Truth is, those adaptable beasts can thrive in just about any kind of terrain. The U.S. Army introduced camels to the Southwest back in the 1850s, using them as beasts of burden while surveying a road across northern Arizona. But, the Civil War interrupted the great camel experiment, and most of the homely critters were sold at auction. A few were turned loose to run wild—and therein lies the basis for the legend of Red Ghost.
The story begins back in 1883 at a lonely ranch near Eagle Creek in southeastern Arizona. The Apache wars were drawing to a close. However, a few renegade bands were on the prowl, keeping isolated ranches in a constant state of siege. Early one morning, two men rode out to check on the livestock leaving their wives at the ranch with the children. About midmorning, one of the women went down to the spring to fetch a bucket of water while the other remained in the house with the children.
Suddenly one of the dogs began to bark ferociously. The woman inside the house heard a terrifying scream. Looking out the window, she saw a huge, reddish-hued beast run by with a devilish-looking creature strapped on its back.
The frightened woman barricaded herself in the house and waited anxiously for the men to return. That night they found the body of the other woman, trampled to death. Next day tracks were found, cloven hoof prints much larger than those of a horse, along with long strands of reddish hair.
A few days later, a party of prospectors near Clifton were awakened by the sound of thundering hoofs and ear-piercing screams. Their tent collapsed, and the men clawed their way out of the tangle just in time to see a gigantic creature run off in the moonlight. The next day, they too, found huge clovenhoof prints and long, red strands of hair clinging to the brush.
Naturally these stories grew and were embellished by local raconteurs. One man claimed he saw the beast kill and eat a grizzly bear. Another insisted he had chased the Red Ghost, only to have it disappear before his eyes.
A few months after the incident with the miners, Cyrus Hamblin, a rancher on the Salt River, rode up on the animal while rounding up cows. Hamblin recognized the beast as a camel, with something tied to its back that resembled the skeleton of a man. Although Hamblin had a reputation as an honest man and one not given to tall tales, many refused to believe his story. Several weeks later, over on the Verde River, the camel was spotted again, this time by another group of prospectors. They, too, saw something attached to the animal's back. Grabbing their weapons they fired at the camel but missed. The animal bolted and ran, causing a piece of the strange object to fall to the ground. What the miners saw made the hair bristle on their necks. On the ground lay a human skull with some parts of flesh and hair still attached.
A few days later, the Red Ghost struck again. This time the victims' were teamsters camped beside a lonely road. They said they were awakened in the middle of the night by a loud scream. According to the terrified drivers, a creature at least 30-feet-tall knocked over two freight wagons and generally raised hell with the camp. The men ran for their lives and hid in the brush. Returning the next day, they found cloven-hoof prints and red strands of hair.
About a year later, a cowboy near Phoenix came upon the Red Ghost eating grass in a corral. Traditionally, cowboys have been unable to resist the temptation to rope anything that wears hair, and this fellow was no exception. He built a fast loop in his rope and tossed it over the camel's head. Suddenly the angry beast turned and charged. The cowboy's horse tried to dodge, but to no avail. Horse and rider went down, and as the camel galloped off in a cloud of dust, the astonished cowboy recognized the skeletal remains of a man lashed to its back.
During the next few years, stories of the Red Ghost grew to legendary proportions. The creature made its last appear­ance nine years later in eastern Arizona. A rancher awoke one morning and saw the huge animal casually grazing in his garden. He drew a careful bead with his trusty Winchester and dropped the beast with one shot. An examination of the corpse convinced all that this was indeed the fabled Red Ghost. The animal's back was heavily scarred from rawhide strips that had been used to tie down the body of a man. Some of the leather strands had cut into the camel's flesh. But how the human body came to be attached to the back of the camel remains a cruel mystery.
(Visited 2,444 times, 3 visits today)
A new Java zero-day security vulnerability is already being actively exploited to compromise PCs. The best way to defend against the attacks is to disable any Java browser plugins on your systems.
The offending bug is present in fully patched and up-to-date installations of the Java platform, now overseen by database giant Oracle, according to Jaime Blasco, head of labs at security tools firm AlienVault.
"The exploit is the same as the zero-day vulnerabilities we have been seeing in the past year in IE, Java and Flash," Blasco warned.
"The hacker can virtually own your computer if you visit a malicious link thanks to this new vulnerability. At the moment, there is no patch for this vulnerability, so the only way to protect yourself is by disabling Java."
The exploit targets Java 7 update 10 and prior versions. No fix is available and early indications suggest that exploitation is widespread. Brian Krebs reckons the exploit has found its way into crimeware toolkits, such as the Blackhole Exploit Kit, which will use the hole to infect victims with software nasties.
Java vulnerabilities were abused by the infamous Flashback Trojan, creating the first botnet on Mac OS X machines in the process last year. In the years before that attacks on Java and Adobe applications have eclipsed browser bugs as hackers' favourite way into a system.
In all but a limited number of cases Java support in web browsers is not mandatory for home users, unless required by a banking website or similar, so disabling plugins even as a temporary measure is a good idea. Businesses, on the other hand, that rely on Java for particular applications are not so fortunate.
While waiting for a patch from Oracle to plug the gaping hole, instructions on how to turn off Java in browsers can be found in this blog post by Graham Cluley of Sophos. ®
From the Global Goals initiative, the choice that instantly struck my mind was Climate Action. Here is why:
Ever since I read Henry David Thoreau's Walden, my mind had opened up to the nuances that lay quietly in the nature of this planet. The colour green had enveloped an all new meaning to my soul, emitting vigour and prosperity of life itself. At once everything in the nature had started to bear me a metaphorical meaning for all the existence of mankind — every sunrise being a new day, a new chance, the unbound wind telling me that life is not, and should not be, bound by barriers, the flow of a river standing as the meaning of life's movement, which should always go on, the wild forests reminding us of the wilderness each one of us holds within our heart, and above all, the existence of all of these things hand in hand around us had become the gospel nature had written for us.
But when I walk into the world, a world of daily chores, my mind drifts away from the mesmerizing allegory of nature and becomes one with the discomfort awaiting me out there, all because of the trivial-appearing things such as pollution, traffic, heat, uneven rainfall and the unbearable rising temperatures of each passing summer. I was filled with dismay when the Pune city's rainfall went completely out of track this year.
Climate change is not an event but a trigger to the impending consequences coming our way, and what is more horrifying is our indifference towards it. We just don't seem to mind it as much as we should, and that saddens me more than anything. In the first 15 years of this new century, the warmest 14 years have already been recorded, which tells us grave news about the changing face of the planet's temperatures.
Personally, a very fearsome consequence of the climate change would be the increased inequality between people. We already have enough differences in the financial corners of our lives, but this impending environmental doom will only elevate it to the next appalling levels around the world. When rainfall starts to deteriorate, which it is doing already, water ceases to be available in abundance. And with the decreased abundance of water resources, there comes the trouble with energy generation and agriculture. When energy is generated in lesser and lesser quantities, the electricity supply becomes a problem, and not everyone can afford the daily life alternatives such as the inverters, and thus will be destined to darkness and low living, and among them would be the children who can't afford a good school, or food.
But there is something else that worries me even more. It is the loss of beauty in our lives, a beauty that intertwines us with nature and all of its wonders. We live in this world to experience them, too. But with the changing face of the planet those wonders are slowly fading away. Day by day we're turning more artificial than ever before, moving ourselves away from the naturalness inherent within us. But the complacence nature can offer us is ever nobler than anything that is man-made. The comfort you feel inside an air conditioned room will simply amount to void when compared to the hearty bliss that evokes within yourself when you experience a day with the perfect weather.
The sense of nature's presence that arouses inside me when I touch the leaves of plants makes me feel so connected to the billions of years of universe's existence. There is absolutely nothing in the world that makes me feel this way, with the exception of a good story. To me, taking concern in these little things of life is what puts me closest to nature, and thus to the mankind, too — because at their core, nature and mankind are inseparable.
And when nature disrupts, so does mankind.
Thus, climate change is not just about the environment anymore but about ourselves, about the people that we are, and the people that our next generations will grow up to be. And now, more than ever before, the fate and future of Mother Nature is left within the hands of her children.
Let us not leave her to ruin, because that's not what children do to their mother.
The largely successful Marvel Cinematic Universe has made some minor character changes from time-to-time. Certain heroes undergo understandable altercations in order to better translate a comic book into a major motion picture success. In some cases, the film version hits so well with audiences that it changes the comic book portrayal. This is how movie success has impacted comic book Star-Lord.
Peter Jason Quill was created in 1976 by Steve Englehart, first appearing in Marvel Preview #4. It wasn't until Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning's Guardians Of The Galaxy run in 2008 that the character struck a major chord with readers. This 25-issue masterpiece is highly touted by Marvel fans and was the main influence for the 2014 film.
In this series, readers are exposed to the brand of leadership that Star-Lord provides. He's a “happy accident” kind of hero, similar to Indiana Jones. Quill is an honorable man, always in over his head, doing whatever it takes to do what's right. Abnett wrote him as a sarcastic war hero in space, with a punk-rock edge to him. The perfect leader for such an odd collection of heroes that make up the Guardians Of The Galaxy.
Chris Pratt's portrayal of Star-Lord is a bit different, but not in a bad way. Keeping the core of the character intact, he makes Quill his own. Pratt isn't so much a dead-on depiction of Star-Lord from the comics, but more of an embodiment of the overall tone from Abnett's legendary run. This version of the character works perfectly for silver screen audiences, but does that mean it translates to comic book form?
Leading up to the release of the film, Marvel launched a new Guardians ongoing series written by Brian Michael Bendis. This was meant to be the jumping on point for new readers after falling in love with the movie. The tone and characterization was more in line with the movie than the Abnett Guardians. Which at first was very charming, while we were still in the honeymoon phase and deep within GOTG-Mania.
The further that Bendis' series went on, the more the comic book series reflected the film. Fast forward through a handful of “soft-reboots” by Marvel, Peter Quill had become a carbon copy of Chris Pratt's portrayal. His costume, face, and attitude all reflect that of the MCU version. This doesn't immediately create a problem, how Bendis handled it does however.
Pratt's representation of Quill works perfectly for a cinematic structure. Unfortunately it proved challenging to develop that particular character over the course of an ongoing comic book series. Over time, Bendis' Guardians Of The Galaxy had become stale. Other than the name and setting, there were no elements left from Abnett's cosmic cult classic.
At the center of it all is Star-Lord, he had become an unrelateable man-child constantly ruining his own progression every chance he got. If 2008 Quill were to meet current Quill, the former would be severely disappointed. Not just for ditching the coolest uniforms in comic book history either.
The prime example of Star-Lord's tiresome depiction was his on-again, off-again engagement to Kitty Pryde. Their entire relationship was a dragged out, middle school level, fan fiction. It was kind of cute at first, quickly wore out it's welcome, then lasted for a year too long. There's no relief in their romance being over either, now readers are stuck dealing with his post break-up blues. I don't think there's a large portion of GOTG fans who want to read multiple issues about a mopey, drunk Star-Lord.
I don't entirely blame Brian Michael Bendis. Marvel probably pressured him to use the tone of their blockbuster movie. The studio pigeonholed him creatively, while also stretching him too thin across many titles. Recently Bendis announced he would be leaving the series, clearly his heart wasn't in it anymore.
What's next for Star-Lord and his galaxy guarding companions? Only time will tell, hopefully the next creative team will be provided a healthy balance of Pratt and Abnett's respective Peter Quills. Chip Zdarsky's recent Star-Lord solo series is a step in the right direction, although still nothing like the Star-Lord we first fell in love with.
Have you been enjoying Star-Lord's comic book adventures over the past couple years? Which version of the character do you prefer? Comment below. If you like Guardians Of The Galaxy and haven't read the 2008 series, I can't recommend it enough.
Graham Nardone: Neighborhood follow-up post on The Sims 3 forums.
“Hi everyone, I'm glad you're enjoying the interview and the new details!
I wanted to take a minute to further clarify something that it appears is still causing some debate.
The Sims 4 doesn't have "districts”. We have a world (Willow Creek), and within that world is five distinct neighborhoods that all have a different feel to them… think of Los Angeles for example, the neighborhood of Bel Air is uniquely different than Hollywood, but they're both part of LA. Within each of those neighborhoods are up to five lots, which can be a residential or a community venue. Via the use of Manage Worlds (which replaces Edit Town), you can freely change any of the lots in any neighborhood to be either residential or community.
(Semi-confusing side note…) We do in fact actually have a sixth neighborhood in Willow Creek, we just don't refer to it as a “neighborhood” when we're talking about the game because it has a single large lot in it. You're free to visit or modify it as you would any other neighborhood, but it was built specifically to be a gorgeous park for Sims to enjoy in the great outdoors.
The unique difference in The Sims 4 is that there is a lot of game play in what we're calling the public spaces of these neighborhoods. Public spaces are the areas that are not part of a lot, and now in The Sims 4 we can place all of our interactive objects out into these public spaces. When Sims are on their lot, they will still consider autonomously using objects that are out in these public spaces - they are no longer confined to their artificial intelligence only thinking about what is on their currently active lot. Consequently, more Sims will want to be out in these public spaces; it makes the neighborhoods come alive with interesting Sims to watch or go out and interact with. It's a fantastic change that helps our Sims feel more intelligent and lessens the impact of a lot edge as an artificial boundary.
The end result of all of this is that we can pack way more game play into these public spaces than you would have seen in the worlds of The Sims 3. They have lots of interactive elements, they're beautifully decorated and landscaped, and they're always lively with your neighbors and other various Sims going about their daily lives. It gives us the added benefit of not always needing a lot to fill a particular Sim's desire… for example, some of the neighborhoods have typical park objects, children's playground equipment, and bathrooms out in these public spaces for all Sims to enjoy. We do still use community venue lots for certain things (like the Gym for example), because Build Mode tools have to be used on a lot.
Now, when you're traveling between a world, a neighborhood, or a lot, you will incur a short load. There is only one lot that's “active” at any single time, meaning if you want to use another lot you will travel there. This allows us to have 20 Sims actively running their full simulation at any time in the neighborhood - that area includes both the public space and your active/loaded lot. When you travel between lots in the same neighborhood, everything that was occurring in those public spaces persists… after the load all of the same Sims will still be where they were, doing what they were doing before you started loading. It's all feels quite natural when moving around the neighborhood rather than being a disruptive experience.
Counting the number of lots in a single world is a rather arbitrary number in The Sims 4 though, as you can freely travel, move, work, visit, etc, any world, neighborhood, or lot while still retaining the information about who your Sim is, their belongings, their relationships, their family, etc.
I hope that helps everyone better understand how the game functions!
catloverplayer wrote:It worries me that sims you download join your household. He said you can kick them out but I'm wondering if this means we don't have a library anymore so we can transfer our sims to any future worlds. Hi Cat;
When he said that about downloading the sim and it went into your household that you were playing, I immediately thought about whether or not we could download while in the management section of the game? Like that way you can get what you want and put them where you want and not have to deal with having the new sim in your household if that's not what you want. I hope that's how it will work. windweaver wrote:Hi Cat;When he said that about downloading the sim and it went into your household that you were playing, I immediately thought about whether or not we could download while in the management section of the game? Like that way you can get what you want and put them where you want and not have to deal with having the new sim in your household if that's not what you want. I hope that's how it will work.
This is an excellent point - thanks for mentioning it as I forgot to bring that up during the interview; I was specifically thinking about what you can do in Live Mode. Yes, you can access the Gallery while in Manage Worlds mode and bring in Sims/Households there so that you can directly add them to a new home, merge them with an existing household, or even add them as a townie who doesn't live in the world.
There is also a personal “My Library” where you can store Sims, homes, and individual rooms to be accessed while offline, or simply to keep them to yourself if you don't want to upload them to the Gallery.“ –Graham Nardone
See also: Graham Nardone Update #2: Loading screens between every lot. Public areas aren't considered lots.
Honeywell's Sims 4 News | Interviews 2014 | E3 2014
This is the Senator, the largest pond cypress in the U.S. and, at 3,500 years old, the fifth-oldest individual tree in the world. Or anyway, this was the Senator, because on Jan. 16, the Florida tree burned from the inside out.
Authorities initially ruled out arson, saying that friction or smoldering lightning damage may have started the fire. But they've now ruled it right back in, arresting 26-year-old Sara Barnes for lighting the Senator on fire while sitting inside it doing meth.
Police became suspicious when they found that Barnes had taken cell phone pictures of the tree fire in progress and uploaded them to her laptop. (Presumably they were suspicious cell phone pictures, or maybe she posted them on Facebook saying “look at this tree I burned.” Because I think probably anyone who just happened upon a giant flaming tree would probably whip out the camera.) When police confiscated her phone and computer, Barnes told investigators that she and a friend had been getting high inside the hollow tree and “lit a fire so they could see better.” The fire then destroyed the tree in a matter of hours.
Sorry! This content is no longer available.
Here are some of the Senator's vital stats before the fire, a more robust list of accomplishments than most senators can boast of:
125 feet tall
17.5 feet in diameter
Between 3,400 and 3,600 years old
Over 5,100 cubic feet in volume
Fifth-oldest tree in the world
Oldest pond cypress in the world
Largest pond cypress in the country
Largest tree east of the Mississippi
Here are some of Sara Barnes' vital stats:
We caught up with him Sunday. Here is a transcript of the interview, which has been condensed and lightly edited.
What made you decide to challenge a sitting senator?
The state has changed significantly over the past 25 years. We are overdue for a real debate on the issues, priorities and leadership the voters want from their senator. California deserves a senator that will not just fully resist the Trump presidency, but also understand the issues that most Californians face every day.
Do you think Senator Feinstein is out of touch with the Democratic Party?
I don't want to get into her right now. I promise you I will give you more as we go on in the next few days or next few weeks.
Do you think that her age — 84 — should be an issue?
Absolutely not. Her problem isn't age, but where she stands on the key issues that the voters care about. Ideas and values and priorities.
What issues do you differ with her on? Is Trump one of them?
My record is very clear on where I have stood with regards to Donald Trump and how he is a clear and present danger to economic prosperity, to progressive values and to our people. I don't believe that Dreamers have the patience to wait to see if Donald Trump will be a good president.
Would you support impeaching Donald Trump?
Do I support impeaching Donald Trump? Well. Let me see. The answer is yes. I agree with Senator Bob Corker. Mr. Trump is an unreliable and unhinged individual who is an enormous threat to our national security. His own party is terrified.
Story highlights Lawmakers agreed on a bipartisan energy bill
It doesn't include funding for Flint, Michigan, due to objections by one senator
Washington (CNN) Bipartisan Senate leaders reached an agreement Wednesday on a long-stalled energy modernization bill that some had hoped would include money to address the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan.
But because the Flint provision is still the subject of a hold by Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee -- who objects to the way it is funded -- the energy bill will now move on without it.
The setback is significant, because even if Lee's concerns are resolved eventually, it will likely be time-consuming and complicated to find a new legislative vehicle to pass the money for Flint.
Michigan Sen. Debbie Stabenow quickly issued a statement knocking Lee for holding up the funds, which she argues are desperately needed.
"It's totally unacceptable that Sen. Lee continues to block a vote on our fully paid for, bipartisan agreement to help Flint and other communities across the nation who have serious lead and water problems," the Democrat said. "This is about something as basic as making sure families have clean water to drink and children with lead poisoning get the help they need."
Read More
Our mission is to provide information on non-academia career paths for astronomers and astrophysicists who might or might not have postdoc experience. As this website grows we will try to collect information from different sources (scientists, organizations, companies, astronomical communities, ...) in order to provide a more complete view of the employment opportunities either in government institutions or industry. We would appreciate your support in the form of information, your personal experience outside of academia, or a referral to someone you know who is willing to provide us with further information.
Please circulate our 5-point questionnaire to anyone you know who used to be an astronomer and now works at a non-academic job.
Please contact us if you would like to contribute to this initiative or sign up to receive updates. We will not give out your email address and will keep the emails to a minimum.
Newswise — The organs in our body may have a sexual identity of their own, new research suggests. The idea that our organs could be “male” or “female” raises the possibility that women and men may need different treatments as a result. The findings could also shed light on why it is that some cancers are more common in women, and others in men.
The study, published today in Nature, was carried out in fruit files by a team at the MRC Clinical Sciences Centre (CSC), based at Imperial College London.
“We wanted to ask a very basic question: whether it is just the cells of the sex organs of a fully developed organism that ‘know' their sexual identity, or whether this is true of cells in other organs too - and whether that matters,” said Irene Miguel-Aliaga, who led the research and heads the Gut Signalling and Metabolism group at the CSC.
To do this, the CSC team examined stem cells in flies' intestines. They used genetic tools that allow them to turn genes “on” and “off” specifically in these cells. This allowed them to tailor the cells to be more “female” or more “male”. When the team feminised or masculinised the flies' gut stem cells this changed the extent to which the cells multiplied. Female, or feminised cells were better able to proliferate.
This enhanced ability appears to allow the intestine in female flies to grow during reproduction. Miguel-Aliaga has previously shown that after mating, the female fly gut is re-sized and metabolically remodelled to sustain reproduction. She speculated at the time that if such enlargement also helps to ensure optimum nutrition for a developing fetus in humans, this may help to explain why women don't need to “eat for two” during pregnancy.
In the current study, the team found that the effect of feminising adult gut stem cells was reversible. “If we take a female fly and then in the adult we masculinise the stem cells in the intestine and wait, within three weeks the gut shrinks to the smaller, male-like size,” said CSC and EMBO*-postdoc, Bruno Hudry, who is first author on today's paper. The team also found that the female intestine was more prone to tumours. “We find it's a lot easier to create genetically-induced tumours in females than in males. So we suspect there is a trade-off going on. Females need this increased plasticity to cope with reproduction, but in certain circumstances that can be deleterious and make the female gut more prone to tumours.”
It was known that the gonads, or sex organs, of vertebrates retain considerable plasticity: adult ovary and adult testis cells in mice can trans-differentiate into their counterparts following just a single genetic change. So cells in the gonads must have their sexual identity continuously reinforced throughout their postnatal life.
The teams believe this to be the first time, however, that such plasticity has been demonstrated in adult cells outside the gonads. “If we now take the fly in which we've masculinised the stem cells, and mate this fly, we see that its gut is not re-sized in response to reproduction. So we think that what the stem cell sexual identity is doing is to confer differential plasticity on the female gut,” Hudry said.
It may be obvious that males and females develop sex-specific organs as a fetus develops, but according to Miguel-Aliaga there has been an assumption that organs that are the same in both sexes function differently only because of different circulating hormones – for example, the oestrogen in women and testosterone in men that kick-in at puberty.
What's surprising is that in an adult organ found in both sexes, such as the intestine, differences remain, and that these are not due to either developmental history or circulating hormones. The benefit of using a fly model is that the team can masculinise or feminise individual adult stem cells and explore the outcome without changing the fly's developmental history or its circulating hormones.
In the course of this research, the team identified a potentially important new mechanism behind this sex switching, which they suggest may be operating in more of the organs and tissues of our bodies than has previously been recognised. Miguel-Aliaga sees this as an important finding of today's paper.
The formation of female or male characteristics involves a cascade of genetic events. “We saw that the sex determinants at the top of this cascade were active, but parts of the cascade that had previously been shown to be active, for example in the sex organs or during development, did not function in these stem cells. This told us a new branch of the sex determination pathway is at play.”
Until now, it has been assumed that the only cells with a sexual identity are those in which this recognised cascade is active. “We have found a new mechanism that is independent of this, which potentially means that every cell in the fly has a sexual identity.”
According to Miguel-Aliaga this raises the intriguing possibility that cells in many more fly organs than previously assumed may have their own sexual identity, and that this might be the case in people too.
“We want to know what this new branch is all about. We have found three genes that are important in the gut stem cells, and are intrigued to know whether these three genes play a similar role in cells outside of the gut in other body tissues as well.” The team is keen to examine these three genes further, not least because people carry genes that are analogous to the three they've now highlighted as important.
Dr Des Walsh, head of the population and systems medicine board at the MRC, said: “This study is an interesting piece of biological research that extends our understanding of why male and female physiology is different, beyond the obvious.
“Further research is now needed to see how this finding translates to humans. If this intrinsic knowledge held by stem cells is indeed driving the way our organs behave, it could also influence the way these same organs respond to treatment.”
The research was supported by the CSC Genomics and Bioinformatics facilities, and funded by the European Research Council and the Medical Research Council.
*European Molecular Biology Organisation.
Read earlier work in eLife here, and eLife's ‘Insight' article about that study.
SEE ORIGINAL STUDY
Koei Tecmo Goes DMCA On DOA Modders For Undressing It's Already Scantily Clad Characters
from the a-mod-too-far dept
I won't pretend to know every in and out of the Dead or Alive series. That's partially because I gave up fighting games once I hit junior high, and partially because my gaming habits tend to cleave to particular franchises generally and DoA wasn't amongst those I patronized. But I gather the series has been mostly about offering up characters, and setting them to beat the hell out of one another for fun and amusement. I can see where there might be fun in that.
What I can't see is why the creator of such a game series would want to make the kinds of moral arguments against modders that DoA producer Yosuke Hayashi made in conjunction with Koei Tecmo going all DMCA crazy on mods that removed the wardrobes of the fairer characters of DoA 5: Last Round.
"We have to deal with mod issues from an IP holder perspective," Koei Tecmo producer Yosuke Hayashi said in an interview with trade publication MCV. "We would like to ask PC users to play our game in good moral and manner. Otherwise, we won't be able to release a title for PC again."
The gravity-defying boob physics represent the necessity of a firm moral stance...or something...
Now, is the dedication some modders show to making sure that female characters are disrobed a level 20 on the creepy scale? Sure, I think that's fair. But, from a business perspective, why is Tecmo interested in going the DMCA route on the modding community? Whatever you think of the mods themselves, it's difficult to mount a logical argument for going to war with the modding community, which is typically made up of either a game's fan-base or talented modders serving some portion of the fan-base. Either way, mods are strictly for the interested, meaning they can only make a productdesirable, not less. What good comes from the company trying to hide these mods using intellectual property law?As for the moral argument, please let me just type "haha" here and imagine I kept repeating those two letters infinitely, because, seriously, c'mon. Theseries only strayed form its chief thematic vehicle of human beings beating the ever-loving shit out of one another in order to tantalize dumb teenage boys by creating spinoff series in which the female characters play volleyball in laughably small bikinis, spinoffs in which the female characters are photographed in laughably small bikinis, and spinoffs in which the female characters can play almost-strip-poker with the player. Let me see if I can draw you a picture of morality usingimagery.
The point is that there seems to be little sense in any of this from Tecmo's perspective. Moral arguments are for those with moral authority, and good gaming business is to let modders have-at-it, as it were.
Filed Under: dmca, doa, modders, mods, morality, yosuke hayashi
Companies: koei tecmo
China's state railways company is pushing NSW to redesign its $7 billion second Sydney Harbour rail crossing to accommodate a second deck for a high-speed rail line.
Patrick Yu, chief executive of Centurion Group, a developer which is China Rail's local partner, said that it would cost only $250 million more to build one big 16-metre diameter tunnel with two decks instead of the current plan for two single-deck six metre tunnels to carry suburban trains for the new Sydney Metro.
He said that even though a high-speed rail line has not yet been approved it still made sense to build a bigger tunnel just in case. He said China would consider making up the difference in cost. "Another harbour rail tunnel alignment would be extremely difficult to secure and it would take 10 years. It would be a crying pity not to have future-proofed infrastructure."
Rail freight is one of Premier Li Keqiang's favoured economic indicators. Fairfax
The China Rail consortium has been pushing for a $25 billion 150-kilometre high-speed rail line from Newcastle north to Campbelltown to the south-west for some years but it has recently secured the support of Fred Nile, leader of the Christian Democrats which controls the balance of power in the NSW upper house.
Reverend Nile said he had written to NSW Premier Mike Baird asking him to consider altering the design of the rail tunnel. "I think the government should make the decision straight away to cater for high-speed rail," Mr Nile said.
NewsAbortion
LEEDS, UK, April 28, 2014 ( LifeSiteNews.com ) – The 23-year-old British woman who planned to abort her child so she could appear on the reality TV show Big Brother says she changed her mind after she felt her baby kick and watched online videos of late-term abortions.
“I just couldn't do it,” said Josie Cunningham, according to the Sunday Mirror , which reported the story. “I really thought I would be able to but I couldn't. I'd felt the baby kick for the first time 24 hours earlier and I couldn't get that feeling out of my head,” said Cunningham, who is 18 weeks pregnant.
“I'd forgotten what the feeling was like. It was magical. It was like the baby was telling me not to go through with it,” she said.
Cunningham had publicly vowed to abort her child in exchange for the potential for television time, defiantly telling the media, “This time next year I won't have a baby. I'll be famous instead.”
Cunningham told the Mirror, “I lost control and I wanted to be famous so badly I lost sight of what matters.”
“I was in the taxi driving to the clinic and felt physically sick,” Cunningham said. “When the driver told me we were a minute away I burst into tears. I wanted to throw myself out of the moving car to get away. I had my hands on my bump and I had the strongest feeling I couldn't let anyone take my baby away.”
Pictures of aborted children also helped change her mind about abortion, perhaps as well as pictures of fetal development.
The Mirror reports that Cunningham watched videos of late-term abortions before her own abortion.
“I'd had so many angry tweets from people telling me to look at pictures of fetuses at 18 or 19 weeks and to understand what I was doing,” she said. “As I lay awake the night before the appointment, I cracked.”
“What I saw horrified me,” she said. “They looked like fully formed babies, and I read there have been 66 cases where aborted fetuses have come out alive because their mothers left the decision so late. I lay in bed and sobbed. Doubts crept in.”
“I think I've been ignorant to all the facts, to everything that's involved in the procedure,” she said. “Definitely.”
Click "like" if you want to end abortion!
According to the Mirror, critics have lambasted the wannabe celebrity, suggesting that her announcement of intending to abort her child and then proclaiming she will not go through with it was all done for publicity.
Cunningham denied the allegations.
Many LifeSiteNews readers who commented on the story published last week said they would offer prayers for a change of heart and for the life of her child.
"Wow... this girl needs a lot of prayer!" wrote one LifeSiteNews reader, while another said, "Let us unite in prayer for her and her precious, innocent little baby," suggesting a prayer attributed to Archbishop Fulton Sheen: "Jesus, Mary and Joseph, we love you very much! We beg you to spare the life of _____________, whom we have spiritually adopted who is in danger of being aborted. Amen."
While many readers also expressed dismay and sadness over the story, the pro-life prayers for Cunningham and her baby seem to have won the day.
"Now I've made this decision I am determined to be a good mother just like I am to my other children,” Cunningham vowed.
'I was 21 stone and used to cry with guilt and shame then I joined a gym and met the love of my life'
In the space of seven years, the Derry-born former car dealer has gone from a dangerously heavy 21 stone (133kg) to a lean, mean 15 (95kg), and changed pretty much everything about his life in the process.
From his eating habits and his waistline to his profession, Sam has reinvented himself - and even finding love along the way.
Having "gone through a kind of hell" that saw him lead an unhealthy double life, scoffing chocolates and chips in the car before heading home for dinner, and even contemplating suicide in his "lowest, darkest moments", the 43-year-old has become the picture of healthy living, willpower personified.
Big transformation: Sam Conley has gone from 21 stone (left) to 15 stone (right)
In recent years, Sam has prevailed at international body building competitions, opened his own unique 'by appointment only' gym and transformed the lives of countless others inspired by his example as a personal trainer, nutritional specialist and motivational speaker. And later this year, he will release his first book, provisionally entitled My Body Transformation Unplugged: The Highs and Hells of a Fitness Journey.
It all started with an ill-fated visit to the tailors. "When I was 36, one Saturday afternoon I went to buy a new suit ahead of a wedding," he recalls. "Although I was overweight from childhood, as an adult I still clung to the notion that I remained a 38-inch waist, which was patently not the case, but that's what I asked for. Needless to stay, the trousers wouldn't pass my knees.
"The assistant came to check on me and when he saw the fit of the trousers, he laughed out loud. 'Mate, you're more like a 44', he said, and he was right, of course, but I couldn't handle it. So I dressed quickly, ran out off the shop and drove home to Limavady crying inconsolably. That weekend was terrible, awful. I was in shock. It had hit me for the first time just how badly I had let myself go."
The following Monday, he joined the gym. He had never set foot in one before. Quite the opposite - up until that point, in fact, he had spent his entire life wilfully overeating at every given opportunity. He looks back now at what he describes as an "irresponsible" attitude toward food that saw him go through education and adulthood clinically obese.
"My mother, Ann Edith Rutherford, was an amazing woman and the perfect mother, and my brother David and I had a fantastic childhood," Sam says. "We were fed good food, but I simply ate too much of it. I explain to clients now that too much good food will make you fat just like too much bad food will, and that was definitely the case with me.
"I had a sweet tooth, so chocolate, sweets and cakes were high on my agenda," he adds. "I was convinced that I didn't like vegetables, so they were always replaced with extra potatoes and meat. Levi 501s were the must-have item at that time, but I could never find them in my size. Even in my mid-teens I was putting away 1,000-2,000 calories of junk food a day without question. I have such piercing memories of my weight and how it bothered me growing up."
Sam Conley at the gym
As is so often the case, Sam was the victim of bullying in primary and secondary school. He was "the fat kid", targeted by bullies who flushed his head down the toilet, teased him in the playground and physically assaulted him on a regular basis.
At grammar school, he dreaded PE. "I was traumatised by the showers after rugby, when my man-boobs were the in-joke, along with comments about me needing a bra. One of the most harrowing experiences had to be when we were required to play what they call T-shirts against skins games. Being made to participate shirtless haunts me to this day."
Nowadays, he observes, with obesity on the rise in the UK among children and adults, the sight of overweight kids in school uniforms is becoming the norm. It's a troubling trend that he works hard to contest when speaking in schools.
"I see a reversal today. Whereas I was the fat kid, now so many kids in schools are overweight and even morbidly obese. That makes me really sad," he says. "Thankfully, my two girls, Zara (12) and Lucy (8), really buy into what I do and they ask really good questions about food and diet. I love that they're aware. Without ever making food an issue, I gently steer them in the right direction so they never have to suffer like I did. They get their treats, of course, but they love healthy, home-cooked meals and exercise too."
The death of his mother 12 years ago was "devastating", and triggered an even more severe reliance on food. Sam's comfort eating "got out of control", and work did not help. At the time, he put in long hours every day as a car sales representative, a "highly stressful job, which facilitated starvation during the day, fuelling up with energy drinks and binging in the evenings".
"My secret eating really kicked off in my 20s, and continued into my married life," he admits. "I would buy multi-packs of chocolate bars, family-size bags of sweets, and devour them in my car in minutes. I'd frequently go for takeaway for everyone and order an extra meal, which I would eat in the car on the way home. The guilt and shame I'd later feel was horrendous and I'd cry myself to sleep on many occasions."
Happy days: Sam with (from left) Cathy and his daughters Zara and Lucy
In an attempt to change his lifestyle, Sam opened his own motorcycle retail business, but remained dogged by "a deep sense of unhappiness", exacerbated by a faltering marriage. This unhealthy combination took its toll physically. "Just before my visit to the tailors, I was almost diagnosed with multiple sclerosis," he says.
"I'd lost the power in my left hand and it was a very frightening time, marked by scans and consultations, until an astute specialist probed further and uncovered the immense stress I was under. Shortly after, I signed up at the gym."
The prospect of working out among others surrounded by mirrors "terrified" Sam, but he stuck at it, taking the process of exercise "one day at a time", determined to break his previous bad habits and begin a new way of living. The results were immediate. "For a month I went to the gym four days a week and I lost a stone. After four months, I'd dropped four stones. I would go on to lose five and a half stones that first year."
Sam's marriage ultimately ended in divorce. However, he continued with his efforts to lose weight and says the pros of transforming his lifestyle have "far outweighed" the cons
He is now a qualified nutritional expert, writing diet plans for all sorts of people, and works with a loyal core of clients who attend his HQ Fitness Academy for its "privacy and non-judgemental atmosphere". The motto here is: "No classes, no posers, no egos," he points out.
"I know what it's like to go through that journey alone. Many of my clients have huge self-confidence issues, so I give them the best possible advice and support. It's about choosing your gym or your trainer wisely. My clients put their trust in me and that's a privilege."
Perhaps the most satisfying aspect of Sam's transformation, however, has been meeting his "soulmate" Cathy Boyd, also from Limavady. They initially met while attending the same gym, and struck up a relationship after Cathy requested he writes her a diet plan.
"I never knew real happiness until Cathy came into my life, and that's a fact," he says. "When she asked me to write her a plan, I was star-struck. I would never have imagined that we would get together. The concept seemed inconceivable. She was this dream girl, in my eyes. We got engaged at the Eiffel Tower in Paris last January and I still can't believe we're getting married later this year.
"Cathy has turned her life around too and coaches with me at HQ and I couldn't be more proud of her. We love working together. We train together and are both super passionate about what we do, and she is also amazing with my girls. We're all so happy and content."
It's hard not to be inspired by Sam and his incredible transformation. From hopeless, unhappy overeater to disciplined, ripped PT and entrepreneur, his journey has touched the lives of hundreds of people here, and he has ambitions to spread his message of sustainable healthy living even further still.
"I get so many messages from people across the country, who have heard my story and saw fit to reach out for help. They frequently have me in tears. I'm on a mission to free as many people as possible from the misery I once felt. I tell them that everything is fixable, that age is irrelevant, and the only thing that matters is their desire to change. If you approach your change with that attitude, you're certain not to fail."
Belfast Telegraph
Muslims in Kedah who skip Friday prayers three weeks in a row run the risk of being penalised under Section 13 of the Syariah Criminal Offences Enactment 2014.
The public can report individuals from failing to attend Friday prayers by filling in a form at any JAIk office in the state.
Reports will be confidential.
Offenders can be jailed for up to three months, fined up to RM1,000 or both.
According to Kedah Islamic Department (JAIK) head enforcement officer Syeikh Ahmad Fisol, the law will be enforced from June 1 onwards and promised it would be applied fairly.
"If an offender refuses to cooperate, we will apply for an arrest warrant," he told a press conference at his office, according to Bernama .
He said JAIK had received many complaints on Muslim males ignoring their religious obligations and hope that the law would prevent this from happening.
Syeikh Ahmad added that JAIK will hold a roadshow in all 12 districts to explain the law to the public.
"Posters and circulars on the law would be distributed in all 568 mosques in Kedah," he said.
An Israeli artist decided to celebrate her heart transplant in a dramatic way.
A snowy-haired woman gets out of her car in the Israeli wilderness with a small, closed bucket. She puts on a pair of latex gloves and shushes us with her bright blue finger. Then she digs a small hole.
Eventually, she opens the bucket. She takes out a slimy object that resembles boiled chicken. Her latex gloves shake like an electric toothbrush as she handles the thing, gasping. Then ... gasp. It's a human heart.
Forty-six-year-old Sharon Fidel, an Israeli artist, had a heart transplant this summer. After she recovered, she drove out to the wilderness to personally bury her own heart. Oh, and then she filmed the experience, uploaded the video to Facebook and added cheery disco music in the background. For some reason, Fidel decided the theme to 1980s American television show "The Love Boat" was the best tune to accompany her burial.
Love, exciting and new
Come Aboard. We're expecting you ...
Fidel, who studied at Beit Berl College near the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, had a heart attack last year. Her condition worsened, and it became clear that she needed a heart transplant. Recent scientific advances have opened up the possibility of robot hearts, but human heart transplants are still common. And an organ donation can be life-saving. The family of a 16-year-old who died in a tragic traffic accident put her heart on the transplant registry. And her heart now lives on, in Fidel. The traumatic experience inspired Fidel to bury her old heart.
“Everything is authentic in the film, and I trembled when I put the heart into the ground," she said. "I believe that, additionally, the excitement and fear of attempting to really touch the organ and pick it up – all those things caused the trembling. It was very scary.”
Her hands tremble a lot, both on and off screen. Her medication causes them to shake, which makes it hard for her to paint. That's part of the reason she started making these videos.
“Thank you for our shared childhood," declared Fidel to her heart in one of a series of videos she made about the burial, "our shared adolescence, our shared frustration, our shared fear, our shared tears, for all our shared secrets, for our shares loves, and for the laughter and humor you gave me. Thank you for how strong you were and, most of all, thanks for not letting me die with you.”
After she finishes burying her organ, she kneels down, peels off her blue gloves, and unexpectedly takes off her white hair. It was a wig. She runs her hands through her short, brown hair and cries.
And Love won't hurt anymore
It's an open smile on a friendly shore.
Yes LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE!
One mention and it's speculation. Two and it gets a little uncomfortable if you're an Arizona fan.
Rich Rodriguez hasn't taken long to build a winning team in the desert, and if the Wildcats find themselves challenging in or winning the Pac-12 South in four weeks, rumors could begin building. The Florida Gators are floundering, and after two less-than-stellar coaching tenures by Ron Zook and current coach Will Muschamp, it seems that a new coach could be on the horizon.
Both Yahoo!'s Pat Forde and Sporting News' Matt Hayes place RichRod on the shortlist of potential replacements for Muschamp. Read again: These aren't reports that this is going to happen (you know, Florida has to fire their coach first), just their lists of coaches who would be solid candidates.
From Hayes:
Rich Rodriguez, Arizona: Already has Arizona competing at a high level in the Pac-12, and would bring the same offense that former Florida coach Urban Meyer ran with so much success. Rodriguez still talks about his days at Michigan, and how he would have gotten things turned around had he been given more time. What better way to prove that than doing it at Florida?
This is all true, except one of Rodriguez's biggest regrets of his Michigan tenure was, in his words, baking the cake and not getting to eat it. He's still baking at Arizona.
This situation isn't too different from one in January, when Greg Byrne had to bat down rumors about Rodriguez's candidacy at Louisville. That was followed in May by Rodriguez, Byrne and Sean Miller receiving extensions through 2018.
Forde, however, also mentions in his Forde-yard dash of "Worst fears of the college football season" that Byrne could be a top candidate to become the SEC commissioner with Mike Slive retiring after this academic year.
Byrne has done his job in doing everything to keep Miller and Rodriguez in town, and he'll have to continue fighting away the gnats after their success. But if Byrne ever leaves Arizona, it could provide the opening and uncertainty at Arizona for others to swoop in.
All things considered, Rodriguez probably doesn't want to move his entire staff across the country if he believes he can help Arizona challenge for Rose Bowls -- and without the pressure cooker in Gainsville that's probably similar to that of Ann Arbor. Byrne, likewise, moved to Tucson from Mississippi State to be closer to his family.
In New York City, as in most cities throughout the world, there are thousands of traffic lights at intersections with pedestrian crossings, all fitted with buttons for pedestrians to press so that the light will go green for them. Hour after hour, day in and day out, tens of thousands of pedestrians do in fact press these buttons and wait for the lights to change so that they can cross safely. But in the late 1980s, New York City overhauled their traffic light system so that it became controlled and co-ordinated by centralised computer systems. At the stroke of an administrative pen and the flick of a switch, all those buttons on the traffic lights were rendered obsolete. And yet, every day thousands of people (even native New Yorkers who are perfectly aware of the automation) stand at the lights and push the buttons as they wait to cross. It is as if the fact that they can push a button gives them a feeling of control over the amount of time that they wait, and that the wait is therefore less of a burden.
We human being love being in control, whether it's in control of our emotions (nobody really *wants* to sob in public); in control of our children; in control of our finances; or simply in control of the television remote control. Even when we are patently not in control, we tend to overestimate the amount of control that we have over a situation – and it's a well-documented natural human tendency that has been named the illusion of control. Ever seen those open and close buttons on underground train doors? Ever tried pressing one? You'll find that the do nothing (the doors are – sensibly – controlled by the driver) – but damn, it makes you feel better because for a second you forget that you are in a metal tube a few dozen metres below the surface of the earth and feel in control of your environment. Ditto the “close doors” button on elevators. On a positive note, patients who believe themselves to have control over their own capacity to get heal fare better than those who don't. But unfortunately the illusion of control is also what gives some stock market traders an inflated idea of their degree of control over the markets, leading to small inconveniences like the global financial crisis; or makes compulsive gamblers think that they can influence the outcome of a game of pure chance.
Earlier this year, Mr Cooksister acquired an allotment. It was a disheveled patch of earth covered liberally in stinging nettles and thorny brambles, and inches below the surface was a treasure trove of 100% authentic London trash – building rubble, shards of brown pottery jugs, mangled bits of metal – you name it. Let's just say it was not prime agricultural land. But, armed only with a spade, a pickaxe, a hoe and a strimmer, he set to work weekend after weekend and within a month, he had not only cleared the plot but also started digging neat rows of beds and planting seeds. When I visited a month or so after that, I was just astonished at the order that he had wrought out of the chaos: rows of tomatoes rubbed shoulders with a bed of asparagus, which was bordered by two rows of squashes and so forth. A small miracle. Nick had assumed control of the situation and all was well in the world. But as every farmer will tell you, when it comes to growing things, control is an illusion. Of course you can carefully prepare a bed, fertilise the soil, tend and water the plants – but you can't control the weather. After a late start, this year's summer was quite exceptional – hot and wonderful. But in September it turned suddenly damp and rainy, providing the exact conditions in which tomato blight spores germinate. Having had personal experience of blight in our own garden, Nick knew it was not a case of if tomato blight would strike, but rather when. First came the unhappy yellow leaves, then the black spots on the foliage and finally the shrivelled patches on the fruit themselves. So much for control.
The end result was that probably about two thirds of our tomato crop had to be picked green and stored in cardboard boxes in our conservatory in the hope of ripening them. Surprisingly, tomatoes ripen rather well on the vine in dark, dry cardboard boxes, but we still had far more tomatoes than we could use. Some of the green tomatoes went into my spicy green tomato and apple chutney but we had to find another way of using the remainder. A meal at a Mexican restaurant a couple of weeks ago sparked an idea – why not salsa verde? Traditionally, this is made with tomatillos, but the high acid and tart flavour of green tomatoes make them a perfectly acceptable substitute. The recipe Nick used was a slightly tweaked version of this one, and it was a learning curve in terms of the canning process – but in the end it was less complicated than I feared and it means that now we have 8 jars of salsa verde in the pantry to enjoy all year round. Phew – the illusion of control is restored!
More ideas for using up your green tomatoes include:
"We're at a technological nexus where a few different technologies have got to the level where it's now possible to do it," Pivac told PerthNow. "And that's what we've done." The system will first determine the location of every brick to be laid based on a 3D CAD design, then individually cuts and lays the bricks in sequence. Hadrian doesn't even need to move during the laying process as its 28-foot long boom manipulator is dextrous enough to both set the brick and slather on mortar as well. It even leaves space for pipes and wiring.
The machine is reportedly capable of setting 1000 bricks an hour -- roughly a home's exterior frame every two days or about 150 homes a year -- 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Pivac hopes to further develop and then market Hadrian in Western Australia before expanding to the entire country and then the rest of the world.
Introduction to Calligraphy I am writing this article with the intention of clarifying a few things about calligraphy, and to hopefully shed some light on misunderstandings about this beautiful art form. In my opinion, calligraphy suffers from an image problem. I find that people associate it with older people writing religious texts and with wedding invitations! But calligraphy is much more than that. In recent years, calligraphy is undergoing a revival, which makes me really happy.
Calligraphy vs Lettering vs Typography Calligraphy is the act of writing letters with relatively simple strokes, looking for a rhythm. When writing calligraphy, we can see the direct movement of our hand and the shape of the tool we are using, through observing the letterforms. In addition, calligraphy can serve as the basis for creating new fonts and through the study of negative and positive spaces, balance, composition, rhythm and expression of the line it becomes an art form. However, if we are only drawing letters or building the elements of each letter with several strokes, re-touching and re-drawing them, we are not talking about calligraphy but lettering. Typography on the other hand, reproduces handwritten or drawn letters, creating a categorised system that allows us to build type compositions at any time. You can read a great article about this topic by Joseph Alessio who says: “Calligraphy is based on penmanship; it's essentially writing letters. Lettering, on the other hand, is based on draftsmanship, meaning drawing letters. Typography was, and has continued to be, primarily the skill of setting type.”
Back to the future The origin of our Latin alphabet is the Roman Empire. Around 1 AD, the most formal and elevated letterforms were the Roman Capitals (Capitalis Monumentalis). These letters are an expression of the Roman Classical beauty of the time. In the past, as it is today, knowledge is power. Two thousand years ago not many people could read or write, which means that the vast majority of the population saw the Roman inscriptions as an aesthetic form of art, but could not necessarily read the message. Much like political campaigns today, Roman inscriptions represented the power of Rome and promoted the message of the Emperor in charge. For the last twenty centuries, letterforms have been intrinsically linked to all other forms of art. Roman Classic Beauty is reflected in the Romanesque cathedrals, Roman sculpture and painting as well as writing. When the Gothic spirit appeared a few centuries later, this new trend influenced architecture, sculpture, fashion, painting and of course writing. Apart from trends, the other game changer in any significant cultural development is technology. From the Roman period through the Renaissance and into the Internet era, technology has shaped art and culture, changing the tools we work with. David Gates summarises this idea very well on his must-read Lettering for Reproduction: “From the beginning, our Latin alphabet has been defined by alternating thick and thin strokes. This is the natural result of the western writing tool: the flat brush or broad pen made of reed or quill. This tool produces, with a minimum of strokes, letters that have good legibility and a pleasant distribution of thick-and-thin forms. By altering letter proportions and pen positions, the scribes were capable of producing a great variety of styles, each of which contributed to the evolutional development of the alphabet. It is important to recognize that during fifteen centuries of development (from the Roman period to the Renaissance) every style of writing was a reflection of the concurrent cultural atmosphere and technology, and also, that the least successful of styles often provided unique ideas for later significant developments.” As Oriol Miró explains below: “Roman Capitals, and all letters in general, are not isolated forms. When they form words inside a text and when their counter forms (white spaces) are defined, then letters take their full value and function. We can appreciate why letters have a specific shape (black), and not any other, when white spaces are defined. Like architects define physical spaces and musicians distribute silences, we set white spaces.” In Calligraphy, thick and thin strokes flow naturally from a broad-edged pen. We define white spaces while writing letters, and we must see these spaces before executing the black strokes. These few basic concepts, thick/thin and black/white, are the foundations of our script and with experience, they become intuitive.
Let's talk about tools The broad pen (made of reed or quill) is the traditional tool used for writing, but it is not the only one. I use a range of different tools, from traditional German nibs to contemporary pens that I carry in my handbag, to customised nibs made of beer tins. These are some of my tools: These tools reflect my personal taste and are not a definitive list. You can use any of these tools to write styles of calligraphy including but not limited to skeleton Roman Capitals, Carolingian, Gothic and Italic styles among others. As I mentioned before, changing tools affects the look and feel of the writing style, and also its speed.
I woke up today feeling like Copperplate “In the late 16th century, the Italic hand, written with a broad-edged pen, drifted towards a more decorative and fancy style. The script that was born to achieve speed [Italic] turned into a slower script, because calligraphers gave more importance to the aesthetics and decorative effects than to the structure and legibility. To reach even more decorative effects they used a drawing pointed pen instead of the broad-edged one. The script that appeared then is what we call Copperplate.” by Oriol Miró. Copperplate is characterised by high contrast between the thick-and thin strokes, elegant curves and slow writing. If you woke up today feeling like Copperplate, you can use a range of tools from traditional English pointed nibs to contemporary brushes. Another tool that I love using is the ruling pen. This tool, contrary to the traditional pointed nib, is much faster and brings a greater expression to your letterforms. In general terms, the faster the writing the higher control you will need. Calligraphy has a long and rich history and we are experiencing a revival of this beautiful art form in the hands of young people pushing boundaries and taking calligraphy back to the streets again two thousand years later. One great example of the calligraphy come back is the so-called calligraffiti, and the work of one of his ambassadors, Pokras Lampas. I will leave you with this paragraph from my teacher and great calligrapher Oriol Miró: “Calligraphy is not only writing beautiful letters. It is not about clean strokes and decorated letters. Calligraphy distinguishes itself and becomes an art because is made of rhythmic and irregular strokes, a sequence of lively spaces and unconscious strokes that are the result of hundreds of hours of practice and full attention.”
PHILADELPHIA -- Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver DeSean Jackson is wearing a new helmet, made by Schutt, that is designed to prevent concussions.
Jackson suffered his second concussion in as many seasons when he took a vicious hit from Atlanta Falcons cornerback Dunta Robinson on Oct. 17. Robinson was fined $50,000 for delivering the blow, and Jackson missed the Eagles' loss at Tennessee on Oct. 24.
Jackson remains optimistic about returning Sunday against Indianapolis, and has been a full participant in practice the last two days. But a final determination about his status has not yet been made.
Jackson said after Thursday's practice that he has worn helmets made by Schutt since he was "a little kid."
"Never had a problem," he said.
But he was recently given a newer model helmet, which according to the Schutt website has additional cushioning that will help protect players from injury.
Asked how it feels, he said, "I don't know, man. I haven't played a game yet. It feels better, a little bit."
The NFL has a contract with Riddell, but players are permitted to wear helmets made by other companies if they obscure the logo.
John Minchillo/AP Chelsea Clinton said the GOP's openly anti-LGBT platform "is the clarion call for all of us to do everything we can to elect my mom, and elect Democrats up and down the ticket."
PHILADELPHIA ― Chelsea Clinton didn't mince her words Wednesday when she went after Republicans for adopting their most anti-LGBT party platform in history.
During last week's GOP convention, the Republican Party approved a platform that, among other things, advocates going back to defining marriage as between one man and woman and supports adoption agencies turning away same-sex couples. But Clinton singled out another provision as the worst: language that affirms so-called “conversion therapy,” a wholly discredited practice of trying to turn gay people into straight people.
“I think what I actually found most offensive really ties into me as a mom,” she said at a lunch hosted by the Human Rights Campaign, an LGBT rights advocacy group. “The open embrace of conversion therapy in the Republican Party platform ― in other words, child abuse ― to me is the clarion call for all of us to do everything we can to elect my mom, and elect Democrats up and down the ticket.”
Not only has conversion therapy been rejected by virtually every major medical association, but it poses significant risks for gay adolescents. It can lead to depression, drug use, homelessness and suicide.
Clinton urged Democrats to vote for her mother, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, so she can “finally pass the Equality Act [federal anti-discrimination legislation], so that my mom can finally ban conversion therapy, so my mom can restore the military records of everyone that has served our country honorably.” The last item refers to reclassifying the military records of gay people who were dishonorably discharged because of their sexual orientation. That doesn't happen anymore, since President Barack Obama repealed the so-called “don't ask, don't tell” military policy in 2011.
A number of GOP delegates were angry that their platform ended up being so anti-LGBT. The Huffington Post talked to several last weeks who wished their party would focus on more pressing matters, like the economy or security. But there's a small, conservative group of people in the party's upper ranks that makes sure those provisions stay in the platform, although they are increasingly out of step with what most Americans want.
The amphibious assault ship USS Peleliu transits the San Diego Bay on Tuesday on its way to Hawaii, where it will participate in the multi-national Rim of the Pacific exercise. For the first time, China's navy will have a significant presence at the event. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Kenan O'Connor)
The U.S. Navy has dispatched numerous ships to Hawaii as it prepares for Rim of the Pacific 2014, the world's largest international maritime exercise. It will involve 49 surface ships and six submarines from 23 countries this year, but the inclusion of one — China — will get an inordinate amount of attention.
The People's Liberation Army of China will participate in the exercise for the first time, sending ships that include the missile destroyer Haikou, the missile frigate Yueyang, the oiler Qiandaohu and the hospital ship Peace Ark. The Chinese were invited to join two years ago by Adm. Samuel Locklear, the chief of U.S. Pacific Command, and will do so now as Chinese President Xi Jinping pushes an overhaul and expansion of the Chinese military.
But the engagement, which starts June 26, comes at an awkward time following a series of controversial moves by China within the last year. That could complicate an already highly unusual level of engagement between China, the United States and U.S. allies at RIMPAC, even if senior military officials in China and the United States have had discussions for years.
Earlier this month, Japanese and Chinese leaders traded barbs over how close Chinese jets flew to a Japanese aircraft over the East China Sea. Japanese officials said that two Chinese SU27 fighters had buzzed Japanese planes, flying as close as 30 meters away. Beijing rejected that, releasing video that it said showed Japanese planes deliberately flying close to the Chinese jets.
“China strongly opposes and protests Japan's act of ignoring the facts, shifting the blame onto the victim, aggressive slandering and hyping the so-called China threat,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a statement.
The close call came in an area where China unexpectedly and unilaterally established an air defense identification zone in November, a diplomatic show of aggression that rattled Japan and other countries in the region. U.S. officials expressed disapproval for the way in which it was sprung, but ultimately signaled a willingness to allow China to keep it as long as it backed off a demand that all aircraft traveling through it must check in first.
China also has been locked in a heated disagreement with Vietnam, a growing U.S. friend, over whether a Chinese oil rig should be allowed to operate near the Paracel Islands, in the South China Sea. Vietnamese officials say the rig is operating too close Vietnam, while China contends that the company is simply doing its job. Both sides have hurled accusations that there has been boat-ramming on the scene. President Obama called for China and its neighbors to find a peaceful solution to the problem on Friday.
China also has been accused repeatedly of stealing military secrets from the United States, using both computer hacking and espionage as it builds its own military.
But it appears Washington is still pinning its hopes on China's rise remaining peaceful. In a trip to several Asian countries in April, the president said flatly that the United isn't interested in containing China, while warning that it must avoid aggression against Japan and other U.S. allies.
“We're interested in China's peaceful rise and it being a responsible and powerful proponent of the rule of law,” Obama said, while adding: “In that role, it has to abide by certain norms.”
Chinese's inclusion in RIMPAC looks like an attempt to bring the Chinese to the table, but it's also giving U.S. military officials a rare window into what weapons they are developing. Locklear has raised concerns about both China's lack of transparency and attempts to stifle movement in international waterways, but said there is plenty on which the two nations can collaborate militarily.
“If you take a look at our relationship as nations, I would say there is a majority of places where we converge with China on issues, the admiral said to me in an interview with Foreign Policy this spring. “Not a vast majority, but a majority. But, there are a number of key areas where we diverge, and that divergence can potentially cause friction. And so the question is, how will that friction be managed.”
UPDATED: June 23, 4:05 p.m.: This post has been updated to clarify the United States' relationship with Vietnam. There is not a treaty alliance between the countries, but their relationship has been deepening for years and they conduct military exercises together.
After six months in business, Doug Katz made the agonizing decision to completely retool his Cleveland Heights restaurant. This week, the Katz Club Diner unveiled its new menu, which has almost nothing in common with the one diner have gotten cozy with since opening day.
"It's an incredibly hard thing to do to open a new restaurant and six months later take a good look at and change it all over again," Katz admits. "We originally did this to help with our catering business, but what we found was that the diner was overtaking the kitchen."
The miscalculation can be chalked up to a bit of hubris, notes the chef. "I thought, How hard can it be to make diner food like tuna salad, egg salad, roast turkey and roast beef from scratch using local ingredients? I think we took on way too much."
It was too much largely because it was all for an eight-table restaurant, explains Katz. There was no cross-utilization of all these time-intensive products and ingredients between the diner and Fire. And where was all that hard work getting them?
"We had customers coming and wanting a $2.99 breakfast and we had people coming in and expecting Fire — and we were underwhelming all of them because they weren't getting what we were doing with local food."
So Katz decided to pull the trigger and completely refocus the restaurant. He looked to his popular weekend brunch at Fire for inspiration and direction. "We lost focus on what we do well, like Fire brunch."
The "new" Katz Club Diner is not Fire 2, but rather an upscale diner that adheres to the "Fire mentality," while not simply importing dishes, says the chef. Most importantly, the new menu allows Katz to not reinvent the wheel for every single menu item. "There are a lot more ways to cross-utilize products and ingredients we use at Fire without duplicating the dish so that we can make the diner successful."
The new menu features a mix of breakfast, pastries, soups, sandwiches and comfort foods — all of which are available from open to close. Apart from a handful of keepers — think eggplant Reuben, chicken ala king, Katz club — the menu is chock full of new dishes, including many vegan items. For breakfast, there's a hot cereal with ancient grains like quinoa, amaranth and millet served with almond milk. Shakshuka is an Israeli-themed dish of eggs baked in a smoky tomato sauce served with Greek yogurt and garlic toast. Shortrib chilaquiles features soft scrambled eggs, black beans and salsa verde on housemade corn tortillas. A vegan benne patty is topped with arugula, avocado, pickled chiles and whipped tofu.
"I don't think any item on this menu can be found anywhere else in Cleveland or beyond — including Fire," Katz notes.
One thing that isn't broken, asserts Katz, is the location. "There has never been a lack of interest or support from community."
To better handle all facets of both the restaurant and catering businesses, the diner is now closed on both Mondays and Tuesdays instead of just Monday.
"Though this has been one of the hardest experiences of my life, it's also been one of the best learning experiences of my life," says Katz. "We've all learned so much and we are all so much closer for it and more passionate about what we're doing. And we know that this is where we should have been all along and we got here."
Ephedra-free Lipo-6x stacker causes heart attack After the American government outlawed ephedra slimming supplements as a result of hundreds of fatalities, the supplements industry introduced ephedra-free stackers. Perhaps not as effective as the outlawed ephedrine-based stackers, these alternatives were safer. Unfortunately 'safer' doesn't mean 'completely safe'. Cardiologists at the American Walter Reed Army Medical Center have reported a case of an almost fatal heart attack, which was probably caused by the ephedra-free stacker Lipo-6x.
Lipo-6x, manufactured by Nutrex Research, contains no ephedrine, the active ingredient in the forbidden Ephedra sinica extracts. According to the label, Lipo-6x contains substances related to ephedrine such as synephrine [structure on the right], beta-phenylethylamine, n-methyl-beta-phenylethylamine, tyramine and hordenine. These substances are found in extracts of the legal Citrus aurantium and Acacia rigidula, and they imitate the effect of adrenalin. In addition, Lipo-6x contains caffeine, a stimulatory compound that makes cells more sensitive to adrenalin. It also contains yohimbine and guggulsterones. The article that the cardiologists published in the Texas Heart Institute Journal describes a 24-year-old man who collapsed at work with chest pain and breathing difficulties. The man had done a 2-hour weight and cardio training session that morning. The man was a picture of health: not overweight, no diabetes, no high blood pressure, healthy blood values, non-smoker, did not use steroids, drugs or alcohol, had no family history of heart problems. And he was in peak condition: he trained five times a week. The only risk factor the doctors could find was that the guy took Lipo-6x just before training, twice a week. His dose was 1 capsule. And he'd a capsule the morning he had a heart attack. When the doctors examined pictures of the blood vessels in the man's heart muscle, they saw that an important blood vessel was no longer working. The picture below shows a blood clot that was partially blocking the proximal left anterior descending coronary artery [*]. The distal left anterior descending coronary artery was completely blocked [#].
The doctors did microsurgery to try and clear the blood vessels. They were partially successful, as the photo below shows. The blood clot in the proximal left anterior descending coronary artery disappeared [*], but the distal left anterior descending coronary artery remained blocked [#].
The doctors put the man on aspirin, beta-blockers, statins and ACE-inhibitors. He recovered and was discharged from hospital. The researchers believe that it was the supplement that caused the man to have a heart attack. Lipo-6x doesn't contain ephedrine, but ephedra-free stackers are not without health risks. "Our case highlights the potential health hazards associated with supplements that contain sympathomimetic compounds similar to ephedra", the cardiologists conclude. "In light of these facts, as well as the empiric risk of synergism in the above-mentioned agents, we believe that performance enhancement use was the precipitant of this patient's cardiac event, and we believe that greater FDA involvement in the regulation of such supplements is warranted". Source:
Tex Heart Inst J. 2009;36(6):586-90.
More:
Dietary supplements containing sibutramine claim victims 19.04.2009
© Reuters Archive photo of migrants off the coast of Libya, May 2015
Hundreds of people are feared dead after two boats carrying up to 500 migrants capsized off the Libyan city of Zuwara, residents and officials say.
The first boat, which signalled for help early on Thursday, had nearly 50 people on board.
The second overcrowded boat, which sank much later, had about 400 passengers.
Officials said about 201 people had been rescued by the Libyan coast guard but many people appeared trapped in the hold when the boat capsized.
A detention facility for illegal migrants in Sabratha, west of Tripoli, received 147 people, an official told Reuters.
© AFP A Swedish ship brought more than 400 survivors and 50 bodies to Sicily At least 100 bodies were taken to a hospital in Zuwara, west of Tripoli, a resident told the BBC.
The victims included migrants from Syria, Bangladesh and several sub-Saharan African countries, the resident said, but the information could not be independently verified.
About 2,400 migrants have died trying to cross the Mediterranean to Europe so far this year, the UN says.
More than 100,000 others have landed in Italy, whilst another 160,000 have crossed to Greece.
On Wednesday, the bodies of at least 51 people were found in the hold of a stricken ship off Libya's coast.
They were picked up by a Swedish coastguard ship that also rescued more than 400 survivors - among at least 3,000 migrants saved that day.
The Swedish ship, Poseidon, docked in the port of Palermo, Sicily, on Thursday.
On Saturday, about 4,400 migrants were rescued from boats off the coast of Libya, in one of the biggest single-day operations mounted to date.
Many of those who attempt the journey are fleeing conflict or persecution, and set off from Libya in unseaworthy boats organised by smugglers. Libya has had two competing governments for the past year and is largely ruled by rival militias.
The Libyan coastguard has limited capacity to undertake large-scale rescue missions at sea, BBC North Africa correspondent Rana Jawad reports from Tunis.
Meanwhile, in Austria, police said they hoped to soon establish how many people died in a parked lorry near the Hungarian border. They suspected it could be as many as 50 people, almost certainly migrants.
The issue of the influx of migrants into Europe through land routes was raised at a summit in Vienna on Thursday.
Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, highlighted the need to deal with the large number of migrants heading to the EU via Western Balkan nations.
He stressed the "whole idea of the European Union without borders inside is in danger" if the bloc's external borders were not secure.
Fathom Events and GKIDS are teaming up to bring a ton of amazing Studio Ghibli experiences to the big screen throughout 2017.
Fathom Events and indie animation distributor GKIDS are partnering up for the first-ever Studio Ghibli Fest, which will see six animated classics from the company return to the big screen alongside other brand new animated offerings from the around the world. The series kicks off in June with a two-night theatrical re-release of “My Neighbor Totoro.” Each month through November will see another Studio Ghibli favorite return to the theaters, including “Kiki's Delivery Service,” “Castle In The Sky,” “Howl's Moving Castle” and more.
READ MORE: Studio Ghibli Producer Confirms Hayao Miyazaki is At Work On His First Feature Since 2013
The partnership will also bring the French animated movie “Mune: Guardian of the Moon” to U.S. theaters for the very first time, as well as GKIDS Minifest, an ongoing collection of award-winning and international animated short films. Two additional new U.S. releases are being planned for later in the year as well.
“We are extremely proud to be partnering again with GKIDS to bring these beloved animated films to the big screen, including some of Hayao Miyazaki's most iconic works,” said Fathom Events CEO John Rubey. “Fans across the nation will now have the unique opportunity to experience these brilliant films as they were meant to be seen, on the big screen with full cinema sound, and together with their friends and families.”
Tickets for these titles can be purchased online beginning Friday, April 28 at the Fathom Events website or at participating theater box offices. A complete list of theater locations will be available April 28.
2017 is shaping up to be the best year ever for Studio Ghibli fans. In addition to the festival, company co-founder Hayao Miyazaki at work on his first feature since “The Wind Rises.” His first CGI short film, “Boro the Caterpillar,” is expected to premiere at the Studio Ghibli museum in Japan this summer.
Dates for the Studio Ghibli re-releases can be found below:
“My Neighbor Totoro” (1988) – Sunday, June 25 and Monday, June 26
“Kiki's Delivery Service” (1989) – Sunday, July 23 and Monday, July 24
“Castle In The Sky” (1986) – Sunday, August 27 and Monday, August 28
“Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind” (1984) – Sunday, September 24 and Monday, September 25
“Spirited Away” (2001) – Sunday, October 29 and Monday, October 30
“Howl's Moving Castle” (2004) – Sunday, November 26 and Monday, November 27
Stay on top of the latest TV news! Sign up for our TV email newsletter here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Why is it that all the interesting car companies are the ones that always die?
10.) Oldsmobile
If there's some space for them on the market, GM should find it again. Pcleez
The Oldest surviving American brand at its death: Oldsmobile. They built some badass cars back in the day. Stylish and technologically advanced (first automatic tranny!), yet affordable alternative to Chevy. That is, until GM turned them into terrible, boring, Chevy clones. And then murdered them.
Suggested By: Pcleez , Photo Credit: That Hartford Guy
9.) Alpine
Advertisement
While we realize Matra was way too crazy for this world, France deservers its own 911 fighter. Renaultsport knows how to make fast hatchbacks, but it's time for some rear-wheel drive action. With a manual.
Suggested By: gijsv, Photo Credit: Alexandre Prévot
8.) Saturn
Advertisement
Affordable compacts and fantastic customer service. Plastic fantastic. My X-type is too a real Jaguar:
Saturn, before GM ruined it and killed it. They made good, affordable, small cars with interesting features, but the kicker was the dealer experience. It was better than BMW, Mercedes or any other high-end dealer and a hell of a lot better than Toyota or Honda. Also they did not package their options, You want manual Window, Manual Locks and a power sunroof? Yes you can have that. You want a stripped out car with only AC and Cruise Control? Yes you can have that. They would build you the exact car you wanted. And when it showed up it had a nice note in the glove box. It was the most customer friendly car buying and owning experience I have ever experienced.
Advertisement
Suggested By: My X-type is too a real Jaguar, Photo Credit: ljguitar
7.) Studebaker
Advertisement
To be honest, I just want an Avanti. With a four-speed stick. Ehisforadam:
I have a huge soft spot for Studebaker since I was born in South Bend and they had some truly wild and unique cars and ideas.
Suggested By: biglick2014, Photo Credit: RiverRatt3
6.) DeTomaso
Advertisement
Putting an LS or a Ford Modular into a modern Italian chassis would rock the world so hard...
Suggested By: DennyCraneDennyCraneDennyCrane, Photo Credit: Jack Snell - USA
5.) AMC
Advertisement
Having only the Big Three is getting boring. JEM:
Oh hell yes. America needs a good value brand with kitsch. Hell, that's got hipster sales success written all over it.
Advertisement
Suggested By: MrTheEngineer, Photo Credit: Hugo90
4.) Duesenberg
Advertisement
There's a lot of new money out there, but Cord or Packard won't do it. America needs a new Duesenberg against the German Bentleys and Rolls-Royces.
An über Cadillac in the name of American ultra-lux?
Suggested By: macanamera, Photo Credit: Getty Images
3.) Triumph
Advertisement
The marque is currently owned by BMW. Go figure! BiTurbo228 - Garagista has a few ideas:
Here's how the lineup would go: -3-series fighting compact sports saloon (Dolomite successor) -5-series fighting executive saloon (2000 successor) -MX-5/Miata fighting small sports car (Spitfire successor) -Z4 fighting sports car (TR successor) -SL fighting GT (Stag successor) Actually, if I was really going to try and resurrect Triumph I'd go down an entirely different route. I'd start by making a tube-framed kit-car small sports car. Like a Caterham 7, but with sex appeal. Perhaps powered by the Triumph triple motorbike engine, or maybe a development of the old, manic K-series. Failing that, any suitably nutty I4 would work. Make it light, easy to work and a bit of a mentalist to drive. Target market: Caterham and Morgan 3-wheeler buyers, and Triumph loyalists excited about the return of the marque. If that pans out well, make a new TR. Same format, but bigger. I6 powered. Target market: slightly richer Triumph loyalists, people who would buy a TVR if they actually sold cars If that pans out well too, approach Jaguar and see if they'd be interested in taking on Triumph as a sub-brand. If they're interested, start development on a RWD hatch (and hot hatch variant) to compete with the BMW 1-series. Beyond that, a FWD supermini/city car would be good :)
Suggested By: BiTurbo228 - Garagista, Photo Credit: exfordy
2.) Pontiac
Advertisement
Can you imagine Burt Reynolds or David Hasselhoff in a Buick? Exactly.
Suggested By: RazoE, Photo Credit: exfordy
1.) Saab
Advertisement
What you see in the picture is the last Saab 9-5 Sedan ever built.
NEVER FORGET!
Suggested By: SlabSheetrock, Photo Credit: SonnergardWelcome back to Answers of the Day - our daily Jalopnik feature where we take the best ten responses from the previous day's Question of the Day and shine it up to show off. It's by you and for you, the Jalopnik readers. Enjoy!
Advertisement
Izvor: N1
Štrajkači prve i druge smene u fabrici Fijat Krajsler automobili Srbija odlučili su velikom većinom glasova da nastave protest, a za sutra je najavljena protestna šetnja od fabrike do zgrade gradske uprave u Kragujevcu.
Predsednik štrajkačkog odbora Zoran Marković rekao je na konferenciji za novinare da će u utorak na protest izaći druga smena dok će zaposleni u prvoj ostati na radnim mestima, dok će u sredu, 19. jula biti održan veliki skup štrajkača uz poziv radnicima kooperantskih i svih drugih firmi i građanima da im se pridruže.
Marković je rekao da prethodnih dana nije bilo ni pregovora ni sastanaka štrajkačkog odbora sa poslodavcem i da se, kako se izrazio, jedino oglašavao ministar privrede Goran Knežević.
"Izgleda da pregovara samo manjinski sa većinskim akcionarom, bez štrajkačkog odbora", rekao je Marković i precizirao da će se štrajkači sutra okupiti u 10.00 ispred fabrike i da će u 10.30 krenuti ka Skupštini grada Kragujevca, dok će u sredu u 11.00 biti održan protest na trgu kod gradske skupštine.
On je dodao da je iz centrale Saveza samostalnih sindikata Srbije dobio informaciju da je premijerka Ana Brnabić prenela predsedniku SSSS Ljubisavu Orboviću poruku kompanije Fijat da će sutra bord direktora raspravljati o daljoj sudbini fabrike u Kragujevcu, uz najavu da će doći do drastičnog smanjenja proizvodnje i otpuštanja oko 320 radnika.
Marković je rekao da je ta poruka preneta štrajkačima u obe smene i da je posle toga doneta odluka o nastavku štrajka.
Predsednik i premijerka apeluju na radnike Fijata
00:00 Izvor: Tanjug
Molba radnicima Kragujevca da prekinu štrajk stiže i iz Vašingtona od predsednika Aleksandra Vučića.
“Ja eto molim sve da prosto imaju razumevanja i da dobro razumeju značaj posledica koje sve ovo može da ima. Ne samo po Fijat, ne samo po radnike Fijata, već i po Kragujevac i po celu zemlju. Jer danas kada govorimo o lojalnosti radnika kompanijama ovde (u SAD), što je veoma važan faktor za privlačenje investitora, onda kažu: 'A Kragujevac?'”, rekao je Vučić.
I premijerka Ana Brnabić još jednom ih je pozvala da umesto da štrajkuju, pregovaraju.
Ona kaže da Vlada Srbije stoji iza radničkih zahteva ali da ne može da garantuje procenat povećanja plate.
Nije joj jasno zašto se na poziv da prekinu štrajk i počnu pregovore radnici ne odazivaju.
Knežević: Radnici o platama da pregovaraju sa Fijatom
Izvor: Tanjug / Sava Radovanović
Poruka radnicima Fijata da što pre sednu za pregovarački sto stiže i od ministra privrede Gorana Kneževića koji tvrdi da ima garancije da će deo zahteva radnika biti ispunjen, a da o onom najvažnijem - povećanju plata, moraju da pregovaraju direktno sa poslodavcima.
“Ne možemo mi ništa da nudimo. Mi želimo samo da prezentujemo dobre usluge i da ih dovedemo za sto. Imamo već garancije da jedan deo njihovih zahteva može veoma lako da se usvoji. Oko onog materijalnog dela moraju da sednu sa rukovodstvom Fijata i da razgovaraju. Vreme nam jako curi, imamo velike štete”, poručio je Knežević.
Apel radnicima da prekinu štrajk stiže i od ministra rada Zorana Đorđevića. “Treba da pokažu ljubav prema Srbiji i odgovornosti prema građanima koji zavise od njihovog rada. Da prekinu štrajk”, poručio je on.
Opozicija krivi Vladu za krizu u Fijatu
Izvor: N1
Za tu štetu je kriva Vlada, a ne radnici, odmah optužuje opozcija i tako Fijat postaje tema političkih obračuna. U Demokratskoj stranci, čija Vlada je dovela Fijat u Kragujevac, optužuju nalsednike u Nemanjinoj 11, da će oni biti jedini krivci ako ono što su zvali "posao decenije" propadne.
“Iza toga postoje dubinski razlozi upravo zbog te nespremnosti da se rešavaju problemi koji su se gomilali godinama. To je pitanje plasmana, ruskog tržišta, pitanje infrastrukture, i verovatno neispunjavanja tih uslova koji su preuzeti tim ugovorom”, smatra Goran Ćirić iz DS-a.
Srđan Nogo iz Dveri smatra da ekonomska politika ne bi trebalo da se oslanja na strane investitore. “Potpuno promašena ekonomska politika koja se vodila u zadnjih 17 godina, a kulminirala je u pet godina vlasti Srpske napredne stranke - a to je investiranje u strane investitore”, rekao je on.
Đorđe Milićević iz SPS smatra da su primedbe opozicije “kritika zarad kritike”. “Da bi se došlo do nekih jeftinih političkih poena uz demagogiju i populizam. Ono što je evidentno jeste da ekonomska stabilnost i politička stabilnost Srbiju čine najprivlačnijom investicionom destinacijom u ovom delu Evrope”, poručuje on.
Ekonomisti smatraju da je politika subvencija pogrešna
Izvor: N1
Srbija ipak već 11 godina plaća stranim investitorima da bi ovde investirali. Samo u poslednje dve za te namene dala je 860 miliona evra, a da bilo kakve procene efekata nema, podseća član Fiskalnog saveta Nikola Altiparmakov.
“Srbija kao i dobar deo zemalja u regionu već duži niz godina ima tu negativnu praksu, negativnu konkurenciju da se utrkuju, ne po poslovnom ambijentu, ne po reformama, već ko će kome koliko da plati po svakom zaposlenom”, ističe on.
Od takve politike treba odustati, smatra ekonomista Peđa Mitrović i poručuje da se treba okrenuti poboljšanju privrednog ambijenta.
“Taj pristup je održiviji od ovog subvencionisanja, jer kad investitiru istekne subvenicja on neće stati na noge nego će pregoavrati o novim subvencijama”, ističe on.
Koliko je ukupno subvencija Fijat dobio - o tome se samo spekuliše jer ugovor nikada nije objavljen. Kao što se spekuliše i o tome da najveći srpski izvoznik uveliko planira da napusti Srbiju.
Ministar Knežević kaže da nema tu informaciju. “Ugovor traje do 2018. godine. Sadašnji predsednik je krenuo sa nekim razgovorima. Očekujem pozitivan ishod”, kaže on.
A u slučaju negativnog ishoda, u negativne posledice po srpsku ekonomiju niko ne sumnja.
Ottawa Fury enters their second week of training on Monday as they prepare for a friendly match vs Toronto FC II in Toronto on Friday. The match vs TFC II will be followed up with a trip to Arizona for a week, with Ottawa playing matches against Indy Eleven and Real Salt Lake Academy before returning home to face FC Montreal and Rochester Rhinos.
This will be the second year in a row that Ottawa Fury will face USL sides FC Montreal, Toronto FC II and Rochester Rhinos, however the trip to Arizona offers a bit of a change from last year. The week long road trip will offer both bonding time and quality training for the new-look Fury squad before making the trip to New York to kick off the 2016 NASL Season
“The atmosphere is pretty good” reflects Fury midfield Julian De Guzman on the first week of training. “The first day we had medicals and we were able to have lunch [together], and tomorrow evening there will be a dinner as well. Little by little we are getting our quality time together and I think going to Arizona we will spend a good chunk of time together. That's what this preseason is about and the guys have reacted pretty well to it”
While the squad continues to focus on training and building up fitness, Paul Dalglish will be watching closely as he narrows in on naming a new club captain. “I think these things naturally take care of themselves, we have some natural leaders in the team” said the Fury gaffer. “Julian De Guzman is captain of the national team, so he is an obvious candidate, Rafael Alves and [Romuald] Peiser. They're all natural candidates, and we'll make that decision sooner rather than later”
Julian De Guzman is likely the front runner to earn the captains armband, as the Canadian midfielder offers a lot of leadership and experience, however Romuald Peiser has shown a great deal of leadership in his two and a half years in Ottawa. Rafael Alves is a rock in the defence and was named to the NASL XI last year, however language barriers may hinder the Brazilian's chances of earning the armband.
Although there has been a lot of turnover this off-season, Dalglish has brought in some young, athletic players to add to the experience already in the roster. Now that the exodus is over and the squad rebuilt, Fury fans have good reason to be excited for the upcoming season. Ottawa Fury will finish up their pre-season training at the end of March, before hitting the road for the first four games of the NASL season. Stay tuned to Midfield Press for more news and opinions on Ottawa Fury FC through the preseason.
With Christian Ramirez still flying high at the front of the Minnesota United attack, the team has signed an impressive insurance policy, bringing in El Salvador international Rafael Burgos on loan for the remainder of the NASL season. Burgos, who was with Austrian side SV Reid, was loaned to Hungarian champions Gyor in 2013. The 26-year-old has made 31 appearances for El Salvador's national team, scoring ten times, and while El Salvador is a second-tier CONCACAF team, it's still a good pedigree for a second-division striker.
Perhaps more importantly, the signing is an indication that United is no longer counting on striker Pablo Campos to return in 2014. When Campos tore his ACL and MCL in preseason training, the team said he would return for the fall season - an impressive timetable, to say the least. Vikings running back Adrian Peterson took nine months to return from the same injury, and while Germany international Sami Khedira made his return from the dual ligament tear even more quickly - going from his injury last November to starring in the World Cup this summer - it always seemed unlikely that Campos could do the same.
The NASL season stretches into November this year, so it's always possible that Campos - with three more months ahead of him - could still come back. But with Burgos now in the fold, it would appear that Minnesota no longer expects that return anytime soon.
While Burgos should be a good weapon, it also seems unlikely that the Loons would break up the partnership between Ramirez and Miguel Ibarra, one that's produced three goals in three games this fall. It's more likely that United simply wanted another goal scorer on the roster that has a little more experience than Nate Polak, should the team need a second striker late in a game, or to spell Ramirez.
Burgos will arrive in the Twin Cities tomorrow, meaning that he's unlikely to be available as soon as Saturday's game at TCF Bank Stadium. The rest of the team is healthy, however, as United looks to continue a seven-match unbeaten streak.
MINISTRY of Defence officials are in line for 20% bonus payments at the same time as the Government enforces its 1% pay cap for other public sector workers.
Senior MoD staff who already earn over £100,000 could end up pocketing sizeable top-ups as a reward for their performance.
The UK Government last week narrowly avoided defeat after Labour MPs attempted to lift the 1% pay cap on public sector workers such as nurses, teachers, police officers and fire-fighters.
Long-running wage restraint has been a key plank of the UK Government's drive to cut the deficit, and a narrow majority of MPs upheld the unpopular policy.
However, the Defence Equipment and Support (DE&S), a trading entity and organisation within the UK Ministry of Defence, has been criticised over plans that could allow some of its highest earners to get generous income boosts.
DE&S, which employs around 12,000 civil servants and military personnel, is the “bespoke trading entity” that purchases all the equipment and services required by the armed forces.
According to the MOD website, the top priority of DE&S is supporting the armed services and “delivering better value for money to the taxpayer”.
Its new staffing structure is believed to have five pay bands, with administrators having the potential to earn between £15,000 and £35,000, while senior professionals can earn up to £120,000.
The “performance awards” scheme, which is at the proposal stage, makes clear that staff in the two lowest bands can get bonuses of between 3% and 6%.
However, staff in the ‘professional 1' category can get a maximum 14% top-up, while senior professionals stand to receive a 10% hike for a “good” performance”, 15% for “very good” and 20% for exceptional.
MOD literature states that “your performance will drive your reward”, and lump sum bonuses, if the proposal is agreed, will be paid in August next year.
A spokesperson for the PCS trade union, which represents MOD staff, hit out at the plans: “DE&S believes that the proposed figures replicate how the outside pay market would operate. However, the trade unions do not accept that position and when negotiations recommence on pay shortly we will be firmly rejecting that proposal.
“Our union will be seeking to get the funding currently allocated to bonuses to be reallocated to basic pay and, if that is not achievable for any bonus payments to be fairly allocated to all staff.”
Labour MP Lesley Laird, who is the Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland, said: “It cannot be the right priority to be giving out bonuses to staff while our nurses and firefighters haven't seen a real-terms pay rise for seven years.
“Labour's amendment would have lifted the pay cap for all public sector workers, as part of our plan for a government that would work for the many, not the few. ”
SNP MP Carol Monaghan said: ''Service personnel welfare has to be a major priority for any government and the Tories have a shocking record - from poor MoD housing to slashing overall number and base closures. This unfair discrepancy would be the perfect opportunity for them to look at an overhaul and get some fairness into these payments.''
An MOD spokesperson said: "Performance awards help us recruit and retain the best possible staff needed to deliver our world class equipment plan to our Armed Forces.”
Electoral college meetings kick off at 10 a.m. Eastern Time in Indiana, with the other 49 states and the District of Columbia following throughout the day.
Despite a furious push from liberals calling for the Electoral College to block Trump, electors are expected to follow the will of their states.
The long-shot hope of the so-called “Hamilton Electors” leading the push to dump Trump is that 37 Republican electors across the country buck Trump and deprive him of the 270 electoral vote majority.
But only one Republican — Texas's Christopher Suprun — has publicly agreed to cast his vote for an alternative candidate. The rest of the would-be “faithless electors” are Democrats, and only publicly number as a small handful.
Suprun and the rest of the Texas electors will vote at 3 p.m. at the statehouse in Austin.
Colorado and Washington, two Democratic states home to five vocal “Hamilton Electors,” will vote at 2 p.m. and 3 p.m. Eastern Time respectively, according to 270toWin.com.
California, home to another Democratic "faithless elector," will vote at 5 p.m. Eastern Time.
Those rogue electors have pledged to vote for an alternative candidate who they view as a compromise. Ohio Gov. John Kasich has been floated as their choice, but the former Republican presidential candidate has disavowed the push.
270toWin has a full breakdown of the times that each state's electors will vote.
This story was updated at 9:45 a.m.
Baby Guard Pool Fence Company
Swimming Pool Safety Fencing
Baby Guard Pool Fence Company is one of the largest and most trusted manufacturers of pool safety fencing in the United States. We have been leading the industry since its inception in 1995. Baby Guard believes it has the safest, most affordable pool fences available today. Our fences can be customized to fit any size pool. Baby Guard fences are available in either 4 or 5 foot heights and can be installed on nearly all deck surfaces including brick pavers, wood, tile, grass or dirt, seawalls, acrylic and more. At Baby Guard, we don't just make great child fences, we also help protect pets and the elderly from falling into the pool.
Baby Guard Pool Fence Company recommends a self-closing gate that will swing shut and is key-lockable. Baby Guard pool fences are available in a variety of colors and styles to match your outdoor color scheme. All Baby Guard pool fences are 100% rust-proof and come with a limited manufacturer's warranty.
Call Now!
Baby Guard's pool fence materials have been tested multiple times by a nationally recognized engineering firm and has been proven to meet or exceed all of the requirements of ASTM F 2286-05, the design and performance specification for removable mesh fencing for swimming pools. Baby Guard's pool fences meet or exceed National Safety Council Guidelines. The National Safety Council recommends that all pool fences should be 4'-5' tall. Baby Guard has owned several patents for its original self-closing gates.
Swimming pool safety fences and accessories are mandatory in many cities, states, and communities. We, at Baby Guard, believe our swimming pool fences and self-closing gates are the most innovative and reliable pool safety products available today. Baby Guard pool fences comply within most local fencing regulations. Even though most laws are put in place to help prevent needless pool accidents, no fencing could ever guarantee your childs safety. Never leave a child unsupervised with or without a pool safety barrier.
"God bless Puerto Rico and the hearts because you guys are struggling" - William Vonfabrice, 61, from the Virgin Islands
* Irma survivors bring tales of lawlessness
* 'What big hearts you guys got' (Adds details from Puerto Rico, and British and U.S. Virgin Islands)
By Alvin Baez
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico, Sept 13 (Reuters) - Saddled with economic problems and its own damage from Hurricane Irma, Puerto Rico is taking thousands of refugees from the U.S. Virgin Islands whose homes were destroyed by the storm, with a cruise ship carrying up to 2,000 more due to set sail for the U.S. territory on Wednesday.
Visibly shaken residents from St. Martin and the Virgin Islands arrived on Tuesday on U.S. military aircraft, bringing tales of terrifying winds and a breakdown of law and order.
"The people of Puerto Rico - what big hearts you guys got because our (local) government did nothing - nothing," said William Vonfabrice, 61, from St. John in the U.S. Virgin Islands. "People coming at us with machetes, offering bullets and saying 'There is more for you,' breaking into houses, hurting people."
Royal Caribbean's Majesty of the Seas cruise ship was expected to depart the badly damaged St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, on Wednesday evening bound for San Juan, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands commissioner of tourism Beverly Nicholson-Doty said.
Irma skirted Puerto Rico last week, knocking out power to 70 percent of the island, damaging buildings and killing at least three people, but the destruction was not nearly as bad as elsewhere in the Caribbean.
The storm's 185 mph (297 km/h) winds hammered a string of tiny Caribbean islands that are territories of Britain, France, the Netherlands and the United States. Homes, hotels, hospitals, marinas and airports were badly damaged and the extent of the chaos seemed to catch the wealthy nations off guard.
Britain's government said local authorities had imposed a curfew on the British Virgin islands, where locals complained of widespread looting and violent crime after Irma.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson visited the islands on Wednesday, calling them a "scene of utter devastation" on Twitter as his government announced £25 billion ($33 billion) in extra aid for its territories.
The nations all have launched military relief operations but locals and tourists have criticized the response for being too slow and not reaching everybody evenly.
Visiting the French Caribbean on Monday, French President Emmanuel Macron promised to quickly rebuild St. Martin, a French territory shared with the Netherlands. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson met with security officials in Anguilla.
Dutch King Willem-Alexander said the destruction he saw in St. Martin was on a scale he "had never seen before."
'THE END OF SINT MAARTEN'
Charles Morrison, 89, an evacuee from the Dutch part of the island, Sint Maarten, said one person was killed when the hotel he was staying in was flooded and partially destroyed. Morrison then took shelter in a friend's more secure place.
"The fact is, that's the end of Sint Maarten," he said as he was pushed through San Juan's Luis Munoz Marin International Airport in a wheelchair.
Puerto Rico has $70 billion in debt, a poverty rate above 46 percent, and near-insolvent pension and health systems, a fact not lost on the arrivals.
"God bless Puerto Rico and the hearts because you guys are struggling. And from the hardest struggle, that's where the real people come out," Vonfabrice said, thanking Puerto Rico for sending food, water and ships to the Virgin Islands.
A Puerto Rico government spokeswoman said the financial situation and expected length of stay of the 2,000 refugees due to arrive in San Juan was still unclear, but that expenses would be covered by emergency federal funding.
Puerto Rico has set up a large convention center to house refugees who cannot afford to go to a hotel.
Other countries in the region also helped. St. Lucia has agreed to house prisoners from the Turks and Caicos Islands and the British Virgin Islands, after the storm damaged the prisons in those British territories.
The Cayman Islands has sent police to help reinforce security in the British Virgin Islands after more than 100 prisoners escaped when the storm breached the prison.
Mexico's foreign minister Luis Videgaray instructed his diplomats in the Caribbean to offer unspecified help to Puerto Rico and Cuba even as it seeks to cope with the fallout from a massive earthquake.
St. Thomas resident Laci Rivers, 33, was waiting on board the Royal Caribbean's Majesty of the Seas, eager to bring her two small children to safety after days of uncertainty.
"Everyone is stressed and hungry and confused," she said.
Rivers said her car was broken into with a hammer, items were stolen from the flattened sushi restaurant where she worked, and she saw fights break out in St. Thomas among increasingly desperate people jostling for food and water.
She was under no illusions about what would happen to her home in western St. Thomas. "We've already realized it's going to be looted while we're gone," she said.
($1 = 0.7571 pounds)
(Additional reporting by Daina Beth Solomon in Mexico City, Sarah Peter in Castries, St. Lucia, and Tracy Rucinski in Chicago; Writing by Frank Jack Daniel; Editing by Bill Trott and Phil Berlowitz)
The nations all have launched military relief operations but locals and tourists have criticized the response for being too slow and not reaching everybody evenly.
Visiting the French Caribbean on Monday, French President Emmanuel Macron promised to quickly rebuild St. Martin, a French territory shared with the Netherlands. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson met with security officials in Anguilla.
Dutch King Willem-Alexander said the destruction he saw in St. Martin was on a scale he "had never seen before."
'THE END OF SINT MAARTEN'
Charles Morrison, 89, an evacuee from the Dutch part of the island, Sint Maarten, said one person was killed when the hotel he was staying in was flooded and partially destroyed. Morrison then took shelter in friend's more secure place.
"The fact is, that's the end of Sint Maarten," he said as was pushed through San Juan's Luis Munoz Marin International Airport in a wheelchair.
Puerto Rico has $70 billion in debt, a poverty rate above 46 percent, and near-insolvent pension and health systems, a fact not lost on the arrivals.
"God bless Puerto Rico and the hearts because you guys are struggling. And from the hardest struggle, that's where the real people come out," Vonfabrice said, thanking Puerto Rico for sending food water and ships to the Virgin Islands.
Other countries in the region also helped. St. Lucia has agreed to house prisoners from Turks and Caicos and the British Virgin Islands, after the storm damaged the prisons in those British territories.
The Cayman Islands has sent police to help reinforce security in the British Virgin Islands after more than 100 prisoners escaped when the storm breached the prison.
Mexico's foreign minister instructed his diplomats in the Caribbean to offer unspecified help to Puerto Rico and Cuba.
Mexico is itself reeling from an earthquake and a hurricane and this week canceled an offer of aid to the United States after Hurricane Harvey hit Texas.
(Additional reporting by Sarah Peter in Castries, St. Lucia, and Tracy Rusinski in Chicago; Writing by Frank Jack Daniel; Editing by Bill Trott)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Former NSA, CIA Director Claims Only ISIS Likes USA Freedom Act, Even As James Clapper Supports It
from the ridiculousness dept
In that threat environment, one would think that the last thing on the “to do” list of the 113th Congress would be to add to the grim news. Yet Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has announced that he will bring to the floor the extravagantly misnamed USA Freedom Act, a major new bill exquisitely crafted to hobble the gathering of electronic intelligence.
For starters, the bill ends the National Security Agency's bulk collection of what is called telephone metadata. This includes the date, time, duration and telephone numbers for all calls, but not their content or the identity of the caller or called, and is information already held by telephone companies. The bill would substitute a cumbersome and untried process that would require the NSA, when it seeks to check on which telephone numbers have called or been called by a number reasonably associated with terrorist activity, to obtain a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, or FISA court, and then scurry to each of the nation's telephone-service providers to comb through the information that remains in their hands rather than in the NSA's.
Nothing in the bill requires the telephone companies to preserve the metadata for any prescribed period. Current Federal Communications Commission regulations impose an 18-month retention requirement, but administrative regulations are subject to change. It isn't hard to envision companies that wish to offer subscribers the attraction of rapid destruction of these records, or a complaisant bureaucracy that lets them do it.
The bill's imposition of the warrant requirement on the NSA would be more burdensome than what any assistant U.S. attorney must do to get metadata in a routine criminal case, which is simply to aver that the information is needed in connection with a criminal investigation—period.
As the cloture vote is set to happen tonight on the Senate version of the USA Freedom Act, the hysterics are getting... well, more hysterical. Michael Hayden (former NSA and CIA director) and Michael Mukasey (former Attorney General) have an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal dubbing the bill "NSA Reform That Only ISIS Could Love," which is kind of hilarious given that current Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper (who usually sings in perfect harmony with Hayden) has come out in support of the bill. While the bill has some problems, itstill a step forward (and yes, I'm aware that not everyone agrees with that). But Hayden/Mukasey make a bunch of statements that are just not at all accurate. It starts off with the usual FUD about ISIS and then questions why Reid would present this bill given that:Except that's not true. The bill is not designed to "hobble" electronic intelligence, but to respect at least some of our 4th Amendment rights, and to barcollection of the information without limits. Then there's this:First off, they're simply wrong. It doesn't require a, but a FISA court order under Section 215. It just limits how broad those orders can be. The reason it's not a warrant is you can't get such a broad warrant. Second, the "cumbersome and untried process" is neither cumbersome nor untried. It's how lots of investigations work today. When law enforcement needs info, it goes to court, gets a court order, and voila. And does anyone actually believe, in this digital age, that there's any actual "scurrying"? Hell, to make this process easier for the DEA in the past, AT&T was willing to embed employees with the DEA to give them faster access to the database. If anything, these are reasons why the bill. The idea that it somehow takes away US intelligence capabilities is ludicrous. Furthermore, it's already been noted that ISIS knows how to evade such surveillance: by not using electronic communications. So this has nothing to do with ISIS at all. At all.So we shouldn't pass this bill because at some future date the FCCallow companies not to keep these records? Really?Again, misleading in the extreme. When the DOJ is seeking metadata in a criminal case, it's seekingconcerning the crime being investigated. This is about stopping. Notice that Hayden and Mukasey never bother to explain this distinction. Because they're being incredibly dishonest.There's much more in there, but nearly all of it is dishonest. It claims that "there is no immediate or emergency need" for the bill, totally leaving out the systematic violation of Americans' 4th Amendment rightsan independent review board finding the program illegal and unconstitutionala President who asked Congress to end the program. Yet, Hayden and Mukasey insist this program -- which has yet to show a single successful example of being used to prevent terrorism -- has to remain in place? Really?And, of course, Hayden and Mukasey have friends. Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell similarly called out the specter of ISIS , despite the fact it's widely acknowledged that ISIS already knows how to avoid our surveillance efforts (and is focused on the middle east, while the USA Freedom Act is just about domestic phone records inside the US).The USA Freedom Act has its problems, but it also has some important and useful aspects. The claim that it will somehow help ISIS by preventing such bulk data collection is simply ridiculous and untrue.
Filed Under: bulk collection, fud, isis, james clapper, michael hayden, michael mukasey, patrick leahy, surveillance, usa freedom act
Many in the UK are reeling after days of images of brazen thefts and wanton damage during the riots, but just where is the tipping point when people think they can start looting?
There have been some extraordinary scenes in London and other cities this week, from burning buildings and running street battles, to people unashamedly walking into a shop and leaving with a flat-screen television under their arms.
Many of the looters have not bothered to cover their faces as they raided electrical stores, sports shops and off-licences.
Some have even posed for a picture afterwards, proudly showing off their haul and posting the images on social-networking sites.
Prof John Pitts, a criminologist who advises several London local authorities on young people and gangs, says some of those taking the lead in the looting will be known to the authorities, while others are swept along.
Image caption Rioters have set fire to cars and buses
He says looting makes "powerless people suddenly feel powerful" and that is "very intoxicating".
"The world has been turned upside down. The youngsters are used to adults in authority telling them they cannot do this or this will happen. Then they do it and nothing happens."
He says a large number of youngsters are involved in these riots because it is the school holidays and the nights are longer.
Numbers are all important in a riot and the tipping point comes when the rioters feel in control, he adds.
"You cannot riot on your own. A one-man riot is a tantrum. At some point the bigger crowds confronting the police realise that they are in control."
Psychopathic tendencies
Psychologists argue that a person loses their moral identity in a large group, and empathy and guilt - the qualities that stop us behaving like criminals - are corroded.
A social psychologist's view For most people looting is opportunistic. And greed is certainly a factor. But some people approach this situation not necessarily with bad intentions. They are swept away by the crowd, for a variety of reasons highlighted by social psychologists. One concept is called deindividuation. Normally people's behaviour is guided by their own identity and values, which tell us to not do certain things - like taking things without paying for them. But in some situations they take on the values of the group. Our own internal values and norms become less salient. The second idea is called emergent norm theory. Most of these people have probably not been in a riot like this one before. They are unsure of what the appropriate behaviour is. So they look at what other people are doing. And if other people are doing this, it suggests it's normal. Or at least maybe it is something that I can get away with. Source: Jason Nier, associate professor of psychology, Connecticut College, speaking to BBC World Service
"Morality is inversely proportional to the number of observers. When you have a large group that's relatively anonymous, you can essentially do anything you like," according to Dr James Thompson, honorary senior lecturer in psychology at University College London.
"Part of that is down to safety in numbers. There may only be 20 or 30 people who are leading the trouble but the presence of several hundred onlookers makes it far less likely they'll get caught."
He rejects the notion that some of the looters are passively going with the flow once the violence has taken place, insisting there is always a choice to be made.
Watching people getting away with it can act as a motivation for others to start looting, says psychologist Dr Lance Workman.
"Humans are the best on the planet at imitating. And we tend to imitate what is successful. If you see that people are walking out of a shop with a widescreen TV and trainers, a certain kind of person thinks why shouldn't I do that?"
Workman argues that some of those taking part may adopt an ad hoc moral code in their minds - "these rich people have things I don't have so it's only right that I take it".
But there's evidence to suggest that gang leaders tend to have psychopathic tendencies, he says.
This idea of a mob mentality can be found in football hooliganism. Former Manchester United hooligan Tony O'Neill, says there is a similarity between this week's looting and the football violence he took part in for three decades.
It boils down to the buzz, he says. "It's an excitement. You can't take away that thrill - the roar of the crowd. That sense of a group of men, something's happening."
For most, the motivation is the thrill, with the "free stuff" just a bonus. But not for the ringleaders who manipulate the mob to target high-value shops.
He recalls a rampage through Swiss Cottage in the 1980s when Manchester United fans ended up looting a jewellery store. "The mob itself wasn't looking for jewellers but a few of the bright criminals used the mob and bystanders and the mob joined in because of the buzz."
'Just thuggery'
For law-abiding citizens setting fire to a bus or stealing from a shop is simply unthinkable. But academics say socio-economic factors cannot be left out of the equation.
Dr Paul Bagguley, a sociologist at the University of Leeds, says young men are usually engaged in confrontation with the police, while looters tend to include young children and women.
"It's very likely that a lot of people stealing the stuff would not have done it before. There's a sense in these situations that the normal rules don't apply."
He says while looting occurs in most riots, it has dominated this week and they could be called the "consumer society riots".
"If you compare it to the riots in the 1980s, there's a lot more stuff you can loot easily, such as portable electronic gadgets, mobile phones and flatscreen TVs.
"For a lot of looters, it's just opportunity but it also expresses a sense of how else am I going to get a hold of these things?"
Prof Pitts says riots are complex events and cannot be explained away as "just thuggery".
They have to be seen against the backdrop of "growing discontents" about youth unemployment, education opportunities and income disparities.
He says most of the rioters are from poor estates who have no "stake in conformity", who have nothing to lose.
"They have no career to think about. They are not 'us'. They live out there on the margins, enraged, disappointed, capable of doing some awful things."
Cyberbullies could soon face tougher penalties under a new bill proposed by State Senator Jeff Klein (D-Bronx), who introduced the legislation in the wake of the suicide of Amanda Cummings, a Staten Island teen who threw herself in front of a bus after bearing the brunt of a spate of online hate. "Tragically, we're seeing modern technology used as a weapon and our laws have not kept pace with that technology,” says Klein. "This legislation will give prosecutors the tools they need to treat cyberbullying as the crime it is and also send a message that this type of reckless and potentially deadly behavior will not be tolerated."
Klein's bill, a version of which was also introduced in the Assembly by Queens Democrat Bill Scarborough, would update the crime of Third Degree Stalking to include bullying of a youth by electronic communications. It would also add electronic communications to the means of which to commit the crime of Aggravated Harassment. Lastly, it would modernize the crime of First Degree Criminal Impersonation to include electronic communications. Third Degree Stalking and Aggravated Harassment are both currently Class A misdemeanors punishable by up to a year in jail.
New York does not currently track any data about cyberbullying, and so the Independent Democratic Conference of New York state has also launched the New York Cyberbully Census. The anonymous survey is intended to help provide a comprehensive picture of the problem of cyberbullying in New York State and build support for cyberbullying legislation. "This is a new world where bullying, once confined to the school yard, now follows its victims wherever the Internet goes," says Senator Diane Savino (D-Staten Island/ Brooklyn). "Before there is another tragedy, we need to treat cyberbullying as the crime that it is."
Police are having a hard time hanging on to their guns: at both state and federal levels police officers and officials in prosecutors' and attorney generals' offices have lost nearly 13,000 firearms since 2006.
The federal Attorney General's office reported the disappearance of 1,171 arms, the Federal Police 1,054, and 102 by the Center for Investigation and National Security (Cisen).
Members of the Federal Protection Service, responsible for the security of public officials, were best at hanging on to their weapons. They lost only 15.
The rest of the 12,878 missing guns, both handguns and rifles, were lost or stolen in all 32 states, but the majority disappeared in Mexico City, the State of México, Chihuahua, Guerrero and Jalisco. The last three represent regions of the country with strong a presence of established drug cartels and splinter groups.
The largest number of lost or stolen weapons was reported in Mexico City in 2009, when 800 arms went missing from local police stations. That was also the year in which the most guns vanished nationwide, a total of 2,081.
The data was obtained by the newspaper Milenio from the National Defense Secretariat through a freedom-of-information request.
Coincidentally, the Mexican government increased its imports of firearms by more than threefold in the first half of this decade. The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (Sipri) reports that Mexico's arms imports grew by 331% between 2011 and 2015 when compared with the period 2006 to 2010.
Sipri attributed the sharp increase in imports to the war against drug cartels.
InSight Crime suggests the missing weapons were likely destined for the domestic black market and bought up by organized criminal networks. They might also have found their way into the hands of the armed vigilante groups operating in many parts of the country.
The crime research organization concluded that “the demand for guns has shot up parallel with the militarization of Mexico's so-called ‘drug war,'” adding that the increase in weapons imports “shows that the Mexican government is arming up, not dialing it down.”
Source: Milenio (sp)
So, as I mentioned in my last post (my pesto recipe), today I am sharing a less traditional way to enjoy your pesto. I love the sweet, summery flavors of watermelon and fig. But I also have a particular appreciation for the way that saltiness and sweetness can play off and enhance each other (so yes, I am a hopeless fan of salted caramel ice cream, dark chocolate covered pretzels etc)…I have tried some wonderful salads that juxtapose sweety juicy watermelon with sharp salty feta cheese for example. But how about something equally exciting and dairy free?
In addition to being a party in your mouth, this salad is also pretty to look at, and would make a wonderful starter or palate cleanser or even a light and unusual dessert! This recipe makes two small salads and is easy to scale up…and did I mention it's super duper easy?
Finally, as a side note, I can't resist sharing a few tidbits about the fascinating fig, since I actually spent some time working on a fig farm during college! The fig (Ficus carica) was one of the first plants cultivated by humans. They are one of the richest sources of fiber and calcium in the plant world. And the “fruit” of the fig is actually a container for the fig's flowers, which are found on the inside. Cool, right?
Ingredients:
2 2-inch thick ripe watermelon wedges (pictured here is a mini seedless watermelon)
8 ripe black mission figs (they have a sweet, honey-like flavor…you can also use ripe green figs if they are nice and sweet!)
About 3 Tbsp worth of fresh pesto
Slice the watermelon wedges free from their peels and then slice the wedges perpendicular to their peels to make 1/2 inch thick triangular wedges. Slice the figs in half.
Arrange the watermelon wedges on a pretty plate, with fig slices in between. Now, use a teaspoon to place a small dollop of pesto on top of each watermelon slice. Serve cold.
Advertisements
FOX News exec John Moody on 9-11 Commission: "Do not turn this into Watergate" Moody on George W. Bush: "His political courage and tactical cunning ar[e] [wo]rth noting in our reporting through the day" Moody on Sen. John Kerry: "starting to feel the heat for his flip-flop voting record"
Documentary filmmaker Robert Greenwald's new film Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism, which interviews former FOX employees to provide "an in-depth look at Fox News [Channel] and the dangers of ever-enlarging corporations taking control of the public's right to know," premiered at the New School University in New York on July 13. The FOX News Channel markets itself as "fair and balanced," promising that "We report. You decide."
As The Washington Post reported on July 11, Greenwald's film features "a handful of memos from a top FOX executive that appear to suggest tilting the news." Media Matters for America has analyzed 33 such internal FOX memos, issued by FOX News Senior Vice President, News Editorial John Moody and Los Angeles Bureau Chief Ken LaCoste between May 9 and June 3, 2003 and March 12 and May 5, 2004.
In the memos, some of which appear in Outfoxed, Moody instructs employees on the approach to take on particular stories. His instructions reflect a clear interest in furthering a conservative agenda and in supporting the Bush administration. The Post quoted Larry Johnson, identified by the paper as "a former part-time Fox commentator who appears in the film," describing the Moody memos as "talking points instructing us what the themes are supposed to be, and God help you if you stray." On July 13, Salon.com reviewed the film, and provided "some of the most notable excerpts" from the memos, referred to as "marching orders" by Jon DuPre, whom Salon identifies as "formerly of Fox News."
In an interview with the Post, Moody rejected "the implication that I'm controlling the news coverage" and said, "People are free to call me or message me and say, 'I think you're off base.' Sometimes I take the advice, sometimes I don't."
The following is a sample of reporting instructions issued by Moody to the FOX News staff.
Moody on the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal:
[T]he pictures from Abu Graeb [sic] prison are disturbing. They have rightly provoked outrage. Today we have a picture -- aired on Al Arabiya -- of an American hostage being held with a scarf over his eyes, clearly against his will. Who's outraged on his behalf? It is important that we keep the Abu Graeb [sic] situation in perspective (5/5/04).
Moody on the war in Iraq:
As is often the case, the real news is [sic] Iraq is being obscured by temporary tragedy. The creation of a defense ministry, which will be run by Iraqis, is a major step forward in the country's redevelopment. Let's look at that, as well as the deaths of a US soldier in a roadside bombing (3/25/04). Into Fallujah: It's called Operation Vigilant Resolve and it began Monday morning (NY time) with the US and Iraqi military surrounding Fallujah. We will cover this hour by hour today, explaining repeatedly why it is happening. It won't be long before some people start to decry the use of "excessive force". We won't be among that group (4/4/04). The events in Iraq Tuesday are going to be the top story, unless and until something else (or worse) happens. Err on the side of doing too much Iraq rather than not enough. Do not fall into the easy trap of mourning the loss of US lives and asking out loud why are we there? The US is in Iraq to help a country brutalized for 30 years protect the gains made by Operation Iraqi Freedom and set it on the path to democracy. Some people in Iraq don't want that to happen. That is why American GIs are dying. And what we should remind our viewers (4/6/04). If, as promised, the coalition decides to take Fallujah back by force, it will not be for lack of opportunities for the terrorists holed up there to negotiate. Let's not get lost in breast-beating about the sadness of the loss of life. They had a chance (4/22/04). The continuing carnage in Iraq -- mostly the deaths of seven US troops in Sadr City -- is leaving the American military little choice but to punish perpetrators. When this happens, we should be ready to put in context the events that led to it. More than 600 US military dead, attacks on the UN headquarters last year, assassination of Iraqi officials who work with the coalition, the deaths of Spanish troops last fall, the outrage in Fallujah: whatever happens, it is richly deserved (4/4/04). [L]et's refer to the US marines we see in the foreground [of pictures coming out of Fallujah] as "sharpshooters" not snipers, which carries a negative connotation (4/28/04).
Moody on abortion:
[Le]t's spend a good deal of time on the battle over judicial nominations, which [th]e President will address this morning. Nominees who both sides admit are [qu]alified are being held up because of their POSSIBLE, not demonstrated, views [on] one issue -- abortion. This should be a trademark issue for FNC today and in [th]e days to come (5/9/03). Two style notes: [Eric Ru]dolph is charged with bombing an abortion clinic, not a "health clinic." ...[TO]DAY'S HEARING IS NOT AN ARRAIGNMENT. IT IS AN INITIAL HEARING (6/2/03).
Moody on Senator John Kerry (D-MA):
Kerry, starting to feel the heat for his flip-flop voting record, is in West Virginia. There's a near-meaningless primary in Illinois (3/16/04). Ribbons or medals? Which did John Kerry throw away after he returned from Vietnam. This may become an issue for him today. His perceived disrespect for the military could be more damaging to the candidate than questions about his actions in uniform (4/26/04). John Kerry may wish he'd taken off his microphone before trashing the GOP. Though he insists he meant republican [sic] "attack squads," his coarse description of his opponents has cast a lurid glow over the campaign (3/12/04). Bill Clinton's book "My Life" may come out in time to let John Kerry have the spotlight by convention time. Then again, maybe it won't (4/27/04).
Moody on President George W. Bush:
[Th]e president is doing something that few of his predecessors dared undertake: [pu]tting the US case for mideast peace to an Arab summit. It's a distinctly [sk]eptical crowd that Bush faces. His political courage and tactical cunning ar[e] [wo]rth noting in our reporting through the day (6/3/03).
Moody on the 9/11 Commission:
The so-called 9/11 commission has already been meeting. In fact, this is its eighth session. The fact that former Clinton and both frmer [sic] and current Bush administration officials are testifying gives it a certain tension, but this is not "what did he know and when did he know it" stuff. Do not turn this into Watergate. Remember the fleeting sense of national unity that emerged from this tragedy. Let's not desecrate that (3/23/04). Remember that while there are obvious political implications for Bush, the commission is looking at eight years of the Clinton Administration versus eight months (the time prior to 9/11 that Bush was in office) for the incumbent (3/24/04).
Moody on America's European "allies":
[At] the UN, Catherine Herridge will follow the US sponsored resolution calling [fo]r the lifting of sanctions against Iraq. Not surprisingly, we're facing [re]sistance from our erstwhile European buddies, the French and Germans (5/9/03). [Bu]sh's G-8 trip is actually less important than his fledgling efforts to knock [t]ogether the Israeli and Palestinian PMs' heads. Let's keep in mind that the [G-]8 contains the most obstreperous dissidents against the war on terror. Bush [ha]s a long memory and new friends in Poland the rest of Eastern Europe (5/29/03).
Moody on what war footage to air and not air:
Five American GIs killed in Iraq in a bomb and an attack represent one of the grimmest days there in months. There is also footage of a mutilated body being dragged down a road which WE WILL NOT AIR UNTIL IT HAS BEEN CLEARED (3/31/04). The pictures shown in the Times and NY Post today of the dead American contractors are exactly what we chose NOT to use yesterday. Please don't get sucked into this taste race to the bottom (4/1/04).
Moody on Bush's tax cut:
[Th]e tax cut passed last night by the Senate, though less than half what Bush [or]iginally proposed, contains some important victories for the administration. [Th]e DC crew will parse the bill and explain how it will fatten -- marginally - [yo]ur wallet (5/22/03).
Moody on rising gas prices:
Gas prices are at all-time highs in the US. There are reasons for the surge, some economic, some mere business tactics. Remember: US prices, while they seem high to us, are a half or less the cost of gasoline elsewhere (3/16/04).
Moody on the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU):
The Ministry of Social Development is monitoring social media to catch beneficiaries who are defrauding the system.
Photo: 123RF
It was reported in Australia that investigators there were trawling the social media accounts of people on welfare to spot fraudsters.
Contractors there had trawled through Facebook pages, Twitter streams and eBay accounts, discovering more than $2 million in fraud.
A spokesperson for the ministry in New Zealand confirmed to RNZ that its investigators used social media when looking into potential welfare fraudsters.
The spokesperson said the use of social media usually occurred after an investigation had been launched.
However, if staff became aware of a potential fraud through social media they were obliged to notify the investigation team.
"Our investigators follow all sorts of lines of inquiry and publicly available social media provides an obvious source of information to follow up."
The ministry said it used a range of techniques to detect benefit fraud including data matching with six other government agencies, which was the most successful method.
Photo: SUPPLIED
Privacy Commissioner John Edwards said it was important that any information from social media was verified by government agencies.
"Just because somebody posts something doesn't mean it's true and can be relied upon."
However, people could not object to information they put out for the world to see being used, he said.
"People have different settings that they put on their Facebook page and other social media... just being conscious that what you are posting may have a far wider audience than you anticipate is a really good thing to remind people of."
Beneficiary advocate Kay Brereton said many beneficiaries may not realise the ministry used social media that way.
"They [beneficiaries] are creating a whole different reality on their Facebook that isn't actually them, because you can do that too.
"That's one of the joys of social media is you can be who you want to be - it's not an accurate record of someone."
Photo: RNZ / Alexander Robertson
Social Development Minister Anne Tolley supported her ministry's monitoring of social media.
"If they're silly enough to use social media to broadcast the fact that they're trying to defraud the taxpayer, well then they're silly enough to get caught."
Mrs Tolley said social media would only form part of an investigation into benefit fraud. It was a "legitimate way" of investigating people's actions.
In the 2014/15 financial year, there were 927 successful prosecutions for benefit fraud. At the end of June 2015, there were 285,349 working-age beneficiaries.
Sir Charles keeps trolling, this time on both the Mike Lupica Show on ESPN 1050 and then on WIP Philadelphia with Howard Eskin and Ike Reese. There is nothing new here, because we've been listening to Barkley lambaste the Heat and especially Two of their Big Three on a regular basis for the past few months. Chuck knows his audience, and he knows they want to hear him speak his version of truth to their version of power: LeBron is a Scottie Pippen, God is a Dallas Mavericks fan, and yes, Barkley is still talking.
The potential NBA lockout would either offer a much-needed respite from the Chuckisms, or just open up a demanding market for them. I'm not sure which I'd prefer.
EARLIER:
It Only Takes Charles Barkley Two Fingers To Best Your Four-Letter Chant
Joakim Noah Taps Into America's Rage By Calling The Heat "Hollywood As Hell"
Nike Reportedly Tells Charles Barkley To Leave LeBron James Alone
Charles Barkley: "Miami Has The Worst Fans"
SBS has been the proud broadcast partner of the UCL since its inception in 1992 and is pleased to have locked-in another agreement, which will allow SBS to continue bringing the best club football coverage in the world to Australian audiences.
The coverage agreement between beIN Sport and SBS will see one live match on Wednesdays and a weekly one hour highlights show on Thursday nights on SBS2 that will cover all the matches from every round.
"SBS is pleased to work with beIN Sport as their exclusive free-to-air partner for the UEFA Champions League," SBS Director of Sport, Ken Shipp said.
"Football is becoming increasingly competitive in the Australian market – so we're delighted that we've secured the rights for another three years,
"International sport is at the heart of SBS and reflects our unique Charter by connecting our diverse communities. SBS really loves Football, so we look forward to continuing our free-to-air coverage of the Champions League."
The selection of the Live games is determined by the rights agreement and SBS will endeavor to broadcast relevant matches. The World Game online and social media sites will deliver highlights of all UCL matches.
The action gets underway with the play-off first leg LIVE on SBS ONE, SBS HD and online, Wednesday 19 August from 4.30am.
The Vancouver Canucks are off to a relatively strong start, going 5-2-3 through 11 games. With roughly an eighth of the season out of the way, it's time to start looking at who is in the running for the Canucks MVP.
Alex Edler
Coming off a season that saw Alex Edler rebound in a big way, the Swedish defender is backing it up with another superb start. Alongside partner Chris Tanev, Edler has been playing big minutes against other teams top players (assignments to-date include Alex Ovechkin, Vladimir Tarasenko, and Connor McDavid), averaging a career high 24:58 per night. In addition to his significant defensive responsibilities, Edler has been producing offence at a respectable rate, with two goals and five points through ten games, the majority of that at even strength, with his goal against the Dallas Stars being his only point with the man advantage. If Edler can keep this level of play up, I'm sure the Canucks will be very content.
Chris Tanev
Much like his aforementioned defense partner Edler, Tanev has had a wonderful start to the season on the Canucks blue line. Playing a career high 22:35, Tanev has been dynamite defensively this season, shutting down others teams top players with regularity. Additionally, Tanev has more than doubled his power play time per game, going from 40 seconds last season to 1:37 this year, and while he has just a single goal to show for it, it represents the fact that management sees something in Tanev offensively. The 25-year-old has gotten better with each season, and look for that to continue in 2015-16.
Jared McCann
The surprise of the season thus far, 19-year-old Jared McCann unexpectedly made the team out of camp, and has exploded for a team-high five goals in nine games, shocking just about everybody. While this sort of production can hardly be expected throughout the remainder of the campaign, the 2014 24th overall pick has been a key part of the Canucks strong 5-2-4 start to the season, and has been a game breaker for the club early. Don't expect a 40-goal season, or really anything close, but through the first eighth of the season, McCann has been an integral part of the team.
Ryan Miller
If you were to ask 100 people who they thought the Canucks MVP to-date was, chances are the majority would say Ryan Miller. The 35-year-old netminder has posted a .923 SV% and a 2.16 GAA, numbers significantly higher than his career statistics of .915 and 2.58. Miller started the first 10 games of the season (the only goaltender to do so) and performed exceptionally in just about every one of them. There were some questions surrounding Miller heading into the campaign, mainly due to the trading of fan-favorite and now-Hurricane Eddie Lack, and he's answered each and every one of them.
Brandon Sutter
Some may question this selection, but Brandon Sutter, acquired from the Penguins this past offseason, has been one of the Canucks' most consistent and reliable forwards through 11 games. He currently boasts seven points in 11 games, third among Canucks, along with three goals (second among Canuck skaters). Even more impressive, of his three markers, one was scored shorthanded, one on the power play, and one at even-strength. More importantly perhaps, is the fact that he has been a key member of the Canucks third ranked penalty kill, and has taken key match-ups against other team's top players. He's certainly not the flashiest player, but he's been consistently solid, and in a league as competitive as this one, that is unquestionably important.
Main Photo:
Bill O'Reilly tried to persuade a Fox News colleague to tattle on a woman who had accused him of sexual harassment, according to an ex-boyfriend of the woman who took the call.
Michael Panter, a former New Jersey assemblyman, told HuffPost Thursday that he was in his car with his then-girlfriend ― who would later accuse O'Reilly of harassment herself ― when the commentator telephoned her in late 2010 or early 2011. Panter said she turned the volume up on her phone so they could both hear.
O'Reilly “explained that a new accuser was suing him for sexual harassment,” Panter wrote Tuesday in a Facebook post, where he first described the exchange. “This latest victim was someone my ex knew, and lived in the same complex. He got to the point immediately: give me anything you have on this woman, which we ‘can use against her.'”
“He asked if anything was known about her sex life,” he wrote. “He asked if she used any illegal drugs. He also asked if anything was known about her financial situation and marriage.”
Panter, who did not disclose to identify his former partner in his Facebook item, told HuffPost she had already complained to him about sexual harassment by O'Reilly, but had not yet taken legal action against him.
Panter said that minutes before O'Reilly called his girlfriend, she received a phone call from a Fox News executive. He said he believed the caller was Dianne Brandi, then the chief corporate counsel at Fox News. Brandi went on voluntary leave from her job earlier this month amid allegations that she had refused to help sexual harassment and discrimination accusers at the network.
According to Panter, the executive said that she had recently met with O'Reilly and Bill Shine, then a co-president of the network, and that O'Reilly would be in touch about a “sensitive matter” shortly.
“It was evident to me that the [human relations] department and the legal department at Fox were the last places the victims of sexual harassment or sexual abuse would turn for help,” Panter told HuffPost.
“In a normal company, those should be the departments that support victims in those instances,” he said. “But I was witnessing firsthand that those departments were actually working on behalf of the person that had committed these acts.”
Panter said it appeared to him as though Fox News executives were colluding with O'Reilly to aid his efforts to “dig up dirt” on the other woman.
“It was just so hypocritical ― certainly devious of them ― to reach out to someone who was being harassed by Bill O'Reilly and try to make her give any information about another accuser,” he said.
Mark Fabiani, an O'Reilly spokesman, termed Panter's post “completely contrived, false and defamatory,” and “aimed at hurting Bill O'Reilly and his family.”
O'Reilly “will be commencing legal action against Mr. Panter, and the ex-partner he quotes, for all damages he and his family have suffered from this improper conduct,” Fabiani said in an email to HuffPost.
A representative for Fox News declined to comment.
O'Reilly was ousted from Fox News in April amid backlash over sexual assault allegations against him. The New York Times first reported in January that he had settled a sexual harassment case with broadcast personality Juliet Huddy. Huddy, who was a Fox News employee at the time of the alleged harassment, said O'Reilly had pursued a sexual relationship with her in 2011.
It has since been reported that O'Reilly or Fox News' parent company reached settlements with five other women who alleged sexual harassment by him.
Panter said he decided to speak out this week after reading O'Reilly's recent claim that no complaints were ever filed against him during his 43 years in the broadcast business.
“In my opinion, he was positioning himself as someone who has been persecuted and really wasn't guilty of wrongdoing,” Panter said. “It's a bit like [Russian President] Vladimir Putin saying that, according to him, the KGB has gotten very few complaints about him.”
Panter, a Harvard Law School graduate and practicing attorney, told HuffPost prior to the statement by O'Reilly's spokesman that he wasn't concerned about his comments prompting legal action.
“I would think they would be a little smarter than that if they read a little bit about my background,” Panter said. “I actually know defamation law quite well. You don't have to be a lawyer to know that the absolute defense of defamation is that you're speaking the truth.”
Verifly launches drone insurance by the flight, and on-demand in the US
A startup called Verifly is making insurance on-demand, and per-flight, available to drone users today with a new mobile app and service that's been in the works since late 2014. The service launches just in time to support a burgeoning consumer and commercial market for unmanned aerial vehicle use in the U.S.
Over half a million drones that weigh more than half a pound have been registered with the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration since December 2015, when it made registration mandatory. And while the regulations are evolving, the FAA also set new rules for small UAVs in June that industry insiders are saying will bring even more drones into domestic airspace.
Verifly co-founder and CEO Jay Bregman said that he and co-founder and CTO Eugene Hertz wanted to design something simple, easy to use and tailored to the particular type of risk associated with flying a drone.
Consumer drones have hit power lines in Southern California, crashed into the stands at major sporting events including the U.S. Open in 2015, and most famously onto the White House lawn.
The Verifly app draws a quarter mile circle around users, analyzes information from the startup's proprietary geospatial and weather databases, and shows the user their estimated risk. It then sets a price for the drone pilot on a policy they can buy on-the-spot. If they agree to the price, users pay with a credit card to get $1 million in third-party liability coverage with $10,000 of invasion-of-privacy coverage.
Previously Bregman founded ride hailing startup Hailo, the Uber challengers now majority-owned by Daimler, and merged with MyTaxi and Hertz was CIO of the e-commerce startup Quidisi. While Verifly is a licensed producer, its policies are underwritten by Global Aerospace Insurance, which has been providing aviation insurance policies well before consumer UAVs hit the market.
Verifly has had to get approvals to operate state-by-state, since insurance is regulated by state-level government, not the FAA or any other White House office, where drones are concerned.
A long, long time ago — June 19th, 2014, to be exact — Rep. Alan Grayson (D-Fla.) proposed an amendment to a Department of Defense appropriations bill that would stop the Pentagon from giving high-grade military weapons to local and state police forces. The House of Representatives voted on it, and it failed, 62 to 355.
Ironically, as the Washington Post pointed out, Rep. William Lacy Clay, a Democrat who represents Ferguson, MO, voted for the bill.
To be fair, he was one of the 355 congressmen who voted against the amendment, and the indifference towards the demilitarization amendment was fairly bipartisan. (According to the roll call, 145 Democrats voted against the amendment, along with 210 Republicans.) But considering the prominent calls to revisit this issue, and Sen. Carl Levin (D-MI) vowing to review the program as the chair of the Senate Armed Service Committee, we're betting this is going to change soon — especially given that the events in Ferguson are the textbook case of Why Giving Military-Grade Weapons to Police Is Bad.
(We've reached out to Rep. Clay's office for a statement.)
For the curious, these are the types of weapons that the Pentagon's 1033 program would be unable to give local police, had the Grayson Amendment passed:
“Aircraft (including unmanned aerial vehicles), armored vehicles, grenade launchers, silencers, toxicological agents (including chemical agents, biological agents, and associated equipment), launch vehicles, guided missiles, ballistic missiles, rockets, torpedoes, bombs, mines, or nuclear weapons.”
Hold on, what?
guided missiles, ballistic missiles, rockets, torpedoes, bombs, mines, or nuclear weapons
As if it couldn't get worse.
UPDATE (1:42 PM EST): In a statement, Rep. Clay directly addressed his previous vote and his forthcoming actions:
Over 350 Members of Congress voted against Mr. Grayson's amendment, and I was among them. I don't regret the vote. But I strongly object to a tactical police unit pointing military sniper rifles and automatic weapons at my unarmed constituents who were peacefully exercising their constitutional rights. I will be meeting personally with Secretary of Defense Hagel to discuss the overmilitarization of local police and my very serious concerns about the transfer of surplus military equipment to local law enforcement agencies.
[The Washington Post]
[Image via Facebook]
—
>> Follow Tina Nguyen (@Tina_Nguyen) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
As part of Intel's big Skylake info dump today, the company quietly announced a follow up to its Compute Stick HDMI dongle. While the last generation of the mini PC included a slower Intel Atom processor, this time around the Compute Stick is getting fully fledged Skylake processors in the form of the Core m3 and Core m5 with vPro.
While Core M's low power usage is one reason why full Skylake chips can fit in something the size of the Compute Stick, it also helps that Intel has drastically reduced the amount of surface area that the Core M chips use relative to the first-generation Broadwell versions. The less surface area the CPU package uses, the more is available for things like memory, storage, and other components. We should hopefully see some Skylake laptop designs that take advantage of the space savings, if only to squeeze in a bit more battery—with a handful of exceptions, most of the Broadwell Core M laptops we've tested have had middling battery life at best.
The Core m3 and M5 CPUs have a TDP of 4.5W, so performance should be reasonably good—Intel says the Skylake Core Ms should provide graphics performance that's as much as 40 percent better than the Broadwell Core Ms. OEMs can ratchet the TDP of these chips up to 7W for more performance or they can turn it down to 3.5W or 3.8W (for the m5 and m3, respectively) to reduce heat output, but that's not the case for the versions in the Compute Stick. In any case, their CPU and GPU performance should be a respectable step up from the old Bay Trail Atoms in the first models.
Unfortunately we don't know anything about pricing or availability just yet, nor do we know how much RAM or storage the various Compute Sticks will include. Part of the appeal of the original model was its low price—about $110 for a Linux version with 1GB RAM and 8GB storage, and about $150 for a Windows version with 2GB RAM and 32GB of storage. Using Core M instead of Atom is going to drive up performance, but it's also likely to drive up the price.
Additionally, we'll need to see whether the new Compute Stick includes a better-behaved Bluetooth radio than the old version. The stick has very few ports, and Bluetooth is the easiest way to connect keyboards, mice, and other peripherals, but Bluetooth input in our review unit would become extremely laggy whenever the CPU or storage was in use. Hopefully this problem won't carry over to the new model.
Every city with an NFL team wants to host the “big game,” and every city wants the fame and billions of dollars in revenue that come with hosting the game. As announced by the NFL yesterday, Atlanta will be receiving that fame and extra revenue in the near future.
In an eventful owners' meeting yesterday, the NFL determined the host cities for Super Bowl LIII through Super Bowl LV. The schedule for the next five Super Bowl hosts are:
Super Bowl LI – Houston
Super Bowl LII – Minneapolis
Super Bowl LIII – Atlanta
Super Bowl LIV – South Florida
Super Bowl LV – Los Angeles
Atlanta has previously hosted Super Bowl XXXIV (1999-2000 season) and Super Bowl XXVIII (1993-1994 season), and both games were played in the then-new Georgia Dome. Super Bowl LIII will be the end to the 2018-2019 season, and it will be played in Mercedes-Benz Stadium, a soon-to-be modern temple of Atlanta Sports.
No team has ever played the Super Bowl on their home field, but with the Falcons on the rise, they have a chance to be the first team to do so.
Let us hear your opinion!
Do you think the Falcons will be a major contender by the 2018-2019 season? Why or why not?
Colorado law enforcement officials have sent a letter to Gov. John Hickenlooper saying they are worried that the state could botch regulations for recreational marijuana.
In the letter, sent Tuesday, the officials say they fear there is “the potential for the passage of marijuana laws which are a grave disservice to the public.” At the Capitol, the leaders say, there is a “concerted effort to continue to undermine law enforcements effort to keep our youth safe and stop diversion.”
“We have strong concerns that if Amendment 64 is not implemented properly, we will become the nation's supplier of choice for marijuana,” the officials wrote in the letter, signed, “Sincerely yours on behalf of the public safety which we are sworn to protect.”
The letter was sent by members of the Colorado Association of Chiefs of Police, the Colorado District Attorneys Council, the County Sheriffs of Colorado and the Colorado Drug Investigators Association. The groups sent the letter to Hickenlooper, leaders in both the Colorado House and Senate and state Attorney General John Suthers.
Provocatively, a copy of the letter was also sent to U.S. Attorney John Walsh, whose office considers all marijuana illegal and could move to shut down the state's nascent system of regulated pot stores.
The letter is the latest sign of a breakdown in consensus at the Capitol on the best way to regulate recreational marijuana — which Colorado voters legalized in November with the passage of Amendment 64. While Democrats, Republicans, law enforcement groups, marijuana advocates and others worked together on a special marijuana task force to draft proposed regulations, the debate over the regulations has become a divisive, partisan affair.
On Tuesday, the state House gave its final approval to a bill setting proposed tax rates for retail marijuana sales, on a 37-27 party-line vote. The bill, House Bill 1318, proposes a 15 percent excise tax and an initial 10 percent sales tax on pot sales. Republicans said the rates are too high and that voters — who have to give the final OK for the taxes — may balk.
On Monday, the House gave final approval to a bill laying out the industry structure for marijuana business, in another vote that broke largely on party lines.
“It is extremely unfortunate they became partisan bills when it was a bipartisan process,” said Rep. Dan Pabon, a Denver Democrat who was the sponsor of the bill passed Monday, House Bill 1317.
Both bills now head to the Senate.
Another bill — Senate Bill 283, which has also been contentious even though it contains only “consensus” proposals for marijuana regulation — is scheduled to be debated Wednesday in the Senate.
The law enforcement groups cite two specific concerns about the bills in their letter to Hickenlooper. The groups say they are upset that funding training for police officers to better identify drugged drivers has been made optional and that funding was also cut for studies to examine the consequences of marijuana legalization.
“Simply put, money cannot drive this decision,” the groups state in the letter.
The groups also say they worry lawmakers may strip out a provision in HB 1317 that creates a scientific definition of stoned driving. A separate bill on that subject died in a Senate committee, but lawmakers in the House inserted it into HB 1317.
And the groups say they are wary of potential efforts to weaken a bill on drug-endangered children, which proposes that children who are present in homes where marijuana is being grown could be considered victims of child abuse — even if the pot is grown in compliance with state law. That bill, Senate Bill 278, is also awaiting a debate in the full Senate.
The legislature has until May 8 to approve all the bills before the session ends.
John Ingold: 303-954-1068, jingold@denverpost.com or twitter.com/john_ingold
3D printing in metal is going to allow more innovation and products to be designed and changed quickly, taking it beyond the limited industries it is confined to at present.
This is the view of Matt Burris, the CEO of MatterFab, who is trying to bring metal 3D printing to a larger range of applications and industries.
He said that the technique, which involves building up metal structures layer-by-layer, will not have a specific singular use but can be applied to many different scenarios.
“I don't think there's going to be a main application, that's the advantage of additive manufacturing overall, that you are free from a lot of the traditional manufacturing processes,” he said.
At present 3D metal printing is mostly used for printing aircraft components, engine parts and items such as false teeth.
But this market will expand massively in coming years.
“We realised if you can 3D print a part that can go in to a jet engine which is an incredible application, that there's not going to be a whole lot of limitation on what you can print.
“The question really is around the economics. Can you make a part with a 3D printer affordable enough to replace other manufacturing techniques – so that's where we wanted to focus.”
Burris said that using the 3D printing method will always provide limitations such as speed and scale at which things can be printed. However, these will change with time as the technology progresses Burris said.
The question of 3D printing larger objects is one of the challenges that faces all different types of 3D printing as, at present, the printer has to be bigger than the item it is creating.
Burris says that this limitation, and the others, will change in time: “So there's a sweet spot in additive manufacturing and it is going to change over time as machines get faster and faster, but that is going to be one of those limitations on the size of any part that you actually make,” he said.
“It all ties back in to the economics around making that part. If it is not cost effective to use additive manufacturing they are going to find a different process to do on scale production. For prototyping it is going to be the go-to tool for an incredibly long time.”
MatterFab is trying to build a platform that will not only replace traditional manufacturing, but one that will build upon it and make the processes faster.
At present the company is in the process of completing the construction of their printer and its systems, with the view to more testing by third-parties in the coming months.
Burris said: “The next few months for us is about finalising the design for our system and putting it in the hands of some early test partners, so we can get some feedback and really lock down the design of the system and make sure it is something that fits in the manufacturing environment.”
Featured image courtesy of Keith Kissel via Flcikr/Creative Commons Licence. Image one courtesy of Don Solo via Flickr/Creative Commons Licence.
Republican New York Rep. Chris Collins had his satellite feed cut Wednesday when he mentioned Hillary Clinton's Wikileaks scandal on CNN.
Appearing on “New Day” Collins was asked by host Chris Cuomo, who days ago erroneously claimed it was illegal for citizens to read the Wikileaks emails, about what Trump could do to come out on top” at the debate if the issue of character is mentioned.
“Two thirds of the public know that Hillary Clinton's a liar, she can't be trusted and now the two faces of Hillary Clinton are coming out – the fact through Wikileaks she says one thing and….” Collins said before his feed was cut.
“Oh no,” Cuomo said. “We just lost the satellite feed. That sucks.”
Cuomo then argued the pro-Trump side against Clinton supporter Congressman Hakeem Jeffries with no mention of Wikileaks before Colins was brought back in for the end of the segment.
Watch the clip below and tell us what you think. Was his feed cut intentionally or accidentally?
Social media users were not convinced that it was unintentional and gave Cuomo the brunt of their anger.
@PrisonPlanet @zachhaller @wikileaks Cuomo's fake reaction is most telling! Dramatic response at :29 – :34 is Emmy worthy though. 👏🏾👏🏾 — Ms. Justice (@soulful_chica) October 19, 2016
@PrisonPlanet @wikileaks Orwellian fascists of the Democrat Cult posing as “journalists”. — Larry Kutcher (@LarryKutcher) October 19, 2016
@PrisonPlanet @zachhaller @wikileaks …almost as telling is Chris Cuomo fake reaction when it happens. He's never that uncool on air. smh — Ms. Justice (@soulful_chica) October 19, 2016
@PrisonPlanet @wikileaks Hey @ChrisCuomo you are a disgrace to journalism! U know exactly why his satellite feed was lost — ᎠᏒ.Ꮢꊼ (@DrofRx) October 19, 2016
@PrisonPlanet @wikileaks So blatant. “Oh no!” That was so fake. Guy is a terrible actor. Would do Pravda proud. — Bernified (@DrCatM) October 19, 2016
Hi all, SimGuruModSquad (EA's tech rep) has responded to our query at EA's Sims 4 forum about the hair issue, and he stated that they will look into this unintended consequence of a bug fix that was in the last patch. It may be that this can be fixed from their end (which would be optimal obviously). If that happens and you have run to disallow for random batch fix as a short-term solution, you can run Studio's disallow for random batch fix to stop CC from showing on random Sims.
To those who have posted about the batch fix workaround: the batch fix does fail on some hairs for reasons as yet unknown. The problem with eyes appears to be unrelated to to allow for random issue so the batch fix will not work on those. The issue is under investigation.
The No. 1 foreign policy threat that may be awaiting President-elect Trump is North Korea's nuclear capability and its close ties with Iran. It's a high-stakes game of brinkmanship, with a whole new layer of uncertainty as the U.S. administration changes guard in the weeks ahead. Time will tell if Trump will pull out of the nuclear pact the United States signed last year with Iran, potentially freeing the Mideastern power to act on its ambitions.
According to military officials, the United States and South Korea remain on high alert after receiving reports that North Korea may test-fire an intermediate-range ballistic missile when Trump enters the White House in January. The missile test is said to be a warning that Pyongyang will not give up its nuclear- and missile-development programs.
The Musudan, or BM-35 missile, has an estimated range of 3,500 kilometers, which is enough to allow it to target the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam, an island with key strategic assets for U.S. forces.
Though Western security analysts know very little for certain about the missile test expected, arms-control experts and North Korea watchers can agree one thing is likely: A small group of Iranian observers will be there to witness the latest demonstration of North Korean ballistic missile technology.
The cozy military relationship between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) and Iran no longer receives the attention it did two decades ago, when the two countries actively exchanged ballistic missile technology and know-how. But the relationship may be pulled back into focus as the next U.S. presidential administration attempts to manage a tenuous rapprochement with Tehran at the same time North Korea dials up its nuclear and ballistic missile provocations.
BLITZER: This is a real battle that is brewing on John McCain and his friend, the other side, Senator Rand Paul and some others, on the other side. One congressman from Michigan, Justin Amash, tweeted Senator McCain called senator Paul, senator Ted Cruz and be wacko birds, bravo, senator. You got us. Did you come up with that at hash tag dinner with Barack.
So who are you with, the McCains or the Rand Pauls?
GINGRICH: Well, I'm really disappointed in John McCain. And I'm very saddened by it. McCain in his younger years was a great maverick. He took on his party all the time. The idea that he is now lecturing the next generation because they have the guts to stand up, which I would have thought John McCain would have applauded the news and say, I may not agree with you in detail, but I'm proud that you're standing up with your beliefs. I don't know what's happening to John McCain, but I find it very sad.
###
BLITZER: What do you make of the split that appears to be emerging among Republicans on this very sensitive issue?
GINGRICH: I think there's a deeper issue which is a split about tone. There are some Republicans who are so used to go in the nice restaurants in Georgetown and they are so used to hanging out their friend in the establishment that the tone bothers them. I saw nothing that Rand Paul did that was inappropriate. In fact, it was exactly why the U.S. Senate extends two individual senators, the right to talk forever. I'm from the house. We used to get one minute.
BLITZER: Right.
GINGRICH: But the Senate has a very different tradition of individuals standing up. So I thought Rand Paul was behaving in the best tradition of the U.S. Senate. And I thought for a guy like McCain, who had always been a maverick, who had reveled in opposing his party's establishment, to now be the sort of senior lecturer on behalf of how you should behave. I just thought it was a very sad moment.
Word of the week: kòng
There's always that one person in the office who spends more time playing on their shǒu jī 手机 (phone) and talking to people on wēi xìn 微信 (WeChat) than they spend talking to people in real life. These people you can call shǒu jī kòng 手机控 (phone addict). So next time you're at the bar and you see your Chinese friend is playing on their phone again you can say:
nǐ zhēn shì gè shǒu jī kòng 你真是个手机控 (you really are a phone addict!)
You can add kòng 控 onto the end of a few different words to indicate that a person spends too much time on that thing. For example diàn nǎo kòng 电脑控 for someone who is always glued to their computer screen, or yóu xì kòng 游戏控 for someone who spends more time in computer game world than in the real world.
shǒu jī kòng sounds a bit light hearted. If you think the person actually has a real problem you can say nǐ yǒu shǒu jī yī lài zhèng 你有手机依赖症 which translates as “you have phone dependence disorder”. I'm not sure if yī lài zhèng (dependence disorder) is really a legitimate medical condition, particularly the phone variety, but it certainly sounds more serious than shǒu jī kòng. You can also add other nouns in front of yī lài zhèng to indicate an over-dependence on that thing.
All this talk of shǒu jī kòng and shǒu jī yī lài zhèng reminds me of a time I was at karaoke with some Chinese friends. As usual there was one girl spending the whole time on her phone and so my friend, an overseas Chinese from Spain, shouted out:
shéi wán shǒu jī jiù yào dǎ pì gǔ! tuō kù zi dǎ pì gǔ! 谁玩手机就要打屁股！脱裤子打屁股！(whoever plays on their phone will get a smack bottom! Pants down smack bottom!)
You can also say that someone is addicted to their phone. nǐ duì shǒu jī shàng yǐn le 你对手机上瘾了(you're addicted to your phone). For “addicted to” you can use the sentence structure duì…shàng yǐn le and just insert the thing that is addicted to. wǒ duì xiāng yān shàng yǐn le 我对香烟上瘾了 (I to cigarettes addicted/ I am addicted to cigarettes)
Advertisements
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Thursday condemned companies that pay women less than men, but was unwilling to condemn Senate Democrats who pay their female staffers less than male staffers, saying that the Senate is “another world.”
Speaking in Washington, D.C., Pelosi reminded everyone that there shouldn't be income disparity between men and women.
“It's 2012. It's 2012, everybody. What is it we're talking about women getting paid less? Are you going home to your little girls each day and saying: ‘Work hard, study hard, be diligent so that when you grow up you can make less than your brother?”
She added, “There seems to be a decision somewhere in some companies and parts of our economy that that's an okay thing to do.”
The Daily Caller asked Pelosi about a report in the Washington Free Beacon that revealed that women working for Senate Democrats in 2011 had an average salary of $60,877, whereas male staffers made about $6,500 more.
Pelosi chose not to condemn the Democratic senators, claiming that it is “another world.”
“When I was speaker, I was [the] highest paid person on Capitol Hill and the women took great joy in that,” she said, making an apparent defense of the current pay disparity.
Videography by Sarah Hofmann
Follow Michelle on Twitter
Nobody knows where Donald Trump will stand six months from now in the bizarre Republican presidential campaign. But you can predict with some confidence how his recent anti-Muslim diatribes will look in a decade or two, unless Trump manages to rewrite the Constitution.
American politics, like most things, is a story of what statisticians describe as the reversion to the mean. Self-proclaimed saviors and other outliers come and go throughout our political history. Occasionally they're successful; most times, they're not. But the system has rebalanced toward the basic principles of tolerance, freedom and democracy that were set forth by the Founders.
This inner balance wheel is one reason that Warren Buffett, our most brilliant modern business tycoon, likes to say that no matter how severe an economic downturn may seem, investors have never made a mistake betting on the ability of the American system to recover. This mysterious engine of creativity and self-correction could finally be broken after 226 years , but I doubt it.
[Krauthammer: Why take the Trump stunt seriously?]
Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric will live in infamy in U.S. history. He obviously doesn't mind; his narcissistic personality is so extreme that every high-visibility outrage is for him a kind of validation. (If you're curious about other examples of such personalities, read the recent book “Narcissism and Politics: Dreams of Glory,” by Jerrold Post, the CIA's former director of psychological profiling.)
Condemnation came quickly to Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump's call to ban Muslims from entering the United States. Here are some notable comments. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
But the judgment of history should matter to other Republicans. Historians will look harshly on those who, for reasons of cowardice or opportunism, kept silent when Trump's tirades put our constitutional values and the safety of Americans at risk — not to mention the political future of the GOP.
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) offered the simplest and most direct rebuttal Tuesday, the day after Trump called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States: “This is not conservatism. What was proposed yesterday is not what this party stands for, and more importantly, it's not what this country stands for. Not only are there many Muslims serving in our armed forces dying for this country, there are Muslims serving right here in the House, working every day to uphold and to defend the Constitution.”
Ryan gets my “Have You No Sense Of Decency, Sir?” award, named for the famous rejoinder by Boston lawyer Joseph Welch, who called out the reckless anti-communist crusader Sen. Joseph McCarthy in the 1954 Army-McCarthy hearings. Those seven words began the reversion to the mean after the Red Scare.
People will play the Ryan video clip decades from now when they want to understand when the United States began to regain its balance. Ryan temporized about whether he would support Trump if he's the GOP nominee, but Ryan surely can't endorse a candidate whose proposals “are not what our country stands for.”
How will history judge other prominent Republicans who have been onlookers and even cheerleaders as the Trump car wreck has ensued? Can Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) really continue to waffle on anti-Muslim statements? Is this former Supreme Court law clerk really so clueless about the Constitution? How about Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.)? Does he have the backbone to take on the demagogue? All we can say is that historical reputations will be made and lost over the next few weeks.
[Zakaria: Trump's views appall me not because I'm Muslim, but because I'm American]
It's not hard to imagine what James Madison or Thomas Jefferson or Alexander Hamilton would have made of Trump. He's a populist bully — the type of impulsive, autocratic political leader that the Constitution and Bill of Rights were intended to guard against. The framers hated the tyranny of King George, but they were also afraid of the mob. That's why they put so many checks and balances into our system, to guard against the excesses of a government that might be inflamed by public passion or perverted by a dictator's whim.
1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × People and groups Donald Trump has denounced View Photos Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is not one to back down readily from controversial statements, and the list of those he dislikes continues to grow. Caption Not one to back down easily from controversial statements, the Republican presidential candidate continues to add to the list of people he condemns. Mitt Romney After being attacked as a “fraud” by Mitt Romney, Donald Trump slammed him as a “choke artist” and “failed candidate” who begged for Trump's endorsement during his 2012 presidential bid. Tom Smart/EPA Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
In the end, the United States will get the leadership it deserves, and that may include Trump, if he stays popular. Sometimes good countries are so traumatized by events that they lose their bearings and embrace bad leaders. A clever politician can galvanize a shattered people's rage and national pride — in the way that a Napoleon did after the French Revolution, or Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini did with the war-ravaged middle classes of Germany and Italy.
Watching Trump supporters vent their fear and anger, no one would say that it can't happen here. The mood among Trump's followers is as ugly as his rhetoric. But history tells us that the demagogic wrecker probably won't succeed here. And if he does, it won't be for long.
Read more from David Ignatius's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.
* 29 years ago in 1986, the WWF held the first ever taping of their new top syndicated TV show, Superstars of Wrestling, at the Civic Center in Providence, Rhode Island. For the first few years of the WWF national expansion, the syndicated lineup consisted of Championship Wrestling (A-show shot in Poughkeepsie, New York), All-Star Wrestling (B-show shot in Brantford, Ontario), and the original Superstars of Wrestling (C-show mixing recaps and house show matches). For the Fall 1986 TV season, that all changed. The A-show and B-show were moved from the same small venue year-round to a new major arena every four weeks and all three shows were rebranded: the A-show obviously picked up the Superstars of Wrestling name, while the B-show became Wrestling Challenge and the C-show was renamed Wrestling Spotlight.
At these tapings:
Jesse Ventura returned from filming "Predator" as part of a three-man announcing team with Vince McMahon and Bruno Sammartino. In another presentation change, They introduced new female ring attendants, The Federettes.
Two young wrestlers who trained under Dominic DeNucci in Pittsburgh had some of their first matches. In one, Troy Martin (the future Shane Douglas) lost to Randy Savage. In the other, Jack Foley (Mick Foley using his dad's name) teamed with Les Thornton in a loss against WWF Tag Team Champions the British Bulldogs. This was Foley's second pro match, and he's talked about realizing how in over his head he was when he saw Thornton and Davey Boy Smith open the match with beautiful chain wrestling. He also made the mistake of asking Dynamite Kid if he could get in his flying elbow, the one move he was really doing well. Dynamite decided to break his jaw with a clothesline.
Kpkp B. Ware also made his WWF television debut, teaming with Paul Roma in a losing effort against the Hart Foundation. Ware was never really used well in the WWF, probably thanks to his height. He was a tremendous worker as both a singles and tag team wrestler, plus he had developed into a really likable babyface with his "Birdman" gimmick, but he never got the push he deserved in the WWF, or even opportunities to have great midcard matches.
In the long-run, though, nothing was more important than the presentation changes. WWF wrestling now looked bigger and more important than any other wrestling on television.
* 24 years ago in 1991, the WWF broadcast the fourth annual SummerSlam pay-per-view live from Madison Square Garden in New York, New York. Billed as "The Match Made in Heaven and The Match Made in Hell," it featured the most unique double main event in company history: The Match Made in Hell went on in the semifinal spot, and was a handicap tag team match with Hulk Hogan and the Ultimate Warrior vs. Sgt. Slaughter, General Adnan (Adnan Al-Kaissie), and Col. Mustafa (Iron Sheik) with the debuting Sid Justice (Sid Vicious/Sycho Sid) as special guest referee. The Match Made in Heaven, which closed the show, was the on-screen wedding of Randy Savage and Miss Elizabeth several years after Randy Poffo and Elizabeth Hulette actually got married.
The wedding came off really oddly in that it was played completely straight, Savage's outfit excepted. It seemed like a much bigger deal to the women in the crowd than anyone else. To them, it was the culmination of their favorite storyline after years and years. To the viewers at home it was kind of boring, and ia lot of the fans in the building left before the end of the show. They saved the angle (Jake Roberts attacking Savage) for the reception, which was taped that night for airing on TV the following weekend. When they legitimately got divorced the following year, the wedding angle meant that it had to be acknowledged, so Savage wrote an open letter to the fans in WWF Magazine.
The Match Made in Hell was all about getting Sid Justice over and getting the Ultimate Warrior out of the way. Why was the latter an issue? Warrior had demanded a ton of pay increases and days off after Vince McMahon made him record an apology video for a young fan wh whose autograph request he requested...and who happened to be the son of an important TV station manager. Really, what he asked for was parity with Hogan. Vince agreed..but only because ads for SummerSlam were out. Insisting he was under duress, he refused to honor the agreement and suspended Warrior as soon as he got to the locker room.
Also on the card, there were three title changes: Bret Hart beat Mr. Perfect to win the Intercontinental Championship in one of the most legendary matches of the Hogan era to establish himself as a singles wrestler.Perfect's back was thrashed and he was effectively retiring, but he put on an amazing performance on the way out. Also, the Legion of Doom defeated the Nasty Boys to win the Tag Team Championship in a street fight, and Virgil defeated Ted DiBiase to win the unsanctioned Million Dollar Championship. The pop Virgil got was incredible, and it was incredibly satisfying to see another moment years in the making pay off that night. Between the match quality and the booking, it's easily one of the best of the earlier WWF pay-per-view events.
It's straightforward: When it comes to foreign policy and the qualifications to be the commander in chief, no other presidential candidate, Democratic or Republican, has the experience and skill anywhere close to matching Hillary Clinton's.
Nor does any other candidate understand the nuances and sensitivities of the Middle East as well as the former secretary of state. Just look at the statements we've heard in the campaign as of late, with one candidate saying he'd be "neutral" concerning Israel and another calling to "normalize" relations with Iran. Both positions are naïve, betraying a lack of understanding in general and about the Middle East in particular.
The United States, of course, must be helpful in facilitating negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians, and assist both parties to work toward a solution that leads to two nations living side-by-side with secure, recognized and peaceful borders. Neutrality on Israel, however, ignores the special relationship that the U.S. has had with Israel since Day 1 when, under President Harry Truman, the U.S. became the first nation to recognize the new country only 11 minutes after its founding.
Neutrality ignores that Israel is not only our best ally in the Middle East, but also one of our closest allies in the world. It ignores the strong military alliance between the two countries, and disregards that the United States has consistently been one of the sole voices in defense of Israel at the United Nations. As secretary of state, Clinton called out the U.N. Human Rights Council for its "structural bias against Israel" and fought against countless anti-Israel efforts — all while the U.N. too often ignores the atrocities of the world's worst dictators.
Clinton understands the importance of the U.S.-Israel alliance, recently stating, "Israel's search for security, stability and peace goes hand-in-hand with the broader effort of the United States to secure and stabilize the Middle East." The two nations, she said, must build on that alliance.
She also recognizes that in our changing world, it's more important than ever to speak out and support the unique partnership between the U.S. and the only Jewish state. She has been a leader in condemning the Boycott, Divestment and Sanction movement and will prioritize a bipartisan approach in combating BDS to "fight back against further attempts to isolate and delegitimize Israel."
As for the call to normalize relations with Iran, it is naïve at best.
Clinton strongly supported the P5+1 negotiated deal to prevent a nuclear armed Iran and helped build the international coalition to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions. But she knows that Iran is not our ally. Clinton understands that our "distrust" of Iran, as she phrases it, has not changed, and that verification of the steps Iran is required to take under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is crucial. As president, she'll hold the line against Iranian noncompliance, including penalties "for even small violations." She knows that Iran is a country that seeks justice by hanging lesbian and gay Iranians from cranes and is one of the world's worst abusers of human rights. Its support for terrorism, recklessness on the international stage and repeated calls to destroy Israel all point to just how naïve and even dangerous the notion of normalization remains.
If the idea of normalization of relations with Iran isn't naïve enough, the repeated suggestion of having Iranian troops in Syria shows yet another deep and fundamental misunderstanding of the geopolitical situation in the Middle East.
Clinton understands the stakes of international diplomacy and alliances, and approaches foreign policy with a perspective that draws upon her years of experience dealing with foreign leaders and allows her — as top diplomats and national security officials have said — to "see the whole chessboard."
As the leader of the free world, the president of the United States can't engage only on domestic issues or have the U.S. pull back from the world in isolation. Being president of the most powerful country on earth means more than just winning a national election, it also means being prepared to be our commander in chief. As someone who has experienced how our government operates and witnessed how it works behind closed doors, I've seen Hillary Clinton at her best. Her level of knowledge and experience will be essential in the White House.
When it comes to the presidential candidates and the commander-in-chief test, it isn't even close.
Robert Wexler, a former South Florida congressman, is president of the S. Daniel Abraham Center for Middle East Peace in Washington.
Does this look like the home of a rock star? Okay, how about a '70s rock star with a long beard and hearing problems?
Yes, this is the custom-built San Leon enclave of ZZ Top bassist Dusty Hill: a 19,560-sf trio of homes on a three-and-a-half-acre lot facing the crystal-clear waters of Galveston Bay.
Features include recreational, media & entertaining areas. 2 story entry w/dbl staircase, gourmet kitchen, mahogany library. Coffered ceilings, travertine marble floors. Circular motor court w/fountain & Crestron lighting. Pool. Exterior lighting, rollac shutter & storm doors. Above ground gas tanks. Two 3-car garages. Designer appointments & much more!
Yours, for just under $7 million. Including the gas tanks. After the jump, the ZZzzzzzzzzzzz interiors!
***
What kind of Den of iniquity is this?
Is this how a rock star lives? Or just how a rock star hires an interior designer to stage his home for sale?
It would be tough to tell whose pad this might be . . . except maybe if you peeked in the garage:
on •
Chances are if you are reading this, you have spent a fair amount of time discussing the recent “Occupation” demonstrations which have sprung up all around the country. Anyone with a basic familiarity with the protests is aware that the demonstrators represent a broad spectrum of ideologies, beliefs and goals.
Ordinarily, there is nothing inherently negative about his fact. Since the 1970's, America's top capitalists have been grabbing an ever-growing share of the social wealth produced by the workers, while the latter have seen their real wages stagnate and drop despite a sharp rise in productivity. The fall of the Eastern Bloc, and the enshrinement of the TINA (“There Is No Alternative”) doctrine ushered in a triumphal wave of “Gilded Age”-style neo-liberal policies throughout the entire world, privatizing virtually everything in its wake.
Now that neo-liberal policies have finally led America to the brink of economic ruin, we should rejoice that there is now a large and growing movement pointing its finger at the power-drunk capitalists in Wall Street and other major cities. Broad fronts do have drawbacks, however, and no matter how large or loud they may be, some of these flaws can be exploited to the extent that the movement ends up accomplishing little, and long after its collapse no one seems to be able to figure out what went wrong.
Probably one of the biggest flaws of large, more or less disorganized movements is that their lack of concrete goals and clear messages makes them highly susceptible to hijacking and co-option. There have been complaints, even from otherwise sympathetic people, that the protest on Wall Street seemed to lack a coherent message, and that instead the general theme appeared to be little more than, “We're angry at Wall Street and the bankers!”
At some point, a list of tentative demands was released, such as this one. It is highly likely that more lists will be issued and presented, if they haven't already. The problem here is that when people are disorganized, united only by their emotional outrage, they leave themselves open to manipulation from seasoned snake oil salesmen who harness their rage and point it at a scapegoat.
Here's a test for the reader. Read through the following passage regarding the Occupy Wall Street protests, and try to guess the ideological angle of the author.
At a point we call such corps “Monopoly Capitalists”. By the time a grouping of such Monopoly Capitalist corps are setting U.S. foreign policy, which the arms industry certainly does nowadays, the problem becomes unbearably apparent. Bechtel comes to mind, along with Halliburton, the Carlyle Group, Monsanto, General Electric, et al. That part of Wall Street is certainly to blame. But that is not “Capitalism”. Instead, it is “Monopoly Capitalism”, and it is now observably moving America into a new world order with intent to place America under the alleged authority of a one-world government. As such, Monopoly Capitalism is un-Constitutional and must be opposed. Truth: No corporation could threaten America without the help of the Federal Reserve. The Fed is the problem, and Wall Street is merely the symptom of that problem. For the socialist movement in America to take this new-wave of Tea Party-type energy, the “Occupy” energy wave, and divert it into protesting a mere symptom of the problem is flat-out wrong. Especially when they use the crimes of corporate Monopoly Capitalism to attack American-styled free-market capitalism itself. That is why Oath Keepers is launching the movement to “Occupy The Fed Now!”
So who's responsible for that train wreck of text? Do you know the answer? If you guessed that it's probably from a Ron Paul supporter, you're on the right track.
In fact, it comes from some very serious Ron Paul supporters. Ron Paul's reactionary army of Austrian school economics missionaries are out in force to convince everyone that the free market is the answer to all of our problems, which is essentially the same message that has been coming from the neo-liberal mainstream for years. The only difference is that Paul supporters, like all Austrian schoolers, obsess over the Federal Reserve as the cause of all our economic woes.
For all practical purposes, this distinction between them and the fanatics of Milton Friedman is irrelevant. Believing that there is such a thing as a “free market,” and in fact believing that there has been or could ever be a “private sector,” which is not inextricably linked with and dependent on the state, is more than acceptable to the ruling forces of our society.
America's so-called “left,” that is the “respectable” liberals, take a similar track to the neo-liberals and fringe Austrian school reactionaries. They too often refer to our problems as “corporatism,” “crony capitalism,” or occasionally “cowboy capitalism.” The solutions, we are told, amount to new regulations and reforms, punishing some of the “bad apples,” and of course, voting Democrat. The goals are “saving the middle class,” and ultimately amount to the same thing as the stated goals of the Ron Paul reactionaries and the Tea Party movement. All of these factions wish to take America back to some other era, one in which they think their ideas were better represented in society and government. The extent to which these visions of an earlier, better America are accurate, if at all, varies significantly. What remains the same in all these cases, on the other hand, is simply this – capitalism is good, there is no alternative, it just needs to be fixed.
The liberals say capitalism can be fixed with regulations, in some cases the restoration of some previously existing regulations. They are less vocal as to why corporations and lobbyists in the future won't be able to achieve deregulation then as they did in the past. Most mainstream conservatives seem to imply that capitalism can be fixed if we just lower taxes enough, deport illegal immigrants, restrict abortion, and defeat the grave threat of Sharia law in the United States. The Ron Paul fanatics and their fellow libertarians insist that the U.S. isn't capitalist, but it needs to be. It will achieve that when the Fed is abolished and virtually all government regulation is done away with.
Libertarians typically disagree as to the extent to which the state must be shrunk before “true capitalism” is born, but if they admit that the U.S. is definitely some form of capitalism, they will insist that it is “crony capitalism” or some other “bad capitalism.” The bottom line is, the problem isn't capitalism, it's always some corrupted form of capitalism or “corporatism.”
When we see how similar these political ideologies are when it comes to this crucial issue, it's not difficult to understand why right-wing populists such as the Ron Paul fan club are so skilled at co-opting supposedly “left-wing” movements. This is in fact nothing new.
During the labor struggles which began in the mid-19th century and rose in intensity into the 20th, culminating with the Russian Revolution in 1917, capitalist apologists emerged from the right and left throughout the period. Their philosophies, goals, and methods often differed greatly, but a common theme was that capitalism, sometimes referred to as “free enterprise,” was not the problem. Something had corrupted the system, and so “true” capitalism or “free enterprise” had to be restored. After 1917, right-wing populism emerged in the form of fascist movements all over the world. Fascist leaders and ideologues sought to reconcile classes based on national or cultural unity, often claiming that class conflict was actually the work of foreign agitators. Of course, behind the fascist movements, funding their activities and turning a blind eye to their violations of the law, were members the ruling class, and particularly the big industrialists. While the industrialists were most concerned with the activities of trade unions and communists, during the global depression they also found themselves in conflict with financial capitalists, the bankers.
The message, with slight variations, is that capitalism, or at least “productive capitalism” or “free enterprise” was good, it was the banks and dishonest investors and speculators who corrupted everything. Hence, for example, one famous Nazi propaganda slogan, “Gegen bolschewismus und Hochfinanz,” meaning “Against Bolshevism and high finance!”
Fast forward to the present day and we see a similar trend, that is to say an emotional backlash steered towards various ideologies which proclaim capitalism to be inherently and unquestionably good, but that our system is not the “right” capitalism. It's not the right capitalism because of the influence of corporate lobbyists, or corporate person-hood, or the influence of the Federal Reserve, or fractional reserve banking, consolidation, monopolies and so on.
Regardless of the source, this idea is entirely metaphysical, in the sense that it completely ignores the question, “How did we get to this point? How did the good capitalism that supposedly existed at some undetermined time in the past turn into the bad capitalism today?” Few even attempt to answer these questions. Austrian schoolers will gleefully point to the creation of the Federal Reserve, but they are hard-pressed for answers when you point out the many economic crises and bank failures which occurred prior to the Fed's creation. Moreover, if one does their homework they will see that companies lobbying the government for favors, as well as government intervention in the market, has existed since the dawn of the United States. Indeed, the U.S. would not exist, or at least never would have achieved its position in the world, were it not for the actions of its government.
On the subject of “monopoly capitalism,” this is indeed a true form of capitalism, but it is a very natural stage of capitalism and doesn't represent some mode of production other than capitalism. The same goes for “corporatism.” Many large multi-national corporations began as much smaller companies. The so-called “free market” is not an obstacle to monopoly but rather a facilitator of monopolies. It is incumbent upon every capitalist in a given industry to attempt to dominate the market. There is no interest in “playing fair” so as not to crush the competition. It is curious indeed that the prophets of the free market, be they neo-liberal Friedmanites or Austrian schoolers, preach the virtues of free market competition based on the self-evident “fact” that humans are self-seeking entities, and yet they seem to expect the stockholders and directors of major corporations to go against their economic self-interest and maintain a state of fair competition with their rivals. Perhaps even more absurd, they should refuse to use their massive wealth and resources to obtain favorable treatment and other benefits from the state, thus sacrificing a crucial advantage over their competitors. And they must perform these actions on their own, out of the goodness of their capitalist hearts. Surely no Ron Paul fan would dare suggest that the state force them to. Keep that in mind the next time one of these reactionary populists tells you about “rational economics,” as they so often do these days.
Let's come back to reality now. Anyone can do some research into the largest multinational corporations and find out how they started. Many have quite humble roots. Capitalism is a mode of production, and like previous modes, it evolves over time. It does not disappear one day just because the state passes new regulations or removes old ones. It does not change into some kind of “wrong” capitalism just because lobbyists curry favor with politicians; were that the case we could say that capitalism never existed at all.
Capitalism does not disappear with the creation of a central bank like the Federal Reserve; central banking was a necessary development of an expanding capitalist economy. The problem isn't “crony capitalism,” “cowboy capitalism,” “monopoly capitalism,” “hyper-capitalism” or even “neo-liberal capitalism.”
You can pair “capitalism” with any prefix, adjective, or noun as you see fit, but the internal contradictions, exploitation, instability and absurdities don't lie in the words. They are all inherent features of capitalism, plain and simple. Any proposed solution to the inherent problems of capitalism which essentially boil down to more capitalism, are inevitably doomed to failure.
Categories: Economic Exploitation, Economics, Economy, Government, Health Care, History, Immigration, Imperialism, Labor, Reactionary Watch, Theory, U.S. News, United States History, Workers Struggle
On 20 February, Saturday, Soni Sori, the tribal rights activist and leader of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) in Dantewada at south Bastar in Chhattisgarh, left Jagdalpur at 9 pm and headed home to Geedam. Her friends Shalini Gera and Isha Khandelwal, who had moved to Jagdalpur in 2013 and founded the Jagdalpur Legal Aid Group (JagLAG), had been served an eviction notice on Thursday, following the questioning of their landlord by the local police. On Saturday, they held a press conference about the police intimidation that had forced them out of Jagdalpur. Sori had come for the presser, and had stayed back to bid Gera and Khandelwal goodbye. “She wanted to stay back longer, but it was getting late,” Khandelwal told me, when I spoke to her on Sunday. Sori sat on the passenger seat of a motorcycle, behind her long-time friend, Rinki Thakur. It was a 70-kilometre journey westward on the national highway number 16.
“She was scared,” said Khandelwal. “We had received information that Soni might be attacked. But around here, we receive this kind of threats every other day. We were concerned too, but couldn't possibly think that it was going to happen that very night.”
On their way home, the women were stopped by three men. “About 17 kilometres before Geedam, three of them came from behind on a motorcycle. They stopped us, and then they took Madam [Sori] a little away from me,” Thakur told me. Sori later told Thakur that one of the men held her hands behind her back, while the other applied a dark liquid substance on her face. Sori could not open her eyes, and felt that her face was burning. Fearing that it could be acid, they rushed to a local hospital in Geedam. It was grease oil—that may have been laced with corrosive substances. Thakur told me that the hospital authorities called an ambulance after treating Sori, and sent her to Maharani hospital back in Jagdalpur.
On Sunday evening, Sori was brought to Delhi, and was immediately admitted to the Intensive Care Unit at the Indraprastha Apollo Hospital. On Monday, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal visited the activist in the hospital. The doctors told The Hindu that her condition is now “stable and there is no threat to her life.”
What happened on Saturday fits with the grim pattern of recent events that have unfolded in Chhattisgarh. Last month, on 10 January, members of the Samajik Ekta Manch, an organisation in Jagdalpur that was recently set up to counter Naxalism in Bastar and support police work, had gone to the house of Malini Subramaniam, an independent journalist. The members of the organisation had threatened her for writing articles that they felt tarnished the image of Bastar police. A month later, on 7 February, the Samajik Ekta Manch staged a protest outside her house, and hurled stones inside.
What does it mean to publish a paper? Is it just to add a bullet point to your CV, or do you want the world to know about your research? What does it mean to publish today? Here are some thoughts and pointers on how to get the word out about the amazing work you do.
Publishing your results is an integral part of doing science. Why work on figuring out something new if you're not going to tell anybody? Exchanging ideas, critiquing them, building on them, and then publishing new ones is the way science works.
There is another aspect of publication, though: publicizing and socializing your work. You can't expect people in your field to know what you wrote, just because you published a paper. There's too much going on even within visualization, and certainly if you try to go outside your narrow field (see this wonderful comic Randall Munroe did for Science in 2013).
And yet, it's still rarely done. Many of the talks I saw at EuroVis recently did not have any sort of URL on the slides. That makes it hard for people to follow up and learn more, and it also makes it hard for me to write about the work. It's not very interesting to write about some great paper without being able to point my readers to something – anything. If you want me to write about your stuff, you have to have a URL.
Why Publicize?
You may not care about all those random people reading your paper. But perhaps you care about impact? Citations? People in the field recognizing you by your work at conferences?
Your fellow scientists cannot cite a paper they don't know about. If your work only shows up in your publisher's specialized search, it's much less likely to be read and cited.
Perhaps you subscribe to the idea that publicizing science waters it down or makes it somehow less important. Perhaps somebody told you as much and suggested not to fall in with the blogging crowd. Well, that person is an idiot who is stuck in the 19th century and should not be listened to. We're lucky to have left that kind of nonsense behind us for the most part. And where we haven't, it needs to be rooted out as soon as possible.
Also, if you're working at a public university, your work is paid for with taxpayer money. You have a moral obligation to not just sit on your results and do your work for your own pleasure, but to share. What other reason is there to pay you for research?
How to Publicize
Now that you're convinced that publicizing your work is a good idea, here are a few things you can do to go about it.
Landing page. This is the minimum. Put up a webpage somewhere. I'm not going to tell you where to find webspace – this is 2016. You have a website. Make a page. You're smart enough to write a paper, you're smart enough to make a webpage.
This is the minimum. Put up a webpage somewhere. I'm not going to tell you where to find webspace – this is 2016. You have a website. Make a page. You're smart enough to write a paper, you're smart enough to make a webpage. Materials. What goes on the landing page? At a minimum, there has to be a title and abstract, plus at least one image. In addition, put any materials there that you can share: code, study data, etc. Plus of course the next item:
What goes on the landing page? At a minimum, there has to be a title and abstract, plus at least one image. In addition, put any materials there that you can share: code, study data, etc. Plus of course the next item: Put the paper PDF online! It's so obvious, and yet I'm amazed by how many papers I can't find online. Don't expect everybody to have access to the various digital libraries (especially Eurographics is really hard to get to outside of Europe, making your EuroVis papers all but inaccessible). Put it out there where people can find it with just a simple Google search and a click. The more hoops I have to jump through to get to your paper, the less likely I am to read it.
It's so obvious, and yet I'm amazed by how many papers I can't find online. Don't expect everybody to have access to the various digital libraries (especially Eurographics is really hard to get to outside of Europe, making your EuroVis papers all but inaccessible). Put it out there where people can find it with just a simple Google search and a click. The more hoops I have to jump through to get to your paper, the less likely I am to read it. Have a blog. I don't understand why academics don't blog. I really don't. It makes no sense. If you have no other reason to blog than to publicize your work, then do it for that! Write a posting once a month. Even if you have a small blog, that likely gives you many times the reach your paper would otherwise have.
I don't understand why academics don't blog. I really don't. It makes no sense. If you have no other reason to blog than to publicize your work, then do it for that! Write a posting once a month. Even if you have a small blog, that likely gives you many times the reach your paper would otherwise have. Make noise on Twitter. The visualization community is pretty active on Twitter. Talk to people. Tweet stuff (and include pictures!). People tend to be receptive and Twitter is a great way to reach a lot of interested people.
There are always questions about putting the papers online. The major publishers in visualization let you do that without issue. You're always allowed to have a copy of your paper on some institutional or personal website. There are some technicalities around whether it's the final version or not, and whether it's allowed to go up before actual publication. But in reality, nobody cares and nobody polices this (and what could they possibly do?). So put your papers online if you want people to read them.
It's so ridiculously easy with today's technology to reach a lot of people with your work. It's time academics figure out how to use that technology to tell the world about the cool stuff they do.
Since there is a lot of top-tier talent outside of Overwatch League at the moment I and 7 other writers decided to honor their skills by creating our own OWL teams and have them compete against each other (by vote). The OWL Pellets Challenge has similar rules as the Overwatch League: Players have to be 18 years old, you can have a maximum of 12 players on your roster and most importantly, you are only allowed to have players that are not in Overwatch League right now. To make the task of creating the best team outside of OWL less trivial, all RunAway players are banned for this challenge.
Blue like the sea, yellow like the sand and orange like the sun: The Busan Beach Boys.
Cho “Hyeonu” Hyeon-woo (Support – Mercy/Lucio)
Kim “Fuze” Tae Hoon (Support – Lucio/Mercy)
Lee “Twilight” Joo Seok (Support – Zen/Sombra/Ana – aggressive)
Kim “DNCE” Se-Yong (Flex – Flex-Support/Off-Tank)
Bong “Republic” Geun-chan (Tank – Winston/Rein – aggressive)
Gye “rOar” Chang-hoon (Tank – Winston/Rein – passive)
Song “SASIN” Sang-Hyeon (Flex – Off-Tank/Projectile DPS – aggressive)
Cheon “Ado” Ki-Hyun (DPS – Genji/Tracer – passive)
Ha “Sayaplayer“ Jung Woo (DPS – Hitscan – aggressive)
Jeong “Recry” Taek-Hyun (DPS – Hitscan – passive)
Cho “Bubbly” Yoon-ho (Mascot)
Cho “yy0shi” Young Tae (Mascot)
When I started to think about this task, I first laid out a plan of how I want my roster to play. I have a certain philosophy of how Overwatch should be played and with that in mind, I particularly focused on the tendencies of every player and how to combine them to build an unstoppable team. I also came up with the team name with a certain theme in mind.
Moon Face Mascots
With Roadhog being the signature hero of this team, I recruited the ex-players best known for their smiles and cuddliness. The avid Roadhog cosplayers, the duo also known as the moon face mascots: Bubbly and yy0shi. With them cheering you on from the sidelines it doesn't matter if you play with a Symmetra main or 5 DPS, simply looking at them will make you happy.
Those two combined with Recry make up the B-trifactor. The “Big Beach Balls” are the idols of Busan (occasionally seen wearing bikinis), every Korean Overwatch player worships them and aims to become a big beach ball themselves one day. Similarly, my goal was to compose the Busan Beach Boys using as many players, who look like beach balls, as possible, but since those are a rarity I couldn't find enough to form a full team and thus they will merely be our mascots/gods.
The Philosophy
The way I like to see the game played is by putting less focus on your DPS players than your tanks/supports. I want the tanks/supports to make plays, not the damage dealers and I think especially Western teams/fans do not like that philosophy. You see a lot of emphasis being put on DPS players, a lot of resources being used for them, even though, in my ideal world that would be the other way around.
The reason I want the DPS to stand in the backline and simply fire their shots without making any “big plays” is simple: Statistically speaking your team suffers most if one of your DPS heroes is the first one to die in a fight, it lowers your damage output and thus your chance to turn the fight in your favor drastically. In my ideal world, a team would play with a heavy front line of tanks while your Soldier stands somewhere very far back on some high-ground playing as safe as possible.
I conceptualize a Soldier playing that way as a “passive” player. He dies way less often than your average Soldier and mostly also gets slightly fewer kills. Harryhook is, in my opinion, the best passive Soldier in the game right now, to the extent that I think that Dallas could even compete with Seoul and London if they play with him in that role whenever possible.
On the other hand, if a player (and this goes for any role and any hero) focuses on getting tons of kills no matter what, I call his play-style “aggressive”. Those types of players get way more kills than average but also die slightly more often.
My ideal team of 6 players, has at maximum one aggressive DPS player while having at least 2 aggressive Tank/Support players. Again, the tanks/supports are the ones to make plays and the others just farm damage as safely as possible.
The Team
With all of that in mind, I started to build my roster. And since Koreans are the master race, I quickly disregarded the West. My way of going about picking my players was to have a 6-man team for every composition I could think of.
The core I started to build the roster around is from MVP Space: Fuze and Ado. MVP was in the group of death in APEX S4, they beat Lunatic-Hai and were probably a top 6 team in that season. Since I find it hard to judge Lucios that was the main point for me picking Fuze.
Ado is a good example of a passive Genji/Tracer player, he had the least deaths out of any Genji in APAC 2017 while still getting a good amount of kills. He rarely tries to make plays on his own, always waits for backup.
Those two can be found in most of the compositions I want to run. For control-comps, for example, we add Recry the most passive Soldier in Korea, SASIN, rOar and Twilight. The idea is to let Twilight and SASIN be the annoying part of the team, the ones to get into the enemies face and get all their attention. The passive play-style from Recry and Ado allows them to quickly clean up diving enemy heroes, who try to get rid of that annoying part of the team.
In case we have to make up for lacking in firepower, the first choice in that situation is to swap out rOar for Republic. rOar has proven himself as a very proficient passive Winston and Reinhardt in LW Red, he knows when to engage and thus rarely is the first casualty in a team fight while also getting the first kill more often than most Winstons. Overall, he plays rather safe, not committing by himself if not absolutely necessary. Compared to him, Republic is a lot more aggressive. His attention lies in getting kills and he often abandons safe grounds to quench his bloodthirstiness. It is not uncommon to see him pick up more kills than his DPS players, making him an ideal fit if we lack firepower.
Alternatives
Running control-comps featuring the passive DPS style is what I prefer most, but it is not always possible. When a map doesn't allow for this specific style to dominate, I won't think twice about kicking Recry in favor of Sayaplayer.
The Meta Athena hitscan DPS is mostly known for his Tracer, but also unbelievably good at all the other hitscan characters. He comes in, whenever we feel in need of a star-DPS player, who won't hesitate to charge into a battle head first. All in all, I would assume that he could see the light of play a bit more often than Recry. In my opinion, having Sayaplayer on the team is more valuable than having Recry in general, Recry is the perfect fit for my preferred team-comp, though.
Next up, what happens if Pharah-Mercy is an absolute necessity? In that case, we would swap out Ado and let SASIN play Pharah. SASIN is probably the best (not underage or in OWL) Pharah in Korea right now. Not many teams liked to play her in the past, but the Foxes and SASIN have had some respectable success with her. The flex player is an in-your-face player not only with D.Va but also with the flying Egyptian and thus should be teamed up with Recry, to not have too many DPS players go wild. An example of SASIN going ham:
For the Mercy part of this combo, we have Hyeonu. Not only is he the player for whom Mercy was the most played hero in APEX Season 4, but he also died the least with her (out of all 30min plus Mercys). He achieved all that, while his team, Meta Athena, did not necessarily have the most success last season. Fuze, who would warm the bench instead of Hyeonu, can also play Mercy, but on a lower level. On maps or against teams where a constant swapping of Mercy and Lucio is necessary, Fuze would be the one to do it, though.
At last, we would have to fill the now open Off-Tank position. This would be the job of DNCE. The Kongdoo Uncia player has lately switched to playing in the Flex-Support role, but before that, he also made a name for himself as an Off-Tank and DPS player. Primarily his job will be to be an alternative to Twilight, should he die by being out of position too often. DNCE is a slightly less aggressive version of Twilight, thus reducing the risk of one support being picked out over and over again, should an enemy team be particularly good at it. His secondary role is to jump in as the Off-Tank in case SASIN has to swap to Pharah, though.
That flexibility of SASIN and DNCE also makes them a great duo in general. On maps with a lot of different styles of terrain, a 6-man team featuring those two, would have the possibility of not only switching between tons of heroes, but most importantly switching between entire styles of team compositions: Single support + Triple Tank, Triple DPS + 1 Tank, Triple DPS + 2 Tanks, Triple Support, Quad DPS, etc.
Overall the Busan Beach Boys are a squad of players chosen to perform very specific tasks, without lacking individual flexibility. Each set of players is designed to solve certain problems and with all of those thoughts going into the selection process I am sure those 10 Koreans and their two mascots are part of a more thought-out project than some of the players in OWL. Thus I would expect them to easily beat a bunch of the rosters in Overwatch League Season 1.
About John Bedford John is Metabomb's Editor-in-Chief, and is responsible for all of the Hearthstone news, features and guides content on the site.
Looking forward to the new Year of the Rooster update coming to Overwatch in just a few hours from now? You're not alone, and we've been busy all day grabbing all of the information that's slowly been leaking for the site.
We've already brought you a comprehensive guide to all of the Year of the Rooster Skins, Highlight Intros, Sprays and Emotes that are coming to the game. Next up it's the turn of Victory Poses, and as far as we can tell there are five to unlock in total. There's one each for the characters Ana, Bastion, Junkrat, Mei, Sombra, D.Va and Roadhog.
That's just going by the Year of the Rooster trailer that was leaked earlier on, of course. It may be that there are more to come with the patch itself, and we'll be tearing through the live game the moment it updates, in order to replace these rather low-quality trailer grabs with something from Overwatch itself. Of course we'll add anything that's missing while we're at it.
With that out of the way, here's every Victory Pose we currently know is coming to a patch near you very soon indeed...
UPDATE! - We've added higher quality rips directly from the game and updatd our gallery accordingly.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Would you notice if your favorite newscaster wore the same outfit day after day for a whole calendar year? Based on an experiment conducted by Karl Stefanovic of Australia's Today program, the answer largely depends on whether the subject is a man or a woman.
Stefanovic recently revealed he had been doing just this, sporting the same blue suit for nearly every morning newscast for a year. But as he told his female co-anchors over the weekend, the stunt went virtually unnoticed.
“I've worn the same suit on air for a year, except for a couple of times because of circumstance, to make a point,” Stefanovic said. “I'm judged on my interviews, my appalling sense of humor – on how I do my job, basically. Whereas women are quite often judged on what they're wearing or how their hair is.”
Stefanovic's point is a well-documented problem. From the very lack of women represented in journalism to blatantly sexist coverage of female politicians, we're plagued with countless examples of sexist scrutiny playing out in the media. This experiment is yet another clear instance of such.
“No one has noticed; no one gives a shit. But women, they wear the wrong color and they get pulled up. They say the wrong thing and there are thousands of tweets written about them.”
Stefanovic goes on to explain the experiment started as a show of solidarity with co-anchor Lisa Wilkinson, who says she is routinely criticized for her fashion choices by viewers.
Watch below:
0 Shares
This weeks episode of Smackdown Live was held in Uncasville, Connecticut. The show featured a ton of build towards Wrestlemania 33. The big news for fans in attendance of this weeks Smackdown was that WWE is bringing back an old PPV!
After a 13 year absence, WWE announced after Smackdown that the Bad Blood PPV will be returning!
According to fans in attendance, Bad Blood will be happening on July 9th at the XL Center in Hartford, Connecticut.
It will also be a RAW exclusive PPV event.
The event ran previously in 1997 as: Badd Blood: In Your House. This was the show that featured the incredible (5 star) Hell in a Cell match between the Undertaker and Shawn Michaels. It also featured the debut of Kane!
[irp posts=”16011″ name=”List Of All The Five-Star Matches In WWE History – 5*****”]
Bad Blood also happened in 2003 and 2004 as RAW exclusive PPV events.
A pretty cool thing for fans in the area!!! Should be a great PPV!
Let us know what you think in the comment section below.
Woman who had affair with David Petraeus gave speech about the CIA chief's handling of the Libya assault last month
The CIA has dismissed as "baseless" and "uninformed" claims made by the former lover of ex-agency chief David Petraeus that Libyan militants were held in secret US prisons prior to the deadly Benghazi consulate attack.
Paula Broadwell, the biographer whose affair with Petraeus led to his abrupt resignation Friday, alleged that the assault, in which US ambassador Christopher Stevens was killed, was an attempt to free men being detained in a covert CIA annex.
Speaking last month at the University of Denver, Broadwell further alleged that Petreaus knew about the secret holding cells.
President Barack Obama stripped the CIA of its power to take prisoners through an executive order signed soon after his inauguration in January 2009.
It put an end to the controversial network of secret jails that operated under the administration of President George W Bush.
The 11 September attack on the US consulate in Benghazi resulted in the deaths of four Americans. The assault – and what the White House was told about the need for additional security prior to the attack – has since been the subject of political debate in Washington.
Congressional bodies are due to hold hearings about the incident on Thursday. Petraeus had been expected to give evidence but his resignation has seemingly robbed lawmakers of the chance to grill him over what he knew, and what he passed on to senior administration figures prior to the attack
Broadwell's allegations over the motive of militants in attacking the consulate are likely to fuel speculation over the timing of Petraeus's resignation.
In an answer to a question reading the CIA chief's handling of the incident, the biographer said: "Now, I don't know if a lot of you heard this, but the CIA annex had actually, um, had taken a couple of Libyan militia members prisoner and they think that the attack on the consulate was an effort to try to get these prisoners back. So that's still being vetted."
She added: "The challenging thing for General Petraeus is that in his new position, he's not allowed to communicate with the press. So he's known all of this – they had correspondence with the CIA station chief in, in Libya. Within 24 hours they kind of knew what was happening."
The comments were recorded and posted in a YouTube clip which has since been taken down.
On Monday, the CIA was quick to shoot down Broadwell's claims.
"Any suggestion that the agency is still in the detention business is uninformed and baseless," agency spokesman Preston Golson said.
WASHINGTON -- The Kentucky county clerk who rose to prominence for refusing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples is now headed to jail.
A federal judge on Thursday ordered Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis to be jailed for contempt of court. She has waged a personal war against the Supreme Court's decision to legalize same-sex marriage.
Davis first defied an order by Kentucky Gov. Steven Beshear (D) for clerks to follow the law. After she was sued in federal court for her noncompliance and ordered to issue marriage licenses, Davis refused again. She sought a delay of that order and lost, so she brought her plea all the way to the Supreme Court, which this week effectively required her to comply.
She has since continued to defy the order, citing "God's authority."
The Guardian report ed that U.S. District Judge David Bunning said during a court hearing Thursday that Davis would be jailed until she complied with his order to issue licenses. She was led from the courtroom by U.S. marshals.
The same-sex couples suing Davis asked Bunning to hold her in contempt, but recommended financial penalties, not jail time. Davis argued in a court filing on Wednesday that it was impossible for her to authorize same-sex marriage licenses because the action "irreparably and irreversibly violates her conscience."
She also argued that there were "less restrictive alternatives" to a contempt ruling. She suggested she could deputize someone else to issue marriage licenses for her, or that the state could call a special legislative session on the issue.
Prior to the ruling, Davis told Fox News that she was prepared to go to jail. “This is a heaven or hell issue for me and for every other Christian that believes,” she said. “This is a fight worth fighting.”
Davis is an unlikely symbol of the conservative effort to claim religious freedom exemptions in response to the Obergefell ruling. She has garnered support from Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal (R) and Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.). On the Hill, Republicans are backing legislation that bars the federal government from taking discriminatory action against a person or corporation acting in accordance with a religious belief against same-sex marriage. Some conservatives have gone so far as to endorse civil disobedience as a response to the ruling.
Tigress 'T19' spotted with four newborn cubs at Ranthambhore National Park
In a historic event, a tigress code-named T19 was sighted with her four newborn cubs on Tuesday morning in Ranthambhore National Park.
The episode was captured by well known cinematographer S. Nallamuthu and guide Hemraj Meena during a morning safari.
Dhirendra Godha, a member of the State Board for Wildlife, said it was the second time that such a spot has been recorded since 2001, when the Bakola tigress, known by her territorial site, was seen with her four cubs.
Tigress 'T19' was seen proudly leading her family around their new home
Till that time the big cats of the park were not codified. Usually a tigress has 2 or 3 cubs at a time, he added. Unfortunately, two of the Bakola cubs couldn't survive, and were subsequently not seen.
Drinking the Node.js Kool-Aid
Published June 12th, 2010
**The Past and Present **
I've written dozens of event loops for network services, in C, C++, Python, Perl, Java, Lua, Go and probably other languages at this point. They all make me reinvent handling of events, none of them are perfect, some are faster than others, but in the end, it is a waste of my time to rewrite them.
My recent favorites have been a combination of C for the low level event loop, and higher level Lua to provide scripting of event handlers; This is what the Reconnoiter Monitoring system, the Cloudkick Agent and some proposals for Apache HTTP Server 3.0, are all built on. It generally gives you a good combination of performance with the ability to bind down to EPoll or KQueue, and the light weightiness of Lua means your processes don't get bogged down on the memory side. But as Brian Akins was musing this week on dev@httpd, sometimes it just is not enough. In addition, I have found that most people don't know Lua all that well, and you end up stumbling on bad practices when its exposed to a wider audience — the tooling for Lua is still limited, although I did find LuaLint this week which relieved some pain.
At the same time at Cloudkick, most of our infrastructure is build around Twisted Python Application services, communicating over combination of AMQP and Apache Thrift. Twisted Python's name is well deserved, multi-layer callbacks can be difficult to wrap your head around, but after coding in it daily for almost a year, we can crank out mostly working code with minimal bugs — so there is some good behind it, and Inline deferreds generally make it easier to understand, but again the tooling is limited when it comes to debugging Twisted. In addition, we are always fighting with the Standard Library and common Python modules, because of Twisted's model, you either need to do everything the 'twisted way', or you end up sending it off to another thread anyways.
For these reasons, I have been on the lookout for something better.
Enter Javascript
I have to admit, I had a bad first experience with server side Javascript. At Joost, we used server side Javascript in a custom environment, built on top of Rhino and a proprietary Java framework. It was painful, we were pushing things too hard, inventing too much ourselves, Rhino was too slow, and the JVM just isn't a great platform for fast cycle web development.
Because you are always fighting the JVM and existing Java code to provide features inside the environment, you end up needing to write Java code too. In addition, almost all your JVM interfaces are blocking, meaning you are back to threading to get anywhere anyways.
**Bring on Node.js **
Node.js however doesn't build on the JVM. It builds from a clean room environment on top of Google's v8 engine. I played with v8 back when it was first released, cranking out an unmaintained mod_v8. It was fast back then, and has only gotten better. The best thing is its embedding API — Mozilla's Spidermonkey has been around for ages, but it was always painful to embed and depend on it.
The main things Node has going for it:
Everything is Async : Because the base environment has been built essentially from scratch, everything is asynchronous. This means there is no ‘defer to thread' like in Twisted Python; You just can't make blocking code.
No existing standard library : While this is somewhat a disadvantage today, because its harder to get going with ‘batteries included' development, it means every bit of Javascript is written specifically for Node.js, in a style that fits in with Node.
First Class Sockets and HTTP: The example Hello World is over HTTP. Node keeps you focused on on dealing with the data, rather than spending all your time dealing with the sockets or protocols.
Writing network services in Node just feels natural. I don't have a better way to explain it — I don't feel like I do in Twisted Python, where it seems like I am always fighting with the Python environment. Not only that, Javascript is a high productivity language, with lots of tooling like node-jslint and even debuggers coming along.
In addition because of all the competition on the browser side, Node.js is blazing fast. No programing language has had the level of technical investment and innovation on their Virtual Machines in the last few years compared to Javascript.
Not a Webapp — an Application Server
Lots of people seem to be excited about building replacement's for their Rails Website in Node, but I am not. Front end web applications aren't that interesting to me. You take a template, fill it with variables from various sources, and send it down to the client. PHP, Django, Drupal, Rails, even Clearsilver, along with millions of other frameworks have had this figured out for a long time. They all have special features and such, but they are mostly irrelevant to me — find something your developers will have high productivity in, and let em loose.
Node is exciting because it provides a framework for producing reliable backend services, with an easily built REST-style API, that makes accessing it from anywhere else trivial. It lets you just write clean, async style code for possibly long running processes, in garbage collected beautiful environment.
The backend engineers all too often reinvent everything every few years, with AMQP becoming more popular; And just as quickly it seems to be falling out of popularity. The tooling on backend services seems to always lag behind, Java has giant complicated things you can use, but they aren't the right fit for most projects. Apache Thrift presented at least a common communications platform for services which is a good start, and hopefully Apache Avro will make them even easier to use.
Backend services lack a Rails. They lack a Django. They lack a JQuery or Dojo. They lack a revolution in how things are structured and built. Maybe it was SOA, or REST, or a million other terrible acronyms, but it all got mired in stupid marketing. Node.js seems to have the possibility to change how I build application servers, and for that reason I am very excited for Node's future.
**What I've been hacking on! **
Full drinking the Kool-Aid disclaimer: Earlier today, my first patch to Node.js was merged. It provided UDP & dgram unix daemon socket support. I don't think it makes me a biased Node.js zealot yet, I just contributed it because it seemed useful for my own projects, and I wrote it in only a few hours.
I wrote the UDP patch to support my unpublicized Dislocate project. It is basically seeking to unify service discovery, load balancing and administration across multiple data centers with varying latency — something I think is required to build true auto-scalling solutions. It is replacing in a sense part of DNS, part of Load Balancers, and part of configuration management. I am hoping to get something like a first beta release out this June of Dislocate, and will write up more about it at that time.
The federal government intends to make methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV), a key ingredient in the street drug known as "bath salts," illegal.
The white powder drug that contains MDPV and other ingredients is known to cause hallucinations, paranoia and violent behaviour.
Bath salts may have played a role in a violent attack in Miami recently. Police in the Florida city say a man they killed because he was allegedly eating another man's face and refused to stop was exhibiting behaviour consistent with taking the drug. It has also been linked to other bizarre episodes and harmful incidents, according to police.
The drug started popping up in Canada a few years ago. Users typically snort, smoke or inject the drug, and experience effects similar to the kind of high users get using amphetamines.
A Nova Scotia man recently described to CBC News how the feeling he had after using the drug was scary even for an experienced drug user. He said he felt like killing himself, or someone else, and he ended up in hospital.
Bath salts contain amphetamine-type stimulants including MDPV, which is currently not regulated under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act. It is considered a synthetic cathinone, chemically similar to what occurs naturally in the khat plant.
Synthetic cathinones are ingredients in some legal pharmaceuticals but no legal drugs containing MDPV have been approved for sale in Canada.
What is MDPV? MDPV, or methylenedioxypyrovalerone, is a synthetic cathinone. Cathinone occurs naturally in the East African evergreen shrub known as khat. MDPV acts as a stimulant and can have similar effects as amphetamines. Although MDPV and other cathinones have been used medically as an appetite suppressant, their appearance as recreational drugs is fairly new. The salt- or sugar-like clumps are marketed online or in retail outlets as "plant food" or "bath salts" to get around drug-control laws. Source: The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction
Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq announced Tuesday that the government will list MDPV on Schedule 1 of the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act. That's the same category as heroin and cocaine, and regulating it will make possessing, trafficking, importing, exporting and producing MDPV illegal, unless authorized.
"This will make it harder for people to deal in or even manufacture these so-called bath salts," Aglukkaq said at an event in Ottawa.
"These are not typical household bath salts, they are not the Epsom salts or the scented crystals that you will find in many Canadian homes and pharmacies. These are drugs, serious drugs," she said.
The public will have until July 10 to comment on the proposal to ban MDPV and the government says unless new evidence about the chemical comes to light, it will be illegal by this fall.
The drug is already banned in the United States and other countries. It has been posing a challenge to law enforcement because as a synthetic product, drug-sniffing dogs and urine screening tests can miss it.
It is also difficult to track down because the drug is being packaged and sold as an authentic consumer product with labels that describe it as real bath salts, plant food or insect repellant, and say "not for human consumption."
Making MDPV illegal will give police the tools they need to get the products off the streets, Aglukkaq said.
Frederiction's police chief, Barry MacKnight, who is vice-president of the Canadian Association of Chiefs of Police and chair of its drug abuse committee, said Health Canada is taking an important step.
"This is sending a strong message to Canadians and especially young Canadians that this drug is harmful," he said at the news conference.
He said MDPV appears to be more prevalent in Atlantic Canada but there is wide concern across the country. MacKnight said the recreational use of the drug and its harmful effects first came on the radar of his association in late 2010 when he met with American counterparts.
File photo: Demonstrators chant pro-Islamic State group slogans as they wave the group's flags in front of the provincial government headquarters in Mosul, June 16, 2014.
Iraqi media reported on Tuesday that 45 Islamic State fighters died after eating a Ramadan fast-breaking meal in the city of Mosul in Iraq.
Citing the spokesman of the Kurdish Democratic Party, reports said that it was unclear if it was a case of deliberate poisoning or food poisoning.
According to the Kurdish party spokesman, 145 ISIS fighters participated in the iftar meal, and 45 of them died a short time later.
skip -
Social Banners - Twitter
Mosul, which had a population of over 1 million people, was captured by Islamic State fighters in June and is the largest city in the group's self-declared caliphate, a stretch of territory that straddles the border between northern Iraq and eastern Syria.
This was not the first time ISIS reportedly suffered casualties as a result of poisoned food. In November, dozens of ISIS fighters died after Free Syrian Army militants infiltrated their base in Syria, posed as chefs, and poisoned their lunches, British media reported at the time.
However, the reports cited an article from the now-defunct Times of Iraq, which The Independent described as an "English news-aggregation blog," and questioned its reliability. These reports should be taken with a "grain of salt," The Independent suggested.
Also on Tuesday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that Syrian Kurdish fighters have recaptured more than 10 villages seized by Islamic State north of its de facto capital of Raqqa city, aided by U.S.-led coalition air strikes.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Intensified air strikes across northern Syria and clashes on the ground have killed at least 78 Islamic State fighters since Sunday night, the Britain-based Observatory said.
The strikes are some of the most sustained since they began in September, according to U.S. officials who say they are aimed at curbing the militants' ability to operate out of Raqqa and to prevent it from fighting back against Kurdish advances.
skip -
Social Banners - Facebook
When it comes to high-speed data processing, RAM has always been the go-to memory for computers because it's tens of thousands of times faster than disk drives and many times faster than NAND flash.
Researchers at MIT, however, have built a server network that proves for big data applications, flash is just as fast as RAM and vastly cheaper.
In the age of big data, where massive data sets are used to uncover the purchasing trends of millions of people or predict financial market trends based on millions of data points, a single computer's RAM won't do.
[ Further reading: How to use OneDrive in Windows 10 to sync and share files ]
For example, the data needed to process a single human genome requires between 40 and 100 typical computers.
NAND flash is about a tenth as expensive as RAM and it also consumes about a tenth as much power. So at the International Symposium on Computer Architecture last month, MIT researchers revealed a new system that proved flash memory is just as efficient as conventional RAM, but it also cuts power and hardware costs.
"Say, we need to purchase a system [to] process a dataset that is 10TBs large. To process it in DRAM, we would need a cluster of about 100 computers, assuming servers with 100GB of DRAM," Arvind Mithal, the Johnson Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at MIT, said in an email reply to Computerworld. "Such a cluster will cost around $400K to build."
Each server was connected to a field-programmable gate array, or FPGA, a kind of chip that can be reprogrammed to mimic different types of electrical circuits. Each FPGA, in turn, was connected to two 500GB flash chips and to the two FPGAs nearest it in the server rack.
Networked together, the FPGAs became a fast network that allowed any server to retrieve data from any flash drive. The FPGAs also controlled the flash drives.
Arvind, as Mithal typically goes by, said to process the same 10TB dataset in flash, only 10 computers -- each with 1TB of flash storage -- would be needed. Even including the cost of FPGA-based accelerator hardware, the total price of the system would be less than $70,000 or so, he said.
"This price may go down even further if we consider the fact we don't need as much DRAM on each server on a flash based system," Arvind said. "If we use a lower-end server with less DRAM, the system will cost around $40K."
Maintaining a flash-based system is also much cheaper, he continued, because flash consumes much less power than DRAM, and also because it would require fewer servers. Even when the additional power consumption of flash and FPGA accelerators were factored in, MIT's server network prototype showed that the flash storage device added only about 10% power consumption to the whole system.
In fact, even without their new network configuration, the researchers showed that if servers working on a distributed computation use disk drives to retrieve data just 5% of the time, performance is the same as if it were using flash.
For example, 40 servers with 10TB of RAM could not handle a 10.5TB computation any faster than 20 servers with 20TB worth of flash memory. And, the flash would cost less and consume a fraction of the power.
The researchers were able to make a network of 20 flash-based servers competitive with a network of RAM-based servers by moving some of the computational power off the servers and onto the flash drives' controller chips.
The researchers used flash drives to preprocess some of the data before passing it back to the servers, increasing the efficiency of the distributed computation.
"This is not a replacement for DRAM [dynamic RAM] or anything like that," Arvind said.
Arvind performed the work with a group of graduate students and researchers at Quanta Computer. The research showed there are likely many applications that can replace RAM and take advantage of a flash-based computer architecture's lower cost.
"Everybody's experimenting with different aspects of flash. We're just trying to establish another point in the design space," Arvind said.
Józef Stanisław Kosacki (1909–1990) was a Polish professor engineer, inventor, and an officer in the Polish Army during World War II. He is best known as the inventor of the Polish mine detector, the first man-portable mine detector, whose basic design has been in use with various armies for over 50 years.[1][2]
Life [ edit ]
Before World War II, Kosacki was a technician in the Artillery Department of the Polish Ministry of National Defense. Shortly before the war, he joined the clandestine Special Signals Unit, a secret institute that worked on electronic appliances for the army. Following the 1939 invasion of Poland, he managed to get to the United Kingdom, where he continued his service in the Polish Army as a signals officer. In 1941 he devised his Polish Mine Detector. It was to be used for the first time in action on Second Battle of El Alamein. Five hundred of these detectors were issued to Eighth Army. They doubled the speed at which heavily mined sands could be cleared, from 100 to 200 meters an hour.[3][4] The device was used until the 1991 Gulf War.
After the war he returned to Poland, where he became a pioneer of electronics and nuclear machinery. For many years he held the chair in electronics at the Institute for Nuclear Research at Otwock - Świerk. He was also a professor at the Military Technical Academy in Warsaw. He died in 1990 and was buried with military honors.
Legacy [ edit ]
In 2005 the Wrocław-based Military Institute for Engineering Technology (WITI) was named for him. This Institute has the first prototype Polish mine detector built by Kosacki.
Name [ edit ]
During World War II, Kosacki's name was classified in order to protect his family, which had remained behind in German-held Poland. Therefore, most of his patents were submitted under pseudonyms, including "Józef Kos," "Kozacki" and "Kozak." As a result, his surname is often given erroneously in postwar historiography.
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Mike Croll, "The History of Landmines", first published in Great Britain in 1998 by Leo Cooper, an imprint of Pen & Sword Books Ltd, ISBN 0-85052-628-0
ISBN 0-85052-628-0 Modelski Tadeusz (1986). "The Polish Contribution to The Ultimate Allied Victory in The Second World War" p. 221
"Time Magazine"/Canadian Edition, March 8, 1999, page 18
Mieczysław Borchólski "Z saperami generała Maczka", MON 1990, ISBN 83-11-07794-0
The choice of whether to circumcise one's son—a decision both aided and hindered by a deluge of readily available information on the Internet—is an increasingly fraught one for parents. A quick Google search for “Should I circumcise my baby?” retrieves millions of articles, blogs, and academic papers all weighing in on the risks and rewards associated with the surgical removal of a newborn's foreskin. Now, a new review published in the journal Mayo Clinic Proceedings claims the health benefits of circumcision exceed any risks by at least 100 to 1.
The review's outspoken lead author, Brian J. Morris, a circumcision advocate and Professor Emeritus at The University of Sydney, Australia, hopes this new data will silence the debate once and for all. It's Morris' provocative position that infant circumcision contributes to overall public health in the same way that vaccines do, and should be equivalent to childhood vaccinations. And as such, he says, it's unethical for doctors not to routinely offer it to parents.
“Each have a major population level benefit, but carry a risk that affects a very small proportion of individuals who receive the intervention. There are also extremely rarely deaths from each,” he told The Daily Beast via email. Moreover, “a vaccine is highly specific, whereas the protective effects of circumcision cover a wide array of medical conditions.”
The health benefits of circumcision are numerous. According to a mountain of research, documented in Morris' review and noted by the APA in its recently updated policy statement, the benefits of circumcision include “prevention of urinary tract infections, penile cancer, and transmission of some sexually transmitted infections, including HIV.” These statistics can be misleading, however. For instance, the actual or absolute risk of penile cancer is so small (about 1 in 100,000) that an increased risk is still hardly any risk at all.
Many doctors, along with the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP), agree that while health benefits of circumcision outweigh the risks, the decision is ultimately the parents' to make. In 2012, the AAP changed its policy statement, discarding its neutral stance to weigh in heavily on the side of circumcision.
Still, some parents and healthcare providers argue that newborn circumcision is not only painful, but also unnecessary, and medical ethicists in the U.S. and abroad continue to debate its moral permissibility. Thirty-eight European physicians formally replied to the “cultural bias” in AAP's policy change in the journal Pediatrics, noting its “conclusions are different from those reached by physicians in other parts of the Western world.”
The loudest among the opposition are people who've branded themselves “intactivists.” These groups say circumcision is “genital mutilation” and argue it needlessly violates a child's autonomy and, according to one website, can cause “serious health risks, including infection, hemorrhage, surgical mishap, and death.” (Problems like these, it should be noted, are extremely rare. For infants, complication rates are approximately 0.2% and even those are usually minor and easily managed symptoms like bleeding or infection.)
Morris said that the “intact movement” also has something to do with declining rates, and likens the debate over circumcision to the one raging over vaccines. “The anti-circers and the anti-vaxers are very similar, and often the same people,” he said.
Using data from the National Hospital Discharge Survey (which doesn't include out-of-hospital circumcisions, e.g. brit milah in the Jewish faith) with parsed data from adult circumcisions from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, Morris and his colleagues find that infant circumcisions have declined from 83 percent in the 1960s to 77 percent by 2010. The findings contradict a 2013 report from The Centers for Disease Control showing a slight increase in circumcisions over the last decade. In fact, Morris finds rates had decreased six percentage points during that time.
Both Morris and the CDC cite changing demographics and cost cutting as the reasons behind declining circumcision rates. Since Hispanic children are less likely to be circumcised, the climbing birth rate within the Hispanic population is largely responsible for the West's significantly lower circumcision rates. Additionally, circumcision rates are 24 percent lower in the 18 states where Medicaid doesn't pay for elective circumcisions.
Morris's analysis further notes that half of uncircumcised boys and men will require treatment for a medical condition associated with his retained foreskin. Still, while noting the positive health effects of circumcision, could the comparison of the uncircumcised to the unvaccinated be alarmist, and a stretch? Morris doesn't think so.
“Just as vaccination, failure to circumcise will put your son at serious risk of adverse medical conditions and he could indeed die from some of them,” he said. “What's more he will harm others, from sexually transmitted infections which include oncogenic HPV types that cause cervical cancer, a potentially lethal cancer.”
Morris' impassioned stance, while perhaps medically sound, may alienate the very parents he hopes to persuade. Despite headlines to the contrary, and geographical pockets of dissent, national vaccine coverage meets target levels at or above 91 percent. In other words, vaccines are widely accepted. It's not so for circumcisions. And, as Morris concedes, the hands of millions of moms and dads who choose to forgo the scalpel can't be forced.
“Whereas parents can be coerced into vaccination by denying access to childcare for their son, there are fewer inducements to do the right thing and have him circumcised,” he said.
Still, he acknowledges parental choice, and hopes that this risk benefit analysis along with the AAP's affirmative policy statement will have a positive effect on future rates.
“Denial of infant male circumcision is denial of his rights to good health, something that all responsible parents should consider carefully,” he said.
Limited access to laboratories and clinics in underdeveloped regions have left a large portion of the population with no access to medical care. In rural environments, it is not always possible to transport specimens or medication within the necessary time frame for patients to be treated. Therefore, the use of drones for delivery of medication or vaccines have been proposed in various forms in order to improve patient care.
[Image Source: Zipline]
Medical delivery drones are intended to improve on and eventually replace motorized vehicle delivery. The delivery of specimens to and from laboratories and clinics can increase accessibility and potentially save lives.
Drone delivery comes with a few drawbacks, however. The units are expensive and can only carry small payloads. Besides, the range is a fraction of what a motorbike or car can achieve. To increase the range, one must increase the size of the battery. However, this affects the drone negatively by adding weight to it.
[Image Source: Otherlab]
The United States military's experimental technology arm, DARPA, may have found a way to mitigate some of these drawbacks. The organization is currently funding a research project that is investigating the use of disposable drones made out of cardboard.
These 'paper planes' will significantly reduce the cost of the flying units beyond the need for their return. This means that the drone doesn't have to haul batteries for a return trip. Without the need for a return, the drone can travel up to twice the distance.
The cost of the drones is further reduced by taking on the form of a fixed-wing glider. The motorless drones would then have to be launched from an aircraft replacing a parachute package-drop.
[Image Source: Otherlab]
The glider designed by Otherlab contains small electronics to maneuver the glider to its delivery point. In addition, DARPA's Unrecoverable Systems Program ICARUS, in collaboration with Otherlab, intends on constructing the glider out of a mushroom-based material that is biodegradable.
Advertisement
While the glider can't compete with rotary drones in terms of payload and precision, it may be a step towards a more sustainable method of delivery.
[Featured Image Source: Otherlab]
SEE ALSO: Aggressive Maneuvers of An Autonomous Quadcopter
Written by Terry Berman
SCIENTISTS have yet to determine what percentage of art-viewing these days is done through the viewfinder of a camera or a cellphone, but clearly the figure is on the rise. That's why Ruth Fremson, the intrepid photographer for The New York Times who covered the Venice Biennale this summer, returned with so many images of people doing more or less what she was doing: taking pictures of works of art or people looking at works of art. More or less.
Only two of the people in these pictures is using a traditional full-service camera (similar to the ones Ms. Fremson carried with her) and actually holding it to the eye. Everyone else is wielding either a cellphone or a mini-camera and looking at a small screen, which tends to make the framing process much more casual. It is changing the look of photography.
Photo
The ubiquity of cameras in exhibitions can be dismaying, especially when read as proof that most art has become just another photo op for evidence of Kilroy-was-here passing through. More generously, the camera is a way of connecting, participating and collecting fleeting experiences.
For better and for worse, it has become intrinsic to many people's aesthetic responses. (Judging by the number of pictures Ms. Fremson took of people photographing Urs Fischer's life-size statue of the artist Rudolf Stingel as a lighted candle, it is one of the more popular pieces at the Biennale, which runs through Nov. 27.) And the camera's presence in an image can seem part of its strangeness, as with Ms. Fremson's shot of the gentleman photographing a photo-mural by Cindy Sherman that makes Ms. Sherman, costumed as a circus juggler, appear to be posing just for him. She looks more real than she did in the actual installation.
Of course a photograph of a person photographing an artist's photograph of herself playing a role is a few layers of an onion, maybe the kind to be found only among picture-takers at an exhibition.
A new microfluidic method offers a radical shortcut for decoding biomolecular processes, thus paving the way for faster medical tests and diagnostics.
An international collaboration bringing together French and Japanese computer scientists, engineers, physicists and chemists—led by the LIMMS CNRS/University of Tokyo unit—has just developed a valuable new tool for cracking the secrets of biomolecular processes: a device that can test the biochemical reactions of a given set of components in around ten thousand different types of conditionsFermerUsing different proportions of substances or compounds (reagents) to test whether or not a chemical reaction occurs.—simultaneously.
A microfluidics revolution
At the root of this system is microfluidics, a multidisciplinary field that emerged in the early 1980s focused on the manipulation of tiny volumes of liquids (think dozens of picoliters, the volume of a large human cell) and which is already used for inkjet printheads, lab-on-a-chip devices or next-generation sequencing.
Microfluidics—which focuses on tiny volumes of liquids—emerged in the early 1980s. Using microfluidics, the researchers were able to significantly upgrade existing reaction-testing methods, notably by reducing testing time from weeks or months to a matter of days. And this comes as good news for the medical field in particular, as this technique could enhance molecular diagnostics for a wide range of illnesses.
10,000 windows
To better understand chemical processes in living organisms, but also to engineer molecular solutions for various purposes (such as diagnostics), scientists need to understand how a set of reagents will react under a broad range of conditions, i.e., with different concentrations of reagents. For now, such reactions are investigated via computer simulations or laboratory experiments—both of which present drawbacks. Simulations, which often rely on educated guesswork on how molecules behave, may fail to convey the full scope of reality, while hands-on experimentation, even for simple setups, is time-consuming and lengthy (up to months). The new Franco-Japanese technique is able to overcome these drawbacks, churning out ten thousand or so experimental data points, while also slashing the time and effort required for preparation thanks to the minuscule volumes involved in microfluidics, providing results in a matter of days.
This remarkable innovation marks more than two decades of French-Japanese scientific collaboration at the LIMMS, the project's key research unit. Launched on the Komaba campus of the University of Tokyo in 1995, it has so far hosted over 150 French and other European scientists, matching them with Japanese partners. “Regarding this particular project, researchers on the French side—experts in DNA nanotechnologies or molecular engineering—knew little about the possibilities of microfluidics, whereas their Japanese counterparts, microfluidics specialists, were not intimately acquainted with the engineering challenges of our field, namely the need to test a huge number of experimental conditions to get a system to work,” explains LIMMS researcher Anthony Genot, who believes the international and multidisciplinary atmosphere fostered by the unit played a key role in developing this device.
“Our main objective here is to program biochemical networks by drawing inspiration from what occurs in cells,” adds fellow LIMMS researcher Yannick Rondelez. “But even if biochemical networks can compute like electronic circuits, we often don't know exactly how their chemistry works, so we need to test a great variety of experimental conditions.” A pooling of French and Japanese know-how thus helped to build the new device, which now brings to molecular engineering “the many benefits of microfluidics—which include low volume, automation, parallelism, and speed of preparation,” says Rondelez.
A small platform with big prospects
Concretely, the device—elaborated in the Applied Microfluidic Systems Laboratory (led by Teruo Fujii) at the Institute of Industrial Science in Tokyo—consists in a platform that generates a myriad of uniform, micrometer-sized droplets, each containing random concentrations of given reagents. After sandwiching and immobilizing a single layer of droplets between glass slides, a microscope reads fluorescent markers associated with the reagents, revealing the chemical conditions in each droplet. The microscope images paint a colorful array of dots that progressively metamorphose—like a kaleidoscope—as reactions individually unfold in droplets.
Not only does the device yield high-resolution maps that inform on the dynamics of reactions and their optimal conditions, it also reveals experimental subtleties so far only hypothesized through computer simulations. “Furthermore, since we tested highly nonlinear systems that are some of the most complex we can create, this method should also apply to most biochemical protocols, whose behavior is mathematically far simpler,” Genot specifies.
The microscope images paint a colorful array of dots that progressively metamorphose—like a kaleidoscope. For now, the versatile system has proven its capacity to chart reactions in ten thousand droplets at a time—a far higher throughput than offered by today's existing protocols able to collect around ten to one hundred data points per day. Ten thousand may already seem dizzying enough, but researchers aim to multiply the figure many times over in the future. The team's initial experiments relied on a confocal microscope that provides high-quality images but operates relatively slowly. By migrating to a quicker microscope, Genot expects that the system could “measure hundreds of thousands, or even a million reactions at once.”
Among potential applications, the team foresees the optimization of enzymatic reactions for molecular diagnostics. This is the case for the ubiquitous PCR (polymerase chain reaction) method that amplifies traces of DNA to detect the presence of viruses, bacteria or certain types of cancers from biopsies or blood samples. “Whenever the diagnosis of a cancer or another illness requires a complex chemical protocol, such as the simultaneous detection of several DNAs, our method can contribute to improving the procedure,” Genot explains.
Apart from diagnostics, Rondelez adds that the device also accommodates a current trend in biotechnological and medical fields—in genomics for example—to have recourse to “increasingly complicated enzyme cocktails to manipulate and analyze DNA. The development of these systems requires the simultaneous balancing of several reagent concentrations—which is precisely what our device can do.”
As they continue to explore the wide potential of this device in high-throughput enzymology, the French-Japanese team will now also be turning its attention to streamlining the platform, namely by simplifying its use and upping its capacity to the million-droplet mark. Now that the LIMMS has harnessed microfluidics for the detailed mapping of biochemical processes, hopefully it won't be too long until diagnostics improved by their high-speed technique reach a medical center near you.
We never expected the outrage over the design of a hamburger emoji to bubble up to the point where Google's CEO had to personally intervene, but such is 2017. And today, our long cheese-on-bun global nightmare comes to an end with the public release of Android Oreo 8.1, which fixes the unappetizing glyph.
Android 8.1 also adds a new beer emoji, which no longer sees frothing foam inexplicably remain at the top of the mug after half the beer has been downed.
Here's what the offending emoji looked like in 8.0:
Would you go to a joint like this? No.
Here are the much-improved new characters in 8.1:
Google's new burger emoji now follows Microsoft's approach of patty-cheese-tomato-lettuce. This is far more acceptable, though personally I applaud LG for holding the tomato.
Spare a thought for Samsung owners
The next time you use your Pixel 2 XL to suggest meeting friends for burgers and drinks, think of what it took to get to this point. And spare a thought for the Samsung owners in your group, who'll still have to deal with an even more ridiculous character that puts lettuce between the cheese and the patty.
Android Oreo 8.1 is rolling out today (Tuesday) depending on where you are in the world, and comes alongside the new lightweight “Go” edition that manufacturers can choose to install on low-spec phones.
Aside from emergency emoji fixes, 8.1 enables support for the Visual Core image processing chip found in the new Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL, letting third-party developers access the camera's impressive HDR+ feature. The update will be available for all Pixel phones as well as the Pixel C tablet, the Nexus 5X, and the Nexus 6P.
One of the neat features in Common Lisp is that any program can register a new reader macro that will read from the input stream when it sees some character. A good example of where this is useful and well implemented is Edi Weitz's :cl-interpol. This library allows you to, for any given file, declare that you want to read phrases that begin with #? as a interpolated.
For example: #?"${name} is coming over for ${event}" #?/\d{3}(-|\.|\s)\d{3}(-|\.|\s)\d{4}/ ;creates a regular expression
This can be a wonderful time saver and can be quite a bit easier on the eyes than a serious format. However, these reader syntaxes can be good and bad. Many library authors include them by default and they are enabled when the package is loaded. The reader syntaxes are not bound by packages (because the readtable is global). This has the downside of your code randomly ceasing to work based on some vagary of library load order and which reader syntax you expect to be enabled.
I had problems when loading LISA into an application for the first time because it stomped my :cl-interpol file-level reader declaration and kept stomping it. No amount of reevalution seemed to provide reliable results as to which of the two syntaxes were enabled. I finally found where in the LISA config to disable that syntax, which allowed me to work around the conflict.
I had a similar experience when trying to use :cl-mediawiki in a project for the first time. CL-MediaWiki used to use of the :cl-unification #T reader macro which enabled a template engine to ease unification. (Now it uses the make-template function). When I added cl-mediawiki to my projects dependancy list and started to use it, it failed utterly. The reason? Apparently Closure-HTML has a reader syntax defined and enabled for #T. Both of these libraries add this syntax as part of their standard load. This leaves the end user completely unable to use your library (or forcing them to patch it) if it stomps on existing reader-syntaxes that they have enabled.
My suggesstion would be to follow Edi's example and allow the end user to enable a syntax on a perfile level (at least) and have the syntaxes disabled by default. This allows the user to decide when and where they use your handy syntax without frustrating them along the way. Also as best I can tell, following Edi's example is always safe and good advise.
The Canadian Rangers, the Canadian Armed Forces Reserve in isolated areas, are now testing the new weapons that will replace the Lee-Enfield rifles, used since the group's inception in 1947.
Rangers were issued the old Lee-Enfields when the military had a surplus after the Second World War, but that stockpile has now been depleted, according to Maj. Carl Gendron, who is overseeing the replacement.
Colt Canada will supply 6,820 new rifles to the Canadian Rangers by 2019. The weapons are a variation of the Finnish-made Tikka T3 CTR that will be built under licence at the Colt plant in Kitchener, Ont.
"You cannot not like this weapon — it's a top tier weapon," Gendron said. "It's one of the best in the world in that price range so there's no problem with that. I'm 100 per cent confident they [Rangers] are going to love it."
Colt Canada has the licence to make this variant of the Tikka T3 CTR rifle for the Canadian Rangers. More than 6,800 new weapons will be in the hands of the Rangers by 2019. (Colt Canada) Rangers need their weapons for self-defence against large predators and to live off the land, he said, so a model of a polar bear was created and used as part of the testing.
"We're confident that the rifle can stop a polar bear with the ammunition that we're providing, that was also tested," Gendron said. The weapon also passed tests for accuracy, making them good for hunting when Rangers need food while on patrol in the North.
The preliminary cost estimate for the replacement project is $28 million or $4,000 per rifle, he said. That cost includes everything from development and testing to additional equipment, including hard and soft cases for the weapons and a two-year supply — almost two million rounds — of ammunition.
"The gun will be extremely reliable because it's made of stainless steel," Gendron said. "It's very corrosion resistant. We tested it specifically for use in the North in adverse conditions."
The rifle was tested to NATO standards, he said, including a test to ensure it would function at –51 C and would not accidentally fire when dropped. It was also adapted specifically for use by Rangers.
The trigger guard was enlarged and the sensitivity of the trigger changed so it can be used with gloves, Gendron said, and a system of sights, up to 600 metres, was added.
More than 125 new rifles are already being used by Rangers and will be in the field next month in Operation Nanook, the annual military exercise by Joint Task Force North, being held this year in Fort Smith, N.W.T.
WALLDORF — In an effort to support the highest standards of openness and development in the area of product lifecycle management (PLM), SAP has signed the Codex of PLM Openness (CPO). SAP has been involved in the development of CPO since its onset and is committed to both implementing the CPO requirements in product development and supporting the future development of the initiative.
The CPO defines criteria for the openness of IT solutions used in PLM in order to help ensure that data created throughout the product life cycle can be used throughout the business as well. ProSTEP iViP has driven the CPO in close cooperation with PLM software users, PLM software vendors and implementation partners. The initiative describes a common understanding of the openness of systems in the context of PLM.
Because SAP holds openness to be an essential element in its solution strategy, the elements of the CPO are vital to the company's developments in PLM software. SAP respects the need for openness in information systems for customers in order to assist them in their best long-term IT strategy, and has been committed to this goal for over 40 years, both in its broad product portfolio and as a major PLM software vendor. The SAP PLM application is a source code open system that offers a variety of open interfaces through which other systems can be linked to help ensure data consistency and an integrated process flow.
“As a software provider, it is important for us to be a trusted partner for our customers, working together in their often heterogeneous and complex system landscapes,” said Hans Thalbauer, senior vice president, Solution Management, SAP PLM. “Openness is therefore a natural design goal for SAP and has been a part of our PLM systems for many years. With our customers and partners, through these efforts we have expanded the common benefit. The Codex of PLM Openness is an important initiative to all those with a common basic understanding of openness provided by IT systems.”
For more information, visit the SAP Newsroom. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews.
Media Contact:
Janice Edman, +1 (650) 223-4817, janice.edman@sap.com, PDT
REP. SANDER LEVIN:
That's not true at all.
By the way, you mentioned the efforts to tie this to the White House. That's what Mr. Mica, Dave Camp, Senator Hatch and others, they have talked about. Dave Camp at the hearing, this first hearing, talked about a culture of cover-up within the administration. Zero evidence of that, and there never has been such evidence.
And we never said that the use of these inappropriate criteria, that that use was minor. Indeed, as I said earlier, I was among the first to say that those in responsible positions should be relieved of their responsibilities.
No, there were inappropriate criteria. They applied both to liberal and conservative organizations, more to conservative organizations, because they had filed many more applications for 501(c)(4). And there is a legitimate concern about the use of 501(c)(4)s, because they're supposed to relate to social welfare predominantly, and you have today out in the public the use of 501(c)(4)s for essentially political purposes.
From 2006 to 2012, in 2006, there were a million dollars used reported to the FEC for political purposes by 501(c)(4). That jumped to $250 million by 2012. Half of it came from Karl Rove and Koch brother organizations.
So there's a legitimate concern, but we never said that the use of these criteria, inappropriately so, was minor. We never said that.
A scholarship named after the photographer Vivian Maier has been established at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. Through donations from Ravine Pictures' John Maloof and Charlie Siskel and the art gallerist Howard Greenberg, the Vivian Maier Scholarship will offer funding to female, need-based students currently enrolled at SAIC. There will be no application process, nor any restrictions on specific degree programs, year of study or form of artwork being produced. This will be an annual award that the School hopes will grow and can be offered to as many students as possible. The first of the scholarships will be awarded in the 2014-2015 academic year.
During her lifetime, Vivian Maier was an unknown artist who worked as a nanny and lived so privately that piecing together the woman behind her work has proven to be a frustratingly enigmatic chore. After her death in 2009, more than 100,000 negatives were discovered, and her photographs documenting city street life have ascended swiftly into the canon of twentieth-century photography history. Exhibitions, books and a feature-length documentary “Finding Vivian Maier” have made her practice a highly visible one. Donors to the fund Maloof and Siskel were the directors of the documentary that has been released around the country this year. Maloof is a former real estate agent who discovered the work that Maier left behind. Donor Howard Greenberg's gallery exhibits and deals Maier's prints, and together with Maloof and Siskel seek to invest some of the success they've seen through sharing Maier's photographs into new generations of artists.
There is commendable symmetry in starting a fund to support young female artists in the name of a woman who produced work in utter obscurity. Through providing financial aid to the particular recipients it targets, the fund can help ensure new generations of artists can find the support and celebration of their work that with Maier's photographs has only been a posthumous discovery. (Matt Morris)
Goalies and a new building, forwards and a new scoreboard, a T-shirt, a new team and two hilarious guys producing some memorable skits. They're all featured in our look at 12 first-quarter breakout stars in the NHL:
Andrei Vasilevskiy , Tampa Bay Lightning
Vasilevskiy, who is 23 years old and in his first full season as Tampa Bay's No. 1 goalie, is an early top candidate for the Vezina Trophy. He is first in the NHL in wins (15), and has a 2.32 goals-against average, a .929 save percentage.
Coach Jon Cooper said Vasilevskiy has been the Lightning's most valuable player, which is saying something because Tampa Bay also has the NHL's top two scorers in Steven Stamkos (36 points) and Nikita Kucherov (33 points).
Video: CHI@TBL: Vasilevskiy makes an unbelievable pad save
Vegas Golden Knights
The Golden Knights, the League's 31st team, are riding a seven-game home winning streak a quarter of the way through their inaugural season, allowing them to be firmly entrenched in a Stanley Cup Playoff position and on pace for more than 100 points.
That the Golden Knights are on pace to be the best expansion team in NHL history, better than the 1993-94 Florida Panthers, who had 83 points, is even more startling when you consider they have already used five goalies, the most of any team in the League this season.
What if, as Vegas' social media team questioned on its edgy Twitter account Sunday, this isn't a fluke and the Golden Knights really are just a good team?
The boys from "On the Bench"
Characters Olly Postanin and Jacob Ardown, otherwise known as Steven Campbell and Ryan Russell, a pair of Alberta-born and -raised hockey fanatics, have brought their physical and edgy humor into the hockey's pop culture with their web-based series "On the Bench," where they teach the "fundies" (fundamentals) to star NHL players in various "eppies" (episodes).
Olly and Jacob, donning a mixture of western wear, old-school hockey gear and sweaters, have tried to teach Winnipeg Jets center Mark Scheifele how to "grease the stick" to win a face-off and Buffalo Sabres center Jack Eichel how to work on his "wristy" so he can go "bar down into the top corns."
They played a game of 2-on-2 against Dallas Stars forwards Tyler Seguin and Jamie Benn, worked with Golden Knights goalie Marc-Andre Fleury on techniques for clearing the traffic in front of him, and went over various "fundies" with Los Angeles Kings forwards Jeff Carter, Tyler Toffoli and Kyle Clifford.
They get schooled in every video by the NHL players, who show no remorse either for Olly and Jacob's lack of skill.
The videos have become a social media sensation. "On the Bench" has more than 311,000 followers on Instagram, more than 125,000 on Facebook, more than 31,500 on YouTube, more than 23,500 on Twitter and more than 30,000 on Snapchat.
Video: Mark Scheifele gets face-off tips from On The Bench
Jaden Schwartz , St. Louis Blues
Ask around about Schwartz, the Blues' 5-foot-10, 190-pound left wing, and you'll hear coaches, players, executives and scouts praise him for his combination of skill, grit and intelligence. But not until this season has he been treated as an elite forward, a potential Hart Trophy candidate.
Schwartz has moved up the ladder, going from a good top-six player to a front-line scorer this season. He has 30 points (11 goals, 19 assists) in 22 games, putting him among the offensive leaders this season in multiple categories.
Schwartz is on pace for moré than 100 points. His previous NHL career-high was 63 points (28 goals, 35 assists) in 75 games in the 2014-15 season.
Prudential Center's scoreboard
It's massive.
That's the guaranteed first reaction you'll have when you see the new scoreboard hanging above center ice (and basically the entire neutral zone) inside Prudential Center, home of the New Jersey Devils. It is the largest in-arena, center-hung scoreboard in the world, according to the Devils.
The scoreboard, designed by Trans-Lux, an LED solutions company, weighs 88,401 pounds, covers 9,584.9 square feet and is nearly four stories tall when measured from the bottom of the barge to the top of the main frame.
The video screens in the scoreboard are equivalent in square footage to 1,300 50-inch televisions. One of the four main screens on the scoreboard is nine times the size of any of the screens on the previous scoreboard that hung above center ice in Prudential Center.
Connor Hellebuyck , Winnipeg Jets
The Jets may finally have their goalie of the present and the future.
Hellebuyck, 24, is playing like a real No. 1 and has essentially run away with a job that was thought to be Steve Mason's to lose going into the season. Mason has struggled (2-3-1, 3.31 goals-against average, .907 save percentage), but Hellebuyck (11-2-2, 2.45 GAA, .925 save percentage) has is among the League leaders in all the major statistical categories for goalies.
Hellebuyck can be a restricted free agent after the season, meaning he's in line for a big payday.
Video: ARI@WPG: Hellebuyck snags Stepan's wrist shot
Little Caesars Arena
Oh, how far the Detroit Red Wings have come from Joe Louis Arena. Their new home, Little Caesars Arena, is a modern-day paradise complete with every amenity you could want compared to the building they called home from 1979-2017.
Little Caesars Arena cost $863 million to build. It features two outdoor plazas, four restaurants, seven clubs, a glass-enclosed concourse making you feel like you're on an indoor city street, a 600-foot video screen that wraps the arena, an LED grid ceiling, a 5,100-square foot scoreboard, a 25,000-square foot locker room area for the Red Wings, a players' family lounge, built-in practice facility and historic artifacts from former homes, Olympia Stadium and Joe Louis Arena.
Anthony Mantha , Detroit Red Wings
The Red Wings might as well usher in a new core of potential star players along with their new arena. Mantha looks like he'll be a fixture of the new-era Red Wings.
Mantha has 19 points (10 goals, nine assists) through 22 games. He's been the prototypical power forward the Red Wings need him to be, skilled with great hands and unafraid to go to the net, to throw around his 6-foot-5, 225-pound body and to drop the gloves if necessary.
Arguably his biggest impact has come on the power play. Mantha leads the Red Wings with five power-play goals and seven power-play points. He had 36 points (17 goals, 19 assists), including one power-play goal and three power-play points, in 60 games last season.
Video: CGY@DET: Mantha deflects home his second PPG
Clayton Keller , Arizona Coyotes
Keller has been one of the few bright spots in what has been an otherwise difficult first quarter for the Coyotes. He leads Arizona and all rookies in goals (11). He also leads the Coyotes in points (20) and has been at or near the top of the leaders among rookies in that category all season as well.
The Coyotes were hoping that Keller would make an immediate impact, but few could have predicted his impact would be as significant as it has been. Max Domi, who plays on Arizona's top line with Keller and center Derek Stepan, said Keller reminds him of a younger version of Patrick Kane, who won the Calder Trophy in 2008 with the Chicago Blackhawks.
Mathew Barzal , New York Islanders
In Barzal, a 20-year-old rookie, it appears the Islanders finally have a No. 2 center to play behind captain John Tavares. Now all they have to do is lock up Tavares to keep the 1-2 punch intact for years to come.
Barzal has climbed into the Calder Trophy conversation and into a tie with Keller for second place in rookie scoring by making an impact in almost every game, including his five-assist performance in a 6-4 win against the Colorado Avalanche on Nov. 5.
Islanders coach Doug Weight said Barzal plays like someone who wants to be a star. He's on his way.
Video: PHI@NYI: Barzal roofs wrist shot past Elliott for PPG
Ryan Reaves , Pittsburgh Penguins
Reave isn't on this list for what he has done on the ice, although he's been the shot of energy and adrenaline the Penguins hoped he would be when they acquired him in a trade from the St. Louis Blues on June 23. Instead, Reaves makes this list for what he has done to teammate Phil Kessel.
It started when Reaves pranked Kessel by donning a frightening mask and scaring the wits out of Kessel on Oct. 27. Reaves posted a video of the scene to his Twitter account (@rreaves75) and told Sportsnet he did the same thing to former Blues teammate Scott Gomez.
Next came the game of one-on-one basketball in the parking lot outside the Penguins' practice facility. Reaves said Kessel challenged him, but didn't stand a chance.
Then, during a segment with Scott Oake on Sportsnet after a game at the Vancouver Canucks on Nov. 4, Reaves wore a T-shirt with a picture of Kessel superimposed over Michael Jackson's from the "Thriller" album cover.
Reaves told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette that he has more Kessel-themed T-shirts coming.
Sean Couturier , Philadelphia Flyers
Moving captain Claude Giroux to left wing and putting Couturier between him and Jakub Voracek started as a preseason experiment by Flyers coach Dave Hakstol. It has become a fixture, in part because Couturier's offensive game is finally flourishing in his seventh NHL season.
Known primarily as a shutdown center for most of his first six seasons, Couturier is now an offensive force with 23 points (12 goals, 11 assists) in 22 games, putting him on pace for 86 this season.
Couturier never had more than 39 points in any of his previous seasons. At his current pace, he should have at least 40 by Christmas.
Tim Sherwood (left) could replace Tony Pulis at Crystal Palace (Picture: Getty Images)
Tim Sherwood is favourite to be named as Tony Pulis' replacement at Crystal Palace.
According to The Sun, the former Tottenham Hotspur manager has held talks with Palace co-chairman Steve Parish about the vacant managerial role at Selhurst Park, and is the club's leading candidate for the job.
Other managers who have been linked to the role with the Premier League side include Neil Lennon, former Manchester United boss David Moyes and Malky Mackay – who was the bookies' early favourite.
Palace are searching for a new manager just two days before the start of the 2014/15 Premier League season after Pulis left the London-based side by ‘mutual consent' when he reportedly fell out with Parish over transfer funds.
Pulis' potential replacement at Palace, Sherwood, was sacked by Tottenham at the end of last season despite leading the White Hart Lane outfit to a sixth-placed finish in the league last term.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The 45-year-old had been promoted to Spurs manager from technical co-ordinator after Andre Villas-Boas had been axed as head coach midway through last season.
Palace kick off their Premier League campaign against Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday evening.
MORE: Chelsea want Loic Remy, Sami Khedira and Mehdi Benatia in triple transfer deal
Having designed the Peugeot 905 and later the 908 HDi FAP, Paolo Catone is a man of challenge. (En Français)
The Italian's new task has been the design of the BR01 from BR Engineering, which is on track to make its debut in the 2015 FIA World Endurance Championship with SMP Racing.
While the Russian-backed LMP2 project has faced recent manufacturing delays, Catone is still confident of the car breaking cover early next year, ahead of an intensive pre-season testing and development program.
“We're doing our best to be at the rendezvous,” Catone told Endurance-Info. “It's a bit more complicated than expected but it's the [oddities] of building a new car. With subcontractors also working for Formula One and large manufacturers, it creates some long delays. A week late for them adds up to a three-week delay for us.
“We have a little less time for the final tests. However, the goal remains unchanged even if the period is quite short. Given the timing, it will be a big challenge for us. We will be operational in January for the assembly of the car, which will be in France.”
One of the challenges faced with the upstart BR Engineering squad, which recently relocated from Italy to the South of France, has been securing all of the necessary components for the car's build.
“We have subcontractors scattered everywhere,” Catone said. “With Peugeot, everything was done in 365 days, not one day more. But the means [for this project] is not the same. Here, we're not talking about LMP1.
“Human resources is also different. We had to find suppliers and coordinate everything. Building a LMP2 is less complicated than LMP1.”
While some manufacturers, such as ORECA, have opted to build prototypes around a monocoque that could be used for both LMP1 and LMP2, the BR01 has been specifically designed and optimized for LMP2 only.
“The BR01 is the first real new LMP2 car,” Catone said. “From the beginning, the project was focused on LMP2. Today we're at 900 kg. We can't go to LMP1-L with the same car as that should be 800 kg.
“We could redo the monocoque with zylon to save 20 or 30 kg but this is an investment in itself. I asked the customer at the beginning of the project. If we had to do both, it would be very expensive and not necessarily optimized for the other.
“If you go to LMP1, it would be with another project that would be from scratch using the knowledge that we know.”
Despite a recent increase in the sale of a cost-capped car, Catone admits the project will likely not turn a profit unless they are able to sell a significant number of cars to customers.
“With a 450,000 Euro [cost cap], a manufacturer doesn't make money,” he said. “The only place possible is with spares. And you have to sell between eight to ten cars to start making money.
“BR Engineering hopes to sell cars but it's not the primary goal.”
However, that hasn't ruled out the potential of still seeing some customers cars, as SMP Racing team principal Boris Rotenberg previously revealed that they are in discussions with teams on both sides of the Atlantic.
Catone, meanwhile, confirms the BR01 has already seen significant development since the initial wind tunnel model pictures, which were released earlier this month.
“The 2015 season will serve as a learning season,” Catone said. “If the car is competitive, it will advertise itself.”
The tale of Harvey Weinstein is now a thread that has tangled its way through Hollywood, connecting women, mostly actresses, in a depressingly common way. We all seem to have a Harvey story, each one a little different but with essentially the same nauseating pattern and theme. Women were bullied, cajoled, manipulated, and worse, and then punished.
My Harvey story is different, mostly because of timing. I was in one of the first films that Weinstein produced. I accepted a supporting role in a small movie based on “Loser Takes All,” the short novel by Graham Greene. I was twenty years old. The idea of playing a supporting role in a small British movie appealed to me after having just made a big splash in the John Hughes movies. Plus, I was an enormous fan of Greene's writing. When we began filming, in France, I was warned about the producer, but I had never heard of him and had no reason to fear him. The feeling on the set was that he and his brother Bob were becoming powerful and were difficult to work with, and that it was inadvisable to cross them. During a dinner at the Chèvre d'Or, in a tiny medieval village, there was a tense, awkward moment when Harvey became testy toward our British co-workers and accused them of thinking of us Americans as just the “little guys in the colonies.” It was sort of meant as a joke, I suppose, but it made everyone cringe, and all I could think was that the guy was volatile.
Thankfully, I wasn't cajoled into a taxi, nor did I have to turn down giving or getting a massage. I was lucky. Or perhaps it was because, at that moment in time, I was the one with more power. “The English Patient,” Weinstein's first Best Picture winner, was still a few years away. The worst I had to contend with was performing new pages that Harvey had someone else write, which were not in the script; my co-star, Robert Lindsay, and I had signed off to do a film adapted and directed by one person, and then were essentially asked to turn our backs on him and film scenes that were not what we had agreed to. We hadn't even finished filming, and the movie was already being taken away from the director.
After that, the film was completely taken away, recut, and retitled. Weinstein named it “Strike It Rich,” because he insisted that Americans couldn't stand to have the word “loser” in a title. He also changed the poster: he had my head stuck onto another body, dressed in a form-fitting, nineteen-fifties-pinup-style dress, with a hand reaching out to accept a diamond, like Marilyn Monroe in “Gentlemen Prefer Blondes.” I wouldn't have posed for a picture like that, since it had nothing to do with the character I portrayed; it struck me as ridiculous false advertising. (I was always a little mystified that Harvey had a reputation as a great tastemaker when he seemed so noticeably lacking in taste himself. But he did have a knack for hiring people who had it, and I figured that's what passes for taste in Hollywood.) In any case, the film tanked. I had a percentage of the gross, and, as it turned out, you still make money if you have a gross percentage. I found this out about a year later, when my lawyer called to tell me that I had been denied the percentage owed to me. She asked if it was O.K. if she went after the Weinsteins. I ended up suing them for the money, which I got, and I never worked with Harvey or the company again.
While my own Harvey story may be different, I have had plenty of Harveys of my own over the years, enough to feel a sickening shock of recognition. When I was thirteen, a fifty-year-old crew member told me that he would teach me to dance, and then proceeded to push against me with an erection. When I was fourteen, a married film director stuck his tongue in my mouth on set. At a time when I was trying to figure out what it meant to become a sexually viable young woman, at every turn some older guy tried to help speed up the process. And all this went on despite my having very protective parents who did their best to shield me. I shudder to think of what would have happened had I not had them.
In my twenties, I was blindsided during an audition when I was asked by the director, in a somewhat rhetorical manner, to let the lead actor put a dog collar around my neck. This was not remotely in the pages I had studied; I could not even fathom how it made sense in the story. The actor was a friend of mine, and I looked in his eyes with panic. He looked back at me with an “I'm really sorry” expression on his face as his hands reached out toward my neck. I don't know if the collar ever made it on me, because that's the closest I've had to an out-of-body experience. I'd like to think that I just walked out, but, more than likely, there's an old VHS tape, disintegrating in a drawer somewhere, of me trying to remember lines with a dog collar around my neck in front of a young man I once had a crush on. I sobbed in the parking lot and, when I got home and called my agent to tell him what happened, he laughed and said, “Well, I guess that's one for the memoirs. . . .” I fired him and moved to Paris not long after.
In the upstairs dressing room at the Georgia Theater in Athens, Ga., in January, Alabama Shakes was getting restless. The band was about to perform songs from its second album, “Sound & Color,” for the first time, and the room was full of distractions. Friends and relatives had driven over from Alabama: cousins and uncles, wives and girlfriends, crying babies and unrestrained toddlers. Sippy cups and spilled Cheerios were scattered everywhere.
Off to one side, Brittany Howard, the 26-year-old lead singer, stared into the middle distance, listening to the new tracks on her headphones, concentrating on the sections that had given her trouble in rehearsal. She got the last touch-ups on her makeup and hair, a sort of Mohawk-bouffant cropped close on the sides, her bouncy curls left free to run wild on the top, and slipped into her show boots: ankle-high burgundy suede.
As the band made its way toward the stairwell that connected the dressing room to the stage, the backup gospel singers, a first-time luxury, followed close behind. The procession moved slowly down the six flights of steel and concrete, which formed a sort of vertical echo chamber. The singers ran scales as they descended, and invited Howard to join them, to take advantage of the acoustics and the last few remaining seconds to prep her vocal cords.
“I don't really know how to warm up,” she said, laughing. Maybe she was joking. Maybe not. Then, as if to punctuate the point, she let loose a guttural roar that reverberated up and down the stairwell. She laughed again just before she walked through the door to the stage, where a thousand fans screamed at the first glimpse of her. Then she turned around and shouted the University of Alabama rally cry back to the musicians assembled in the stairwell, at the top of her lungs: “ROLLLLLL TIDE!”
It's about time MLS watchers started talking about Aaron Maund.
Maund began the season as Real Salt Lake's fourth-string center back, but lately he's been playing out of his mind, providing a steady presence in the center of defense.
All it took was a little bit of rhythm.
Drafted 12th overall by Toronto FC in the 2012 SuperDraft after a solid NCAA career at Notre Dame, a year later Maund was traded to RSL, where the 24-year old struggled to find consistent playing time behind the likes of iron men Nat Borchers and Chris Schuler.
Maund played only 702 minutes in his first two seasons. But injuries to starters Schuler and Jamison Olave have given the Boston native an opportunity to play a key defensive role.
He has already more than doubled his career minutes with the club, logging 714 minutes in league play alone and starting every single match for RSL since May 27, save for a sixth-minute substitute appearance in replace of an injured Olave on June 7.
Maund was asked earlier this week about the increased load and whether it's affecting him.
“I feel fine,” Maund said. “I've been doing all the right things off the field. I'm still young, so I don't think it's not too hard on my body. It's actually been nice getting into a little rhythm, which has been good for me. It's beneficial.”
Because of the many injuries to their defenders, RSL have been forced to shuffle their lineups almost every single match. Despite the game of musical chairs taking place in front of goal, the defense haven't skipped a beat, and Maund's play is a big reason for that. In fact, RSL have allowed just seven goals in the nine matches in which Maund has been on the field.
“I've been playing with these guys in and out of preseason, and we've learned each other and I know all of their little nuances and stuff like that,” Maund said. “So it's been pretty comfortable back there with the rotation that we need to use.”
Catch more Claret-and-Cobalt news at RealSaltLake.com
RSL head coach Jeff Cassar praised Maund's recent play, saying it's not easy for players to step in and perform at such a high level. RSL's skipper pointed to a couple of reasons for the center back's coming-out party.
“I think it's a combination of a lot of things,” Cassar said. “I think now he's in a nice rhythm. It's not easy to get guys that don't play consecutive games. A lot of times they have to step in, do really well, then they're out for a little while. But Aaron's now got himself into a nice groove.
“Whereas [in the past] Aaron would play a very good game and maybe make a mistake that would cost us at times, he's eliminating that from his game and I think that's really pushed him into a different level right now.”
With a newfound confidence in his game, Maund is grateful to the RSL coaching staff for giving him the opportunity to show what he's got.
“It's nice to have confidence from the coaches, for sure,” he said. “I think that whenever you get a chance to be on the field and they stick with you, it's good. You get into a rhythm. You get a little bit of confidence. It goes a long way.”
The pile-on of Rep. Todd Akin was swift and harsh Monday as video of Akin discussing the benign effects of "legitimate rape" on women shot across TV and computer screens. But a handful of people and organizations—from conservative Republicans to liberal Democrats—have remained silent or even praised the congressman, holding out hope that he would remain in the race against Claire McCaskill in the U.S. Senate.
For abortion opponents, bailing on the staunchly anti-abortion Akin after years of 100 percent ratings from the National Right to Life made no sense, especially when his comments came as he clumsily defended unborn children who are the result of rape.
Marjorie Dannenfelser, the president of the anti-abortion Susan B. Anthony List, condemned Akin's comments about rape specifically, but did not go after the congressman personally. "Todd Akin ... has a record of voting to protect human life. His opponent does not," she said in a statement. "Congressman Akin has been an excellent partner in the fight for the unborn."
Connie Mackey, the president of Family Research Council Action PAC, flatly said Republicans who are trying to push Akin out of the race have no "backbone."
“We feel this is a case of gotcha politics,” she told Politico. “We know who Todd Akin is because we've worked with him up on the Hill. He's a defender of life. He's a defender of families. This is just a controversy built up, it looks as though, to support his opposition. Claire McCaskill on the other hand has supported Planned Parenthood all these years ... Todd Akin is getting a very bad break here. We support him fully and completely.”
As abortion opponents stood up for Akin, the majority of the national Republican establishment did just the opposite, sounding a growing drumbeat to get the wounded Akin to leave the Senate race. The first to strike were Mitt Romney and his pro-life running mate, Paul Ryan, who put out a statement Sunday night saying that a Romney-Ryan administration would not oppose abortion in the case of rape, even though Ryan has opposed abortion in the past in all instances except to protect the life of the mother.
By Monday morning, Romney escalated his language, calling Akin's comments "insulting, inexcusable, and, frankly, wrong." Within hours, Sens. Scott Brown, a moderate, and Ron Johnson, a Tea Party–backed conservative, had both called on Akin to leave the race "for the good of the nation," while Sen. John Cornyn, the powerful leader of the Republicans' campaign efforts to take back the Senate, personally told Akin that national Republicans would not be supporting his candidacy and planned to cancel $5 million of ad buys that had been in the works to boost Akin's run against McCaskill in the fall.
Cornyn went public, too, saying that, "Over the next 24 hours, Congressman Akin should carefully consider what is best for him, his family, the Republican Party, and the values that he cares about and has fought for throughout his career in public service."
For Cornyn, the Romney campaign and other Republican leaders, the real problem with Akin's comments were less about semantics and more about raw politics, Republican aides tell The Daily Beast. Women made up 54 percent of voters in Missouri in 2008, and 53 percent of the electorate nationwide.
Before Akin's comments, he was considered a virtual lock to beat McCaskill and get the GOP one seat closer to the four they need to win control of the U.S. Senate. But after Akin's name became synonymous with "legitimate rape" overnight, top GOP leaders made the calculation that Missouri, and thus the Senate and possibly even the White House, could be outside of their reach with Akin on the ticket.
Not only would his continued presence ensure that Akin, not McCaskill, was the focal point in the Missouri Senate race, but Akin also would keep the issue of abortion and women's health front and center in the campaign in a year when Republicans want to focus on jobs, the economy, and Barack Obama's record on both. With a double-digit gender gap already favoring Democrats, Republicans decided the damage that Akin could continue to inflict on the party in the future was not worth the risk of protecting him now.
As loud as Republican leaders were in their calls for Akin to leave the race Monday, national Democratic leaders were as conspicuous in their silence, even as they vocally condemned Akin and his comments about rape.
But why would Democrats take it easy on Akin when he is so close to falling? For the same reason that Republicans are piling on—pure politics.
With Akin on the ticket, Democrats believe they now have the perfect ultra-extreme opponent for the moderate McCaskill, a former prosecutor who tried hundreds of rape cases in her past career. They also have a poster boy for the Tea Party image they want to paint on Romney, Ryan, and the GOP, all in an effort to win over female and independent voters.
DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz sent a letter to supporters Monday, pointing to Akin as representative of the entire GOP's attitude toward women. "Akin's choice of words isn't the real issue here. The real issue is a Republican party—led by Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan—whose policies on women and their health are dangerously wrong."
In a separate letter, the chairwoman of the DSCC, Patty Murray, called Akin's views "repulsive," but instead of calling for him to leave the race, Murray asked supporters for $25 to "make sure that reckless, fanatic Todd Akin agenda never gets to the Senate."
But it was Claire McCaskill who became one of the few people Monday to say that the suddenly toxic Akin should be able to stay in the race and face her in November.
"What's startling to me is that (Republican) Party bigwigs are coming down on him and saying that he needs to kick sand in the face of all the primary voters," McCaskill said at a campaign event in suburban St. Louis, according to the AP. "I want Missourians to make a choice in this election based on policy, not backroom politics."
Ironically, the only other person who seemed to agree with McCaskill was Akin himself.
In an interview with Mike Huckabee, Akin apologized for calling any sort of rape "legitimate," but said he believed he should be forgiven for what he said.
"The good people of Missouri nominated me, and I'm not a quitter," Akin told Huckabee. "To quote my old friend John Paul Jones, I have not yet begun to fight."
Could the short-lived United Arab Republic serve as an example of cross-border union? [GALLO/GETTY]
The modern geography of the Middle East was carved out by British and French colonialists whose sole interest was in sharing the spoils of war between themselves and in maintaining their supremacy over the region in the early part of the 20th century.
The contours of the region, with its immaculately straight lines (see maps of Algeria, Libya, Egypt and Sudan) are much the same today as when they were first drawn up, despite decades of cross-border encroachment and conflict.
Never has an imported concept been so jealously guarded by ruling families and political elites in the Middle East as that of the nation state, together with the holy grail of international relations theory, state sovereignty.
The artificialness of the borders in question is not in doubt. Take a look at any map of the Middle East prior to the 1916 Sykes-Picot Agreement between Britain and France (when the division of the region was finalised with no consideration for the thoughts of the people that lived in it) and you will be hard pressed to find many physical boundaries between, say, Syria to the north-east and Morocco to the west.
What you may find, however, are free-flowing train routes spanning the region. A relic of the old Hejaz Railway, which connected Damascus to Medina, still stands (dilapidated) in the centre of the Syrian capital. It once transported pilgrims to the Muslim holy city in modern-day Saudi Arabia without the need for cumbersome visas and frustrating bureaucrats. But that was obviously some time ago.
Trial and error
Over the course of recent history, Arab leaders have attempted to foster closer unity in the Arab world whether in the form of the 22-member Arab League - "to safeguard the independence and sovereignty [of Arab states]" - or the six-state Gulf Co-operation Council (GCC) - as a political, economic and security union in response to the Islamic revolution in Iran.
However, the sanctity of the state itself, and its borders, has been absolute within these blocs.
Possibly the greatest experiment in cross-border union, one which admittedly lasted barely three years, began in 1958, when under a wave of Nasserism sweeping the region, Egypt and Syria (and for a very short period, Iraq) established the United Arab Republic (UAR).
Gamal Abdel-Nasser's demagoguery and penchant for power, however, and the subsequent economic tumult felt in Syria, soon saw an end to that project in 1961.
Theoretically, Egypt and Syria became one, as part of the UAR. Under a single leadership (with devolved power), the UAR was supposed to foster a spirit of togetherness and spur other countries in the region to join up and expand the union.
That the project failed was in no way a reflection of the Egyptian and Syrian peoples' desire to forge a single alliance. Together with the then Yemen Arab Republic, the formation of a United Arab States was also mooted.
That was the last we heard of a pan-Arab national project.
Arguably, the 1990s and the 2000s were the decades of cross-border post-nationalism, especially with the rise of Islamic movements as major political actors whose ideology was premised on Islamic ideals that transcended national borders.
Analyse closely the manifestos of some of these movements, however, and also consider their specific origins, and it soon becomes clear that their political ambitions were, and are, ingrained firmly in the states in which they emerged.
As such, the Islamic Salvation Front was a dominant actor in Algeria and Algeria alone, while the Muslim Brotherhood's focus is on political reformation in Egypt. The Brotherhood's offshoots are similarly specifically state-centric.
These movements may well have ideological underpinnings that aim to replicate the glory days of the early Caliphates or the Ottoman Empire, but realism has dictated that they focus their energies within specific national confines. This is unlikely to change anytime soon.
All for one
Given this recent history, then, is the idea of a borderless Middle East still viable? It may well be when you consider that the globalised nature of the world, in its present form, has thrown up possibilities in the region that would have been inconceivable barely a few years back.
More precisely, the political convulsions that the region is undergoing right now have revealed glaringly the extent to which the problems and, potentially, the solutions to the Arab world's ills are remarkably similar. The political, economic and social suffocation that the people of Tunisia and Egypt have endured, before popular revolutions swept the countries' dictators from power, were near identical. The political, economic and social ailments suffered in Libya, Algeria, Bahrain, Yemen and now Oman are of the same vein.
Obviously, the causes of political unrest across these states are much more nuanced and cannot be reduced to generalisations. However, the future, unsurprisingly, is with the youth, the very demographic that is taking the lead in battling corruption and autocracy and one that is communicating, encouraging and helping others across borders in the spirit and language of togetherness.
Sure, this does not by itself denote that borders are now irrelevant. What it does suggest, however, is that political and economic issues and opportunities cannot be dealt with simply within the confines of borders any longer. The pent-up frustrations of the Arab youth, the economic inequalities, the demands for better representation extend across the entire region. A single voice is emerging in search of a single value: Freedom.
A single political authority is certainly not about to emerge out of the current political turmoil. But such an authority is not necessary. An appropriate governance model for the Arab world to emulate would be that of the European Union (EU). The 27-nation political and economic union is borderless in the sense that its people can live, work and travel in member countries without much hindrance.
Sovereignty is still paramount in the EU but the federalisation of political and economic power is to the benefit of hundreds of millions of Europeans. Granted, the recent economic and financial crisis has called into question the viability of the EU, or more specifically, the single European currency, but the political will remains resolute in defence of the union.
We can probably find a plethora of reasons why a real political and economic union would not work in the Arab world. Take a look at the GCC, for example, a bloc of around 40 million people: After a decade of trying, it is still unable to form a currency union. How are we then to expect over 200 million people to agree on a federally-based political and economic union?
But, this would be to dismiss the thrust towards a common set of goals in the Arab world. Borders are increasingly irrelevant in this new equation. The means of mass communication, interdependency, pan-regional media, ease of access through improved infrastructure, the identification with a cause rather than a country, all suggest that the political awakening in the region may be conducive to a completely different set of political and economic realities.
The nation state as we know it, as it was imposed on the region by colonial powers, is ripe for change. The unleashing of people power has now opened up new possibilities for mapping the Arab world's future. While protesters across the region have been waving their respective national flags, the cause for which they are fighting and risking their lives extends well beyond their immediate borders.
Mohammed Khan is a political analyst based in the UAE.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
SACRAMENTO (CBS13) – A local comic book store owner won't be saying “yabba-dabba doo” any time soon after thieves stole his “stone age” sedan over the weekend.
Dave Downey, owner of World's Best Comics in Sacramento, was the proud owner of a replica of a car from the cartoon “The Flintstones”, that is, until thieves walked off with it. He says the car was parked in front of his Watt Avenue store on Friday, but when he drove past the store on Sunday, he noticed the car was missing.
Downey says the car, which is actually a raft, has wheels made of airtight metal drums.
“It doesn't roll. It was meant to float on water,” said Downey.
And it's bulky and weighs over 200 pounds, so more than one person most likely carried it over to the parking lot and loaded it on the back of a truck.
“It's heavy…I can lift one end myself,” he said.
Just a couple of weeks ago, the car's owners came to Downey asking if he wanted the vehicle, which had apparently been used in a water parade.
“They had it in their backyard and asked if I wanted it,” said Downey.
So Downey did what any other cartoon enthusiast did. Instead of letting the raft become a real-life fossil, Downey put it out in the open for all to climb on and enjoy – until some thieves came along.
Anyone with information about the whereabouts of the car is asked to call Downey at 916-973-8973 or email him at dave@wbcomics.com. He's offering “a six-pack of Cactus Cooler for its safe return. No questions asked.”
You can see more photos of the car by going to matsune.com/flinstones.html.
Photo by: The News-Gazette Rashid Bashir, head of the University of Illinois Department of Bioengineering. Image
URBANA — The new College of Medicine at the University of Illinois has received its first major gift, a $10 million donation from the financial technology firm Jump Trading.
The money will support a new center where medical and engineering students will work together designing and learning to use new medical devices, simulation tools and bio-fabrication techniques, according to UI officials.
"This is the first gift of this size to the new College of Medicine, and it defines what we will accomplish with a new engineering-based medical school," Chancellor Phyllis Wise said in a release.
"When the first class of students enters the medical school in 2018, they are going to be immersed in experiences that merge clinical education and engineering. We're thrilled that the Jump Simulation Center will do exactly that from Day One."
Last year, Jump Trading gave $25 million for the Applied Research for Community Health through Engineering and Simulation, a partnership between the Jump Trading Simulation & Education Center at OSF HealthCare in Peoria and the Healthcare Engineering Systems Center in Illinois' College of Engineering.
The donation to the College of Medicine — a partnership with Carle Health System — will help train a new type of doctor, officials said.
The new center will be located in Everitt Laboratory, which will soon be renovated and become home to Illinois' bioengineering department. Medical and engineering students will design and learn how to use new medical devices; mobile, low-cost technologies for rural and developing areas; new medical simulation tools; and new bio-printing and bio-fabrication techniques.
"Too often on university campuses, we talk about different disciplines working in silos, barriers separating us from valuable collaborations," said Rashid Bashir, head of the bioengineering department and a key member of the team that developed the plans for the new engineering-based medical school. "But we'll have immediate proximity and constant interaction, thanks to the Jump Simulation Center. The engineers and medical students will be literally side-by-side, learning about and solving medical problems every day."
Among the tools that might be developed at the new center: robotic arms that simulate abnormal muscle tone, safer IV lines, muscle-powered "biobots" and 3-D avatars for distance medicine. All are currently in development by UI researchers.
Work on Everitt Lab and the Jump Simulation Center is expected to begin in early 2016 and be complete in 2018. Everitt's $55 million renovation will include collaboration spaces, flexible modern classrooms and labs.
Dr. James Leonard, chief executive officer at Carle, said the new center will complement a planned simulation center at Parkland College to support the community. Combined with the Jump center in Peoria, it will make central Illinois "a destination for simulation work at all levels," he said in the release.
"Locating the Jump Simulation Center in Everitt Lab emphasizes a close connection to the College of Engineering's bioengineering department and Healthcare Engineering Systems Center — not to mention opportunities to collaborate with teachers and researchers in every imaginable field," said Dr. John Vozenilek, the chief medical officer of Jump ARCHES in Peoria.
Vozenilek will co-direct the new Jump Simulation Center in Urbana with Kesh Kesavadas, the director of Illinois' Healthcare Engineering Systems Center.
Jump Trading, which is based in Chicago, also supports Jump Labs in the Illinois Research Park, where student interns work with Jump on high-performance trading, venture capitalism and ARCHES projects.
Street grid unearthed at site of mysterious ancient Japanese capital
A road crossing a side ditch at right angles in Kizugawa, Kyoto Prefecture, resembles the grid pattern
found in ancient capitals of Japan [Credit: Makoto Ito]
TANN
you might also like
Archaeologists said they may have unravelled one of the many mysteries surrounding Kunikyo, the capital of Japan from 740 to 744.The Kyoto Prefecture Research Center for Archaeological Properties said on Jan. 26 that it has found evidence of “jobo” grid pattern streets for the first time at the Okadakuni ruins here.Kunikyo was built on the orders of Emperor Shomu (701-756).“(The latest findings) could provide clues to the details of Kunikyo, although there still remain many mysteries about the city,” a center official said.The discovery included a street running north to south that measures 6.7 meters wide and 41 meters long, crossed at a right angle by a 7-meter-wide, 21-meter-long road.Traces of buildings arranged in an orderly fashion along one of the roads were also found.The jobo structure was uncovered at a planned construction site of a bypass for National Road No. 163. The area is 5 kilometers southwest of the part of Kunikyo where ruins of Daigokuden hall and other buildings had previously been found.The Japanese capital was relocated from Heijokyo to Kunikyo, and then to Naniwanomiya in Osaka Prefecture.The center said the recently uncovered roads are similar to those found in jobo structures uncovered in the ancient cities of Heijokyo and Heiankyo, and that pillars for buildings appear to have been used only briefly at the site.“Government offices or other facilities were likely removed in a short time, meaning the ruins are highly likely part of Kunikyo,” the center official said.
About
SQZL (pronounced SQUIZZLE) is almost ready for the market. As you can see in the video, the prototype is functioning. Now I need help to create a professional quality plastic mold.
Why is SQZL so incredible?
With SQZL, food products will keep fresh, and products like glue will not have clogged nozzles because of contact with air. No air ever contacts the liquid for as long as the bottle lasts.
Because of the unique design, liquid is always forced to the top of the bottle. There is never any shaking required to move the liquid towards the nozzle. There are no finger-pumps or any other type of mechanism on the bottle. The consumer would use it just like they use any other squeeze bottle – just pick it up and squeeze. SQZL works for liquids of ALL types. Liquids with high viscosity (honey, glue, sour cream) work just as well as liquids with low viscosity (like water or ketchup).
SQZL can be made in any size. Expensive low-volume liquids (artists' paints, for example) might be put in a bottle the size of your thumb. A restaurant might want something like sour cream packaged in quart size bottles.
There are also three different versions of the bottle:
Version one: The bottle is cheap and totally disposable; once the liquid is squeezed out the consumer would throw the bottle away.
Version two: The bottle is higher quality and re-usable. When the liquid is squeezed out, the consumer would open the top and replace the empty bag with a new full bag of liquid. Rather than buy an entirely new squeeze-bottle, the consumer would instead buy refill bags of liquid.
Version three: The bottle and bottom bag are made very durable and dishwasher safe, but the top bag is a replaceable bag. When it runs out the consumer just replaces the top bag of liquid.
Here are 3 videos that give a more detailed demonstration and also some contact information:
How can Kickstarter help?
I've been able to develop a functioning prototype. My prototypes are good for demonstration, but now I need the funds to create a professional grade plastic mold that can be used to make functional bottles that last and are dishwasher safe. These molds are also needed in order to be able to make mass quantities reliably and economically. Without professionally made bottles the many benefits of SQZL will never be passed on to consumers.
I need your help to bring the bottle of the future into the present! With SQZL, we'll reduce waste due to spoilage and decrease the use of plastic by providing a way to package products in easily disposable bags.
Here is a video explaining a little history of how I developed this idea:
Here is a video explaining about where we are going to go from here; how are we going to meet the challenges coming up?:
These two images are of my first idea that didn't work out from 2007:
This is an image of prior ideas that made the mistake of only having a top bag full of liquid:
This is an image of prior ideas that only had an airbag:
This is an image of the Crest Neat Squeeze idea:
This is an image of my idea showing that both a liquid bag and also an airbag are required for a bottle to work properly:
Here is some prior art; this is the Mueller idea. It uses a liquid bag version:
Prior art; Schwartzman. Also a liquid bag version:
Prior art from Quincy; this is an airbag version:
These last few images are the actual patent grant for the SQZL idea:
Something happened the first time Julie Matsushima held her granddaughter, Aimee, seventeen years ago. A bond was formed that changed both their lives, and is now enriching the lives of other children with special needs. (Published Friday, May 29, 2015)
When Aimee Peepgrass was born, 17 years ago, doctors doubted she would live more than just a few days. Bleeding on her brain in the womb had left Aimee severely brain damaged they told her grandmother, Julie Matsushima.
"It was devastating," Julie recalls. "We were crushed."
It wasn't until Julie held Aimee for the very first time, though, that she felt a glimmer of hope. It came from Aimee herself. "I just felt something from her," Julie says. "I felt like she wanted to live. She wanted to be part of the world."
Julie Matsushima became an advocate for children with disabilities after the birth of her granddaughter, Aimee Peepgrass in 1997.
Aimee has been a part of the world ever since, though challenged to live her life in a wheelchair due to cerebral palsy as well as other disabilities.
Still, that moment in the hospital, Julie believes, changed the course of both their lives, and in a very direct way, is now making life better for other children with special needs.
WATCH MORE BAY AREA PROUD STORIES
Julie's advocacy on behalf of children like Aimee with disabilities was cited by the Rotary Club of San Jose as a reason why, when looking for a project to undertake to celebrate the club's centennial, they chose to build the Rotary Playgarden, perhaps the most accessible playground in all of Northern California.
The $6.5 million playground, gifted to the city of San Jose, is located in the Guadalupe River Park across Coleman Avenue from the San Jose Market center. Mayor Sam Liccardo cut the ribbon to open the park to the public this past Saturday.
The Rotary Club of San Jose raised $6.5 million to build the 4.1 acre Rotary Playgarden. It is a gift to San Jose in honor of the club's centennial.
Designed by Oakland's PGA Designs, the 4.1 acre park is equipped and landscaped to be accessible for children regardless of their level of ability.
Julie first became aware of accessible playgrounds when she and Aimee stumbled across one during a trip to Southern California six years ago. Up until that point, Aimee would always have to sit and watch as her brother and twin sister played on equipment she couldn't enjoy.
It sparked Julie to take an interest in accessibility of playgrounds and soon found herself a member of the San Jose Parks Commission where she made others more aware of the difficulties that special needs children face going to parks. Then, upon becoming president of the San Jose Rotary Club, Julie continued to educate others and helped raise enough money to install 29 adaptive swings in parks across the city as part of her presidential project.
“It was really Amy that inspired me to talk about it,” Julie says.
Julie says it was her frustration trying to find places for Aimee to play that lead her to lobby for more accessible playgrounds. The Rotary Club cited her and Aimee's story as a reason they chose the playgarden for their most expensive project ever.
When it came time for Rotary to start planning their Legacy Project, someone in the club suggested a boundless playground, much like one that Julie had taken Aimee to during that trip.
Now, five years later, the Rotary Playgarden is officially open to the public.
Seeing Amy take a spin on the wheelchair accessible carousel for the first time was a huge moment for Julie.
“It just brought tears to my eyes, it was just wonderful to see her just having fun and not dependent on somebody else to do it for her.”
Though the new playgarden is not just for Aimee, Julie says that if it hadn't been for her, it may have never happened.
“She's taken me on a journey I would have never traveled without her being part of my life.”
(Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp, the world's largest publicly traded oil company, has agreed to disclose more information about the environmental risks of hydraulic fracturing, the process known as fracking.
In an agreement with New York City's pension funds, which control Exxon shares worth roughly $1.02 billion, the company would report on risks surrounding disposal of fracking waste water, air pollution, methane emissions from oil and natural gas wells, and other issues.
Exxon plans to compile the information and publish it as a report on its website by September.
The New York City Comptroller's office, which controls the city's pension funds, agreed as part of the deal to withdraw a shareholder proposal that would have put the disclosure issue up for a vote at the company's next annual meeting.
The comptroller's office said it essentially believes that without such information, it cannot make adequate investment decisions and thus part of the pension funds' investment could be in danger.
“Corporate transparency in this arena is truly necessary for assessing risk and ensuring that all stakeholders have the information they need to make informed decisions,” Scott Stringer, the city's comptroller, said in a statement.
Last year a similar shareholder proposal received support from roughly 30 percent of shares cast at Exxon's annual meeting.
An agreement with the comptroller, rather than a confrontational shareholder vote, was the most constructive way to address concerns about fracking with the public, said Exxon spokesman Alan Jeffers.
“We understand people have concerns. This activity (fracking) is somewhat new and not understood in some parts of the country,” Jeffers said. “People want more information and the more they know, the better.”
Exxon already discloses some information about its fracking practices through FracFocus, an online registry listing specific chemicals used for fracking across the United States.
The environmental group As You Sow, along with several religious orders, had joined the comptroller's office in filing the initial shareholder resolution.
Last month Exxon agreed to report on how it views the risks that climate change could post to the value of its assets.
Oakland's BART directors are under fire from community activists for pushing the Oakland Airport Connector and its absurdly high fare, and for their inaction on multiple reports criticizing police management in the aftermath of the shooting of Oscar Grant. Director Carol Ward Allen (Central Oakland – Alameda) is expected to face a challenger next year. So what are Oakland's BART directors doing to restore the trust of the community? This week, they awarded a contract to an Oakland-based business: a mysterious “energy efficiency” company run by former Your Black Muslim Bakery associate Nedir Bey, the Oakland Tribune reports.
Nedir Bey is known not only for his association with the organized-crime syndicate responsible for the assassination of Oakland Post editor Chauncey Bailey, but also for a series of public-contract swindles. In 1996, Nedir Bey secured a million-dollar contract from the City of Oakland to provide home healthcare services; the company defaulted in 1998 and the money disappeared. In 2002, Nedir Bey received public financing to run for City Council (a race won by Jean Quan); with $14,000 of matching funds, he secured only 288 votes and did not appear to have spent the money on campaigning. Now BART directors, over the objections of staff, hired Bey's new energy efficiency firm, Solar Eclipse, to perform work on the system.
Solar Eclipse, which has the same address Bey used to apply for public funding for a charter school earlier this year, does not appear to have performed any energy efficiency work in the past – a Google search for the company yields only the Trib story linked above. The Oakland City Council urged BART to provide Oaklanders jobs when building the wasteful Airport Connector, but it's doubtful this is what they had in mind. Oakland's BART Directors, including Bob Franklin, Lynette Sweet, and Carol Ward Allen, overruled staff's objections to award a $1.5m lighting contract to Bey's company. Time will tell whether BART funds suffer the same fate as Oakland city funds awarded to Bey, and vanish into thin air.
Read the full story at InsideBayArea.com.
You may remember Huan Vu as the man who brought us the magnificent Lovecraftian adaptation Die Farbe (The Color Out of Space).
Now he's trying to crowdfund a movie based on HPL's Dreamlands. Let's help him make this happen — with Die Farbe, he definitely proved himself to Lovecraft fans, and I'm sure that if this Dreamlands film happens, it will be incredible.
Here's the film synopsis:
“Roland, a troubled young orphan, is led by a mysterious old man into another world. This is a world that has been created over thousands of years by Earth's greatest dreamers while they slept. In this world the old man reigns as king and hopes to train and guide Roland to be his successor.
Unfortunately Roland cannot overcome the dark shadows that weigh upon him and he is forced to decide whether he will use his abilities to keep building the Dreamlands or to destroy what others have already created.”
Watch the 6 minute trailer below. Click here to visit the Indiegogo page and pledge.
Green Party 2012 presidential nominee Jill E. Stein '72-'73 is running to use the campaign as an opportunity to use her party to change the national discourse on government policy.
In early August, a crowd of protesters began gathering outside the downtown Philadelphia offices of the Federal National Mortgage Association. There were about 50 protesters outside the offices by 1 p.m. lobbying peacefully for the embattled mortgage lender to drop two foreclosure cases, according to local media reports.
By 1:30, a smaller group of protesters had tried to enter the building illegally and started a sit-in in the lobby of an adjacent bank. By 2:30, officials met with two of the protesters facing foreclosure with little success, and, by the end of the day, two of the Green Party's top organizers, 2012 presidential nominee Jill E. Stein '72-'73 and her running mate Cheri Honkala, were in jail.
Stein and Honkala were among five arrested and charged Aug. 1 with unlawful entry and conspiracy for a sit-in. As Republican nominee Mitt Romney mulled over his looming vice-presidential pick and President Barack Obama campaigned in Ohio, the Green Party presidential candidate spent the night in jail. The game is rigged against third parties, she meant her actions to say, and it is time somebody did something about it.
“Every effort of the Obama Administration has been to prop this system up and keep it going at taxpayer expense,” Stein said, by way of explaining her protest. “It's time for this game to end. It's time for the laws to be written to protect the victims and not the perpetrators. It's time for a new deal for America, and a Green New Deal is what we will deliver on taking office.”
A Lexington, Mass. physician, Stein is not running to win, but to prove a set of progressive points. Her party has come a long way since Ralph Nader first pushed it onto the national stage more than a decade ago, but Stein knows that in an era of big media and bigger political parties, a poorly-funded third-party candidate with a career in medicine cannot win.
Advertisement
So she attends events like the one in Philadelphia. In mid-September she spoke at Occupy Wall Street's one-year anniversary. Late in the month she called on supporters to “storm” the Commission on Presidential Debates. She tries, as the Greens always have, to provide an alternative to the two-party system, while forcing its hand.
“It's not necessarily having someone elected to office, it's having the third party that drives an agenda forward,” Stein said in an interview with The Crimson. “Sometimes you can win the day without winning office.”
The overwhelming question surrounding the campaign, political experts say: Can Stein push her peripheral third party to the forefront of the political debate with just five weeks until November 6?
From the Grass Up
The Green Party has always faced an uphill battle to find widespread support. Barred from debates and forgotten by mainstream media, 2012 will be no exception. But, in the wake of the Occupy movement and the threat of government shutdown, the political climate might be right for a party that tries to loosen, if only slightly, the hold of the two-party system that dominates the national political landscape—or so Stein hopes.
“We're in a unique moment now in American history. It's a moment where I think people realize it is up to us to bring the breaking point to the tipping point,” Stein said.
Stein is unwavering in her policy proposals, which are radical in comparison to either mainstream party. The keystone of her platform is a “Green New Deal” that she says would create 25 million jobs while laying the foundation for a more sustainable economy and environment. Specifically, the plan calls for $700 billion in local investment offset by defense cuts and further health care reform, as well as tax increases for the country's highest earners.
Without big donors, Stein's campaign could be described as human-scale. Though it has far-reaching ambitions, the camp is largely grassroots, relying on Twitter and alternative media to get the word out.
Ideologically, the Stein campaign is not unlike its Green Party predecessors, and her own political story echoes that of her party.
First organized in the 1980s, the Green Party was originally a collection of local parties united to advance of environmentalism, non-violence, social justice. With Nader, a Law School graduate, at its helm, the party became better established in the late '90s and early 2000s.
Scented water with rose petals
Rosemary scented water is popular.
Lavender scented water is popular.
Scented water, odoriferous water[1] or sweet water,[2][3] is water with a sweet aromatic smell.[4] It is made of flowers or herbs and is the precursor of the modern day perfume.[5] Scented waters are also used in making other products such as pomanders and body care products.[3]
Ingredients [ edit ]
Some of the flowers and herbs used to make scented water are:
Hygiene [ edit ]
In Medieval times scented water was used for hygiene by a person washing their hands with it before meals, since many meals were forkless.[9][10][11][12] The wealthy of Medieval times had their linen clothes boiled in scented water.[13] Varahamihira (6th century) used scented water to clean his toothbrushes.[14] Just prior to Marie Antoinette's execution in 1793 one of her servants was able to smuggle her some minimal need requests, one being some scented water for her teeth.[15]
Medical [ edit ]
Hippocrates mentions scented water in his medical practice:
“ Then dipping (BAPTW) into oil of roses or Egyptian oil, apply it through the day, and, as soon as it stings, take it away, and baptize (BAPTIDZO) it, again, into woman's milk and Egyptian oil, and apply during the night and rinse with sweet scented water and apply tallow. Hippocrates , ii, 710[16] ”
Washing waters [ edit ]
Boccaccio in his Decameron mentions scented washing waters:
“ Without permitting anyone else to lay a hand on him, the lady herself washed Salabaetto all over with soap scented with musk and cloves. She then had herself washed and rubbed down by the slaves. This done, the slaves brought two fine and very white sheets, so scented with roses that they seemed like roses; the slaves wrapped Salabaetto in one and the lady in the other and then carried them both on their shoulders to the bed... They then took from the basket silver vases of great beauty, some of which were filled with rose water, some with orange water, some with jasmine water, and some with lemon water, which they sprinkled upon them. [17][18] ”
Refreshment [ edit ]
It was a custom in the Roman Empire for amphitheatres to be furnished with scented water jet fountain sprays for refreshing the spectators.[19][20][21][22][23] The overhead awning (velarium) shielding the spectators for the Colosseum was saturated with scented water for dripping fragrant water on spectators' heads to keep them cool.[24][25][26][27]
Perfume [ edit ]
Henry Percy, 6th Earl of Northumberland in 1511-12 had various scented waters made for him, which consisted of his usage of over a gallon each week for the year.[28] In the 1571 estate inventory of John Brodocke, an apothecary in Southampton, lists 32 types of scented water that he had as some of the items in his shop.[29] In 17th century Constantinople the Venetians and Genoese had apothecary shops that had merchants of scented water including rose water.[30] Scented waters were still being used into the 19th century of the wealthy nobles in Egypt as a type of perfume. It was an Egyptian custom then to sprinkle guests with rose water or orange-flower water after dinner just before they were to go home.[1]
Even though it is said by scholars that the art of perfumery has it roots in antiquity, the city of Montpellier has self established itself as the birthplace of perfumery. In the 18th century they honored guests of the city with scented water and other 'gifts of fragrance'. There are even perfume manuals that describe Montpellier perfumes as being "a la mode de Montpellier" because of extra ingredients used that enhance their fragrances.[31]
Cooking [ edit ]
Scented rose water is and has been used from time to time for cooking and flavoring foods in various recipes.[32] Rose water is used in Greek cuisine.[7]
Sensual [ edit ]
In Medieval times scented water was used for sensual pleasures.[9]
Religious [ edit ]
In Medieval times scented water was used at baptisms.[33]
Formulas [ edit ]
Rose water [ edit ]
Mary Hooper in her book called Petals in the Ashes about the Great Fire of 1666 explains that the first step in making "rose water" is to gather together 3 or 4 full roses. These roses should not have been treated in any way with toxic pesticide for obvious reasons. One is to then take a pint of water and put into a saucepan. Then heat the water with the roses in it gently, not allowing it to boil. You are to cook the rose petals until they become transparent. After that happens, allow the cooked rose water to cool. Then drain through a sieve forcing the water to go through the rose petals. The resulting "rose water" is to be refrigerated. The scented water then is used as a cooling agent on the body as well as the face.[34]
Scented bath water [ edit ]
Hooper explains that scented water to bathe in can be made of dried herbs. She explains the idea of making such scented water is to put 8 tablespoons of dried herbs in a pan of 1 pint of water and simmer for 10 minutes. This water then is to be allowed to cool. Then it is to be strained to remove all the herb pieces. For the actual bath then a quarter of this scented water is to be put into your bath, highlighted with fresh flower petals on top of the bath water. She explains roses and lovage have a cleansing and deodorising effect. For a refreshing effect she recommends to use rosemary and hyssop. For a relaxing effect to use lime flowers and lavender. For a soothing effect use chamomile and lemon balm.[35]
Primary sources [ edit ]
Secondary sources [ edit ]
Adamson, Melitta Weiss, Food in medieval times , Greenwood Publishing Group, 2004, ISBN 0-313-32147-7
, Greenwood Publishing Group, 2004, ISBN 0-313-32147-7 Baer, Eva, Metalwork in medieval Islamic art , SUNY Press, 1983, ISBN 0-87395-602-8
, SUNY Press, 1983, ISBN 0-87395-602-8 Bober, Phyllis Pray, Art, Culture, and Cuisine: Ancient and Medieval Gastronomy , University of Chicago Press, 2001, ISBN 0-226-06254-6
, University of Chicago Press, 2001, ISBN 0-226-06254-6 Boeser, Knut, The elixirs of Nostradamus: Nostradamus' original recipes for elixirs, scented water, beauty potions, and sweetmeats , Moyer Bell, 1996; ISBN 1-55921-155-5
, Moyer Bell, 1996; ISBN 1-55921-155-5 Books, Storey, Country Wisdom & Know-How: Everything You Need to Know to Live Off the Land , Black Dog Publishing, 2004, ISBN 1-57912-368-6
, Black Dog Publishing, 2004, ISBN 1-57912-368-6 DICTIONARY OF GREEK AND ROMAN ANTIQUITIES, 1886, Original from Harvard University
Donkin, R. A., Dragon's brain perfume: an historical geography of camphor, BRILL, 1999, ISBN 90-04-10983-8
BRILL, 1999, ISBN 90-04-10983-8 de Feydeau, Elisabeth, A scented palace: the secret history of Marie Antoinette's perfumer , I.B. Tauris, 2006, ISBN 1-84511-189-3
, I.B. Tauris, 2006, ISBN 1-84511-189-3 Gladstar, Rosemary, Rosemary Gladstar's Herbal Recipes for Vibrant Health: 175 Teas, Tonics, Oils, Salves, Tinctures, and Other Natural Remedies , Storey Publishing, 2008, ISBN 1-60342-078-9
, Storey Publishing, 2008, ISBN 1-60342-078-9 Hooper, Mary, Petals in the Ashes , Bloomsbury Publishing, 2004, ISBN 1-58234-720-4
, Bloomsbury Publishing, 2004, ISBN 1-58234-720-4 Kuniczak, W. S., Quo Vadis, Hippocrene Books, 1999, ISBN 0-7818-0763-8
Lyttelton, Celia, The Scent Trail: How One Woman's Quest for the Perfect Perfume Took Her Around the World , Penguin Group, 2009, ISBN 0-451-22624-0
, Penguin Group, 2009, ISBN 0-451-22624-0 Langmead, Donald, Encyclopedia of architectural and engineering feats , ABC-CLIO, 2001, ISBN 1-57607-112-X
, ABC-CLIO, 2001, ISBN 1-57607-112-X Middleton, John Henry, The remains of ancient Rome, Volume 2, A. and C. Black, 1892
Volume 2, A. and C. Black, 1892 Morgan, Phillippa, Chaucer and the Legend of Good Women: A Medieval Murder Mystery , Carroll & Graf Publishers, 2005, ISBN 0-7867-1598-7
, Carroll & Graf Publishers, 2005, ISBN 0-7867-1598-7 The elixirs of Nostradamus: Nostradamus' original recipes for elixirs, scented water, beauty potions, and sweetmeats ,
, Papillon, Fernand, Nature and life: Facts and doctrines relating to the constitution of matter, the new dynamics, and the philosophy of nature , D. Appleton and Company, 1875
, D. Appleton and Company, 1875 Phaneuf, Holly, Herbs Demystified: A Scientist Explains How the Most Common Herbal Remedies Really Work , Marlowe & Company, 2005, ISBN 1-56924-408-1
, Marlowe & Company, 2005, ISBN 1-56924-408-1 Ponce de León, Néstor, Technological dictionary , Colonial Pub. Co., 1920
, Colonial Pub. Co., 1920 Smith, William, A Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities, John Murray, London, 1875.
Tietz, Joan Ann, A thousand years of sweet: a semantic and cultural study , Peter Lang, 2001, ISBN 0-8204-5383-8
, Peter Lang, 2001, ISBN 0-8204-5383-8 Woolgar, C. M., The senses in late medieval England, Yale University Press, 2006, ISBN 0-300-11871-6
See also [ edit ]
Whispers in the Dark Ep. 21.5: Sexist Chainsaw Massacre
A bonus episode of epic proportions! Well, not really. At the very last minute we decided to do a mini podcast because an interview episode is coming up this weekend. We discuss a whole bunch of movies on this one. Zev also gives us a new installment of Wisconsin Chronicles! The show is a barrel of laughs as usual and we probably say some things that would get at least one of us fired. It's late and I don't want to move anymore, but this episode is for all of you: the shorties. You better like it.
Please leave feedback, share, subscribe, and give us a nice review on iTunes when you're done listening.
–
Host: CJ Melendez
Co-Hosts: Zev Levit, Rourke Keegan
Show Details:
Duration: 02:08:38
File Size: 73.6 MB
Format: MP3
Listen Now:
Download Here (Save Link As)
Subscribe:
RSS
iTunes
Zune
Intro: ‘A Still Light Sun' – Cyanotic.
News 12 NBC 26 / Friday, Oct. 14, 2016
WARRENVILLE, S.C. (WRDW/WAGT) -- Yellow tape surrounds the house on 38 Jackson St. where investigators say the bodies of 66-year-old Howard Boyd and 47-year-old Cheryl Stone have been for as long as three weeks.
"It's a shock to us all in the neighborhood and the family that lives out here that this happened," said neighbor Harold Cain.
Neighbors say the only clue they had into what was going on was the stench filling the neighborhood.
" I had been trying to find it for the longest time," said Cain.
On Thursday Harold Cain found the source of the smell and his friends, who he says he hadn't heard from in a while.
"I said well something ain't right, so i jumped the fence and I went back there and that's when I figured something was wrong," said Cain.
"It was kind of a bad odor. When I got to the door it got worse," said Cain.
Cain says he called deputies who kicked down the door and found the couple's decomposing bodies. Cain says deputies also found kitty litter on her body.
"She died from a gunshot wound and at this time we are not real clear on why he died," said Aiken County Coroner Tim Carlton.
What is clear: There was about a week in between when deputies say Boyd shot his girlfriend, Sheryl Stone, and when he took his own life.
"He had left a note saying that she attacked him and that's why he shot her but her injuries don't speak to that because of where she was shot," said Carlton.
Cain and his wife say it's possible they heard those gunshots weeks ago.
"Like a big pow noise, it was loud," said Cain.
"She called the cops, they didn't see anything so there wasn't anything they could do. That's I guess when that happened," said Cain.
Cain says now he just wishes he had checked on his friend sooner.
"It's kind of beating me up. I wish I would've gotten there a little sooner and checked on him. That's kind of got me down that I didn't," said Cain.
Investigators believe Boyd overdosed a week after shooting Stone.
They won't know for sure until SLED completes the toxicology report which could take up to 4 months.
Friday, Oct. 14, 2016 | UPDATE: 12:45 p.m.
LANGLEY, S.C. (WRDW/WAGT) -- Two bodies found inside of a Langley home have been identified, and the incident was ruled a murder-suicide.
Coroner Tim Carlton with the Aiken County Sheriff's Office said 66-year-old William Boyd shot 47-year-old Sheryl Stone in the back of the head.
Carlton said there was some time difference between her death and his death. Boyd left a note saying that Stone attacked him with a knife, and that was why he shot her, but Carlton says this is not consistent with her being shot in the back of the head.
Carlton believes that Boyd overdosed, but that is pending a toxicology report sent to SLED. Results from the report will take 3-4 months.
Boyd and Stone lived together, and have been dead for approximately 2 to 3 weeks.
Friday, Oct. 14, 2016
LANGLEY, S.C. (WRDW/WAGT) -- The investigation continues into the discovery of two decomposed bodies in a Langley home.
Sgt. Stephen Shunn with the Aiken County Sheriff's Office said an autopsy is being performed Friday. Coroner Tim Carlton said that a positive ID was made of the woman, but not the man. An autopsy will determine positive identification of both victims.
The next door neighbor, a volunteer fireman, discovered the bodies and called for assistance.
The wife of the fireman told our reporter that she heard one gun shot on September 27, and called police. After the incident, she claims to have seen the man out but not the woman. She said that they later called code enforcement because of a smell they thought was coming from a burnt house, and that they thought an animal was inside.
Release of the victims names will be pending notification of the next of kin.
Thursday, Oct. 13, 2016 |
LANGLEY, S.C. (WRDW/WAGT) -- The Aiken County Coroner's Office said Thursday that the bodies discovered on Jackson Street have not been positively identified due to significant decomposition.
A firefighter doing a well being check found a male and female body in the home Thursday morning. The bodies may have been in the home days to weeks, according to the coroner's office.
The two are scheduled for autopsy in Newberry, SC where cause and manner will be determined and hopefully positive identification will be made. Release of their names will be pending notification of the next of kin. Thursday morning, Capt. Eric Abdullah with the Aiken County Sheriff's Office said the cause looks to be a murder-suicide.
Thursday, Oct. 13, 2016
LANGLEY, S.C. (WRDW/WAGT) -- Two people have been found dead inside a home on Jackson Street.
According to Aiken County dispatch, the call came in around 11:38 a.m. Thursday.
Capt. Eric Abdullah with the Aiken County Sheriff's Office said the cause looks to be a murder-suicide. A volunteer fireman checking property called dispatch and deputies forced entry and found two people dead, according to Sgt. Steve Shunn.
The coroner and Aiken County investigators are on scene now.
Dear Google: what happened? Android sales are falling. Chrome has become a bloated hog. Analysts are calling you the new Microsoft, or, much worse, “the new Yahoo!” And most damning of all: you have squandered our trust. You used to be special, Google. Or at least we used to believe you were special. But you seem more and more like just another megacorporation.
Does that sound harsh? Consider the Zoe Keating kerfuffle:
YouTube gave Keating a take-it-or-leave contract, some terms of which were unacceptable to her. Some of the terms were also pretty hard to understand […] As YouTube now explains it — following a public debate following Keating's blog post — Keating has a relatively simple choice […] These responses go against descriptions of the agreement presented to Keating (and transcribed by her) by YouTube previously, and presumably represent an update to the contract's terms.
At best, Google is guilty of incredibly confusing and heavy-handed communication, something they have long been (rightly) accused of. At best. But, as Jamie Zawinski put it:
This sounds like Google using the same strategy they used with Google Plus: instead of creating a new service and letting it compete on its own merits, they're going to artificially prop it up by giving people no choice but to sign up for it. Except in this case the people being strong-armed are the copyright holders instead of the end users. (So far, that is! Wait for it.)
Consider “Never trust a corporation to do a library's job“:
As Google abandons its past, Internet archivists step in to save our collective memory … Google Groups is effectively dead … Google News Archives are dead … Projects that preserve the past for the public good aren't really a big profit center. Old Google knew that, but didn't seem to care […] The desire to preserve the past died along with 20% time, Google Labs, and the spirit of haphazard experimentation.
…or, as VICE puts it: “Google, a Search Company, Has Made Its Internet Archive Impossible to Search.”
Consider “Google to shut down GTalk on February 16, will force users to switch to Hangouts“:
Again, Google exhibiting 90s era Microsoft behavior. But they're like totally not evil or anything. — the second hardest problem in computer science (@steveklabnik) February 13, 2015
Remember the good old days, a decade ago, when everyone admired everything Google did? What happened?
…I believe I may have an answer or two to that question.
Google has long been a bizarre swan of a company. To the casual eye, it's a billion Android phones playing YouTube videos, its nonpareil search engine, plus its Google X moonshots and miracles, robot dogs rescued from the military, SpaceX funding rounds, etc, all cruising effortlessly along. Call that Awesome Google. But under the waterline, a gargantuan advertising machine paddles desperately, propelling Awesome Google towards its applause. Call that Mammon Google.
For all those analysts cavils, Mammon Google is still a colossal money-making machine, and both it and Awesome Google employ thousands of the smartest people alive (including — disclaimer/disclosure — multiple personal friends.) I fully expect Google to overcome the business challenges it faces…
…but I no longer expect to be particularly happy about this.
We've all been conditioned to see Awesome Google, but of late, Mammon Google seems harder and harder to ignore. Why is this? There seems to be no need for this. Mammon is still pouring money into Awesome. So what happened to the golden glory-days Google we knew and loved?
It's true what Ben Thompson of Stratechery says: Google today is very reminiscent of Microsoft in the 90s. They too were the beneficiary of a seemingly endless, unassailable, firehose of money. But instead of spending that money on moonshots, Microsoft became a much-loathed corporate predator that wasted colossal amounts of time and money on infighting and horrors like Microsoft Bob and Windows Vista. Why has Googled apparently taken a few steps down that cursed primrose path? Why is Mountain View in danger of becoming the new Redmond?
Why indeed. It turns out that Google is literally the new Microsoft:
Where Google employees formerly worked. Most from Microsoft. pic.twitter.com/uJcI1Q2B6D — Bill Gross (@Bill_Gross) February 14, 2015
(And we're not just talking about low-level engineers here. Vic Gundotra, the former head of Google Plus, was a former Microsoft executive; which kind of explains a lot.)
This may help to explain why Google is, I believe, slowly but steadily losing our trust. Nowadays, when you interact with Google, you don't know if you'll be talking to Awesome Google; Mammon Google; …or a former Microsoftian whose beliefs and values were birthed in Redmond, and who, as a result, identifies a whole lot more with Mammon — and with bureaucratic infighting — than with Awesome.
Say what you like about Apple, and I can complain about them at length, you always know what to expect from them. (A gorgeous velvet glove enclosing an exquisitely sleek titanium fist.) But Google seems increasingly to have fragmented into a hydra with a hundred tone-deaf heads, each with its own distinct morality and personality. That wouldn't matter so much if trust and awesomeness — “don't be evil!” “moonshots!” — weren't so intrinsic to the Google brand … which, to my mind, gets a little more tarnished every year.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. -- A Michigan man who said he killed as many as 16 people while hopping trains between the East Coast and West coast will spend the rest of his life in a Virginia prison.
Henrico County Judge Richard S. Wallerstein, Jr. sentenced 49-year-old Michael “Crazy Mike” Adams to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Adams struck a plea deal to avoid the death penalty.
Adams admitted to beating fellow train hopper Robert Chassereau to death with a two-by-four in 2006.
Chassereau's body was found in a hobo camp near the ACCA train switching yard near the Bryan Park Interchange in Henrico.
The murder might have gone unsolved, but Adams admitted to that killing and others after he was sentenced for the murder of another train hopper in California.
Adams told CBS 6 reporter Mark Holmberg in a jailhouse interview he'd killed more than 16 fellow drifters, drug users, and hustlers.
We asked Henrico Commonwealth Attorney Shannon Taylor why she agreed to a plea deal of life in prison instead of seeking the death penalty.
"While it is true that there is some suggestion that this individual was involved in other homicides, sometimes when we are recognizing that we have this person off the streets for the rest of their natural life, then perhaps we can maybe do the next best thing, which is give some families some closure," she said.
After the sentencing, Robert Chassereau's oldest brother Joseph said he hoped Adams' time in prison will not last long.
"He'll mess up with the wrong people in there," Chassereau said, "and someone will take care of him."
With its borrowings from the left and the right, the Libertarian party and its presidential nominee, Gary Johnson, may have an impact on White House race this fall. While it has next to no chance of winning, its rising appeal might affect the race.
Would the Republicans or Democrats benefit? Hard to say, because in an unusually polarized year, the Libertarians' ambidextrous appeal could draw disaffected voters from either side.
“We're fiscally conservative and socially liberal,” says Johnson, 63, who served two terms as the Republican governor of Democratic-dominated New Mexico. For instance, he wants to radically overhaul taxes and keep legalized abortion. If the Libertarians did win, he would drastically change the economic status quo in a way that would please the right end of the political spectrum.
Read next: What the Green Party Means for Your Money—and for the Election
The Libertarians typically get about 1% of the popular vote. But this year, the dual-personality party has a decent chance of scoring in the mid-teens.
That's because the two major party nominees—Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump—have big negative ratings in the opinion surveys. And it's also because both parties have become more ideologically purist (although Trump has some unorthodox views for a conservative, such as his opposition to free trade). Flawed candidates and political polarization may leave a lot of voters searching for an alternative.
The latest RealClearPolitics average of nine national opinion polls finds that Johnson sits at about 8% of the vote. Green Party contender Jill Stein is at 3%. Most polls you read measure just Trump vs. Clinton. But when the surveys include Johnson and Stein, as measured by RealClearPolitics, Trump's and Clinton's numbers each drop by four percentage points.
Some polls show Johnson in the low teens. If he clears 15%, he would be allowed into the televised national debates. (His current scores are a big improvement from the 1% he tallied in the November 2012 election balloting, when he first ran as the Libertarian candidate.) In the past, third-party candidates occasionally have had an influence on the vote, particularly George Wallace in 1968 (helping Richard Nixon) and Ross Perot in 1992 (aiding Bill Clinton).
But in the end, national vote totals are of secondary importance. Who takes which crucial state, in terms of electoral votes, is what matters. Johnson could sway the election by siphoning off enough support from Clinton or Trump to swing a battleground state.
The Wall Street Journal/NBC/Marist poll of battleground states has Johnson with respectable showing in four battleground states: Colorado (12%), North Carolina (9%), Virginia (12%), and Florida (9%). Of these, Florida is the top prize: Its 29 electoral votes make it—along with Democrat-heavy New York, which has the same number—the third largest trove. No. 1 California (55 electoral votes) is an almost certain Democrat win, and No. 2 Texas (38) is thought to be in the bag for the GOP.
If Clinton and Trump repel many voters, Johnson at least comes across as likable and articulate, and disarmingly goofy. In an appearance on Samantha Bee's TV show, Full Frontal, the rubber-faced Johnson, former CEO of legal marijuana distributor Cannabis Sativa (Libertarians are for legal pot), made faces and wisecracks. At one point, he made an animal noise. “I think you're too freaky-deaky to be president,” Bee said.
The Libertarians' curious mix of conservative and liberal positions can induce ideological whiplash among voters used to the hardline liberalism and conservatism of the major parties. The libertarian stances that tilt to the left are less directly oriented toward your wallet. Examples: in favor of gay marriage, against government snooping, and skeptical about military interventions.
Read next: Where the Candidates Stand on Labor Issues
If Gary Johnson were to win, these are the pocketbook issues he would push:
Replace the tax code with a single flat rate. To Johnson, and Libertarians in general, the best course is to wipe out the personal and corporate income taxes, and abolish the Internal Revenue Service. As is, the tax laws are so complicated that they distort economic growth, Johnson argues.
The candidate wants to replace the multi-tiered U.S. tax system with a single flat rate of 23% on consumption, a sort of national sales tax. Thus, the plethora of tax deductions would be a memory. That way, the reasoning goes, there would be no need for an IRS to oversee tax collection because it would be so easy. Johnson predicts that simplifying the tax law would lead to an explosion of economic activity.
At first blush, the flat tax likely would help the wealthy more. The reason: Low-income people spend a greater portion of their income on retail goods and services than the wealthy do. Under the Johnson plan, however, the hit to the poor would be at least partly counterbalanced by what's called a “prebate.” That's where the government sends a check to all households to offset the taxes on consumption. Although it's unclear how much that would be, Johnson says his aim is to make low-income folks end up with a net tax of zero.
By the Tax Foundation's reckoning, the 23% rate would not bring in sufficient revenue to fund federal outlays. “While you'd get a strong economic gain from eliminating the tax code's distortions, the effect would not be big enough” to cover the shortfall, says Scott Greenberg, an analyst at the organization. Right now, Washington spends around 18% to 20% of gross domestic product, but the Tax Foundation calculates the Libertarian flat rate would bring in just 16%.
Slash government spending. Johnson seeks to balance the federal budget, which would mean cutting spending by around 20%. Three agencies he'd abolish are the Departments of Education, Commerce, and Housing and Urban Development. He talks about how national debt approaching $20 trillion would bankrupt the U.S.
The risk here is that lower federal outlays could harm the economy, especially during a recession. (Classic Keynesian strategy holds that, because the downturn crimps government revenue and the jobless need help, Washington should borrow more to make up the difference.)
Read next: 4X As many Economists Say Clinton Would Handle the Economy Better Than Trump
There's broad concern among economists and government officials that Social Security and Medicare are headed for insolvency due to an aging population. Johnson does not call for ending these systems, instead suggesting that some Social Security be privatized—that is, that taxpayers be allowed to invest their portion of future proceeds in the stock or bond markets, or leave the money with the government.
When George W. Bush was president, he pushed a similar plan, which met with fierce opposition on Capitol Hill and was abandoned. Johnson has said one solution to funding woes is to increase the eligibility age for Social Security, up from the current level of just over 66.
Shrink federal regulation. Libertarians believe that an overweening government stifles risk-taking and economic growth. Johnson advocates ending federal minimum wage requirements, which he considers to be a drag on businesses, the engine of prosperity. Hillary Clinton wants to increase the mandated level to $15, from the current $7.25.
In the same vein, Johnson is against Obamacare, which requires that Americans without health care sign up for this program or pay a fine. And while he is not a denier of climate change, he feels that government efforts to combat it are largely wasteful and wrongheaded. On trade, he is against tariffs and other barriers to international commerce, a position that puts him at odds with his two major party opponents.
Certainly, Johnson doesn't go along with some of the more radical views of the segment of the Libertarian Party that he calls “bat sh** crazy.” For instance, he believes in keeping the Environmental Protection Agency. At the party's May nominating convention in Orlando, he drew boos from more devout Libertarians over the subject of requiring drivers' licenses. He was in favor of them.
Who knows whether the Libertarians' two-flavored approach will expand their vote this year? The bigger question is whether it will affect the Trump-Clinton outcome.
During testimony before a Texas House committee last week, state regulators did not disclose knowing that thieves had for years exploited lackadaisical security to infiltrate the chemical storage areas of the West Fertilizer Co., which vanished in a massive explosion on April 17.
But plant security is just one of several areas of minimal or absent government oversight that have come to light since the explosion. Fifteen people died and dozens of structures were destroyed when a tank of ammonium nitrate blew up as firefighters tried to douse a fire at the plant.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry has steadfastly asserted that the state's pro-business, antiregulation attitude is not to blame for the explosion or its aftermath. But as a House committee began to ask questions this week of key regulators, no one from the state's major oversight agencies – which included the state chemist, as well as heads of the department of public safety, insurance commission, and environmental quality – mentioned the plant's long record of theft problems, an issue reported in a Reuters exclusive Friday.
The omission points to one of several potential regulatory gaps in how states and the federal government oversee volatile compounds stored near homes and schools, in particular whether laws are strong enough to allow inspectors to force industries like fertilizer plants to beef up costly security and fire suppression equipment on their premises.
“I guess [Texas state regulators] don't want people to know there's no security,” says Glenn Smith, the Austin-based author of “The Politics of Deceit: Saving Freedom and Democracy from Extinction.”
“The problem is, there are 44 other facilities like this scattered around the state,” he says, “and if you listen to the agencies with jurisdiction, none of those [sites] are protected to the degree they should be, and that shouldn't stand. This shouldn't even be a political issue.”
With an investigation ongoing at the 15-acre explosion site, there's no information so far to suggest the fire that led to the explosion was related to a security breach.
Moreover, thieves in the past had targeted the plant's anhydrous ammonia tanks, which remained intact after the explosion. Anhydrous ammonia can be used as an ingredient in the illicit cooking of methamphetamines, and thieves across the country target both larger facilities and smaller farm storage tanks, according to government researchers.
Plant officials have said that on several occasions thieves caused airborne releases from the plant after twisting off valves to get to the anhydrous ammonia.
What exploded in West was up to 542,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate, the same fertilizer component used by Timothy McVeigh to blow up the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in April 1996. The West explosion registered a 2.1 on the Richter scale.
But McLennan County Chief Deputy Sheriff Matt Cawthon told Reuters that security at the plant was lax, meaning there were no perimeter fences, no burglar alarms, and no security guards. “Everybody trusts everybody,” he explained.
Growing concerns about the requirements of physical security at such plants is magnified by the resistance among appointed state regulators to release information about where hazardous materials are stored, fearing such details could get into the hands of terrorists, critics say. State agencies have resisted local newspapers' demands for more information on such sites, citing an obscure “confidential information” law.
“The reality is there are plenty of chemical plants out in the open that terrorists can strike if they really want to do this,” says Erik Loomis, a historian at the University of Rhode Island who has followed the aftermath in West.
Since the deadly blast, several potential breakdowns have emerged in how Texas oversaw the West plant, even though the plant had been inspected by a variety of federal and state agencies, as recently as February 2012.
• The plant had been cited by at least one federal agency for the failure to have a proper emergency plan, for which it paid a $5,000 fine after correcting the problems and reporting that a short venting of gas was a worst-case scenario at the plant.
• While industries are required by federal law passed after the Oklahoma City bombing to report the storage of major amounts of ammonium nitrate, the West plant never did.
• Texas regulations put most of the onus for safety and planning on local emergency planning committees and the local fire marshal, prompting Nim Kidd, head of the state Office of Emergency Management, to recommend in his testimony to the Texas House committee Wednesday that concerned citizens “go talk to your fire chief, your mayor, or your county judge. That's how planning works in Texas.” One problem: Unlike most Texas counties, West doesn't have a fire marshal.
• Texas Insurance Commissioner Elizabeth Kitzman testified that the insurance policy for the West Fertilizer Co. bore “no relationship to the amount of risk that was involved,” suggesting that insurance requirement reform could goose the marketplace to play a bigger role in forcing plants to update their safety and security protocols. The plant was insured for $1 million in liability and the explosion caused as much as $100 million in damage, Fox News Latino reported on Saturday.
Yet on Friday, the revelations of theft problems at the plant struck at another potential regulatory weakness: the fact that state regulators acknowledge that their primary role is to ensure fairness in the marketplace, not necessarily harp on problems like security or storage.
Asked by legislators on Wednesday whether the Office of the State Chemist would notify authorities if investigators saw problems with security, State Chemist Tim Herrman said, “There aren't any provisions in the law that really require a certain means of storing chemicals, but … if we saw that there had been vandalism, theft, or that the perimeter had been breached, or that inventory records had discrepancies, it's very common for us to contact law enforcement officials.” Mr. Herrman, however, did not explicitly tell legislators that his office had noticed anything amiss with the West plant's security.
The security problems, it turns out, had appeared in other regulatory paperwork with the state. In 2006 the plant's owners reported to the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality that problems with thefts had ended, though more thefts were reported as late as October 2012, according to Reuters. The company has claimed it installed security cameras on the property.
Since the explosion, critics around the country have lambasted the state of Texas for its perceived lax regulation. The issue has played especially large in California, a perennial rival of Texas for economic development, where regulations are more onerous for businesses.
Governor Perry lashed out this week at an editorial cartoonist from California who juxtaposed Perry's assertion that Texas' low regulatory requirements have helped the Texas economy “explode” with an image of a massive explosion in West, embellished with the word “Boom.”
The cartoon was published after Perry denied that the state regulatory system was to blame for what happened in West. But lawmakers are clearly facing pressure to get to the bottom of the state's role in what happened.
“We're inundated with the whys and whos, and we're trying to clarify what role the state has at each individual level,” said state Rep. Joe Pickett, an El Paso Democrat and chairman of the House Homeland Security and Public Safety Committee. “We're trying to unravel how it happened, and how the state took the plant at its word that there was no chance of a fire or accident there.”
US Sen. Barbara Boxer of California said this week that the Senate will also hold hearings on the West disaster, commenting, “It is critical that we find out how this happened … [and] look at how the laws on the books are being enforced and whether there is a need to strengthen them.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The push to investigate and possibly tweak regulations in Texas after West, however, may be complicated by the fact that the chief victims, the residents of West, have largely sympathized with the plant owner. Many residents saw the plant as simply a part of the natural risk of living in rural areas, though Mr. Smith, the Austin author, argues, “I don't think there's any attitude in West that, ‘Oh, we're willing to pay this price for the state not regulating fertilizer plants;' I don't think it can go that far.”
In the case of West, what University of Rhode Island's Professor Loomis calls a natural American tendency to sympathize with or even be intimidated by industry appeared in a 2002 complaint against the fertilizer plant, in which a concerned resident wrote, “Particles are falling like snow around town. People are afraid to complain.”
The Statue of Liberty overlooks New York Harbor. (Mark Lennihan/Associated Press)
Editor's note: Russell Moore, who leads the public policy arm of the Southern Baptist Convention, will send the following letter on Monday morning to President Trump and copy House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). Moore's letter responds to Trump's executive order on refugees.
Dear President Trump and Vice President Pence,
In June 2016, the Southern Baptist Convention reaffirmed its decades-long commitment to care for and minister to refugees. The resolution states, “Scripture calls for and expects God's people to minister to the sojourner.” Southern Baptist churches throughout the United States lead the way in carrying out this calling.
The church's commitment to welcoming the stranger has long been reflected in our country's policies toward those fleeing persecution in their home countries. A commitment given voice through the inscription on our Statue of Liberty, “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” Indeed, as our country recalled on Friday, one of our nation's darkest chapters was our refusal to allow European Jews fleeing the Third Reich to find safe harbor on American soil.
As Southern Baptists, we believe the role of government is first and foremost to protect its people from harm. Every sovereign nation has a responsibility to defend its citizens. Our convention's resolution affirms this, calling for the government to “implement the strictest security measures possible in the refugee screening and selection process” in order to keep Americans safe.
As a nation, we must seek to resolve the tension created by these two values — compassion for the sojourner and the security of our citizens — in a way that upholds both values.
While we know refugees are already the most vetted category of immigrants to the United States, the FBI and others raised legitimate questions about the sufficiency of these procedures. It is crucial these questions be resolved. As a result, we are sympathetic to the desire to strengthen our nation's security processes.
However, we have concerns about the Executive Order's consequences. We share the concerns of Representative Mark Walker (R-N.C.), a Southern Baptist lawmaker, who said, “The language of the order should not apply to legal permanent residents of the United States, and if it is being enforced in any other way, the administration should step in swiftly to clarify.”
Preventing the Iraqi interpreters who served our military — crucial allies in the fight against global terrorism — from seeking refuge in the very country they risked their lives and the lives of their families to serve is unacceptable.
[Ed Stetzer: Evangelicals, we cannot let alternative facts drive U.S. refugee policy]
We understand the Department of Homeland Security, Justice Department, State Department, Department of Defense, and National Security Council legal counsel were not adequately consulted before the implementation of the order. We join with Southern Baptist Senator James Lankford (R-Okla.), who stated, “This executive action has some unintended consequences that were not well thought out.”
Southern Baptists are among the many Americans living in majority-Muslim countries to carry out the biblical call to love their neighbors. We are deeply concerned that the order will cause widespread diplomatic fallout with the Muslim world, putting Southern Baptists serving in these countries in grave danger and preventing them from serving refugees and others who are in need with humanitarian assistance and the love of the gospel.
Achieving the right balance between compassion toward refugees — one of the most vulnerable groups of people among us — and protection of Americans is crucial if the United States is to remain a model for freedom around the world. It is one thing to debate whether the vetting process is adequate. It is quite another to seek to potentially turn our backs on Syrian refugees permanently.
As such, I call upon your Administration to:
Clarify, through a rigorous interagency review and coordination, the extent of the Executive Order to resolve the status of green card holders, Iraqi military interpreters, and other ambiguities;
Implement additional screening measures in order that the Refugee Admission Program may be resumed as soon as possible, including for refugees from Syria;
Work to ensure the safety of Americans serving in majority-Muslim countries and to preserve their ability to continue serving the “least of these” in the region; and
Affirm your administration's commitment to religious freedom and the inalienable human dignity of persecuted people whether Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Yazidi or other, and adjust the Executive Order as necessary.
Finally, assimilation into American life is crucial for both the security of our existing citizens and the well-being of refugee families. Christian churches and other faith communities have proven their unique ability to facilitate such adjustments. Southern Baptists know that our responsibility is to care for and serve refugees here in the United States and around the world, and we remain committed to that mission.
Sincerely,
Russell D. Moore
Read more from Acts of Faith:
With immigration in spotlight, congregations hear messages of inclusion
Shadi Hamid: Will we be forced into a religious test? The dangerous questions Muslims are facing.
Benjamin E. Park: Where is the Mormon Church on Trump? History demands their leadership
Image copyright AP Image caption The purge of military and civilian figures involves more than 58,000 people
After the failed coup, the crackdown. The number of people arrested or thrown out of their jobs stretches into the tens of thousands.
From judges to teachers, civil servants to soldiers, the list is extensive.
There are very real fears among Turks about what will come next.
So who is being targeted and why?
As soon as it became clear that the coup had failed, the crackdown began - first with the security forces, then spreading to Turkey's entire civilian infrastructure. In the words of one Turkish columnist it was a "counter-coup" - a cleansing of the system, in the style of a coup, that had taken place in the past.
The express aim of the president is to "cleanse all state institutions". And the target is what he calls "the parallel state" - a movement headed by an arch-rival in self-imposed exile in the US, accused of plotting the coup.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Former chief military aide Ali Yazici was one of those detained who were closest to the president
No-one really knows how extensive that movement is, but followers of cleric Fethullah Gulen are suspected of infiltrating some of the posts closest to the president, including chief military aide Ali Yazici and air force adviser Lt Col Erkan Kivrak,
A "Gulenist clique" in the army was behind the coup, officials say. And they came so close, says the president, that they were within 10 or 15 minutes of assassinating or kidnapping him. More on the Gulenists later.
Erdoğan - Turkey's ruthless president
Who is being purged?
The purge is so extensive that few believes it was not already planned. And there seems little chance that everyone on the list is a Gulenist.
The sheer numbers are sobering. Some 9,000 people are in custody and many more are out of a job. Although accurate details are difficult to come by, this is the current list:
7,500 soldiers have been detained, including 118 generals and admirals
have been detained, including 118 generals and admirals 8,000 police have been removed from their posts and 1,000 arrested
have been removed from their posts and 1,000 arrested 3,000 members of the judiciary , including 1,481 judges, have been suspended
, including 1,481 judges, have been suspended 15,200 education ministry officials have lost their jobs
have lost their jobs 21,000 private school teachers have had their licences revoked
have had their licences revoked 1,577 university deans (faculty heads) have been asked to resign
(faculty heads) have been asked to resign 1,500 finance ministry staff have been removed
have been removed 492 clerics, preachers and religious teachers have been fired
have been fired 393 social policy ministry staff have been dismissed
have been dismissed 257 prime ministers's office staff have been removed
have been removed 100 intelligence officials have been suspended
The list may be incomplete because the situation is constantly changing. But it is clear that the purge has affected well over 58,000 people.
Turkey's purge
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Soldiers surrendered en masse early on Saturday as the failure of the coup became clear
Why education?
President Erdoğan has seen the rise of Islamic education in Turkey's schools and universities as a personal mission.
Since his Islamist-rooted party came to power in 2002, the number of children educated in segregated religious schools known as "Imam-Hatip" has soared by 90%. He has repeatedly said he wants to raise a "pious generation" and has reformed state education accordingly.
Read Selin Girit's account on the rise of Imam-Hatip schools: Turkish students fear assault on secular education
Mr Erdoğan sought to reverse the many closures of religious schools that came in the wake of Turkey's last coup in 1997, which he compared to the cutting of an artery.
They virtually severed our carotid artery. Can a person live when his artery is cut? No he cannot" President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Reuters
He has also moved to shut down Gulenist-run schools outside Turkey. Reports from Romania say Turkish officials have told 11 to close, but the schools argue they fall under Romanian rather than Turkish jurisdiction.
What is less clear is why university deans are also being targeted. The officials told to leave their posts are unlikely to be Gulenists. There is some suggestion that a revamp of Turkey's 300 universities is being prepared.
On Wednesday, Turkey's higher education authority banned academics from travelling abroad and said anyone currently outside Turkey should return home.
The curious case of Erdoğan's degree
And why so many civil servants?
This could hark back to a 2010 cheating scandal in Turkey's civil service exams. When 3,227 were suspected of cheating because they scored top marks, the government suspected Gulenists.
The post-coup purge may be the time to get rid of the suspected cheats.
Another possibility is that the government is also weeding out opponents from Turkey's Alevi community, which numbers some 15 million.
Turkey's ruling AKP is predominantly a Sunni Muslim party which gains support from an Islamist base. The Alevi sect combines elements of Shia Islam with pre-Islamic folk customs.
What will Erdoğan do next?
There are deep suspicions and widespread fears of what the president is planning next. He is expected to make a major announcement on Wednesday.
Some have compared the crackdown to the fallout of the military coup of 12 September 1980. But that resulted in executions and 600,000 detentions, so current events are far less dramatic.
There seems little chance of martial law being declared, as the army is so deeply damaged by the botched coup.
But emergency measures could be on the cards. Detention without charge could be extended and firing civil servants could be approved without the need for parliamentary approval.
Will there be curfews? That seems unlikely when it suits the government to have supporters on the streets at night.
Will the death penalty be reinstated 12 years after its abolition?
Will Erdoğan bring back death penalty?
National security damaged by failed coup - by Doruk Ergun
So who is his arch-rival anyway?
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's declared aim is to root out followers of a former ally, Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen, who became his arch-rival and went into self-imposed exile in the US in 1999.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen condemned the coup attempt as treason
Fethullah Gulen has made a lot of enemies but he also has a large number of followers and they are accused of plotting the coup. Gulenists, who espouse a tolerant form of Islam, are thought to donate up to 20% of their income to the movement. They have roles in all sectors of Turkish society and local reports say some Gulenists have confessed to involvement in the attempted coup.
The order, one follower was quoted as saying, came from a civilian teacher known as Big Brother.
Exactly who is a Gulenist is very hard to assess, but President Erdoğan blamed the movement for damaging corruption allegations that entangled the sons of several Turkish ministers in 2013.
The Gulenist movement
President Donald Trump took his rancorous feud with the press to a frightening new level last week when he posted an inflammatory tweet that echoed tyrants of the past, calling the all-caps “FAKE NEWS” media “the enemy of the American People.”
As many were quick to point out, the phrase “enemy of the people” has a disturbing and violent history, and has long been used by totalitarian dictators to foster resentment and hatred of certain groups, and eventually to crush dissent and opposition. The infamous French revolutionary and Reign of Terror apologist Robespierre declared that the revolutionary government owed “nothing to the enemies of the people but death,” while the term was widely used in Stalinist Russia to single out dissidents, who were either imprisoned, executed or sent to the Gulag (in the end, almost all of the original Bolsheviks became “enemies of the people” during the great purge — which in reality meant enemies of Joseph Stalin).
Needless to say, the fact that President Trump thought it was appropriate to use this incendiary language on the free press — long considered the “bulwark of liberty” — is dangerous and alarming, and just the latest manifestation of the Trump administration's authoritarian tendencies. Just one month into his term, the president has spent most of his time in public scapegoating and demonizing the free press, blatantly lying and espousing conspiracy theories that undermine faith in the electoral system and displaying his contempt for the idea of separation of powers and judicial review (once again attacking a sitting federal judge).
None of this behavior is particularly surprising for a man who has spent that past two years shattering democratic norms — e.g., threatening to jail his political opponent, encouraging violence against peaceful protesters, publicly sympathizing with oppressive dictators, advocating war crimes and so on.
It is tempting to write this all off as Donald being Donald — an impulsive, thin-skinned little man-child who can't take any criticism — but that would be a mistake. Trump has surrounded himself with sycophantic enablers and right-wing extremists who appear eager to advance his authoritarian agenda. One of these individuals is the president's 31-year-old senior adviser, Stephen Miller, a weaselly young man who would be perfectly cast as a Star Wars villain. Last week, Miller made the almost cartoonish assertion that “our opponents, the media and the whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions, that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned.”
Like the phrase “enemy of the people,” this is the kind of language used by party hacks in a totalitarian state, not a free and democratic society.
Not long ago this kind of rhetoric would have provoked outrage from both sides of the aisle and widespread disapproval from the populace. But today, in our hyper-partisan political landscape, many Americans have instead cheered Trump and his administration's increasingly dictatorial and undemocratic behavior. This invites the question of whether the American people will stand up to autocracy if and when it comes, and how much of the populace is actually prepared to give up its freedom and submit to a strongman.
Shortly after the election, Yale historian Timothy Snyder, who recently said that we have “at most a year to defend the Republic,” wrote a chilling article in Slate narrating Adolf Hitler's unexpected rise to power — without once saying his name — to draw parallels with our current historical situation, and to highlight how the German people quickly fell in line once Hitler had consolidated power and established his totalitarian regime.
One of the many brilliant Jewish intellectuals to flee from Germany after Hitler's rise, philosopher and psychoanalyst Erich Fromm attempted to explain the shocking spread of totalitarianism in his lifetime with his influential and urgent 1941 book, “Escape from Freedom.” This classic investigation into the psychology of authoritarianism can help elucidate some of what is happening today. In the first half of the book, Fromm surveys the profound cultural, economic and political changes that had occurred since the Middle Ages with the Protestant Reformation and the emergence of industrial capitalism, and explores how these shifts impacted the human psyche and the individual's interaction with the external world.
Fromm posits that industrialization and the rise of liberalism resulted in the “complete emergence” of the individual (i.e., “individuation”), along with newfound freedom, but also upended “primary ties” that had once provided men and women with “security and a feeling of belonging and of being rooted somewhere.” In other words, modernization freed man from traditional authorities that had greatly limited him, but also provided him with security and meaning in life. “Growing individuation,” writes Fromm, “means growing isolation, insecurity, and thereby growing doubt concerning one's role in the universe, the meaning of one's life, and with all that a growing feeling of one's own powerlessness and insignificance as an individual.”
That brings us to Fromm's powerful thesis:
If the economic, social and political conditions on which the whole process of human individuation depends, do not offer a basis for the realization of individuality … while at the same time people have lost those ties which gave them security, this lag makes freedom an unbearable burden. It becomes identical with doubt, with a kind of life which lacks meaning and direction. Powerful tendencies arise to escape from this kind of freedom into submission or some kind of relationship to man and the world which promises relief from uncertainty, even if it deprives the individual of his freedom.
The crucial point Fromm was trying to get across is that personal freedom may not be enjoyable or even desirable to the individual if it also leaves him or her feeling isolated and powerless, or without any kind of meaning or purpose in life. Like Karl Marx, Fromm believed that capitalism had turned human beings into cogs in a machine, sapping them of their individuality and creativity, and leaving them alienated and susceptible to authoritarian forces.
Fromm distinguished between negative freedom, or the “freedom from” traditional authorities and cultural/social restraints, and the positive “freedom to” live authentically and realize one's true individual self. If one is granted negative freedom without positive freedom, and thus left uncertain, alone and powerless, he or she may be inclined to escape from freedom and submit to a higher authority. An analogy would be the urge that many adults have felt at least once in their life to return to their mother's womb, where one is deprived of freedom, but safe from the dangerous and chaotic outside world.
It is not hard to see this psychology at work in modern America, where economic inequality has grown rapidly over the past several decades, where livelihoods have been outsourced or automated and where communities have collapsed due to the forces of globalization and the technological revolution, leaving millions of people desperate and isolated. When these economic factors are combined with other factors, including the perceived dangers facing America (i.e., Islamic terrorism) — which are greatly inflated by the mass media and politicians — and cultural/social shifts over the past few decades, the victory of an authoritarian demagogue like Trump becomes less surprising (as does the fact that Trump supporters are more likely to display authoritarian personality traits).
The danger of the increasingly authoritarian Trump administration is heightened by the growing number of Americans who are now prepared to support a strongman if it means restoring, as it were, “primary ties” that once provided “security and a feeling of belonging and of being rooted somewhere.”
Seventy-five years ago Fromm argued that to counteract this dangerous drive toward authoritarianism, it was necessary to “expand the principle of government of the people, by the people, for the people, from the formal political to the economic sphere.” Democracy, he continued, “will triumph over the forces of nihilism only if it can imbue people with a faith … in life and in truth, and in freedom as the active and spontaneous realization of the individual self.”
Like Bernie Sanders today, Fromm advocated democratic socialism and believed that only a truly democratic society -- politically and economically -- could stop the dark clouds of despotism. Today, as President Trump rehashes the language of past tyrants, one can only hope that the desire for freedom will triumph over the urge to submit.
A draft version of the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2013 was introduced in the United States Senate on December 19. Section 2 (5) reads, "if the Government of Israel is compelled to take military action in legitimate self-defense against Iran's nuclear weapon program, the United States Government should stand with Israel and provide, in accordance with the law of the United States and the constitutional responsibility of Congress to authorize the use of military force, diplomatic, military, and economic support to the Government of Israel in its defense of its territory, people, and existence."
The provision is non-binding and echoes a Senate resolution passed in April but it gives the resolution more force and prominence. News accounts in Israel reported the April measure as a solid commitment. A headline in the Times of Israel (Feb. 28) declared, "Resolution would promise US aid if Israel forced to hit Iran." Foreign policy commentator Sheldon Richman has pointed out, "This section [of the proposed act] is legally nonbinding, but given the clout of the bill's chief supporter outside of Congress – the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), leader of the pro-Israel lobby – that is a mere formality."
Hawks within Israel have long argued that Iran has a hidden nuclear weapons program and not merely the revealed enrichment program for purposes of domestic energy. They claim Iran will move to destroy Israel unless its nuclear capacity is preemptively disabled. In 1981, Israel used the same logic to justify a surprise air strike that eliminated a nuclear reactor being constructed near Baghdad, Iraq. If Israel takes similar "military action" against Iran, then America will be committed to "stand with Israel" – at least if the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act passes Congress in its current form.
Mutual defense treaties are commonplace. They are international agreements by which nations pledge to defend each other, usually in response to one of them experiencing an act of war. Under the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act, however, no traditional act of aggression against Israel need occur; Israel could initiate military force. The purpose of mutual defense treaties is to provide a deterrent to aggression. But, in practice, they can result in local conflicts becoming global ones. With so many geopolitical interests in the Middle East, the combination of Israel and America confronting Iran would almost certainly become global.
Many aspects of the proposed act are far from clear. For example, the legality of granting another nation the de facto ability to declare war on America's behalf is questionable, to say the least. So why is it being pushed by Robert Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations?
The Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act is best understood as a direct slap across President Obama's face. The act is a blatant attempt to undercut the deal he negotiated with Iran in November, through which Obama hoped to snatch some claim to legacy. The gist of the deal: Obama agreed to relieve the longstanding economic sanctions against Iran in return for a six-month lull in Iran's uranium enrichment program. The agreement was meant to provide a breathing spell for diplomacy to function. The agreement also bypassed Congress because the $6 to $7 billion in promised sanction relief can be provided by executive order.
Perhaps Congress objected to being irrelevant… again. Some senators are undoubtedly reacting to the influential "Israeli lobby"; the AIPAC has been especially active in support of the act and it has been generous in financing the election campaigns of several of its advocates. Other senators may sincerely believe Obama showed weakness toward Iran.
The mixture of motives has produced a remarkable sight. Democrats, like Senator Charles Schumer, are joining hands with hawkish Republicans in a rare display of bipartisanship. It is enough to make Obama long for obstruction. When the act was introduced, sponsorship was split down the middle: 13 Democrats, 13 Republicans. As of December 27, the act reportedly had 47 co-sponsors; in the Senate, that is 20 votes short of the majority that would make the act immune to a presidential veto.
Obama is said to be "pleading" with fellow Democrats to relent because even discussing the act in Congress could make Iran scuttle the hard-won agreement. In a Time magazine interview (Dec. 9), Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said that a new set of sanctions, even delayed ones, would mean"the entire deal is dead," including future negotiations. Zarif added, "We do not like to negotiate under duress." Part of the duress would be harsh new terms on which any final deal with Iran would rest. The act would allow Obama to waive new sanctions only if the final deal prohibits Iran from enriching new uranium for any purpose whatsoever.
Controversy over the act remains muted due to the adjournment of Congress, Christmas vacations, the flap of Obamacare and the media's determination to provide perspective on 2013 and predictions about 2014. But there are some early indications of explosions to come. On the same day the draft act was introduced, for example, the Huffington Post ran the headline "Saboteur Sen. Launching War Push"; included was a photo of Menendez speaking at a podium that bore an AIPAC logo. The article caused a furor in the Jewish-American community and protests in Israeli newspapers such as Ha'aretz. Suddenly, the Huffington Post headline changed to "Iran Sanctions Bill From Sens. Bob Menendez And Mark Kirk Could Endanger U.S. Negotiations." The photo disappeared.
The headline refers to the act as the "Iran Sanctions Bill" because it would strengthen possible sanctions even as Obama tries to entice Iran with the prospect of further lightening them. But Menendez insists that the sanctions would be slammed on only if Iran does not comply with the negotiated deal.
What constitutes non-compliance? On December 27, FOX News reported on what might be an example; or, at least, it is being viewed as one by rebellious senators. The FOX headline read, "Top Dem presses Obama on Iran sanctions after centrifuge surprise." The surprise came in the form of a statement from Iran's nuclear chief, Ali Akbar Salehi. In order to quiet criticism from anti-American hardliners, he announced the testing of a new generation of centrifuges that are used to enrich uranium. Technically, Iran is allowed to do so. The agreement prevents the new centrifuges from being added to the enrichment program for six months but it does not prohibit the testing of ones already in development. According to Menendez, the announcement revealed Iran's "true intentions" – that is, the intention to create nuclear weapons.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu agrees; he has repeatedly hinted at the need to bomb Iran. And he has been uncharacteristically critical of the United States for signing the six-month deal with Iran, calling it "not a historic agreement" but "a historic mistake." In a written statement, he added that Israel was not bound by the agreement because "[t]he regime in Iran is dedicated to destroying Israel and Israel has the right and obligation to defend itself with its own forces against every threat." A spokesman for Netanyahu informed CNN that Israel was not ruling out the possibility of an Israeli air strike on Iran's nuclear facilities.
If such a bombing occurs, it will be in spite of the best information available which indicates no evidence of a current nuclear weapons program. The report by nuclear physicist Yousaf Butt, with the Federation of American Scientists, is typical: "The best intelligence about Iran's nuclear program indicates that no nuclear weapons work is going on in Iran right now. James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, has confirmed that he has 'a high level of confidence' that no such work is going on now. This reflects the consensus view of 16 different U.S. Intelligence agencies. It says far more than merely that there is no evidence now for any nuclear weapons development work in Iran. It says there is actual concrete high-quality evidence that Iran is not making nuclear weapons, and that the leaders in Tehran have not even made a decision to embark on such a program." (Note: This is not an endorsement of Iran; it is merely recounting the evidence.) Stories of Iran's nuclear weapons program begin to resemble the Weapons of Mass Destruction hysteria that prompted the invasion of Iraq and 12 years of constant war.
But there is one significant difference between Iran today and Iraq post-9/11. Americans do not want war with Iran. And this is an election year.
Many outcomes are possible when Congress returns in January. Majority leader Harry Reid carefully refused to promise that he would bring the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act to a Senate vote. Reid is not one of the act's sponsors, and he is notoriously loyal to Obama. But his refusal may create awkwardness. It is not merely Republicans being denied; it is Democrats upon whom both Reid and Obama depend for support. Perhaps the act will come to a veto-immune vote, and Obama will exercise one of the act's options; namely, he can waive most of the provisions by certifying every 30 days that Iran is in compliance with the temporary deal and negotiating in good faith.
Whichever of a dozen scenarios may happen, it is increasingly likely that Iran will walk.
You don't have to play by the rules of the corrupt politicians, manipulative media, and brainwashed peers. When you subscribe to The Daily Bell, you also get a free guide: How to Craft a Two Year Plan to Reclaim 3 Specific Freedoms. This guide will show you exactly how to plan your next two years to build the free life of your dreams. It's not as hard as you think… Identify. Plan. Execute. Yes, deliver THE DAILY BELL to my inbox!
