The Los Angeles Times fired freelance reporter Steven Borowiec after tweeted he wished Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's “life would end” on Thursday.
The Los Angeles Times provided a statement to Breitbart News:
Earlier today, Steven Borowiec, a freelance journalist in South Korea, posted a tweet about Donald Trump on his personal Twitter profile that violated our professional standards. The Los Angeles Times is committed to fair, evenhanded coverage of the presidential campaign, and expects all journalists representing the paper, including non-staff contributors such as Mr. Borowiec, to adhere to this standard in their articles and social media posts. We regard Mr. Borowiec's comment as inexcusable, and we have ended our relationship with him.
TIME magazine sent out a tweet earlier on Thursday, saying, “See Donald Trump's life in photos.”
“I'd rather see Donald Trump's life end,” Borowiec replied to that tweet.
Really hope the @latimes understands that one of its journalists said this about @realDonaldTrump … before deleting the Tweet pic.twitter.com/3g5ioV0oGO — Nick Iannelli (@NickWTOP) November 3, 2016
Boroweic deleted his tweet after it went viral as a screenshot. “I meant it in jest,” he tweeted later.
https://twitter.com/steven_borowiec/status/794183955578699776
Borowiec joins an NBC producer who praised an illegal alien and attempted assassin as “a good guy with a gun” after he tried to murder Trump at a Las Vegas rally as members of the press who wished harm on a presidential candidate.
My grandma turned 93 today. It's been a tough year for her. Things haven't gotten a lot better since her stroke about a year ago. Fortunately, they haven't gotten worse either, and she's been pretty stable. But it's still awfully sad and frustrating, and it's been a real loss. She knows who I am, and her long-term memory isn't bad -- she remembers things from her past, she remembers fundamental things about the world and her life and, in the moment, she makes a lot of sense and can carry on a conversation. But her short-term memory isn't there, and new information just doesn't stick for more than a few seconds. So every day, it's the same conversation, more or less, at least on her end, changed only based on however it is I respond."
"It's so good to hear your voice. Where are you?"
"I'm back in New York. Nina and I just moved into a new apartment."
"In Brooklyn?"
"No, Manhattan."
"Oh, Manhattan's very elegant. It used to be quite a big deal, to tell someone you were living in Manhattan. How can there be anything more impressive than that? How many rooms is the apartment?"
"Two rooms. A bedroom and a living room. Plus a bathroom, of course. And there's a little kitchen area attached to the living room."
"And who's living there?"
"Me and Nina."
"You already moved there?"
"Yep, last week."
"And it's in Brooklyn?"
"No, Manhattan."
"Oh, Manhattan's very elegant. It must be very expensive,"
"It's small."
"But you're not married yet, right?"
"The wedding's in two weeks."
"Two weeks?? How come I didn't know about that?"
"You did."
"No one told me about that! You already sent out the invitations?"
"Yes. You have one, on your refrigerator."
"Are you sure?"
"Yep. But that's okay. Now you know. Two weeks."
"And it's all planned?"
"Yep."
"That's exciting. But where are you going to live?"
etc.
If nothing else, it has taught me patience. But it's hard, and sad. My whole family went out for dinner tonight with my grandma to celebrate. She seemed to have a really nice time, she was definitely happy to see everyone, and had a whole bunch of leftovers to take home. As we were walking her back to the house from the car, she asked, "Did I eat dinner yet?"
The brain is very interesting.
The next boat to join the NYC Ferry fleet, the ocean-class “H-203,” will be christened "The Connector," when it arrives from the Horizon Shipyard in Bayou La Batre, Alabama. View Full Caption NYC Ferry?NYCEDC
BROOKLYN — Almost a month after its debut, the NYC Ferry is averaging 12,000 riders per week on its Rockaway route and 45,000 riders per week on its East River route and plans are on schedule to start the South Brooklyn route June 1, officials said.
And although the service has proven too popular at certain times, even leaving some passengers cooling their heels for an hour awaiting a next boat, those schedules could be modified as ridership climbs or bike-rack usage maxes out.
"NYC Ferry is closely monitoring ridership levels and use of amenities, like bike racks, and is closely engaged with NYCEDC to discuss current ridership trends," said Skye Ostreicher, spokeswoman for the NYC Ferry operated by Hornblower.
"Schedules can be adjusted very quickly once the determination is made that the changes would improve service. To minimize disruptions, NYC Ferry/EDC together would make significant schedule changes during times when riders are accustomed to seeing service changes signage– like the first of the month, or the start of a new season."
The May 7 Con Ed oil spill into the East River caused the boats to reduce speeds on U.S. Coast Guard orders until May 23, but didn't appear to impact ridership numbers, Ostreicher said.
"The oil spill began at the start of week 2, in which ridership numbers remained steady at approximately 6,000 riders a day on the East River route," she said. "Even though oil spill effects carried over into week 3, ridership numbers actually increased in that time to approximately 8,000 to 9,000 per day (May 14-20)."
The oil spill also had no impact on NYC Ferry's future Navy Yard homeport, which is one track to open in 2018, Ostreicher said.
Related service alerts could be tracked on the @NYCFerry Twitter account or on the ferry's app. Travel times for the ferries are also now integrated into Google Maps.
The next route to launch, South Brooklyn, is scheduled to begin as planned June 1, Ostreicher said. The Astoria route will start sometime in August but no precise date has been set, she said.
The South Brooklyn route will travel from Bay Ridge to Sunset Park, Red Hook (with a weekend detour to Governors Island,) Pier 6 at Atlantic Avenue and Pier 1 near Fulton Landing before heading to Manhattan's Pier 11 near Wall Street.
Red Hook, for one, has big plans for the June 1 debut. The maritime advocacy group PortSide New York, which is headquartered in a 79-year-old tanker docked in the Atlantic Basin, will offer free continental breakfast, a Champagne toast, maritime costumed characters and free copies of the Red Hook Star Revue from 6:30 to 8:30 a.m.
Councilman Carlos Menchaca, who represents the neighborhood, praised the city for placing the dock near the Brooklyn Cruise Ship Terminal and adding a weekend stop on Governors Island. Though more could be done, he said.
"Fares matching MTA rates are a good start but free transfers between the ferries and MTA subways and buses should be our goal," Menchaca said.
The one-way ferry fare is $2.75, the same as a subway or bus ride on the MTA, but it doesn't allow a free transfer to those services.
CVS Health (CVS) said today it would buy the pharmacy and clinic business of retail giant Target (TGT) for $1.9 billion in a bold move to expand the CVS brand across the country.
CVS will extend its reach into Targets via a “store-within-a-store” format, rebranding Target's more than 1,660 pharmacies. In addition, Target's nearly 80 retail clinics staffed by nurse practitioners and other providers will be rebranded under CVS' MinuteClinic name.
If CVS completes the transation, it will be the largest retail pharmacy chain in the U.S. CVS now operates 7,800 retail drugstores while Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) has more than 8,200 drugstores.
The deal comes as the Affordable Care Act and changes in how private insurers and employers pay for health care puts pressure on medical care providers to control costs. This trend is escalating consolidation among drugstore chains and is certain to put pressure on smaller operators like Rite Aid (RAD) to sell to either Walgreens or CVS.
"This strategic relationship with Target supports the highly complementary customer base, brand and culture we share," said Larry Merlo, CVS Health's president and chief executive officer. "This relationship with Target will provide consumers with expanded options and access to our unique health care services that lead to better health outcomes and lower overall health care costs."
CVS said it will commit to putting even more clinics in Targets across the country, adding another 20 within three years. That, CVS said, is in keeping with CVS' national plan to operate 1,500 retail clinics by 2017 across the country at a time its chief rival, Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) has been opening up retail clinics at a much slower pace amid a restructuring of US operations.
CVS and Target said they plan to develop up to 10 "small, flexible format stores" within two years after the deal closes and brand each of those as "TargetExpress" with each including a CVS pharmacy.
The deal brings CVS into new potentially lucrative markets for its customers and employer clients when its brand is extended to Target stores in Seattle, Denver, Portland and Salt Lake City. "By partnering with CVS Health, we will offer our guests industry leading health care services, and at the same time, sharpen our focus on elevating the way we deliver wellness products and experiences to our guests," Target chief executive Brian Cornell said in a statement.
Under the ACA, payments are more based on quality and costs, moving health care payment away from the traditional fee-for-service approach, which leads to overtreatment, to value-based medicine. Pharmacies are more involved in coordinating care and have to keep a close eye on costs, urging use of cheaper generics while helping providers adhere to more effective and often less costly medicines.
Walgreens acting CEO Stefano Pessina recently said he expected the U.S. market to mirror Europe's where the government has more control over payments to medical care providers, including pharmacies.
“This market, the American market, is ready for another round of consolidation,” Pessina, Walgreens Acting CEO and executive vice chairman, told analysts in April on Walgreens Boots Alliance second-quarter earnings call. “Because the margins are squeezed everywhere; the government is more and more in charge for the costs of the healthcare business and so for sure they will exercise their power to squeeze the cost as much as possible, as we have seen in Europe for decades.”
Also on Forbes:
Liberal MPP Kuldip Kular, who was involved in an accident in Brampton that sent a pedestrian to hospital with minor injuries, will be charged with leaving the scene of an accident, police say. Const. J. P. Valade of Peel police said Sunday evening that Kular, who has represented Bramalea-Gore-Malton since 2003, will get a summons in the next few days.
Dr. Kuldip S. Kular (MPP Bramalea-Gore-Malton-Springdale), right, with Harjit Kalsi Skylink at an Indo-Canada Chamber of Commerce pre-dinner gathering in February 2007. ( RICK EGLINTON / TORONTO STAR )
"The substance of the charge is that he didn't provide the information he is legally required to in such an event," said Valade. According to police, Kular was driving about 7 p.m. Friday when he struck a 39-year-old man at Torbram Rd. and Bovaird Dr. The pedestrian had the right of way, they said. Witnesses told investigators they saw the driver get out of a silver sedan and speak to the victim before taking off, leaving the pedestrian with a cut on his forearm and bruises all over his body.
Article Continued Below
"On Friday evening an incident occurred while I was driving to my Brampton home," Kular, 60, said later in a statement to the Star. "While no charges have been laid as a result of this incident, I have and will continue to cooperate with police." However, Const. Valade confirmed Sunday that a charge will be laid under the Highway Traffic Act. The probe is in its early stages, he said, and "it's very possible another charge could be laid" – either a traffic or criminal charge. A source close to Kular said it was raining at the time and the MPP believes the man slipped and fell. "He doesn't believe that he hit him," the insider said. "He stopped his car, got out and helped him up. When he saw he had a cut, he asked if he wanted him to call an ambulance. The guy said he was fine and went off on his way."
When Kular got home that night, family members said investigators had stopped by. The MPP was at a police station for two hours on Saturday, the insider said.
Article Continued Below
"They didn't charge him with anything," the source said. Because failing to remain at the scene of an accident isn't a criminal offence, Kular will be issued a traffic ticket with a court date, police said. If found guilty, he faces a fine. Earlier this summer, former Liberal attorney general Michael Bryant was charged with criminal negligence causing death and dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death after a cyclist was struck by a car and dragged along Bloor St. Kular, a doctor by profession, is the parliamentary assistant to the Minister of Health and Long-Term Care and serves on several government committees. One of Kular's friends said he was shocked to hear the allegations. "He's a friendly, courteous man. It seems very unlikely of him leaving a pedestrian if the person was hurt, if that is what happened," said friend Vijay Sharma. Kular's house in Brampton was dark Sunday evening, and calls to the home went unanswered. Officials in Premier Dalton McGuinty's office said they could not comment on the incident, and it is unclear whether Kular will face any consequences in the Legislature. In December 1999, rookie Liberal MPP Claudette Boyer was asked to step down as opposition critic for francophone affairs after she was charged with four criminal offences, including obstructing police. McGuinty removed her from his caucus in 2001 after she pleaded guilty. Similarly, New Democratic Party MPP Drummond White had to sit as an Independent in 1994 after he was charged with assault. The charges were later dismissed and he was allowed back into the NDP caucus. Kular is popular among his riding's large South Asian population and easily won re-election in 2007 by nearly 6,000 votes. The married father of four has maintained a part-time medical practice because, he says, he doesn't want to add to the doctor shortage. That decision has drawn flak from his critics, who accuse him of being a "part-time MPP." In 1993, he pleaded guilty to professional misconduct and was reprimanded by the Ontario College of Physicians and Surgeons for poor record keeping and improperly prescribing Tylenol 3. His clinic was later inspected by the college and received favourable reviews, he told the Star in 2003. In 2008, he championed a private member's bill to ban single-use water bottles, which was defeated.
With files from Robert Benzie and Madeleine White
Read more about:
Lawsuit (Photo: Thinkstock.com)
An Indiana woman intended her bumper sticker reading "unmarked police car" as a joke, but two police officers didn't think it was funny. Now, they're being sued in federal court for allegedly violating the woman's free speech rights, and officials aren't laughing.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana filed the lawsuit last week on behalf of 56-year-old Pamela Konchinsky of Franklin. The complaint says Konchinsky was followed by two squad cars when she pulled into a parking garage near the mall where she works in downtown Indianapolis. The first car had its lights flashing. Konchinsky knew she hadn't violated any traffic laws.
The officers told her to remain in her minivan after asking for her license and registration, and then scolded her for the sticker taped in the rear window of her minivan.
One of the officers warned her during the June 17 incident that someone would think she was impersonating a police officer, and that someone might shoot at her, believing her to be an officer.
The bumper stickers proclaiming "unmarked police car" sell for $2.50 online. Konchinsky, the mother of one adult and one school-age child, works three jobs. She had received the sticker as a gift from a friend and taped it to the inside of her minivan's rear window about seven months ago.
"It's a joke — it's ironic," Kelly Eskew, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana, told The Indianapolis Star (http://indy.st/TyZ85Z ). "It's like you or I wearing a T-shirt that says, 'Undercover cop.'"
But the officers took the issue seriously, and didn't allow Konchinsky to leave until she had removed the sticker from the window.
She didn't receive a citation, but the fuss made her late for work and her pay was docked as a result.
The lawsuit filed late last week claims the officers violated Konchinsky's First Amendment right to freedom of speech and her Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Indianapolis corporation counsel Samantha DeWester said her office doesn't comment on pending litigation, but she did tell the Star that "We take every lawsuit against the city extremely seriously."
Indianapolis police spokesman Officer Chris Wilburn said police don't comment on pending litigation, either.
The complaint seeks to recover Konchinsky's lost wages and other costs, including legal fees.
"Ms. Konchinsky has not put the bumper sticker back on the minivan but wishes to do so as a humorous and ironic expression," the complaint reads.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1lPioI2
Richard Sherman normally isn't a fan of being quiet.
But he's giving the cold shoulder to the local Seattle media after one outlet published the address of his new house.
CBS Seattle has the details:
Article continues below ...
The Seattle Times is getting some flack for publishing the address of Richard Sherman's new home in Maple Valley last week.
The newspaper reported on the Seahawks cornerback purchasing the home of NBA star Jamal Crawford and detailed all the home's features including the square footage, the number of bedrooms and the $2.31 million price tag.
Most of the outrage at the Seattle Times is coming from Sherman himself who says he is being bombarded with fans hanging out around his house wanting autographs – or wanting to just "hang out." The attention has gotten so out of control that Sherman is now refusing to speak to the local press.
The one problem with this? CBS Seattle says property owners' addresses in King County, where Sherman now calls home, are available to the public. So anyone could have found the info and made it known.
Everybody remembers this scene from the movie, "Moneyball." The Billy Beane/Brad Pitt character counsels the Jonah Hill/Peter Brand/Paul DePodesta character on how to break the news to a player who has just been cut or traded.
Beane: "They're professional ballplayers. Just be straight with them. No fluff, just facts. ...Would you rather get a bullet to the head or five to the chest and bleed to death?
Brand: "Are those my only two options?"
Ryan Christenson, the manager of the Stockton Ports, the A's Single-A affiliate, has a special interest in that scene. In 2001, he was the player traded by Beane. One season after producing decent numbers as the Oakland Athletics centerfielder (.248/.349/.737), Ryan was DFA'd then traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks for Rob Ryan in one of history's few Ryan-for-Ryan swaps. So, naturally, I ask him, ‘Which option did you prefer?"
"A bullet to the head," he says without hesitation. "I was always the last guy to make the team and the first one cut. I never took it personally. I understood the business."
For a guy who has taken several bullets during his career, Ryan looks remarkably healthy these days. And why not? Billy traded him but he ended up playing for the Arizona Diamondbacks who went on to win the World Series. True, Ryan was a role player, still nursing a head wound (if you're paying attention to the imagery of this story) but he ended up with a World Series ring. Not bad therapy.
Meet Ryan Christenson at Athletics Nation Day in Stockton on June 8!
Ryan was a superior athlete whose career was constantly short-hopped by injury. He played college ball at Pepperdine University where he made his bones near the mean streets of Malibu, California. After that harrowing experience, he was drafted in 1995, in the 10th round by the Oakland Athletics. But he got hurt and his pro career stalled briefly.
"I had a surgery in 1995 and didn't really make it back until mid-season of 1996," Ryan remembers. "The next year, 1997, I hit all three levels. I started in Visalia (then Single-A), then I went to Huntsville (Alabama, then Double-A) for about a month and a half. I finished up the year in Edmonton (Alberta, Canada, then Triple-A)."
He hit the Bigs in 1998 and stuck until his afore-mentioned, bullet-riddled exit. After the Dbacks, Ryan caught on with the Brewers, then the Rangers in 2003. In 2004, he signed a free-agent contract with the Florida Marlins but didn't play. Again, injury was a factor.
"My knee was pretty busted up," Ryan says. "That year, Dr. (Lewis) Yokum performed the micro-fracture surgery. He told me, straight up, there was a pretty good chance I would not play again."
Pow! A bullet to the knee!
By 2005, Ryan was finished. After a year of rehab, he decided to forego the grind of pro baseball and give real life a chance. He completed his business degree at Pepperdine and worked a couple years as a mortgage banker. As someone once asked, though, "How are you going to keep them down on the farm after they have seen Broadway?"
That was an apt question for Banker Christenson. Processing mortgage loans has a way of making the monotonous grind of baseball seem almost enticing. An old hitting coach of Ryan's, Pete Berrios, started a sports training academy in Atlanta and invited Ryan to join the enterprise as, of all things, a hitting instructor. He was there for five years while he learned the fundamentals of hitting he never grasped as a player. The experience also instilled in him coaching skills that he valued. But, let's face it, flipping balls to kids and working with amateur travel team players starts to feel as stale as the mortgage business after a while. It was not enough to keep him down on the farm.
Ryan's renewed yearning for pro baseball led him to apply for coaching positions in MLB. He got nowhere fast. Then Keith Lieppman, the A's Director of Player Development, and the legendary Grady Fuson, now Beane's Special Assistant, expressed an interest. There was an opening for a manager of the Beloit (WI) Snappers, the Athletics' low-A minor affiliate, and...pow! Faster than a speeding bullet, Ryan became a manager.
Ryan is a former centerfielder managing the No. 2 prospect in the A's system, 19-year-old Billy McKinney, a centerfielder. Ah, the symmetry of it all!
After a winning season in Beloit in 2013, Ryan was promoted to the Stockton Ports. (Ryan will be Guest-of-Honor at the Athletics Nation Day post-game reception on June 8 in Stockton.) So his career is clearly on the mend. He is managing the most talent-laden team in the A's minor league system and he is a former centerfielder managing the No. 2 prospect in the A's system, 19-year-old Billy McKinney, a centerfielder. Ah, the symmetry of it all!
"Billy has so many things he's dealing with as a Number One pick," Ryan says. "He's right out of high school, suddenly playing a 140-game schedule. He's been thrown right into High-A level competition. He's done a phenomenal job of handling the circumstances.
"He has the athletic ability to play centerfield. He moves well. He's gotten to a lot of balls in the gap I didn't expect him to get to, and he seems to get good jumps. The biggest negative about him is his ability to control the running game. Sometimes he will try to gun down a runner at third instead of throwing to second base to keep the double play in order."
I can name at least a dozen major league outfielders who have the same problem.
Of the greatest importance, McKinney must learn to deal with The Grind, the minor league grind then, presumably, the Major League Grind. I interviewed Ryan before the first of a three-game set in San Jose against the Single-A Giants. I had assumed the team would be staying in a hotel in San Jose for the duration, but no! Each day, the Ports hopped a bus in Stockton around mid-day, rode two hours to Silicon Valley, arrived at 2:30pm for a 7pm game, warmed up, played, then climbed back on the bus for the two-hour commute back to Stockton where they arrived around midnight!
Grind? What grind?
"The minor leagues rarely change," Ryan says. "The one major difference is there are some nice ballparks in the minors now. Other than that, the minor leagues are the same. You're on the bus, learning how to grind out a season. A minor leaguer has to learn how to maintain a routine and keep himself in the present."
When Ryan first came up to the Show, Sandy Alderson had instituted a rigorous emphasis on on-base percentage in the A's minor league system. I ask Ryan if that focus still exists. "It's all about reaching first base." Ryan explains. "It doesn't matter how you get there. After that, it's a matter of scoring runs. That hasn't changed."
"When Moneyball first came out and the concept became trendy," Ryan remembers, "everybody thought the focus for the A's was to draw a walk. That wasn't the case. The walk was just the result of working the count to get your pitch. If you got something to hit on the first pitch, you were allowed to swing. But the idea was always to find the right strike to hit."
He teaches that as manager but he doesn't use a lot of sabermetrics. "I don't use a lot of statistical analysis to manage at this level," he says. "In the major leagues, they will use it a lot more to gain matchup advantages, but here, we're all about player skill development. My job is to get the players out on the field and get them 500 at-bats. I don't care who they get them against."
Ryan has been impressed by the way the A's train their coaches, managers and training staff. "Keith Lieppman gives us off-season reading to digest," he explains. "Each coach is assigned a specific topic or chapter to present. Then, every morning during Spring Training, our first hour is spent discussing that subject among ourselves. It can be a tough room sometimes. If you open yourself up, you have to be able to take it just as you would in the clubhouse. You have to develop a thick skin and a sense of humor. Quickly."
I ask Ryan to name the best manager he has encountered in his career. "Usually, the question is phrased, ‘Who's the biggest jerk you've met?'" Ryan says. "Fortunately, I haven't worked with that many jerks. My first manager was Art Howe. I learned the importance of composure from him. I played for Buck Showalter. He's accused of being a control freak but I learned a lot about preparedness from him. Ron Washington was my favorite coach. He has the ability to communicate with every single player in a fun, firm, straight-forward way."
Ryan is one of the few people on earth who knows both Art Howe and Grady Fuson, real guys who were turned into cartoons by the dramatic whims of Hollywood. Since we started this story with a movie vignette, I decided to ask Ryan his opinion of their portrayals in "Moneyball." He is clearly perturbed.
"Maybe there was some behind-the-scenes stuff I wasn't aware of, and I know the screenwriters needed villains for the story," he says. "But those people on screen were not the guys I know."
Pow! I wonder which option Hollywood screenwriters prefer, one to the head or five to the chest?
[Meet Ryan Christenson at Athletics Nation Day in Stockton on June 8. This is the last chance to RESERVE YOUR SEATS by sending Jerry "EBHI" Brewer an email at ANMeetup@gmail.com.]
FLINT, MI -- A state appeals court has overturned the conviction of a Flint man who prosecutors say strangled the sister of a Genesee County Sheriff's deputy to death in 2011.
The Michigan Court of Appeals overturned the conviction of Lorenzo Donnell Relerford Jr. in an order Tuesday, Nov. 19, after judges ruled Relerford's right to a fair trial was violated when jurors saw his leg shackles during his trial on murder charges in Genesee Circuit Court.
Jurors convicted Relerford in March 2012 of first-degree felony murder, armed robbery and unlawfully driving away an automobile for the killing of Jeanne Hank. Genesee Circuit Judge Archie Hayman sentenced him to serve life in prison.
However, the appeals court ruled that Hayman erred when he failed to issue a mistrial in Relerford's case after jurors saw his legs shackled and again during an evidentiary hearing ordered by the appeals court when he ruled that jurors seeing Relerford in shackles was harmless.
The issue arose when Relerford was called to testify during the trial. Typically when a defendant chooses to testify, the judge will clear the jury out of the courtroom, have the defendant sit in the witness box and then bring the jury back in so the shackles are never visible to jurors.
However, when Relerford was called to testify, rather than waiting for Hayman to remove the jurors Relerford stood up and began walking toward the witness box, allowing jurors to see the leg shackles. Hayman said he was never notified that Relerford was shackled during the trial, adding that decisions about courtroom security are left up to Genesee County Sheriff Robert Pickell.
Relerford's attorney immediately called for a mistrial but the request was denied by Hayman, according to court records.
Hayman said he agrees with the appeals court's concern that a defendant receive a fair trial, but his experience leads him to believe that jurors are not influenced by whether or not the defendant is shackled but by the evidence in the case.
"Jurors try to be fair," Hayman said, adding that there was no evidence to show that jurors actually saw the shackles. "They go out of their way to be fair."
Hayman said that the evidence in the case was overwhelming to convict Relerford, including testimony from his co-defendant, Dantoine Brown.
Prosecutors also argued that the evidence against Relerford was overwhelming, pointing to testimony from one of Relerford's jailmates stating that Relerford confessed, DNA found on the bathrobe belt used to strangle Hank and the fact that Relerford frowned when he asked a deputy about DNA evidence.
However the appeals court said the evidence, though persuasive, was not sufficient to establish guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. The appeals court said Relerford was able to impeach the jailmate's testimony with testimony of another jailmate, the DNA from the bathrobe belt showed that there was DNA belonging to at least two other individuals on it and that Relerford's frown to the deputy alone could not support a conviction.
"We feel badly for the victim's family that this matter may have to be retried," said Genesee County Prosecutor David Leyton. "We are considering an appeal of the issue to the Michigan Supreme Court."
Pickell said he accepts the responsibility for the situation and that his office has ordered new equipment that would prevent jurors from seeing shackles on defendants and keep this situation from happening again.
"We do everything we can to prevent the jury from seeing that," Pickell said, noting that there are features in the courtroom, such as skirts on the tables, that attempt to conceal the leg shackles from the jury.
Pickell said that his deputies move 80-100 jail inmates per day and that understaffing has impacted the deputies' ability to do their job.
"It's unfortunate in this case because a family suffers," Pickell said.
Hank, 47, was found dead by her father in her Grand Blanc townhouse on March 10, 2011.
Hours after Jeanne Hank's death, police found Relerford and Brown, both 29, of Flint, in Hank's car with her TV, DVD player, laptop computer and jewelry. Investigators found that they had been attempting to sell Hank's belongings at area pawn shops.
Brown pleaded guilty to armed robbery and manslaughter in exchange for his testimony against Relerford. He was sentenced to 10-50 years in prison in 2012.
Both Relerford and Brown acknowledged during the trial that they were in Hank's home and that they took some of her personal belongings. However, each man testified that the other actually killed Hank. A jailhouse informant testified that a dispute over money Hank owed Relerford led to the killing.
Hank's family members could not be reached for comment on the case.
Hayman will meet with prosecutors and defense attorneys to schedule a new trial date.
The new "Celebrity Apprentice" host is campaigning against the old "Celebrity Apprentice" host.
GOP presidential candidate John Kasich announced on Thursday that he would be holding a campaign rally on March 6 with Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former governor of California and the new host of NBC's "Celebrity Apprentice."
The news came moments after the former "Celebrity Apprentice" host, Donald Trump, spoke of Schwarzenegger during a campaign speech in Maine.
Trump said NBC and Comcast CEO Stephen Burke asked him to do another season of "The Apprentice" instead of running for president, and got on the subject of his replacement, Schwarzenegger.
"How will Arnold do, by the way?" Trump asked the crowd. "Who would be better? Arnold or Trump?"
The crowd was silent when he asked, "Arnold?" and cheered when he asked, "Trump?"
"Well, we're going to find out if Arnold is quick because if he's not quick he's not going to look good," Trump continued. "When you got Omarosa and all the other ones coming at you, you got to be quick. You got to be smart."
Trump ended his comments about Schwarzenegger saying, "We'll find out, we're going to learn a lot about Arnold. I hope he does well."
This isn't the first time that Schwarzenegger has spoken at a Kasich event. The former action movie star spoke at a Los Angeles fundraiser for the Ohio politician.
Related: Arnold Schwarzenegger is the next host of NBC's 'Celebrity Apprentice'
Schwarzenegger was named the next host of NBC's "Celebrity Apprentice" in September.
From early next year, there's a fresh run of adventures for the Torchwood teams...
Starting back in September 2015, Big Finish's Torchwood range has proved hugely popular, with its wealth of witty, emotional scripts and familiar faces from the acclaimed Doctor Who is a spin-off.
The range continues in March 2017 for six more stories, with producer and writer James Goss giving us an exclusive sneak peek:
"The first release features the return of Nerys Hughes as Rhys's mum in Visiting Hours by David Llewellyn. Coming up after that is The Dollhouse by Juno Dawson, which is ridiculously inventive. She dares to show a glimpse of life at Torchwood LA in the 1970s, and it's magnificent - we're hoping to spend some of the next few releases showing different aspects of Torchwood through the ages, and The Dollhouse is a great place to start. That doesn't mean we won't be keeping the regulars busy - Ianto's going to have a tough time, Gwen's on a road to nowhere, and someone finally dares to say 'No' to Captain Jack."
Each of the new Torchwood stories can be bought for £7.99 on Download, or £9.99 on CD (which unlocks a digital version for free on release), while a subscription collects all six new tales together at a very special pre-release price of £40 on Download and £45 on CD (both going up by £5 at the end of March). The first 12 stories in this thrilling range are all still available on CD and Download, either individually or in collected value bundles.
Check out some of our other Torchwood titles, including the recently-announced anniversary special Torchwood - The Torchwood Archive and Torchwood - Outbreak in November, with a brand-new trailer below:
And watch this space for more Torchwood news very soon...
1H (19:57) FLA KeVaughn Allen grabs the ball off the tip-off and easily runs in a layup. (0:14)
K. Allen grabs the ball off the tip-off and easily runs in a layup. (0:14)
COLUMBIA, S.C. -- Michael Carrera is confident the darkest days are behind South Carolina. He's glad he's had the chance to make that happen.
Carrera had 20 points including the go-ahead foul shots in overtime to lead the Gamecocks to a 73-69 victory over Florida on Saturday.
"Everybody had bad days, everybody has good days," Carrera said. "Now, I think we're getting on track for the good days. Let's see what we've got."
With Carrera, the Gamecocks (22-5, 9-5 Southeastern Conference) have plenty. He had 15 rebounds for his ninth double-double this season, adding three steals and three blocks as South Carolina ended Florida's seven-game series win streak.
Gamecocks coach Frank Martin said Carrera, the 6-foot-5 senior with ridiculously long arms, has never before been a team's centerpiece performer. But Carrera's grit, hustle and ability to shake off criticism and fire back on all cylinders has him fueling the team's best run in a decade.
"This is a new chapter in his career," Martin said. "And for going through it the first time, he's doing pretty darn well."
As is South Carolina which overcame a game of wild swings -- it leads 30-13 early, trailed 39-32 in the second half and 69-68 in overtime -- to emerge with its most victories since the 2005-06 team went 23-15.
And it was Carrera's free throws with 1:36 to go in overtime that gave the Gamecocks the lead for good, 70-69.
Florida, trailing 72-69, had a chance to tie in the final 10 seconds, but Chris Chiozza missed a 3-pointer.
Gators coach Mike White said he hoped to spring Dorian Finney-Smith for a 3, but South Carolina's defense forced a long outside shot. "We let up," White said. "Let a huge opportunity slip away."
Sindarius Thornwell added 17 points for South Carolina.
Finney-Smith had 18 points and 13 rebounds for the Gators.
The Florida senior had a chance to end things in regulation, but missed a foul shot that left the game tied with 20 seconds remaining.
Laimonas Chatkevicius had 13 points, four of those in the extra period, for the Gamecocks.
Thornwell put South Carolina ahead 43-42 with 11:08 left and set up a back-and-forth contest down the stretch. There were 11 lead changes the rest of the way until Carrera's go-ahead foul shots in overtime.
Florida and South Carolina entered looking to stay in the hunt near the top of the SEC, both teams tied with Texas A&M in third place.
And it was the Gamecocks, coming off two straight defeats for the first time all season, who got off to the best start and built a 30-13 lead on Marcus Stroman's driving layup with 7:13 left in the half.
That's when the Gators caught fire, using a 20-0 run to head to the locker room up 33-30.
---
TIP-INS
Florida: Dorian Finney-Smith has five games this season with 20 or more points and eight or more rebounds. That's the most for the Gators since Marreese Speights had seven such games in 2007-08.
South Carolina: The Gamecocks 20-win turnaround season has been fueled by rebounds. They lead the SEC in offensive rebounds at more than 14 a game. However, they only won the battle of the offensive boards once in the past three games -- and that came last Saturday in an 89-62 loss to Kentucky.
CORE PLAYERS
South Carolina's win over Florida was fueled by its upperclass core of seniors Michael Carrera, Laimonas Chatkevicius and Mindaugas Kacinas, plus juniors Sindarius Thornwell and Duane Notice. The five played 196 of a possible 225 minutes and scored all but four of the Gamecocks points. "Those core guys, they stood up tall today," South Carolina coach Frank Martin said.
LONG TRIP
The families of seniors Laimonas Chatkevicius and Mindaugas Kacinas, both from Lithuania, are in town the next two weeks to watch their sons play basketball. For Chatkevicius, it was his first start since late January after coming off the bench the past six games. "It was great being in the starting lineup. It feels good to play in front of my mom for the first time," Chatkevicius said. "And it's even better that we won."
UP NEXT
Florida returns home to play Vanderbilt on Tuesday.
South Carolina is home against Tennessee on Wednesday.
Several years ago, I wrote and drew some Transformers fan-comics (with a little help from various other people) that I posted up on the Allspark.com Transformers fan-website. They were very well received, and actually contributed to me gaining work on colouring the official Transformers comics a few years later.
Recently I found out that Sol Fire, one of the forum members whoare fan-character I used in the books, had taken his own life. Coupled with my own experience with mental health disorders, it seemed like a good way to help a charity and also show a mark of respect.
To this end, I've decided to collect together the four stories I created, and publish them in a trade paperback, which I will then sell online and at some UK conventions. Once the printing costs are all met, any further takings will all go to The Samaritans.
The book itself will be a 72 page, full colour A5 trade. It will contain four 16-page stories – “Courage Under Fire”, “Crisis Of Conscience”, “Out Of TIme” and “The Best Defence…”. It will also contain some new bonus material and other additional content from people who helped create the stories as well. As a sample of what to expect, the first story, “Courage Under Fire”, can be viewed in it's entirety HERE.
I'll be selling the book for £15 (postage within the UK will be an additional £3 – postage abroad will be £6). I'm looking to print the book in December, and start shipping out copies in the New Year.
I've decided to operate a pre-order system for this, in order to build up enough initial funds from the outset to cover the printing – every penny afterwards goes to charity. Please use the links below to pre-order your copy via Paypal.
Book + UK Postage
Book + International Postage
If you don't have Paypal, please contact me and we'll sort out something else.
Finally, I'd like to ask my fellow Transformers fans to please spread the word on this, link to this blog post, and get other people to take a punt on it. I'm initially hoping to print 50 books. If demand exceeds that, I'll happily print more – hence why I'm going the pre-order route, to maximise the amount that goes to the Samaritans at the end of the day.
And finally finally, it goes without saying that Transformers and all associated trademarks are the property of Hasbro. This book is an unlicensed fan-produced publication which is strictly non-profit making, and no infringement of copyright or trademark is intended.
Advertisements
Same Lies, Different Day
When the powerful cannot fully control the actions of those fellow citizens they dislike, at least they can control the lies publicly told about them. Thus, we once again find ourselves, days after a tragedy, dissecting the falsehoods spewed forth to gain political ground in the midst of a terrible loss. As we have seen with disturbing regularity, the Navy Yard shooting was an event not seen so much as a tragedy by the left as it was a welcome opportunity, a gift from on high by whatever amoral deity bestows such awful things upon its faithful. In recent months, the hyperbole and emotionalism of liberal efforts to reinstitute the Assault Weapons Ban, and other de facto infringements of the Second Amendment, have calmed in some places, and been reversed in others, giving those who seek real solutions to difficult problems a chance to be heard. Discussions regarding practical means of preventing the mentally ill from gaining access to guns have taken place among the rational, who recognize that the problem lies with the actor, and not the instrument. In some locales, commonsense measures to protect vulnerable children, including armed guards, faculty and staff in schools, have replaced the tacit invitation to violence in schools which once proudly proclaimed themselves "gun free zones." Somehow, violent and mentally-ill attackers did not recognize that status as a deterrent. Liberals are still trying to figure out the math on that one. In solving that problem, however, there are some very ugly truths that make clear why the left is so intent on blaming the gun, and not the shooter.
Analyst Tom Rinaldi talks with Jordan Spieth about his U.S. Open win and who he thinks is the best golfer in the world. (2:17)
When Jordan Spieth was asked recently whether LeBron James was the best athlete in the world, part of Spieth's response included praise for Detroit Lions wide receiver Calvin Johnson.
Spieth said he would put James in the same category as Johnson. The wide receiver apparently saw this, because the Lions' website said Johnson sent Spieth a signed football and jersey to his office in Dallas while the U.S. Open was going on this weekend.
Calvin Johnson sent an autographed helmet and jersey to Jordan Spieth after the golfer mentioned the Lions star among the best athletes in sports. Courtesy DetroitLions.com
Spieth's agent, Jay Danzi, confirmed to ESPN.com that his client received the "kind gift."
"I would say yes," Spieth told ESPN when asked the James question. "But I'd put into that same equation Calvin Johnson and Cam Newton. As an athlete, I feel like Calvin Johnson can do anything. Cam Newton's hands are twice the size of mine; he's a freak athlete.
"Or Bo Jackson still might be the best."
On the autographed football, Johnson wrote, "To Jordan Best of luck on tour," then signed his name.
Spieth won the U.S. Open by 1 stroke over Dustin Johnson after Johnson three-putted on the 18th green. It was the second straight major win for Spieth, who go for the third leg of the grand slam in the Open Championship at St. Andrews next month.
Calvin Johnson retweeted the initial Lions story Monday. On Sunday, Johnson was clearly watching the U.S. Open as he congratulated Spieth on Twitter soon after the 21-year-old's win at Chambers Bay.
Wow crazy finish congrats to Jordan Spieth 2015 US Open Champ — Calvin Johnson, Jr. (@calvinjohnsonjr) June 22, 2015
Johnson rejoined Twitter on Friday to speak out about the shootings in Charleston, South Carolina. Since then, Johnson has tweeted about his foundation, Spieth and the Shawn Porter-Adrien Broner boxing match, and to Tigers pitcher David Price about cleats.
Every tourist who visits Vienna sets aside at least half a day for the Prater amusement park and an evening at a Heurige, a wine tavern. Visitors to Hamburg enjoy a tour of the harbor by day and a walk through the Reeperbahn red-light district by night. And those who decide to visit Krakow know exactly what is in store for them: the "Muzeum Auschwitz." The Nazi extermination camp, where a million Jews were killed, is an hour's drive away and is the biggest attraction Krakow offers -- or better yet, imposes upon -- its visitors.
The trip to the former concentration camp can be booked at any hotel. For about 25 ($33), visitors to Auschwitz can leave Krakow after breakfast and be back before dinner. There are also group discounts.
Cars park to the left, busses to the right, and swarms of tourists follow along behind tour guides. Visitors to Auschwitz have their pictures taken beneath the camp gate, where an infamous sign reads "Arbeit macht frei" ("Work sets you free"), and in front of the gallows where camp commandant Rudolf Höss was hung in 1947. Next to the gallows is the entrance to the first gas chamber, which was built in the main camp.
Then the tour continues to Birkenau, the "actual" extermination camp. By the end of the day, visitors have just enough time to buy a few postcards in the souvenir shop, where a postcard from Auschwitz is enough to eclipse all the kitsch sold at religious pilgrimage sites from Altötting in Bavaria to Lourdes in southern France.
'A Fatal Message'
The players on Germany's national soccer team are now expected to pay a visit to this carnival of horror when they travel to Poland for the UEFA European Football Championship in June. "It would send a disastrous message to the rest of the world" if the German players were to bypass Auschwitz, says Dieter Graumann, the president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany, because "the young players don't bear the blame, but they do bear the responsibility."
It's a sentence that one hears again and again, one of those platitudes that wander from one pocket to another like loose change, until they are completely worn -- and yet are still not removed from circulation.
The notion that the players "don't bear the blame" is so obvious that it shouldn't have to be said at all, unless someone is trying to suggest the opposite in a dialectical way. And for what should they bear a responsibility?
That the "Muzeum Auschwitz" doesn't turn into a camp again? That the world doesn't forget what happened in Auschwitz? Hordes of historians, filmmakers, journalists and museum directors are making sure that that won't happen. No other place in the world has been as thoroughly and effectively documented as Auschwitz. And it can't be up to the footballers to fill the gaps that journalists and authors like Guido Knopp might have overlooked in the many TV documentaries about the Third Reich and the Nazis they have produced for German audiences.
German Football Team Has No Business at Auschwitz
What are the footballers supposed to do in Auschwitz? Swear that they're sorry? Explain that this sort of thing can "never happen again?" And has anyone thought about what would happen if the German players visited Auschwitz and became so overcome by emotion that they lost the tournament?
It isn't about the players visiting Auschwitz. It's about the images of the visit that will be broadcast to the rest of the world afterwards -- as if they were touring an SOS Children's Village in Africa to draw the world's attention to the misery of war orphans.
The German footballers have no business going to Auschwitz. That is, unless some of them choose to go there on their own and without the cameras, for personal reasons that would make them accountable to no one.
If the German Football Association wanted to take Graumann's advice and "send a message," it could come up with something more original than an obligatory visit to a place where wreaths are deposited, and where visitors can show their retroactive consternation for free. Perhaps the team could play a friendly match against Israel in Sderot, the town on the border with Gaza that frequently comes under fire from Hamas rockets. With an advance warning time of about 15 seconds, the players would quickly realize what it means to be constantly on the alert.
Showing solidarity for dead Jews is a cheap exercise. The people who were murdered can't be killed again, nor can they be rescued retroactively. But in case someone does feel something resembling "responsibility" -- and there's nothing wrong with that, in principle -- then he would be better off declaring his solidarity with those who are alive today -- and would like to stay that way.
A political group launched by some of President Donald Trump's top campaign advisers to boost the White House in its biggest policy fights has been conspicuously absent as Trump begins to sell his agenda, hobbled by staffing delays, internal jockeying for control and a struggle to win the favor of big donors.
Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway once promised the organization, now known as America First Policies, would provide a “surround-sound super structure” to boost the president's goals. After nearly two months, there has been little activity aside from a press release announcing the group's formation and a recent smattering of posts on Twitter and Facebook.
Story Continued Below
“To say that the folks inside the White House are disappointed that there's been no air support in the first 50 days is an understatement,” said a person involved with the nonprofit, one of ten Trump officials engaged with the group or at the White House who spoke about the group with POLITICO. “Things have moved very slow and there's a lot of frustration that things need to move faster.”
Now some are setting out to create a second competing nonprofit group, with the notable backing of the wealthy Mercer family, who are perhaps the most prominent donors in Trump's orbit and who have long sought strict authority over their political spending. A third group could even be in the works.
“There's just a power struggle here and people want complete control,” said another official with America First Policies. “It's just not helpful. It's just frustrating to a lot of us.”
The emergence of two or more pro-Trump nonprofit groups with the same stated purpose — to promote Trump's agenda — repeats a headache that plagued the Trump campaign in 2016 when multiple pro-Trump super PACs sprung up, leading to inefficiencies and donor confusion.
Marty Obst, a former Pence adviser who is spearheading fundraising for America First Policies, told POLITICO they have already amassed $25 million in commitments and banked more than half that. “It's an urgent appeal,” Obst said, as Trump pushes forward on repealing Obamacare, getting his Supreme Court nominee confirmed and overhauling the tax code. “We've been really encouraged by the response.”
But America First Policies is undergoing an organizational shakeup as Brad Parscale, who ran the Trump campaign's digital program, is taking on a reduced role as one of several leaders instead of his originally planned position as president of the nonprofit, according to four people involved in the effort.
Meanwhile, the Mercer-backed effort is speeding toward its own launch, recruiting David Bossie, who served as Trump's deputy campaign manager and who was named in January as an adviser to America First Policies, to put together the group. It's expected to form in the coming weeks. Other donors involved include Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus and Ed Bosarge, a Texas-based GOP donor, according to a person familiar with the effort.
How Bossie can be involved in two competing groups simultaneously is unclear. He declined to comment for this story.
Plus, another Trump campaign adviser, Michael Biundo, who ran Rick Santorum's 2012 presidential campaign, has been so frustrated with the lack of visible progress that he has been making calls in recent weeks to operatives and donors about launching a group of his own.
“The president needs cover,” Biundo has said, according to a person familiar with the calls. Biundo also declined to comment for this story.
Officials involved in America First Policies acknowledged their slow start. They say it's the natural result in part of having to wait for the White House to staff up before they could make hires. “It was a little like waiting for the music to stop in musical chairs,” said one official. “We've now gotten to the point where everything is lined up and money is being raised.”
Nick Ayers, a senior adviser to Mike Pence on the campaign, is serving as chairman of the group. Rick Gates, a former Trump aide who served as Paul Manafort's deputy, is increasingly involved day-to-day.
America First Policies also recently brought in Alex Stroman, a former Republican National Committee official, and the group has been quietly been receiving unpaid advice from Mike Shields, who previously served as chief of staff to Reince Priebus at the RNC and then ran a super PAC and nonprofit that backed House Republicans. Shields is also engaged to Katie Walsh, another former Priebus deputy and a deputy chief of staff in the White House.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Even before its launch, the nonprofit was riven with tensions as Parscale aggressively sought to lead the group, confronting Rebekah Mercer at a meeting in Trump Tower in December about who would be in charge. With the blessing of Jared Kushner, Trump's influential son-in-law, Parscale had taken charge of the still-unformed group by January.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment.
But on January 31, a carefully crafted press release included the names of six officials involved — Parscale, Bossie, Ayers, Gates, Obst and Katrina Pierson, Trump's top campaign spokeswoman. Notably, it included no titles or delineation of roles of any kind.
“It's a sticky thing,” one of those officials said.
Parscale has been a polarizing figure inside Trump's orbit, with one colleague accusing him of “showboating” to take credit for Trump's victory. “The essence of it is that Brad has had a few instances where he's rubbed some of the political people the wrong way,” this person said. “If you haven't worked on politics before, you probably get one strike. But Brad is probably up to about strike four now.”
Parscale declined to respond to those comments. As for his lesser role at the group, Parscale said simply “I'm happy to be founder” and that he wanted to maintain his digital consultancy based in San Antonio, Giles-Parscale, rather than run the day-to-day operations. “I have a fiduciary responsibility to my company,” he said.
After POLITICO told officials with the nonprofit on Friday that it would be writing about its lack of activities, it ramped up its social media presence dramatically over the weekend.
America First Policies had a meager 552 followers on Twitter and 137 on Facebook as of midday Friday. But by Sunday, the group had posted a Facebook video that Trump himself reposted. The group's follower count jumped to more than 3,600. Trump also retweeted a Twitter post by the nonprofit for the first time, and its following quintupled.
“Everybody's saying we're not doing anything but the only thing we haven't done is a large TV buy,” said a fourth official with the nonprofit, noting that the video Trump linked to will be the group's first ad and is expected to debut on television soon. A second ad on health care has been produced and is also expected to air soon.
Behind the scenes, America First Policies has not funded much in the way of research, with two officials familiar with its efforts saying it has yet to conduct any polling.
“A lot of talk about doing things,” one Trump campaign veteran familiar with the nonprofit's inner workings summarized of the nonprofit's work so far. “Not a lot of actually doing things.”
Throughout December and January, there were intense negotiations in hopes of heading off a fissure between various pro-Trump factions outside the White House but the growing specter of rival groups has exacerbated finger-pointing.
One person at America First Policies questioned whether those behind the Mercer efforts were truly helping Trump's agenda — or their own. “There's a lot of motivation,” this person said, “Maybe not all of it is pure in intent.” Said another: “The money is coming toward our c4 and people are going to get upset about it and bitch.”
A Florida school district abandoned its plans to allow Christian groups to hand out Bibles after atheist groups threatened to distribute other controversial materials.
Orange County Public Schools had planned to allow outside religious groups to take part in Friday's observance of Religious Freedom Day by giving Bibles to students who wished to take them.
But they placed those plans on hold after the Satanic Temple and Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) said they would hand out pamphlets and coloring books promoting non-belief, reported WFTV-TV.
The Satanic Temple intended to distribute the “Satanic Children's Big Book of Activities” to students, while the FFRF planned to give them pamphlets describing the Bible as “An X-Rated Book.”
The school board decided to review its policy about materials made available for students after the groups announced their plans.
Atheist materials had previously been permitted, but the board changed its plans after the Satanic Temple asked to include its activity book.
An attorney for the Christian groups said he was disappointed by the change in plans.
“It seems like the momentum right now is to a policy that would exclude all religious materials, which is unnecessary,” said attorney Roger Gannam.
But a spokesman for the FFRF said the protest worked exactly as intended.
“We don't want our schools to become religious battlefields,” said David Williamson, of FFRF. “We've advocated all along to close the forum.”
Watch this video report posted online by WFTV-TV:
Howdy, I'm H. Michael Karshis via flickr In letters from his prison cell at the McConnell Unit in Beeville, Susan Fenner's son describes miserably hot and dangerous conditions. The temperature is more than 100 degrees outside, and the heat radiates through his tiny un-air conditioned box of a cell in administrative segregation.
"There's not much circulation, and it's just horrible," said Fenner, who is executive director of the Texas Inmate Family Association.
Like many of the 150,000 prisoners across Texas, Fenner's son lives without air conditioning. As the heat index statewide soars above 100 degrees day after day, inmate advocates say complaints about sweltering conditions are increasing along with concerns about prisoners' health. A case currently pending before the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, though, could change the way prisons operate under the hot summer sun.
Just 19 of the 97 prison facilities run by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice are fully air-conditioned. Another 37 facilities are partially air-conditioned, and nine are ventilated with tempered air that is blown over cooled coils.
Many of TDCJ's facilities were built before air conditioning was common. And newer prison buildings are not often constructed with air conditioning in mind, said TDCJ spokeswoman Michelle Lyons, given the unsympathetic population in question — those who have been convicted of breaking the law.
"It's presumed taxpayers are not going to want to fund air conditioning of the units," she said.
Medical facilities, infirmaries and geriatric units are all air-conditioned, said Lyons said. And TDCJ staff are trained to identify and treat heat-related illnesses. Inmates can buy fans from the prison commissary, and there are programs in place to help those who can't afford to buy fans. There also are large industrial fans in common areas, Lyons said.
Of course, it's not only inmates who suffer through the scorching temperatures. TDCJ staff, she said, work in the same conditions. "We are committed to making sure all are safe," she said.
When temperatures skyrocket, TDCJ officials implement system-wide protocols to prevent overheating. Inmates are allowed more water, additional showers, and in some cases they can wear shorts.
But Fenner said not all the prison units apparently take those precautionary measures. Inmates and their family members are sending the association a steady stream of e-mails with complaints about the heat. While her son will probably be OK, because he is relatively young and health, Fenner said inmates with mental health problems and physical ailments could be at risk. "There are rules about how you treat animals, but they don't apply to prisoners," she said.
The Texas Civil Rights Project has sued the TDCJ to force the agency to better protect inmates from the heat. In 2008, the group sued on behalf of Eugene Blackmon, a 63-year-old minimum-security inmate with high blood pressure who was serving three years in the Garza East Unit in Beeville. For more than 50 consecutive days that summer, according to court pleadings, temperatures inside the unit reached levels the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association considers cautionary or dangerous.
Blackmon, who is now out of prison, said he suffered dizziness, nausea and headaches. Even after complaints, wardens allegedly took little or no action to help. The lawsuit claim es the conditions amounted to unconstitutionally cruel and unusual punishment. "The bottom line is they can't be having people living in an oven," said Jim Harrington, executive director of the Texas Civil Rights Project.
Prison officials argued in court documents that Blackmon did not show he suffered physical injury and that the issue was moot since he was no longer in that prison. A judge dismissed the lawsuit, and it is now on appeal before the federal appeals court in New Orleans.
Sean Flammer, a lawyer at Scott Douglass and McConnico, said if the appeal is successful it could affect prison conditions in Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi.
"I don't think anybody would say prison should be the most comfortable place in world," Flammer said. "But, at same time, it's important that the prisons don't have inhumane conditions."
This post originally appeared on The Texas Tribune.
Holding your shield close to the body, either to the side or directly in front, is certainly historic. We know this because Giacomo di Grassi specifically tells us not to do it. And he wouldn't be telling us not to do something if people we're doing it.
His primary objection is that the shield blocks the user's vision if you turn it so that the face points towards the enemy. He argues that if you want to see your enemy below the chest you need to lower the shield, and get hit, or peek over the top, and get hit.
So instead di Grassi tells us to extend the arm, if not fully then as much as you can. The convex side of the shield will fully defend your left side while the inside rim, with a small movement of the shield, will defend your right.
Thoughts
According to the text, di Grassi wants you to hold it just far enough to the left so that you have an unimpeded view of your opponent without needing to move the shield. That makes me a bit nervous so I let it float a little to the right so I can't be tagged by a quick thrust. I'm sure I'll stop doing this as I gain more confidence with this stance.
So far we've tested this stance with both synthetic arming sword, longswords, and steel rapiers. Against all of them it has proven quite effective, much more so than any of closely held stances we've tried in the past. In all tests we were using a 23” rotella which is comparable to the one in the illustration.
Speculation on Armored Fighting
I haven't had a chance to try it out in SCA heavies yet. While I think it would be foolish to use in a shield wall, in a tournament it should prevent the opponent from closing and playing the silly back of the head game. Running into the edge of someone's shield isn't fun and if you tried then your head would be much closer to my sword than my head is to yours.
I also like how it essentially eliminates the pivot problem. When the face of the shield is forward, a strong thrust to the top or bottom edge can table it, allowing the point to continue to the head. With the edge forward you can only table the shield with a cut. And that cut has to be directed laterally away from you, so it poses no real danger unless they have two weapons.
Viking-Style Center Held Rounds
Were this a center-held round rather than a rotella the pivot problem becomes a tactic. With the edge forward, pivoting only occurs when a lateral cut is directed at the front edge. And even then, the arm prevents it from pivoting to the left.
If someone strikes the front edge with their sword then you've pretty much won. Just step forward and to the left, trapping their sword between the face of your shield and their body or shield. And while you are over there, go ahead and hit time on the side of the head.
If they use the shield to pivot yours the technique changes slightly. As you can see in Roland's demonstration, an offline step to the left would be disadvantageous. However it does leave the center line open.
Advertisements
Image copyright Ministry of Defence Image caption Cuts are being made to all of the UK's armed forces, including the RAF
The US defence secretary says he fears the UK could become "disengaged" if it makes further cuts to defence spending.
Ashton Carter told the BBC Britain had "always punched above its weight" and "it would be a great loss to the world if it now took action that would indicate disengagement".
The UK government said it was committed to meeting Nato's target of spending 2% of GDP on defence this financial year.
But it says future budgets will be determined in the next spending review.
Few countries have met the Nato target and at a summit in Wales last September, the commitment was watered down, with the less ambitious goal that those countries that were not meeting the target would "halt any decline in defence expenditure".
Those countries already spending 2% were encouraged to stick to that commitment and David Cameron made a speech urging other European members of the military alliance to boost spending.
'Engaged United Kingdom'
Image copyright PA Image caption The British Army is already undergoing a 20% reduction in regular troop numbers
Mr Carter said: "Britain has always had an independent ability to express itself and basically punch above its weight.
"I'd hate to see that go away because I think it's a great loss to the world when a country of that much history and standing… takes actions which seem to indicate disengagement.
"We need an engaged United Kingdom."
Mr Carter's comments follow similar remarks earlier this year by the head of the US Army, General Raymond Odierno, who warned further cuts could see British units operating within US ranks, rather than divisions working alongside each other.
MPs and UK military commanders - former and serving - have also said Britain's security ability would be threatened by more cuts.
New threats
Julian Lewis, Conservative MP for New Forest East, told BBC Radio 4's The World at One that 2% spending on defence "is not a target, it's a minimum" and any possibility that level may drop was "frankly staggering".
"The international situation is darkening and what we must avoid at all costs is having to spend the money later when a crisis has arisen, when by spending it now we might help deter people from provoking such crisis," he said.
The cross-party Defence Select Committee also argued recently that the rise of Islamic State and the increase in Russian aggression meant Britain's 2010 defence plans "no longer reflect the new threats to peace around the world".
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the UK was committed to meeting the 2% target in the current financial year and insisted he was "confident" the government would continue to provide the armed forces with the resources they need.
He said: "We will always go on looking for ways to make defence more efficient, to ensure that more of the money is spent on the front line, just as we've done over each of the last five years.
"It's quite proper for the chancellor to ask departments to be more efficient. We will do that."
The British Army is already undergoing a 20% reduction in regular troop numbers, from 102,000 in 2010 to 82,000 in 2020.
This is to be accompanied by a rise in the number of reservists, from 24,000 to 30,000.
The Royal Navy and the RAF are both preparing to lose 5,000 regulars and gain 500 reservists over the same period.
Thieves are targeting one central Ohio community, stealing hundreds -- if not thousands -- of dollars in goods, as well as a sense of security for residents.
Columbus police reports show thieves have struck more than a dozen homes in Clintonville in just the last 10 days.
Clintonville resident Jeff Cabot said that in a strange twist, he saw the burglars who broke into his garage without even knowing it.
“I woke up about 2 a.m. and got a drink of water. Happened to look out the window and saw somebody riding a bike down the street. I said, ‘Man that's strange. 2 a.m. riding a bike,” said Cabot.
He says he woke up the next morning, checked his garage, and realized the burglars broke in and stole his bike, along with some cash from inside his cars.
“Think it never would happen to us, and now it's happened to us,” said Cabot.
Some of the homeowners say only their garages were broken into.
But, in several cases, houses were broken into with hundreds of dollars worth of electronics stolen.
“My computer, my digital camera, my two view cameras, my Wii and my flat-screen TV. And they were in there for a while because they dumped a lot of stuff,” said Clintonville resident Ian Freece.
Freece isn't the only victim on his block who was a target of thieves.
Police records show another neighbor had more than a thousand dollars in equipment stolen.
“I'm mad, I'm mad. I want to find who did this and hope that they pay the penalty in jail,” said Freece.
Freece says he's now working to put in a better security system, much like Cabot did.
They say they're doing all this in their efforts to fight crime in Clintonville.
Watch 10TV News and refresh 10TV.com for more information.
One of the first signs of turmoil at Konami came when it canceled Silent Hills, a game that received a ton of positive hype after the release of its teaser, PT, in 2014. It was a collaboration between famed horror-movie director Guillermo del Toro and Metal Gear creator Hideo Kojima, starring The Walking Dead's Norman Reedus. Konami never officially announced the cancelation, though del Toro and Reedus have both said it's canned.
Second, Kojima himself appears to be on the outs at Konami and he's expected to cut ties with the studio now that Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is out. Kojima's name was removed from the box art for Metal Gear Solid V along with the logo for his studio, Kojima Productions. Plus, it seems that Metal Gear Solid V was originally intended to include a third chapter and more content in general. Konami has recently pledged to focus on mobile development, which ties into the "no more AAA" reports this week.
MOSCOW -- On the evening of February 25, the Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov came to his friend, Ilya Yashin, to ask for help with his latest investigation: a sensitive report on Russian soldiers secretly fighting in Ukraine.
Two days later Nemtsov, a relentless critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin, was brazenly shot dead near the Kremlin as he was walking home.
Now, the report that Nemtsov never wrote has been finally completed by a group of opposition activists and journalists led by Yashin, who pieced together the trail that the slain former deputy prime minister left behind.
“When he was killed and I'd emerged from the initial shock, I realized it was my duty to the memory of my dead comrade to take this work to its end and publish the report that he began,” Yashin told RFE/RL.
The report -- titled Putin. War. -- has already undergone an initial print run and is set to be presented to the public on May 12. It was seen by RFE/RL on condition that its contents not be disclosed.
“We're already running into big problems,” said Yashin. “Printing shops are being pressured, and so it's going to take a real special operation to print a big run in May. We have experience with this, and Boris Nemtsov had experience with this. I think we'll get over this problem.”
‘Frightened To Talk'
Initially, Yashin and his colleagues did not know if they had enough material to put the report together.
Nemtsov had already sketched out its outlines, contents, and its “ideology.” He had gathered documents pointing to the presence of Russian military hardware in Ukraine and interviewed representatives of several relatives of soldiers killed in eastern Ukraine, Yashin says.
But much of this small archive disappeared after his assassination, in which five suspects from the Russian North Caucasus region of Chechnya are suspected of involvement. Putin's critics fear the investigation may never uncover who was behind the killing because the trail could lead too close to the Kremlin.
After Nemtsov was shot dead, investigators swept his apartment, confiscating computers, hard drives, contact books, and notebooks, his friends say.
“We spent the first week restoring all the documents he'd gathered, which had been seized by investigators,” said Yashin. “Some of the documents were stored with his assistants and his employees.”
These documents included mere scraps, such as the handwritten note Nemtsov passed to his assistant, Olga Shorina, on the eve of his assassination, Yashin said.
The note -- apparently scrawled on paper in order to avoid possible listening devices and first shown to Reuters in March -- reads: “Some paratroopers have got in touch with me. Seventeen killed, they didn't give them their money, but for now they are frightened to talk.”
The Kremlin has repeatedly rejected accusations by Kyiv and Western governments that Russia is providing weapons and personnel to separatists battling Ukrainian forces in eastern Ukraine.
Yashin says he and his team managed to get in touch with all of Nemtsov's contacts, but that persuading them to go on the record proved to be an insurmountable challenge.
“As you can imagine, the death of Nemtsov did not make them bolder,” he said.
“We spoke to them, and we really did get specific, really important information from them, but they categorically declined to speak publicly,” Yashin added.
“We were persuading them to go on the record, saying that it would be much safer for them to speak publicly than to speak to us secretly.”
Their efforts were ultimately futile, he says.
“This wall of fear that we came up against was probably the biggest problem,” he said.
‘Striking Where It Hurts'
The report is set to be presented to journalists and activists on May 12 at the Moscow headquarters of the political party Nemtsov co-founded, RPR-PARNAS. Much of the material appears to rely on open sources, as did the eight previous reports that Nemtsov published on issues such as corruption and the Sochi Winter Olympics in his crusade against Putin.
Opposition activists and well-known Russia journalists were brought in to contribute to the report. They included Ilya Barabanov of the newspaper Kommersant, who has produced resonant articles from war-torn eastern Ukraine, as well as Lev Shlosberg, a member of the liberal opposition Yabloko party in the western city of Pskov.
Shlosberg was badly beaten by unidentified men after he exposed secret funerals of two soldiers killed fighting in Ukraine.
Yashin said that he and his colleagues have invested in a preliminary print run of 3,000 copies of the report, which will also be posted online. He intends to raise money online to fund a planned first mass print run later this month, though past experience suggests circulating Nemtsov's report may be difficult.
In 2010, police seized a car containing 100,000 copies of Nemtsov's joint report on the boom in corruption during Putin's first 10 years in power. The report's website was also hit by cyberattacks.
Nemtsov's assassination on February 27 provoked an outpouring of grief, particularly in Moscow where mounds of flowers and photographs still adorn the spot where he was killed.
Overall, however, polls show that the overwhelming majority of Russians support Putin's policies in Ukraine.
Nonetheless, Yashin was adamant that the report will make a splash.
“Judging by how we are being hindered in even printing a small run, there is going to be a fair amount of resonance,” he said. “We realize that we are striking where it hurts.”
The goal of the report, he says, is to “disprove lies.”
“They say there aren't Russian troops [in Ukraine],” Yashin said. “We say there are. For Putin, it's very painful to be caught lying.”
On our last day in Turkey, my family and I are not in the mood to go, but we have to leave the country. After several torturous months of uncertainty and concern, we have no other option. We fear for our safety.
The bags are packed. The furniture, books, clothing, everything is gone. My son has been taken out of kindergarten; it was a painful farewell for him too. Before we drive to the airport, I write down a list of telephone numbers for my wife: colleagues, diplomats, friends in Istanbul. These are in case I am detained at the airport and my family has to continue their journey without me.
Since the beginning of the year, the Turkish government has declined to grant me accreditation as a foreign correspondent, thereby denying me the ability to work. As a German journalist living in Turkey, I need a residency permit -- and this permit is linked to my press accreditation.
Accreditations are normally approved at the turn of the year, but this year all German journalists have had to wait unusually long. Prime Minister Ahmet Davutolu repeatedly assured Chancellor Merkel at the beginning of the year that all German correspondents would receive their papers. The German side relayed this message to us on multiple occasions.
I never received any notification at all. Officially, my request hasn't been declined, it is being "examined." But neither the Turkish nor the German authorities believed that my accreditation would still be granted.
Even worse, I received warnings. Turkish state prosecutors, who are critical of the government and its interference in the judiciary, told me that, if I were to stay in the country, I could conceivably be charged under some pretense. Perhaps for "supporting a terrorist organization" or for "insulting the president." These are common accusations in Turkey against journalists who are too critical of those in power. Thus far, mainly domestic journalists have faced them.
A Precautionary Measure
This was not the only tip. German officials advised me to leave the country as soon as possible too, as the Turkish authorities could otherwise "escalate" the situation. And so my family and I were escorted to the airport last Sunday by a German diplomat -- as a precautionary measure.
When I moved to Turkey three years ago -- full of curiosity and interest -- I could never have imagined that I would be forced to leave the country in such a fashion. Prior to my posting in Istanbul, I had reported for SPIEGEL and SPIEGEL ONLINE from Pakistan. We thought Istanbul would be quieter than Islamabad, without the terrorism and with greater press freedoms. How wrong we were.
I entered a country that, under Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, a gifted populist, had experienced a modernization and economic wonder. In the first years of his rule, he had thoroughly democratized the country. Most people in Turkey experienced a revival and the peace process between the Turkish state and the Kurdish terrorist group PKK began.
Yet shortly before our move in the summer of 2013, the Gezi protests began. They initially started as protests against the building of a shopping mall in Istanbul's Gezi Park, but after police used violence against the demonstrators they evolved into national rallies against Erdoğan's growing authoritarian reign.
The premier, who had long worked to bring his country more in line with Europe, now ruled in an increasingly autocratic manner. Not only did he have demonstrators bludgeoned and shot with tear gas, water cannons and rubber bullets after the Gezi protest, but he also had journalists imprisoned because their coverage didn't suit him.
I was in a country which had slipped into turmoil, in which democracy appeared to be increasingly endangered, and I made an effort to reflect events critically and fairly in my reporting. Yet, just like many other journalists, I learned the president and his supporters are allergic to any form of criticism.
The Climate in Contemporary Turkey
What I experienced in early 2014, just a few months after my arrival, was to some extent a misunderstanding, but it would go on to shape my entire time as a correspondent. And it says much about the climate in contemporary Turkey.
The worst mining disaster in the country's history had just occurred in the western region of Soma and 301 people had died. Members of the government blamed inadequate safety measures in the pit. But Erdoğan felt he was unfairly blamed by survivors and by victims' families. He claimed such catastrophes were common.
I was on location at the time and spoke with survivors and family members. An incensed miner, who had recently been rescued, told me, "Up until now I would never have said anything like this, but now I'd just like to say to Erdoğan: Go to hell!" I quoted the man in one of my stories on the disaster. My colleagues at SPIEGEL ONLINE turned the quote into a headline: "Go to hell, Erdoğan!"
Although the quotation marks clearly distinguish the headline as a quote, Erdoğan's supporters put the words in my mouth. I received thousands of threats and insults by email, amongst them sentences like: "If we see you on the street, we'll cut your throat!"
I left Turkey at that time too, temporarily for two weeks. Coincidentally, Erdoğan was making an appearance in Cologne at the time, where 15,000 people celebrated him in a stadium there. I went along to hear his speech. Twice he mentioned "this journalist who wants me to go to hell." He added: "Clearly he knows the way there." Did Erdoğan truly believe I had written that? Had he been misinformed?
Turkish journalists have long had to work under constraints. The state employs officials specifically to examine newspapers to see whether they contain insults against the president; publishing them is a punishable offence. Newspapers that are deemed to be supporting the opposition must deliver copies to the censors each day.
'Who Knows What Might Happen'
At some point, the self-censorship starts. What can I write? Whom can I speak with? Executives, politicians --even from the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) -- artists, writers, ordinary citizens; they all refuse to talk to journalists, explaining "You know of course we can't speak openly with journalists. Who knows what might happen if it were to become known that I had spoken to you."
Since Erdoğan's Islamic AKP lost their absolute majority a year ago and the Kurdish conflict in the eastern part of the country re-intensified, the atmosphere in the country has become yet more authoritarian. Branches of the Kurdish People's Democratic Party (HDP) have been stormed by AKP supporters, as have the offices of popular newspaper Hürriyet.
Ultimately, the well-known journalists Can Dündar and Erdem Gül -- the former is editor-in-chief of Cumhuriyet, the latter its Ankara bureau chief -- were accused of "supporting terrorists." After the country's high court acquitted them, Erdoğan questioned the court's legitimacy. The government subsequently put the often critical Zaman, one of the most widely read newspapers in the country, under state control.
These are tough times for Turkish journalists. And, as my own experiences have taught me, they are increasingly tough for foreign correspondents too.
What lies in store for Turkey in the future? After the explosions in Ankara on Sunday, for which the PKK splinter group Kurdistan Freedom Falcons has claimed responsibility, Erdoğan vowed to fight against terrorists with an "iron fist."
He believes the term "terrorist" should be broadened: "There is no difference whatsoever between terrorists who carry weapons and bombs and those who use their position, pen or title to reach their goals," he reportedly told the state news agency Anadolu. "Just because someone has a title such as member of parliament, academic, journalist, or head of an NGO does not change the fact that this person is actually a terrorist."
Helping Terrorists
As a journalist, I have always wanted to present a balanced picture. In past months, I travelled to the southeast of Turkey, where the government says it is fighting PKK terrorists, who launch attacks every few days. Yet I also encountered a suffering civilian population. Curfews are making life difficult for people. They are forced to spend days -- sometimes even weeks -- holed up in their homes, taking great risks to obtain groceries. Yet one only needs to talk to them, let alone quote them, before one is accused of helping "terrorists."
I therefore wanted to talk to the Turkish military and to the soldiers fighting in the area in order to understand their views of the situation. Not one request to accompany them was approved. I wanted to speak to officials in government, and of course to interview Erdoğan, but my requests were usually not even answered. Clearly, the government expected us to report in accordance with their views, without being allowed to talk to them.
Turkey fascinated me from day one: the energy of Istanbul, the simultaneous existence of modernity and backwardness and the efforts of many people to make something better out of their country. Erdoğan is not Turkey. If around half the country voted for him, that means half did not. Yet, the opposition is weak. It has no charismatic figure, is often chaotic and lacks a concrete plan.
There is much to report that is praiseworthy, especially the efforts Turkey is making in regards to the refugees from Syria. That is why I don't support demands to withdraw European financial support due to attacks on press freedom, and due to my own case. Why should refugees bear the consequences of Turkey's disagreeable approach to press freedom? At most, one can criticize the EU for attempting to absolve itself of any responsibility by way of a questionable deal.
As my family and I arrive at Ataturk airport in Istanbul, we are anxious. The official at passport control examines our passes and sees that, although we have applied for new ones, we do not have valid residency permits. He flicks through our documents as I glance nervously back to the diplomat standing behind us in the background.
Then, after what feels like an eternity, the official passes us back our papers. He nods. We are out of Turkey.
Editor's Note: The following is SPIEGEL ONLINE's official statement about its decision to pull Hasnain Kazim out of Turkey:
SPIEGEL ONLINE has pulled Hasnain Kazim, it's Istanbul correspondent, out of Turkey. Despite months of efforts, the Turkish authorities did not provide an extension of his press accreditation. Residence permits for foreign journalists are linked to a person's press accreditation. Kazim was thus no longer free to work in the country.
In response to the development, SPIEGEL ONLINE Editor-in-Chief Florian Harms said:
"In the past years, Hasnain Kazim has done an excellent job reporting on political and societal events in Turkey. In the course of that reporting, he has written many articles in which he fairly, but also critically, brought to light abuse and mistakes on the part of the government -- as any good journalist would do. Based on the behavior of the Turkish government, we can draw no other conclusion than that his journalistic reporting is no longer desired in the country. This behavior toward our correspondent and, thus, also toward SPIEGEL and SPIEGEL ONLINE is, in our opinion, intolerable and also infringes on the freedom of the press. We have decided to withdraw Hasnain Kazim from Istanbul. He will now be based in Vienna. DER SPIEGEL and SPIEGEL ONLINE will obviously continue to report critically, but also fairly on events in Turkey."
The Blue Devils added a second commitment to the class of 2017 on Thursday afternoon when five-star scoring guard Gary Trent Jr. picked Duke.
Duke has earned a commitment from five-star scoring guard Gary Trent. The 6-foot-5, 210 pound prospect currently attending Prolific Prep in Napa, California announced his decision as part of ESPN's Recruiting Nation Signing Day Special.
"The thing about Duke, it was the brotherhood," said Trent. "Coach K and the opportunity. You can't turn it down."
Trent picked Duke over other finalists Michigan State and UCLA, and also had offers from high major programs such as Arizona, Kansas, Kentucky, Baylor, Oregon, Ohio State, and Wisconsin.
He is rated as the nation's No. 11 overall prospect and the second best shooting guard in they country according to the 247Sports.com composite ranks.
The addition of Trent gives Duke a strong wing combination for the class of 2017, as the newest Blue Devil joins four-star Georgia prospect Alex O'Connell as committed players. Duke will, of course, be facing heavy roster turnover from this season to next as players such as Grayson Allen, Matt Jones, and Jayson Tatum are most assuredly departing to either graduation or the NBA Draft.
Freshman Frank Jackson could also consider an early departure in June depending on how the upcoming season plays out, though most expect Jackson to be back as the starting point guard for next year's team.
So what kind of player are the Blue Devils getting?
“He's one of the premier shooting guards in the country,” said 247Sports' Andrew Slater. “He's a lethal scorer at all three levels. He was formerly known for his three-point prowess, but has improved his ability to score in the low-post using natural strength and 6'6" frame. Trent also moves well without the ball searching for spots in the mid-range area and has become a better passer. Defensively his effort has improved and is slightly above average. He's done a better job of filling passing lanes and using his physicality against his opponent. Trent also has a very good Basketball IQ and a very strong work ethic.”
As has been the case with many Blue Devils in recent years, Trent is a multipole gold medal winner within the Team USA program. This past summer he competed with the U17 team at the Wold Championships and started all seven games, averaging 12.7 points and 3.9 rebounds per game. We spoke with Team USA Head Coach and Youth Director, Don Showalter previously about Trent's strengths.
"He's gonna be a pro,” said Showalter. “He's in the same category as Wendell (Carter, Jr.) and Kevin (Knox). He's very gifted, but he sometimes struggles a bit with his shot. By the same token, however, he does it in a way that he doesn't let it bother him. He just moves on to the next shot and he does not force shots. He's not gonna come down and jack up shots that he can't make. The shots he takes are good shots. He's got a great mindset for the game. He's a really good competitor. He's a really good rebounder for a guard.“
Trent's father, Gary Trent, Sr., played in the NBA for nine seasons with Portland, Toronto, Dallas, and Minnesota.
Duke associate head coach Jeff Capel was the lead recruiter for Trent.
Annonse:
Gleder seg til debuten
- Først og fremst må jeg takke supporterne og de som har bidratt til å få overgangen i orden, smiler Markus Naglestad da overgangen til Sandefjord Fotball endelig var i orden.
Angriperen har trent med klubben i lengre tid og har også fått spilletid i treningskampene mot Stabæk og Strømsgodset i vinter. Nå er 25-åringen som kommer fra Fram Larvik glad for utfordringene som venter i Eliteserien.
- Det føles bra og jeg gleder meg veldig til å komme i gang med sesongen nå, sier Naglestad før søndagens serieåpning borte mot Lillestrøm.
- Det blir gøy å spille kamper som teller og det blir sikkert et fullsatt Åråsen til helgen. Vi gleder oss veldig til å komme i gang, sier Naglestad som har skrevet under for to år.
The Tucson, Ariz., Safeway where Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and many others were shot—including six people who died—on Jan. 9, 2011. Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
One year ago this week, Jared Lee Loughner pointed a Glock Safe Action Pistol at Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and shot her in the head. She fell to the ground; he turned, surveyed the parking lot where Giffords had been meeting voters, and emptied his 33-round clip into the first people he saw. Within two minutes he'd killed six and injured 17; he was only stopped when two would-be victims tackled him, one punching him in the face until he submitted.
This is painful to think about, but we're lucky. Any national tragedy, given a little time and distance, can be shrunk down to news-cycle size. The one-year anniversary of “Tucson” generated three kinds of news. One: A stupid fight between the chairmen of the Democratic and Republican national committees—the Democrat, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, claimed to see “a very precipitous turn towards edginess and a lack of civility with the growth of the Tea Party movement.” Two: A new quest by Sen. Lisa Murkowski to ban partisan seating at congressional speeches. Three: Some touching TV specials about how Giffords herself was recovering and how the families of Loughner's victims were dealing.
There's a gaping gulf between the shooting itself and the glib remembrances that make it into the news. Tom Zoellner's new book about the shooting, A Safeway in Arizona (Viking), almost fixes this. It's a close call: Zoellner drives up to the border of some dangerous literary journalism clichés. He knew Giffords. She actually inspired him to quit his dull newspaper job and strike out as a long-form writer, and when she ran for Congress, he worked for her campaign. But he avoids the Week With Marilyn-style “lessons a famous person taught me” trap. He psychoanalyzes Jared Lee Loughner, but he never claims to understand him. Zoellner's a flawed, broken narrator, which saves the book from quick or pat answers.
“Loughner was not a tornado or an earthquake,” Zoellner writes. “He emerged from a specific human context.” The context is vast: It's all of the cultural and political indicators that ruin Arizona. In Zoellner's riskiest chapter, he remembers Tucson as a rotten place to grow up. “My skateboard was no good on those new asphalt streets. … I would sometimes steal into an unfinished house in the late afternoons to smash out the windows with rocks.” He's not excusing Loughner, just describing what an isolated lifestyle in Arizona can do to people. The state ranks 48th among places where “people trade favors with neighbors” and 45th among places where people eat dinner with their families.
Loughner didn't bring his Glock to the Safeway parking lot because he ate lonely dinners. The “nobody talks to anybody” theory is just the one that nearly every one of Zoellner's interview subjects comes around to. The murders make Arizonans wonder if they're leading mean, unexamined lives. Zoellner thinks they are: Isolation is slowly ruining Arizona, and ruining the rest of the country at a slower pace.
Of course, Zoellner never really deals with the ultimate nullifier of all arguments about violent crime: In the last few years, as a recession has groaned on and on and Americans have grown more isolated, the crime rate has actually declined. Something must be worse now, right? Zoellner hones in on a few things that have changed rapidly and—from the liberal's perspective—horrendously. He talks with Jon Justice, a drive-time radio host who used to bully Giffords as socialist or socialist-enabler. “There is a blanket assurance in talk radio that one's interests are being looked out for,” writes Zoellner, “that some brave body is finally calling bullshit and speaking the truth to power.” Well, yes: But in the very next paragraph, Zoellner admits that “there is nothing new about this in America.” In a book ostensibly about how something new and dark is happening to the country, Zoellner points out that Dallas, before JFK's final visit, was roiled by right-wing conspiracy theories. “A report on the social context of Dallas in 1963,” writes Zoellner, “concluded that a pervasive culture of condoning violence as a way of settling disputes, as well as a competition to make outrageous political statements without shame or challenge, provided a logical arena for the sudden murder of a politician.”
Anyway, Loughner didn't pay much attention to partisan chest-thumping stuff. “A close look at his Internet writings,” writes Zoellner, “shows that he was neither right nor left in any classic sense. His primary conviction was that a band of shadowy forces were manipulating ordinary people unaware of the deception.” This is important—an observation that was made last year but got much less play than the immediate and stupid partisan quest to blame the Tea Party for Loughner. But it's only partly new. A schizophrenic (which Loughner seems to be) can seek out conspiracy theories about world government or lying language or Protocols of Elders with a couple of Bing searches. He's finding material that's been around for ages.
Zoellner realizes that Loughner was an even worse “theorist” than he was a fry cook. Toward the end of his wrap-up chapter, after listing eight “ifs” that could have prevented the tragedy (“if the state's electoral system was configured in a way that rewarded those who tried to build coalitions” … “if there had been a federal ban on arm's-length magazines that carry thirty-three bullets”), Zoellner wryly—maybe accidentally—throws his hands up. “The conversation that should have followed the Gabrielle Giffords shooting,” he writes, “was like that reckoning with race and inequality that was supposed to have started after Hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans.”
There's never any reckoning. There's only gawking and responsibility-dodging. Zoellner ends up blaming himself for this with a political anecdote. Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio's cartoonish anti-crime tactics have made him a star, politically invincible at home. “I had been one of his many enablers,” writes Zoellner, apologizing for his old Arizona Republic stories. Zoellner meets up with Arpaio for a new interview and realizes what a sucker he was. “I loved it when you blasted me,” Arpaio tells him. “My polls went higher!”
Had Zoellner screwed up when he profiled Arpaio? Why did he give so much attention to the revenge-happy sheriff and not to Arizona's withering public health system? Easy: The first story is easy to tell, and the second one isn't. The first one allows everyone to sit in judgment and debate, and the second one is complicated. Solving it might not be possible; if it is, it'll take a lot of money. Neither the problems nor the discussions are new. There's just less and less time to get people's attention. Wait too long, wait as long as it takes to publish a book, and they turn into the news cycle's slow-witted cousin: trivia.
On April 7, Deep Purple will return with a new album titled InFinite. It'll be the legendary band's first new record since 2013's Now What?!.
The band also premiered a new single titled “Time for Bedlam” as an introduction to the new album:
InFinite was produced by Bob Ezrin, who also worked with Deep Purple on Now What?!.
It's been a busy year or so for Deep Purple, who were finally inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame back in April. Drummer Ian Paice also suffered a minor stroke that prevented him from appearing at a few concerts, as well.
2017 is shaping up to be a big, big year for the band, though, with this album and subsequent Long Goodbye Tour — and its suggestive and mysterious title, something frontman Ian Gillan addressed as follows:
“If you take it literally, you may, quite reasonably, think the ‘Finite' part of the word describes the life of Deep Purple, with a clear beginning and a nebulous end; but what of the ‘in' bit? The word ‘infinite' is a three-dimensional, double-edged sword. It describes something that goes on forever in all directions; not unlike its temporal equivalent ‘Eternal'. What's that all about?”
Stay tuned for more about Deep Purple and their eventful year ahead!
This Kickstarter launch is for Phase II of my Emdrive project. Below is a brief summary of Phase I testing already completed:
Several institutions and private individuals have claimed to have measured “thrust” from asymmetric resonant cavities (frustums) when RF energy is applied. The thrust, which I will refer to as “The Emdrive Effect” or simply “Effect”, has been described as propellant-less, using only electromagnetic energy without solid or liquid propellant (fuel) being expelled and therefore consumed. If true, it is a revelation in physics that will have far-reaching implications. Controversy has arisen, claiming the Effect would violate Newtonian Laws; the Conservation of Momentum and Energy. Some proponents of the Effect claim there is no violation while others claim it is an as-yet-unknown force. Regardless, additional data is needed to validate the claims.
Phase I Test Results
Static Test #1 07/28/15 Static thermal test https://youtu.be/QFPTQMX8R0I
Static Test #2 07/31/15 Static thermal test https://youtu.be/hAejcKgIHqg
Static Test #3 08/01/15 Static thermal test https://youtu.be/cEIinPFO6gE
Static Test #4 08/04/15 Static thermal test https://youtu.be/sOdV12MN85w
Flight Test #1 08/25/15 Measure for displacement https://youtu.be/FPBs6zDmhwU
Flight Test #2 08/26/15 Measure for displacement https://youtu.be/P3_XtcjinRs
Flight Test #2A 08/29/15 Measure for displacement https://youtu.be/Oq44P8b87L8
Test Stand Walk-around 09/24/15 https://youtu.be/l241ecg6K3k
Flight Test #2B 09/24/15 Measure for displacement https://youtu.be/HPm2oPUPi2Q
Flight Test #2C 09/26/15 Measure for displacement https://youtu.be/J0JtHqG5cPc
Flight Test #2D 09/27/15 Measure for displacement https://youtu.be/djhxm1Ep12I
For the purpose of public release, NSF-1701 Flight Test #2D on 9/27/15 at approximately 3:40 PM EST is considered the first private, non-null (positive yet inconclusive) test of the EM Drive Effect outside of Europe and China.
• While an Effect was noted outside of thermal lift, the author, analyst and experimenter cannot speculate on a theory as to why the Effect is present.
• System noise was ruled out by an overlay of high resolution noise, or random micro-voltage variances in the measurement system using an open data channel. The overlay to the chart of the total deflection of FT #2D showed randomness and no correlation to the magnetron ON/OFF states.
• Through a series of calibrated weight tests on both a preheated and cold frustum, the Emdrive Effect averaged about 18 milligrams or 177 micronewtons of downward force, with the small end of the frustum facing the ground and magnetron positioned atop the frustum injecting RF energy into the big end. This was visually determined and recorded in Flight Test #2B through #2D. Reference weights of 20 mg, 50 mg and 100 mg were added to the balance beam directly above the frustum to provide a reference displacement at various times throughout the videos.
• The copper mesh was able to contain the magnetron's energy, provide less mass and help manage heat, but is inconclusive whether or not it limited thermal lift compared to solid copper.
HIV is not the end. Never.
Life has it's ways of throwing you a curve ball. This is something I got to know last year, and while I would've normally hit that ball back with a firm swing over the fence, I guess you could say things went quite different this time around…
It was August 2014 that I got to know my boyfriend. We met via Tumblr almost a year before, and during his trip through Europe in the summer of that year, we actually met in person for the first time. I knew from the very first second he stepped of that train that this would be the man I'd grow old with – no doubt about it. We immediately hit it off and over the course of his travels, he returned multiple times to spend time with me, my friends, and my family.
All good things come to an end, and so did his holidays. When he got back home in Germany in time for university to start, he popped in at the STD clinic first chance he got. I had already gotten back into the grind at my job, working with social media for a huge A brand, and rocking a promotion to a managerial position I had just gotten. Life was going great and I couldn't be happier.
Cut to to the 22nd of September. WhatsApp. On the train from Utrecht to Amsterdam.
“Jeff. I fucked up. I fucked up so hard.”
I texted him back, the train was packed and I couldn't call him right now, but I guess life doesn't wait until you're conveniently snuggled up on the couch at these moments.
“What?”
“Why is this happening?”
“Are you serious?”
“I wish I wasn't…”
“Are you serious? Do you have HIV?”
“Fuck”
“Baby, please, full sentences…”
“I am so incredibly sorry…”
Like I said – life doesn't wait, and it can be a cruel mistress. No matter what the next weeks would bring, at this moment, his health and well being were more important to me than anything else. We quickly discussed the moments that we had slipped up (only once or twice) and how he didn't get his results back before he went abroad because of summer holidays. We talked about how his viral load was 31k per ml, his CD4 had to be tested as soon as possible, and how we would manage things from here on out in regards of medication. I called work, explained the situation to my direct manager (trusting she'd understand) and went directly to the hospital that same day with my best friend.
They put me on PEP right away that evening and took quite a fair amount of blood. I slept exceptionally well, despite everything that happened. Trying to show my colleagues I deserved that new position and trying to keep my head occupied; I just went to work the day after, and the day after that. On Wednesday I got the news via phone (my choice)…
I am also HIV positive.
I didn't even know how to respond to said information, thanked the doctor and told him I'd be in asap to discuss the situation at hand. Ironically enough I was in the crisis room at work when this happened, heh.
The days went by and, while trying to cope with the side effects of PEP, the doctors and I discussed our approach to tackle this disease. I was at a viral load of 55k per ml and had a healthy CD4 of 700. Nothing to worry about physically, and honestly, it didn't affect me that much mentally. Most of the problems I had come from the combination of medication that I was still taking for the next month before I could start with my regular treatment (Truvada and Tivicay at the moment).
That same week Friday I was on my way to Germany again to the see the man of my dreams and be the very much needed support that he so deserved. While I had my family and close friends to support me, he had nobody in his life who knew at that time and who could be a safe haven for him. I can now say that, when I arrived, looking into someones eyes had never felt so good and it hasn't stopped feeling that wonderful ever since. Never has there ever been a single angry thought in my head.
“It takes two to tango.” so I have nobody to blame but myself.
Cut to 8 months later and we're about to move in together. He has quit his Engineering studies to start his nanobiology bachelors and I'm looking for a new opportunity in the online marketing and brand reputation business.
We are both feeling great and are undetectable, which means that the viral load (parts of the virus, if you will) in our blood is so low (less than 50 parts per ml) that the chances of us infecting anyone is statistically negligible. Luckily, we have no side effects whatsoever from the medication we're taking and it seems to be doing his job!
Our love is bigger than ever and being in this shitty situation really showed us that we can trust and build upon each other. We're stronger than any couple who's been together this relatively short has any right to be, but that has a damn good reason.
HIV is not the end, it has no right to be, but be smart about it. Educate yourself and be safe. Keeping this in mind, I can honestly say that the worst part of it is the stigma that surrounds it. Staying healthy is, relatively speaking and at least for us, quite easy. However; it can be difficult to cope with the stupid people of this world and, dear god, are there a lot of 'm.
I recently contacted the Dutch HIV Foundation to see if I can do some volunteering for them and I am looking for a way to engage an broader audience about, not just the dangers of unsafe sex, but also about what happens after the diagnosis. How to tell your friends, your family, future partners, etc. I've said it before and I'll say it again: HIV is not the end and there's no reason to be ashamed.
Feel free to reach out to us with any questions or comments you might have. We can only defeat the stigma by talking about it and teaching others – if my two cents can be a part of that? I couldn't be happier.
We're not claiming to be experts on marketing or anything, but Cables To Go should really consider a name change. The outfit who's job it is to make your life one that's completely devoid of cables has pumped out yet another cord-free solution in the Wireless USB Superbooster Extender. Said device, which has an admittedly sensational name, is comprised of two pieces: a receiver that connects to your USB-equipped PC via a standard USB cable and a wireless dongle that connects to whatever USB device you'd like to make wireless (a printer, a scanner, a heated blanket, whatever). The kit provides cordless connectivity up to 150 feet (even through walls), though you'll be paying dearly to take advantage. How dearly? $189.99 -- yeah, that dearly.
[Via PC Launches]
Documentary About Freeing Happy Birthday From Copyfraud Comes Out The Day After Happy Birthday Officially Declared Public Domain
from the happy-birthday dept
The Court hereby declares that, as of the Final Settlement Date, the Song entitled Happy Birthday to You! will be in the public domain.
You may recall that last fall, a judge ruled that Warner/Chappell did not hold the copyright on the song "Happy Birthday," as the company had alleged for decades (and which it used to take in approximately $2 million in licenses per year). Of course, while many in the press immediately claimed the song was in the public domain, we noted that was not what the court actually said, and the song had actually become something of an orphan work , and theoretically, someone else could claim the copyright. Indeed, the heirs of Mildred and Patty Hill (who are often cited as the creators of the song) stepped up to claim the copyright . In December, all the parties agreed to settle the case with Warner agreeing to pay $14 million to go to some of the people who had falsely licensed the song. But, part of the settlement agreement was a stipulation that the song, finally, officially be declared in the public domain.Last Thursday, the judge, George King, granted the settlement and officially declared Happy Birthday in the public domain:If you can't read that, it says:So now, after all this, it's finallyin the public domain.And, right on cue, Jenn Nelson, the filmmaker who started to make a documentary about the song and eventually decided to challenge the copyright status on it, has put out a great 15-minute documentary about the fight to free Happy Birthday from the bogus copyright claims of Warner/Chappell. Watch it here:
Filed Under: copyright, happy birthday, public domain
Companies: warner/chappell
If you're a Bruins fan, then it's likely you're indulging on a steady diet of Pasta.
Even if you're cutting the carbs, is there anyone to be more excited about these days than David Pastrnak? With 17 goals in his first 18 games in 2018-19, we haven't seen scoring this fierce in Boston since Cam Neely's 50 goals in 44 games way back when yours truly was a senior in college during the 1993-94 season.
I was in Boston in January 2015 on the night then-GM Peter Chiarelli announced that the B's would keep the Czech wunderkind in the NHL (thereby burning the 1st year of his ELC), and was lucky enough to sit down with him a day later to do the February 2015 New England Hockey Journal feature for that month.
Even back then, you just knew he was going to be special- he was humble, self-deprecating, and extremely hard-working, with Torey Krug pointing out that the 18-year-old was the first player on the ice at practice and the last one off. I still owe Eric Tosi (now with the Vegas Golden Knights) a debt of gratitude for not kicking me out of the B's dressing room when he came in after most every other player had left. “Tos” hooked a brother up, and this remains one of my most favorite pieces written in 17 years covering the Bruins for the NEHJ.
Here it is- enjoy the journey back a little less than 4 years ago. He's smashed expectations and to me- he's the modern 21st century version of Rick Middleton.
Enjoy!- KL
***
Pasta! Rookie sensation makes a big splash in the Bay State
By Kirk Luedeke
(Originally published in New England Hockey Journal, Feb. 2015)
David Pastrnak's pro hockey journey has only just begun.
It started out with bus rides to a small rink in a small, blue collar European city, followed by two years in Sweden before the young prodigy with the infectious smile and a world of potential arrived in Boston last fall. The 18-year-old Czech Republic native has energized the Bruins with his mix of talent and unbridled passion for the game.
He's a rare find in the modern era of the NHL: a teenager who is immediately ready to contribute, yet somehow managed to slip past the decision-making cycles of those early-drafting teams who could have benefited from his services and maturity the most. Instead, the Bruins landed Pastrnak in the bottom five selections of last June's NHL Entry Draft and in just eight months since, he's managed carve out a niche with the big club.
On Jan. 15, Bruins GM Peter Chiarelli announced that the kid everyone expected would be in Sweden playing pro hockey is staying in Boston beyond the 10-game window that will toll the first of a three-year Entry-Level Contract signed last July.
“Right now I'm going to be with the team but I just need to keep working hard,” said Pastrnak. “I try to play my best and don't think about anything else, just try to do all for the team and just play hockey.”
For anyone who saw Pastrnak's electrifying play in a two-game stretch where he potted four goals, the decision to keep him up was a no-brainer. The B's now have an opportunity to develop their young prize while also getting some immediate bang for the proverbial buck.
“He's been a real pleasant surprise in terms of his coachability and willingness to learn the other things that successful NHL players can do,” Bruins assistant GM Don Sweeney said recently. “We're encouraging him to round out his game while still maintaining that 1-on-1 skill that he brings, but we need to have a little patience to see him get stronger. “
Although the 6-foot, 172-pound right wing is sure to face a season of peaks and valleys as he adjusts to the daily grind of the NHL, legions of Bruins fans clamoring for more skill in the Boston lineup have quickly embraced his electrifying style of play and obvious speed and puck skills as a man dying of thirst would take to an oasis in the desert.
The speedy Pastrnak has been forced to grow up fast in the face of personal tragedy. His own backstory and the rapidity with which he's emerged as the NHL's youngest gun speaks to a remarkable talent, character and maturity that belies his youth.
Born and raised in the Czech Republic city of Havirov, Pastrnak grew up around the game. He said that his father, a former professional hockey player in their native country who also spent a couple of seasons in Germany, put him on skates for the first time at age two-and-a-half. By age three, he was playing competitive hockey.
But if Pastrnak's love of the game today shines through in much of what he says and how he carries himself on and off the ice, he didn't necessarily start out as a fanatical devotee of the sport.
“My mom told me that sometimes I didn't want to go to practice so she (would) just leave me (at home),” Pastrnak said. “My parents were never like, ‘ you have to go practice' they always asked me: ‘do I want to go practice?' and I said yes or no, but if I said no, I stayed home. I think that's an important thing too, because right now some parents are just pushing their children to play hockey all the time and that's maybe how they stop liking it, you know?”
Pastrnak wanted to be a goalie when he first started playing, but the cost of equipment and his own father's influence as a forward changed his mind pretty quickly in his early minor hockey days in Havirov.
Built as a coal-mining town after the Second World War, the city's some 77,000 inhabitants work hard for all they have. With just one hockey rink in town and a single professional team (AZ Havirov) that plays a rung below the Czech Republic's top league, it's not surprising that those humble roots and beginning for Pastrnak have allowed him to identify with a lot of what Boston stands for and certainly a lot of the die-hard fans who come out to cheer on their Bruins.
“I live on the beginning of main-street going through the whole city and at the end of the street is (the only) hockey rink,” said Pastrnak. “I always went there on the usual bus with all the people because we didn't have a car. It's a small town and the only sport in Havirov is probably hockey, so we have a really good crowd and fans there.”
He began his hockey developmental path in his native Havirov, rising through the pro club's corresponding minor system until age 16, when his father and family encouraged him to make the big step of leaving home for a higher level of competition in Sweden.
In 2012, he landed in Södertälje, an industrial city about 20 miles to the southwest of the Swedish capital Stockholm. Pastrnak's new locale was known for being the headquarters and manufacturing base fro the Scania AB truck company as well as former tennis great Björn Borg's hometown.
It was difficult for Pastrnak to leave when he did because his dad was battling cancer at the time. On the one hand, the teenager knew going to Sweden meant he would have a much better chance of landing on the NHL's radar, but on the other, he didn't know just how much time Milan Pastrnak had left. Unfortunately for David and the rest of his family, his dad lost the fight against the illness in May, 2013.
That personal loss saw the younger Pastrnak emerge as a force the following season, his draft year, opening eyes with his play with Södertälje's top pro club, competing in Sweden's Allsvenskan or second division. It was then that he dedicated every goal, every point to his father's memory- beginning a personal practice of kissing his hand and pointing to the sky when he found the back of the net. As the calendar flipped over to 2014, Pastrnak had made the Czech Republic World Junior Championship team and was cruising to be selected in the June entry draft's first round.
“At that time it was easy because my dad and my mom and everybody told me to just go there because it's the best for you and just improve,” he said of leaving home. “It doesn't matter how old I was –it was an important move and I don't think I would be here if I didn't go to Sweden.”
Riding the wave of a strong performance in the storied Under-20 tournament at the tender age of 17, Pastrnak soon took a big hit that knocked him out of the lineup for several months with a concussion. Although he was able to make it back to be a part of the Czech Republic's silver medal-winning entry at the 2014 World Under-18 Championship in April, he wasn't himself.
The lack of playing time in a stretch of about 80 days, a key period when NHL scouts are solidifying their views, and the mediocre performance in the event that left teams with their last impression of him didn't help his case. More than one talent evaluator has said since that the missed games and subpar U18 showing factored into his draft day slide being projected as a top-15 pick entering the season.
Of course, there are positive stories of Pastrnak at this time, too. He arrived in Toronto for the NHL's annual pre-draft combine, but the airline lost his bags, so he had to borrow clothes from fellow Czech and good friend Petr Vrana for his initial interviews. He took it all in stride, exhibiting none of the nervousness one would expect and made a positive impression on the teams he interviewed with.
Boston was one team in particular that was sold on his potential and attitude. Bruins GM Peter Chiarelli spoke openly on the draft floor in Philadelphia after the team snagged Pastrnak with the 25th overall selection that the team tried to move up from that spot to get him. That attempt was unsuccessful, yet the B's still got their man, and with hindsight being 20/20, they're real glad they did.
Management wasted little time in getting Pastrnak signed to a three-year deal after he shined at their July prospects development camp, and made it clear to him that with some work, there was a pathway to the NHL as soon as the upcoming season.
“Since I've been drafted I just try to do the best what I can to show they picked the right player,” he said after a recent game in Boston. “And (it's) just kind of motivation to show everybody, even the 24 teams in front of (Boston) which picked another guy, so it's kind of motivating to work hard and show the mistake to everybody.”
A shoulder injury suffered in early training camp sessions prevented the team and its fans from getting an extended look at Pastrnak in the preseason, but he immediately established himself in Providence.
“It's his foot speed, ability to make plays, putting defenses on their heels and second effort on the puck,” Providence Bruins head coach Bruce Cassidy said when asked about the things Pastrnak did in the AHL that will keep him in Boston. “He plays better away from the puck than when he got there in training camp. There are guys who come down here and they take it to heart what you tell them and there are other players who are like, ‘when I get (to Boston) I'm an offensive guy,' and they don't get it- there's a Bruins way and that's just the way it is.”
Growing up, Pastrnak idolized current Boston linemate David Krejci, 10 years his senior. With the announcement that the B's were keeping the rookie beyond the audition window, Krejci commented about his new “Czech buddy,” a line rounded out by hulking left wing Milan Lucic, whose heavy game own Serbian roots make him a welcome part of the trio.
“It's not set in stone that we're going to play together for the rest of the year, but for now the last couple of games have been pretty strong games, so as long as we keep working on things in practices and working hard in games there's a pretty good chance we'll stick together,” Krejci said.
Beyond the obvious natural ability and gifted hands, Pastrnak's intelligence and willingness to learn and improve his overall game have not only resonated with the coaching staff, but with the players in both Providence and Boston as well.
“He's got all the talent in the world and I think that energizes this team when a guy like him comes in and he's always smiling, he's always had fun and he's always looking to get better,” Boston defenseman Torey Krug said after a team practice. “I think he's still on the ice right now- he's always the last one off the ice and I think that's what makes the young players that stick…that's what makes them special.”
He put up more than a point-per-game scoring clip in Providence to begin the season, earning an initial five-game stint in Boston near the end of November (1 assist). However, Pastrnak's coming out party came in a two-goals each outburst against Philadelphia and Tampa Bay in back-to-back games last month. Even if he might not be a consistent presence on the scoresheet night in and night out, Pastrnak certainly showed why the B's were so high on him after the draft.
“He's definitely a great player,” Bruins coach Claude Julien said after Pastrnak's ninth game, the win over the Rangers. “We all want him here and I think the decision that was made was pretty unanimous. As a coach, I want him on my team.”
Boston veterans like Patrice Bergeron, who was exactly where Pastrnak is some 12-plus seasons ago when he made the Bruins as an 18-year-old rookie, are happy for the youngster's success and what he's bringing to the team dynamic.
“I'm really happy for him and it's well deserved,” said Bergeron. “Like I said before, he's one of these kids that wants to learn, he wants to get better. He's excited and happy to be here and I think we're seeing a shell of what he can be and that's something very special and we're all here to help him and teach him the way I guess, but so far he's been great and doesn't need much help.”
The young boy who rode that bus down Havirov's main street so many times is now a Boston Bruin, but the smile that could power the TD Garden jumbotron and his natural exuberance is very much ingrained in the fabric of who Pastrnak is as a player and person.
As he continues to grow and develop into the player his father always knew he would be, that natural love of the sport Milan Pastrnak helped foster in David will allow him to carve out his own legacy in Boston, one his dad would be proud of.
“I was there one day (being new to the NHL) and I was having a lot of fun, and I know he's having a lot of fun,” Krug said. “He can help our team win right now and that's why he's here. That's the biggest thing.”
In a 338-88 vote the House of Representatives today voted to pass the USA Freedom Act, a bill which extends the soon-to-expire provisions of the Patriot Act and offers some nominal reforms in the name of privacy.
Starting as a relatively weak reform bill from Sen. Patrick Leahy (D – VT) last year, the USA Freedom Act was further watered down, to the point that many are complaining it doesn't really do anything meaningful in reform at this point.
Opposition to the watered down bill grew even further with the recent Appeals Court decisions that Section 215 of the Patriot Act doesn't credibly support NSA surveillance anyhow.
Despite passing relatively easily in the House, it's future in the Senate is unclear, with both Sens. Rand Paul (R – KY) and Ron Wyden (D – OR) promising to organize a filibuster against any bill which extends Section 215.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
It's worse than a 7-10 split.
Bowlmor Lanes, New York's oldest bowling center, closed for good Monday night — ending a 76-year run that included countless birthday parties and dates, plenty of “Disco Bowling” and even celebrities such as Will Smith and former president Richard Nixon.
On Monday, everyday Earl Anthonys flocked to the University Place center to mourn the loss.
Lindsay Lohan bowls with her siblings at Bowlmor Lanes Times Square in 2011. (Albert Michael/startraksphoto.com)
"I've been on dates here, I've hosted parties here," said Christine Biela, a graduate student at nearby New York University. "I had to come one last time."
Two newer Bowlmor centers remain in the city — one in Times Square, the other at Chelsea Piers — as part of a larger chain of a dozen lanes. But owner Thomas Shannon said the Greenwich Village landmark was “the heart and soul of our company.”
“This is the one that started it all. You can't replace it,” added Shannon, who had bought the aging business in 1997 and revived it for a new generation by improving the food, drinks and music — though prices also rose considerably.
"This really is the only bowling alley I come to. It's a total loss," said Kit Xu, 26, of Brooklyn as she bowled with a friend. "The food is so good here. It's a shame it's closing."
Bowlmor Lanes brought style to the alleys, but it closed Monday after a 76-year run. (RAMIN TALAIE/BLOOMBERG NEWS) Talk show host and actress Ricki Lake enjoyed a game at Bowlmor in 1994 with Stuart Krasnow (left) and Ted Smith (center) as husband Rob Sussman stands next to them. (Kimberly Butler/Time & Life Pictures/Getty Images) Ball returns at Bowlmor bowling lanes. Bar at Bowlmor bowling lanes.
Employees said they would miss the spot and the regulars — including some whole families.
"I love this place," said Andres Restrepo, the Bowlmor district manager. "We've had families with four generations of bowlers coming here to hang out on a Sunday. Grandpa tells about times when Union Square wasn't the safest time, then his son talks about the 1980s.”
The bowling alley is closing Monday night after opening 1938, and the building will reportedly be turned into condos. (Barry Williams for New York Daily News)
Indeed, in the bad old days, a manager was once murdered in the alley. But more recently, the lanes have been a glamorous haunt for A-listers such as the Strokes, Sarah Jessica Parker, Jimmy Fallon and Al Pacino.
The lanes, between 12th and 13th Sts., opened in 1938 during one of bowling's periodic golden ages. In Greenwich Village today, the gold is in luxury housing — which is what the building, owned by real estate scion Billy Macklowe, will reportedly become.
A manager, Anthony Sorrentino, was once killed inside Bowlmor Lanes. Waitresses Naomi Ramirez (left) and Elissa Ramirez (not related) wait to serve customers on the last night of business at Bowlmor. (Barry Williams for New York Daily News)
"It's a sad day," concluded manager Chloe Leverone, who has worked at Bowlmor for seven years. "We have so many people from the neighborhood that come here every week. They can't believe it's closing."
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Nintendo has "ideas" for what it might do next with the Legend of Zelda series for the 3DS. That's the good news. The bad news is that Nintendo is keeping quiet on what these ideas are. The English translation of a Q&A session following Nintendo's annual shareholder meeting was published today, and in a section discussing future innovation for the Legend of Zelda series, Shigeru Miyamoto teased, "We have ideas for Nintendo 3DS which we have not announced yet, so I hope you will look forward to them."
The most recent Legend of Zelda game for 3DS was last year's The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds. One of its unique mechanics was a new ability for Link to morph into a painting to allow him to travel to places he otherwise could not reach.
Also during the investor Q&A session, Miyamoto discussed next year's Legend of Zelda game for Wii U, which is officially labeled an open-world game. Miyamoto said he doesn't really like that term, but he agreed to using it because it makes the game "easier for consumers to understand." For the upcoming Legend of Zelda game for Wii U, open world really means that there will be a "large world in which players can do numerous things daily," Miyamoto said.
This approach is an example of Nintendo trying to expand on the traditional formula of past Zelda games, Miyamoto said. "In the traditional The Legend of Zelda series, the player would play one dungeon at a time. For example, if there are eight dungeons, at the fourth dungeon, some players may think, 'I'm already halfway through the game,' while other players may think, 'I still have half of the game to play.' We are trying to gradually break down such mechanism and develop a game style in which you can enjoy The Legend of Zelda freely in a vast world, whenever you find the time to do so."
What are you hoping to see from the next Legend of Zelda games for Wii U and 3DS? Let us know in the comments below!
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Linkin Park's Chester Bennington has died aged 41 after an apparent suicide at home.
The Papercut singer was found dead at a private residence in Palos Verdes Estates in Los Angeles, at about 9 a.m. on Thursday.
Police responded to a call of a dead body in a house at Palos Verdes Estates, which is a suburb south of Los Angeles home, which law enforcement officials confirmed was the rock star's home.
The following morning on Friday, Coroner's office spokesman Ed Winter confirmed that Chester hanged himself from a bedroom door in his home near Los Angeles.
(Image: WENN.com)
USA Today reported that Winter confirmed authorities were investigating a possible suicide - though they did not disclose any details. He said a half-empty bottle of alcohol was found in the room where Chester's body was found, but no drugs were evident.
Mirror Online have contacted the singer's representatives for comment.
Chester leaves behind his second wife Talinda and six children. His bandmate and fellow frontman, Mike Shinoda, paid tribute to Chester just hours after the news broke on Thursday.
The rapper and singer wrote: "Shocked and heartbroken, but it's true. An official statement will come out as soon as we have one."
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: WireImage)
Dave "Phoenix" Farrell, Linkin Park's bassist, simply wrote: "Heartbroken"
While the band are yet to issue an official statement Linkin Park as a whole responded with a poignant, simple, and touching message of their own on Thursday.
Tweeting a picture, with no caption to their official account on Twitter, they chose to remember Chester for the idol and hero to many that he was.
The Californian singer is seen stood in the middle of the crowd at one of the band's gigs, surrounded by a sea of fans.
Stood with his shirt off, microphone clasped in hand, the One Step Closer hit-maker is surrounded by a sea of lights as the crowd hold up their phones.
The band also changed their official profile page on the micro-blogging site to show the picture as their banner shot, while their profile picture was changed from the band's logo to one of Chester singing.
Stars from across the musical world came forward to offer their condolences to the singer's family and friends.
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Twitter/linkinpark)
Nikki Sixx of Motley Crue and Sixx A.M. tweeted: "I am in tears.Chester just told me how happy he was…..He was such a sweet and talented man……Ifeel so sad for his family,band mates and fans [sic]."
Hayley Williams from Paramore penned a poignant message on her Twitter account, writing: "Artists are ppl compelled to bring beauty into a world that can be so dark. makes sense then that artists are always conscious of darkness."
She added in another tweet: "& maybe at times made more vulnerable by it? i don't know. life can be relentless. heart hurts for Chester's family/band/friends/fans [sic]."
The singer's body was taken away by officials early on Friday morning. At 7:47am local time in Los Angeles, cameras for Good Morning America showed a gurney bearing Chester's body with a sheet covering.
Four uniformed men, believed to be from the coroner's office were seen attending the gurney, as the nu-metal giant left his family home for the last time.
Hours after the late signer made his final journey away from his home, fans of the band began to lay flowers and tributes to the star at the boundary of the property.
(Image: GMA/ABC)
Bouquets of flowers were left stacked in a neat row along with pictures and notes to the singer, who passed away at the age of 41.
A large poster was hung on the gate. On it was the message: "Gone but never forgotten, Chester Bennington , 1976-2017." The sign also featured a love heart and the band's symbol.
Amongst the pretty blooms and flowers left by his fans were pictured of the singer and personal messages to him. One particular card stood out among the tributes. Partially obscured by flowers was a white sign which features angel wings and a halo in the sky.
Above the drawing was the quote: "The sun has set for you Chester Bennington. RIP."
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
The message references the band's hit-single Shadow of the Day, which was released from their third studio album, Minutes to Midnight.
The line on the card refers to these lines sung by Chester: "And the sun will set for you/The sun will set for you/And the shadow of the day/Will embrace the world in gray/And the sun will set for you."
Linkin Park were one of the seminal bands of the Noughties rap-metal movement, with their debut album, Hybrid Theory, considered to be a metal masterpiece.
Their last album One More Light was a particularly important album to both Chester and the band, as the singer revealed that it had helped him to turn the page on the "darkest time" in his life.
Speaking in an interview in May - obtained exclusively by Mirror Online - as the band prepared to release their seventh LP, the Californian singer revealed the album was to be a very "personal" piece of work, which had been "very therapeutic" for them to write.
“One More Light is for us a very personal and very therapeutic kind of record," he said. "We got into a lot of aspects of our lives that we probably wouldn't have normally shared with anyone and just dealt with it on our own."
He continued: “For me personally when we first started working on this record I was coming out of the darkest time of my life and it was all s**t that I was doing to myself. It was all stuff that I had control over but even though I felt differently at the time."
Speaking candidly about the bleakness he felt, Chester said: "I felt like the world was full of s**t and everybody I knew was full of s**t and life sucks and I was like ‘F***k it.' All that stuff it was just internal."
However, he added that the record was a turning point for him. Opening up about his personal struggle, he revealed that the process had helped him to focus on what was important, while he also said that entering therapy had also aided him.
"It was all really things I could work on if I chose to, and make myself happy," he said. "You know? Make myself capable of dealing with life on life's terms, like it's not always going to be peaches and cream but it doesn't always have to suck when it's not.
"For me it took a lot of work. It actually took me opening up and talking to my friends about it and writing about it, and like going to therapy and battling my demons."
(Image: FilmMagic)
(Image: Getty ica)
He revealed it was his wife Talinda, his six children, and indeed his band and friends who had helped him to find the strength to battle his demons.
Chester explained: “I came to a point in my life where I was like, ‘I can either just give up and f***ng die or I can f***ing fight for what I want.' And I chose to fight for what I wanted. I wanted to have good relationships. I wanted to love the people in my life. I wanted to enjoy my job. I wanted to enjoy being a dad and having friends and just getting up in the morning. Because that was a struggle for me.
Giving an insight into his life at home with Talinda - who he shared three of his children with - the singer received a sweet and encouraging note from his son, Tyler, 11.
A picture shared on Talinda's Twitter shows a mug with a note on it. Posted in June she captioned it: "Our Tyler is the best!"
A note on Chester's mug from Tyler reads: "Dad, enjoy your rehersal or whatever your doing todaye. Love life because it's a 'Casltel of Glass' - Tyler [sic]."
Linkin Park were in the middle of a world tour for their latest studio effort, One More Light, and had just wrapped up a European leg. Their next date the band were scheduled was supposed to be was July 27 in Massachusetts.
Coroner van with the body of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington
Linkin Park's last concert date is believed to have been their date at the Barclaycard Arena in Birmingham, following their shows in London.
Chester was one of the creative driving forces behind the Californian six-piece, who first rose to prominence alongside the likes of Limp Bizkit.
The band first formed in 1996, but it was with 2000's Hybrid Theory that they rose to prominence with hit-singles Crawling, One Step Closer, and In The End.
The band have released seven albums to date, with the last being One More Light, which came out in May of this year.
The Samaritans have a free helpline, available round the clock on 116123 for those affected by any issues reported in this article.
Norway is distancing itself from its Christian past. The Storting — the country's Parliament — will amend the constitution so that the state no longer has an official religion, ending the 1,000-year tradition of the Church of Norway.
A parliamentary committee report presented Tuesday contains a unanimous recommendation to have the state permanently separate from the church.
All 169 members of the seven parties in Parliament, including 10 representatives from the Christian Democratic Party and 30 from the Conservative Party, are said to be behind the move, according to a report from TV2.
The government will no longer have a minister of churches, and the state will no longer be responsible for the appointment of bishops and deans.
Instead, Norway will treat all religions and philosophies equally.
"The state will no longer engage in religious activities, but support the Norwegian church, national church and other religious and belief communities in line with it," reports NRK.
The Church of Norway is evangelical Lutheran and says on its website around 86% of the population are baptized members.
The amendments are expected to be formally passed Monday.
Former Virtus.pro and Gambit member Dmitry "hooch" Bogdanov has signed for Elements Pro Gaming, the Russian team have announced.
The 30-year-old will step into the shoes of Dmitriy "facecrack" Alekseyev, who has stepped down from the roster for undisclosed reasons.
Dmitry "hooch" Bogdanov has been without a team since October, when he was released by Gambit just weeks after guiding them to a quarter-final finish at ESL One Cologne.
hooch joins EPG
Shortly later, he helped mix team .Russia to a second-placed finish at the WESG European finals. At the main event, the team went out in the group stage following a two-way tie with Epsilon.
"Recently, I had been playing with different mix teams and players, but I did not feel that was what I wanted, so when EPG's offer came along I did not hesitate to join this team," hooch told HLTV.org. "I have played alongside the majority of the players on this team and I know what to expect from them. "I think we have a lot of potential but we will need to work really hard to achieve our goal, which is to qualify for the PGL Krakow Major's offline qualifier."
Formerly known as PiTER, the Russian team joined EPG's ranks in November. Since then, they have competed in a number of small online tournaments, most notably finishing 3rd-4th in GO:CL Season 5 and second in Hellcase Cup #1.
This is the second roster change for EPG this year, after Kirill "Boombl4" Mikhailov was announced last month as Vladyslav "arch" Svistov's replacement. With hooch's addition, EPG now have:
Biometrics measures the distinct traits that people have on their bodies. Examples of physiological biometrics are all the things we think of most commonly as physical identifiers--hair color, eye color, sex, skin color, height, weight, and so on.
In other words, the government itself defines photographs as biometric identification.
Daily Beast blogger Justin Green, who blogs on columnist David Frum's Daily Beast blog, has responded to Wired's recent article “Biometric Database of All Adult Americans Hidden in Immigration Reform.” Green thinks that there is no reason for concern, writing that “fortunately, Wired's assertion is false.” Unfortunately, he has been misled. First, Green claims that biometric information is being collected, but “those affected are unauthorized aliens, not American citizens.” But this is incorrect. The E-Verify database will affect every single U.S. citizen who is a potential worker. Given the fact that the database will include photographs, it is biometric. Green responds by quoting an anonymous Senate aide telling him that photos aren't “biometric” by any “reasonable definition.” This might just be semantics, but as identification expert Jim Harper notes in his book In other words, a picture contains a host of biometric information about you, not just one piece of biometric information. Is this an uncommon or “unreasonable” definition? Well, I think the standard for reasonable or common usage would be Wikipedia, which defines biometrics as “identifiers are the distinctive, measurable characteristics used to label and describe individuals.” Under this definition, photographs would also apply, and in an age of facial recognition software , it would certainly not be difficult to take a picture of an individual and use it to find them in such a database. Never mind how experts or the general public use the word, the phrase biometric identification has a specific legal definition. Under 46 USC 70123 , “the term “biometric identification” means use of fingerprintand facial and iris scan technology and any other technology considered applicable by the Department of Homeland Security.”Second, Green claims that “the Wired article is also aggressively misleading in stating that the photo tool will include ‘photographs of everyone in the country with a driver's license or other state-issued photo ID.'” He again quotes the anonymous Senate aide, saying that Congress cannot “simply mandate individual states to just turn this information over to the federal government, that would be unconstitutional under.” Instead, the bill provides for states to enter into agreements with the federal government. The Senate aide is correct, so Wired's claim is actually a prediction rather than a provision in the bill. But it's unlikely to be proved wrong. It is hard to imagine that states will refuse the $250 million offered to them by the bill in exchange for the photos. Already, states like Florida and Mississippi are handing over driver license and state ID information to the federal government. It is implausible to imagine that other states would turn down millions of dollars in exchange for a few photographs. If your photo isn't in the database, the bill provides for an open-ended “identity authentication mechanism.” Although the bill doesn't describe what this is, Green seems to think that the prospect of providing, for example, “detailed biographical information” to the government is somehow privacy enhancing— I beg to differ . Finally, I was quoted in the article as saying that “the most worrying aspect is that this creates a principle of permission basically to do certain activities, and it can be used to restrict activities. It's like a national ID system without the card.” Green simply asserts “Except it isn't,” and then says the bill prohibits a national ID card. But so what? If government officials can look you up in a database with two clicks of the mouse, how is that not a national ID? E-Verify does, and will, violate citizens' right to live and work privately, or anonymously. It will create a centralized digital record of an individual's E-Verify queries, worksites, and locations, and Sen. Schumer has already said he wants biometric national ID that “is used in all instances the Social Security card is used.” Moreover, it is a system that can and will be used to monitor and restrict access to almost anything from controlling Internet access to monitoring gun sales—if Americans accept that as “not national ID,” then the phrase has lost all meaning. As Supreme Court Justice Stevens said , writing the opinion of the Court in 1995, “anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority.” I say , “Mr. Stevens, reinforce that shield.”
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved
BETHLEHEM, N.Y. (NEWS10) - A Troy mother is Tasered by police after officers said she resisted them when she was pulled over on a warrant.
Police said they got a call from Sonja Panichi's ex-husband last week. He claimed Panichi had taken their daughter, sick with fever, to her teaching job at the Glenmont Job Corps. Panichi allegedly left her daughter in her Honda Pilot parked in the school's parking lot for an hour while she taught.
Panichi's 8-year-old daughter told police her mother feared she would lose job over another sick day.
In a statement to police, the girl claimed her mother told her to "lay down in the back seat" so no one would see her. The girl said the windows were down, but she was scared.
In the statement, the girl said she texted her mother to say she had to go to the bathroom, but that her mother only returned to the car with a bucket meant for the girl to urinate in.
Police said Panichi's own time card showed her arriving at work at 8:25 a.m. and leaving at 9:50 a.m. around the time she took her daughter to the doctor.
Bethlehem police said they had a warrant for Panichi's arrest when they pulled her over on a busy stretch of road, but they said she would not comply with the officer's orders to get out of her car.
When she did get out, she allegedly pushed an officer into traffic. It was then that police said the arresting officer reached for his Taser.
"Just enough force to gain her compliance and affect that arrest without endangering anyone else or lives and safety," Bethlehem Police Sgt. Adam Hornick said.
Panichi did not have a comment and closed the door on NEWS10 ABC reporter Anya Tucker. NEWS10 ABC was at her home in March after Panichi's then-boyfriend Joshua Elston, a former Troy City Court officer, was arrested for forcibly touching a child.
It's unclear if the victim is Panichi's same daughter.
Child Protective Services is now involved and the girl is living with other family members.
First - jocelyncd.deviantart.com/art/R… Gallery - jocelyncd.deviantart.com/galle… Prev - jocelynsamara.deviantart.com/a… Next - jocelynsamara.deviantart.com/a… Hmm... still oddly quiet on the Kellen front...Also, the fourth panel makes me laugh. Unlike some dream episodes/chapters in many other stories, I don't want it to have "not mattered". So Rain may still dwell on it from time to time. ^_^Anyway, getting to the most important point, considering what happened to her hair and her sister, it's easy to first think Rain made a poor decision in visiting this weekend. But on the other hand, she did get to talk with her brother, and we see a monumental improvement in their relationship between the Christmas arc and now. This might not have happened - at least, not any time soon - if she hadn't made this trip. And as awkward as this might still be for them, one can plainly see Rain is happy to have her big brother back, and Aiken is happy to have his little sister at all. Does that make the trip worth it? Well, I'd be interested to know what you think.©2004-2015Rain, all characters and all other aspects of the story are copyright material belonging to me.
Amazon plans to expand its Fresh grocery delivery service this year to new markets including Boston and the United Kingdom, according to multiple sources, after what has been a 18-month hiatus from launches in new cities.
The AmazonFresh service lets Amazon customers order groceries, including perishable items like dairy, meat and fish, for delivery within 24 hours. It's only available to customers who buy a $299 Prime Fresh membership, which also includes other perks that come with the company's regular $99 Amazon Prime program.
Amazon began testing the service in 2007, but has been slow to expand it since then. Today, it is only available in parts of Washington state, California, New Jersey, New York City and Philadelphia.
It has been 18 months since Amazon launched Fresh in a new city, though sources say the company originally planned to launch in the U.K. last year. It's not clear what has held up that launch, but industry sources speculate that a deal with U.K. grocer Morrisons may have slowed down its plans.
The new launches appear to indicate that Amazon is going all in on the grocery delivery market, which is tiny in the U.S. today — making up less than 5 percent of grocery sales — but has the potential to be a giant market.
Separate from its Fresh service, Amazon also partners with local grocers in some cities to offer a limited catalog of perishable foods and beverages through its two-hour delivery service, Prime Now. Its Prime Pantry service lets Prime customers fill a box for a $5.99 fee with packaged groceries it doesn't otherwise offer.
Amazon is also gearing up to begin selling its own brands of grocery items, and recent reports suggest the company may open drive-up grocery stores, too.
"They are very, very committed," said Keith Anderson, a vice president at Profitero, a startup that provides e-commerce analytics to retailers and brands.
The multitude of offerings, however, have confused some in the industry who are waiting for a single unified initiative.
"[W]e're playing with a lot of different models to see what resonates with consumers and it'll guide our investment decisions going forward," Amazon Chief Financial Officer Brian Olsavsky said on Amazon's most recent earnings call, in response to an analyst's question.
The pace of the Fresh expansion, which has been slow by Amazon standards, likely has to do with the difficult economics of grocery delivery. Amazon has to open refrigerated warehouses, carry its own stock of perishables and hire delivery people in each new Fresh market — considerable costs that eat up profits. Compare that with a model like Instacart's, which requires signing up grocers and hiring workers but includes no warehouses and no inventory risks associated with food that goes bad.
"I think the pace of rollout is almost a necessity and is gated by a lot of things, not the least of which is talent," Anderson said. "In many ways, running a local online grocery market is like a mini business unit. It's very different than a national model where you have people at headquarters and they can manage everything."
At the same time, the steep Prime Fresh membership fee continues to puzzle some industry insiders who can't understand how the service could possibly go mainstream with such a price tag.
"Amazon Fresh is good, but not so compelling to justify a $200 premium over standard Prime membership," Anderson said in a followup email.
Sources say that Tom Weiland, the longtime Amazon customer service head who was named as head of Fresh two years ago, is no longer running the service. It's not clear who is in charge now.
Amazon's grocery efforts pit it against companies like Instacart, Peapod, FreshDirect and even Jet.com in some markets, but all of these businesses are really competing with traditional grocers to change consumer behavior.
An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment.
A popular D.C. brewpub now has a new space to brew its beloved beers. Details on D.C.'s newest brewery.
Behind the bar, a 12-tap system pulls directly from kegs in the production space's refrigerator. Cheston says the brewery will have three constant beers on tap, including a smoked pale beer, a slightly hoppy pale ale and “an extremely sour beer,” called Diamonds, Fur Coat, Champagne. (WTOP/Rachel Nania)
A popular D.C. brewpub now has a new space to brew its beloved beers. Details on D.C.'s newest brewery.
D.C.'s newest production brewery opens this week WTOP's Rachel Nania | http://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/1-RIGHT-PROPER-BREWERY-rna.mp3 Download audio
WASHINGTON — A popular D.C. brewpub now has a new space to brew its beloved beers.
On Dec. 3, Right Proper Brewing Company will officially open the doors to its new 6,300-square-foot production facility and tasting room in the Northeast neighborhood of Brookland.
“When we opened the brewpub [in 2013], we had no idea that we would get to this point so quickly,” says Right Proper co-founder Thor Cheston about the growth of the business.
But it did — much to the delight of local beer fans.
At the second location, Right Proper will be able to brew a lot more beer and distribute its product outside the brewpub to local bars and restaurants. Customers can also drop in to take a tour, fill a growler, or relax in the tasting room with a flight of their favorites.
Already planning your visit? Here are 5 things to know about D.C.'s newest brewery:
1. Right Proper will be able to brew a lot more beer.
The former auto repair shop at 920 Girard St. NE has been transformed into a shiny state-of-the-art brewing facility, complete with six 30-barrel stainless steel fermentation tanks and three 45-hectoliter French oak foudres. (Comparatively, the T Street brewpub operates on a five-barrel brewing system.)
The expansion will allow Right Proper to grow from brewing 1,000 barrels a year to up to 15,000 barrels a year, The Washington Post reports.
“We really did step it up here,” Cheston says about the new space. “This is kind of more the Mercedes-Benz.”
The eye-catching oak foudres, which are technically manufactured for the wine industry, will be used by Right Proper's head brewer Nathan Zeender to make several of the brewery's “wild” beers.
“The difference between fermenting in wood and fermenting in stainless steel is that the wood is porous,” Cheston explains. This means that when the yeast is added in the brewing process, some of it remains in the wood.
“They'll become reliant on a regular influx of beer, and so each one of these foudres kind of becomes its own ecosystem.”
2. The brewery will keep its product “at an arm's reach.”
The new production facility will not only allow Right Proper to make more beer, it will allow the brewery to distribute its product outside of the brewpub. Just hold off on alerting friends around the country to be on the lookout for your favorite suds.
Cheston says for now, Right Proper will focus on distributing to other bars and restaurants in the District — and it may stay that way.
“I don't really have any aspirations of becoming the next Sierra Nevada or Dogfish Head. We love the District and we just wanted to make something beautiful for the District. … I think we'll be happy just sticking around here,” he says, adding that he admires the Wisconsin brewery New Glarus for its stance on distribution.
“They want to keep all of their products at an arm's reach, have more control over their freshness and quality. They truly believe that almost all beer should be [consumed] fresh. Right now we plan to follow that model, to try to keep our beers at an arm's reach.”
Cheston says to start, Right Proper will launch its beers at Pizzeria Paradiso in Georgetown, Churchkey and Brookland Pint.
In the past few years, D.C. has grown from a city with zero distribution breweries, to a town with many, and finding numerous local beers on tap is becoming the norm. But that doesn't worry Cheston.
“I think the city is nowhere near being saturated with its own homemade beer,” he says.
3. The Brookland brewery isn't just for production — there's plenty to taste too.
Cheston says creating a “pretty” tasting room was a priority for the brewing company. Customers who pop in to partake in a pint can belly up to the bar or claim a table — both are made from one cherry tree that fell in co-owner John Snedden's backyard a few years ago.
“The first plan was to use it for the brewpub, but the wood wasn't ready. It had to mature,” Cheston says. By the time the owners were ready to build the Brookland space, the wood was ready to go. “I just can't believe how much we got out of it.”
A mural by Patrick Owens, the same artist responsible for the brewpub's decorated walls, depicts a violent storyline of animals escaping from the zoo and taking over the world. “We don't like to take ourselves too seriously; we like to have a lot of fun,” Cheston says about the idea behind the mural.
Behind the bar, a 12-tap system pulls directly from kegs in the production space's refrigerator. Cheston says three beers will remain on tap, including a smoked pale beer, a slightly hoppy pale ale and “an extremely sour beer,” called Diamonds, Fur Coat, Champagne. “And then the rest will be limited release to the outside, but almost always available at the brewpub,” he adds.
Fans of Right Proper's pickle dip and other Southern-inspired fare will have to get their snack fix before venturing out to Brookland. The brewery will not serve food in the tasting room, but Cheston says the new location will likely have food trucks come out on the weekends.
4. The bathroom hits all the right notes.
The Brookland brewery is equipped with a state-of-the-art sound system, but another feature will likely catch the attention of music lovers: an upright piano in the bathroom.
“This is what happens when permits and licenses are delayed and I have idle time,” Cheston says.
Originally, Cheston wanted to put bunk beds in the oversized bathroom, just off the tasting room, to create a dormlike ambience. However, his co-workers convinced him to drop the idea, so he bought a piano off Craigslist instead. Now the vibe in the bathroom is more “grandma's parlor,” and less “college dorm room.”
And yes, the piano is tuned, so play away.
5. A patio is in the works.
Patio drinking may not be top of mind during the winter, but come spring, sipping on beers in the sunshine is a favorite pastime of Washingtonians — and Right Proper plans to accommodate the demand.
Cheston says the brewery has submitted all the paperwork and plans are moving forward for a patio space. Right Proper will build a retaining wall, install planter boxes with herbs, set up a small seating area and even dedicate a large section to bike parking.
Right Proper's production brewery and tasting room is at 920 Girard St. NE. It will be open from 5 to 9 p.m. Thursdays and Fridays, and from 1 to 9 p.m. on Saturdays and Sundays.
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and WTOP on Facebook.
© 2015 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
After they are ordained, Catholic priests can't have sex or get married. This week the Royal Commission asked the question: could the tradition of celibacy have partly led to the high rates of sex abuse in the Church?
Here are the church's own figures:
40 per cent of the members of the brothers of St John of God had allegations of abuse made against them between 1950 and 2010
That's compared with 20 per cent of Marist brothers and 22 per cent of Christian brothers
Between January 1980 and February 2015, 4,444 people alleged incidents of child sexual abuse
1,880 people holding positions in the Catholic Church, including priests, were identified as alleged perpetrators
The same day these figures were released, Dr Michael Whelan, a Marist priest, told the inquiry that the church's law of celibacy was misguided and should not be in place. He said celibacy was "a huge issue for the Catholic Church and we have to deal with it".
The argument usually runs like this - on one side are those who say that celibacy produces sexual frustration which then finds outlets in pedophilia or some other deviant sexuality. Alongside this is the related argument that paedophiles are harder to detect among celibate men, and for this reason the tradition of celibacy draws paedophiles to the priesthood.
The counter-argument is that not all celibate men or women abuse children. Most of this abuse happens within the family. Blaming celibacy distracts from the real causes of child abuse. This is basically the official view of the Church, though there are dissenting voices.
"I think it is unjust, actually," Dr Michael Whelan told the inquiry on Monday.
"And I think there were a lot of people who came into religious life... but they weren't really called to celibacy and they should never have been there."
Versions of these arguments go way back - at least as far back as Martin Luther, the father of the Protestant Reformation. In the sixteenth century he warned that celibacy led to masturbation (Protestantism and Anglecanism in general does not require celibacy):
"Nature never lets up," Luther warned. "We are all driven to the secret sin. To say it crudely but honestly, if it doesn't go into a woman, it goes into your shirt."
Have Catholic priests always had to be celibate?
No.
The Church was over a thousand years old before celibacy became law in the twelfth century. Part of the reason for the change, according to Newcastle University historian Hilary Carey, was a power struggle between the Church and the state - made up the aristocratic families and the monarchy. By keeping priests celibate, the Church made sure its property wasn't lost through marriage.
The ban on marriage also lifted the status of priests. Celibacy is now considered an important part of the Roman Catholic priesthood, a sign of commitment to God.
What do the priests say?
It's not easy.
In 2005, Dr Jane Power surveyed more than 300 Australian priests for her doctoral thesis at the Australian Catholic University. She found that 70 per cent of them didn't agree with mandatory celibacy, and they listed celibacy as one of the major reasons for wanting to leave. Eighty-two per cent had thought about leaving. That's important because lack of young priests is a problem for the Church.
It's possible fewer would leave, and more would give the priesthood a go, if they are able to marry. The average age of priests in Australia is above 60, and a big chunk are about to retire.
"If a person is going to be able to live a celibate lifestyle they may have to be very emotionally mature and, unfortunately, the development in seminaries often comes from people who have not experienced a normal psycho-sexual development," Dr Power told Hack in 2011.
This makes it difficult for these young priests. It's almost as if their sexual development is arrested when they go into seminaries.
The argument about compulsory celibacy is happening within the Church. In 2014, the Truth, Justice and Healing Council advising the Australian Catholic Church dropped a bombshell. It stated in a report. "Obligatory celibacy may also have contributed to abuse in some circumstances." No other Catholic officials worldwide had explicitly linked sexual abuse with celibacy - a thousand-year-old tradition of their religion.
It was quickly dismissed by the Vatican.
At the centre of the debate are the priests themselves - the men who know best what it's like to be celibate. Back in 2011, Hack met up with a 29-year-old in his third year of training to be a priest. He was celibate. "In a way, you feel like something's missing," Stephen Varney said at the time.
"There's no denying that the call to celibacy is hard."
"But I said to one of my mates, no-one is ever fully sexually satisfied. And he had to concede that no-one is.. and there is more to [personal] development than being with someone else and experiencing every possible scenario there is."
He's now been ordained for 18 months and serves the Wollongong diocese.
"Personally I find celibacy, despite its difficulties, it really gives me the capacity to be a minister to people with 100 per cent commitment," he told Hack this week.
"I don't know if I could give that full commitment to the Church and my wife and children at the same time. I think I would be doing both jobs poorly."
'It's not about lack of sex, it's about a lack of intimacy'
The argument over celibacy is partly about ideal versus reality - and that's a question that goes to the heart of religion, and the idea of sin and transcendence. By being celibate, a priest is providing an example of a life that is free of earthly desires. They are supposed to be living a more spiritual existence. Celibacy is not just about saving time. The struggle of resisting desire is key.
But the toll this takes on the priest may be too much, according to Dr Michael Whelan, the Marist priest who gave evidence at the Royal Commission.
He told the inquiry that the trying to live up to being an idealised person produced "enormous conflict between what I was discovering in myself and what I was supposed to be."
The problem was not simply celibacy, but the culture it created. To this end, he said the Church should get rid of the training colleges for priests. "Seminaries are like boarding schools and I don't think they are healthy environments for maturation to take place."
A similar idea was put in evidence by Broken Bay diocese priest Dr David Ranson, who said the Catholic tradition had an "unrealistic expectation that life is lived perfectly".
This is very dangerous because it means then that people's vulnerability and their struggle goes subterranean.
Dr Ranson said the problem was a lack of intimacy, and not just a lack of sex. One of the commissioners, Justice Peter McClellan, asked Dr Ranson how a celibate person could maintain a healthy personality while resisting normal sexual urges.
"Because sexual expression doesn't exhaust the ways of being intimate. It's linked to the way we imagine intimacy," Dr Ranson answered.
"It would be a disaster if one's life was not open to the possibility of intimacy - and sexual relationships are only one form of intimacy.
"Every encounter holds the possibility of intimacy.
"To work together closely on a project is an expression of intimacy, to enter into another's pain with empathy and with presence is a way of expressing intimacy.
"Intimacy as I understand it is a decision to be present to another."
There have been reports Pope Francis is open to the idea of dropping the centuries-old ban on priests getting married, but the change is unlikely to come anytime soon. The 2018 Synod, when bishops get together to advise the Pope, will not discuss priestly celibacy.
If this story brings up issues for you, there are people you can talk to. 1800 RESPECT deals with sexual assault and domestic violence. You can also talk to Lifeline Australia on 13 11 14 or access their website here.
Police were called to a Council Bluffs home for an attempted abduction call around 11 p.m. Thursday.The victim said she was walking near Main Street and West Broadway when she was approached by a Hispanic man driving a blue SUV and asking for directions to a grocery store.The victim stepped towards the car and she saw the man was nude from the waist down.The man reached for the woman as she ran away.Police located Pablo Escalante-Cabriales, 19, driving in the area and he was arrested.
Police were called to a Council Bluffs home for an attempted abduction call around 11 p.m. Thursday.
The victim said she was walking near Main Street and West Broadway when she was approached by a Hispanic man driving a blue SUV and asking for directions to a grocery store.
Advertisement
The victim stepped towards the car and she saw the man was nude from the waist down.
The man reached for the woman as she ran away.
Police located Pablo Escalante-Cabriales, 19, driving in the area and he was arrested.
AlertMe
While the Rockets are trailing the Warriors 3-1 in the series, Jason Terry isn't giving up.
Terry spoke to reporters Tuesday and guaranteed that the Rockets would beat the Warriors in Wednesday's Game 5. But he didn't stop there. According to ESPN's Calvin Watkins, Terry plans on getting another NBA trophy tattoo if the Rockets win the title.
Jason Terry guaranteed the Rockets will Game 5. Plans on getting a tattoo of the NBA trophy if they win the… https://t.co/Oqe3udiETO — Calvin Watkins (@calvinwatkins) April 26, 2016
He probably doesn't need to make plans on that, though.
Nobody seems to be giving the Rockets much of a chance — even if the Warriors are missing Curry. But that's some serious confidence from Terry.
Jason Terry: "That's going to be a long flight for them to come back … to Houston." — Jonathan Feigen (@Jonathan_Feigen) April 26, 2016
We'll see if he can back the talk up on Wednesday.
Bats are hosts to the deadliest viruses we know, but far from infecting humans they may actually hold secrets to improving our health and longevity
167/Joel Sartore/Ocean/Corbis
EMMA TEELING loves bats. She is so keen on them that she has spent the past three summers clambering around Gothic churches in Brittany searching for greater mouse-eared bats under dusty eaves and in dark bell towers. She is aware that others do not share her passion. Bats have been demonised throughout history and across cultures. For most of us, Teeling's little furry fliers are the crepuscular creatures of folklore, witchcraft and horror stories.
Indeed, the dread instilled by bats has only increased in recent years, with the discovery that they harbour the viruses that cause Ebola, SARS, MERS and other so-called emerging infectious diseases. Often fatal in humans, an outbreak of any of these is likely to cause widespread panic – and bats have paid the price. Although they rarely spread these pathogens directly to humans, whole bat colonies are being killed in the name of public health. But where some see a problem, Teeling, a geneticist at University College Dublin in Ireland, sees an opportunity.
The thing is, bats are weird. They don't just carry headline-grabbing viruses, they are also renowned for the huge number and diversity of pathogens they host. In other mammals these would result in sickness or death, but bats hardly ever succumb to viral diseases. They almost never get cancer, too. In fact, they generally live between three and 10 times longer than other mammals of their size – one male Brandt's bat tagged in Siberia in 1962 was recaptured 41 years later, still sprightly enough to catch prey and dodge predators. In the past, researchers have put …
The city spent $18,676 for the late Councillor Rob Ford to lie in repose at city hall over two days. The public visitation, unprecedented for a former mayor, involved opening City Hall on Easter Monday, when it is typically closed.
Councillor Rob Ford lies in repose in the rotunda at Toronto City Hall.on March 28. ( Bernard Weil / Toronto Star )
Most of the expenses incurred were for unionized staff overtime, including $11,539 for security officers. City spokesperson Jackie DeSouza said in an email that “all costs are being covered out of existing budgets.” Non-unionized staff and management who are not entitled to paid overtime will be given time in lieu, she said. The city and Mayor John Tory signed off on the public memorial at the request of the family. It included Ford's casket lying in the rotunda with a revolving ceremonial police guard, where members of the public could pay their respects, speak with Ford's family and sign books of condolence.
Article Continued Below
Over two days, more than 5,500 people lined up to do so, according to an official tally. At Ford's funeral on Wednesday, his brother Doug Ford praised both Tory and the city for their efforts. “Protocol's incredible,” he said of staff in the city office that handled the arrangements. “They did an incredible job.” Of Tory, Ford said: “I want to say a special thanks to Mayor John Tory. He's bent over backwards for our family, he's filled every request.” A police spokesperson estimated some 150 officers were involved in a funeral procession that blocked off Queen St. from city hall to Yonge St. and King St. to St. James Cathedral.
The Toronto Paramedic Services' Honour Guard was also given a $1,500 honorarium. It's not clear if the uniformed presence was at an additional cost to the city, which covers the police service's more than $1-billion budget. A police spokesperson did not clarify Friday afternoon.
Article Continued Below
DeSouza said the city covered costs for refreshments for the police chief's ceremonial unit who stood by the casket in rotating shifts for nearly 24 hours, part of a total $1,226 refreshments cost. There's little precedent for someone lying in repose at city hall or costs incurred by the city. Two sitting mayors who died in office had public memorials at what is now Old City Hall in 1936 and 1963. As part of a state funeral, NDP opposition leader Jack Layton lay in repose at city hall after lying in state in Parliament. Heritage Canada organized arrangements in that case. DeSouza said the city would have incurred overtime costs since the visitation took place Friday evening and Saturday morning, along with refreshments for the police honour guard and the family. She said she did not have specific figures but that those costs would have also been absorbed in existing budgets.
Read more about:
Abortion rights activists may have found an unlikely ally in the Satanic Temple, which has vowed to oppose a new Texas state rule requiring fetal tissue be given a burial or cremation.
In two weeks, a new state rule on medical waste will take effect in Texas, meaning aborted fetal tissue must undergo “interment.”
From December 18, Texas hospitals and abortion clinics will no longer be permitted to place fetal tissue in sanitary landfills and instead will have to organize a burial of sorts. Although not an official law, the rule could be used to guide court procedures.
The Satanic Temple, which uses Satan as a symbol to promote secularism, has now denounced the rule for enforcing a “well-established component of religious practice.”
The group has already targeted the inclusion of religious practices in education and local government by setting up an “After School Satan Club” in Oregon and hailing the Dark Lord in a prayer at an Alaskan council meeting.
READ MORE: Educatin' with Satan: Oregon elementary school lets Satanic club rival Christian group
In a statement, the organization said government must provide a reason for advocating burial.
“Clearly, the State of Texas has no compelling reason because these rules were not enacted to promote health and safety, but rather to harass and burden women who terminate their pregnancies,” the group said.
Tenants of The Satanic Temple (TST) pic.twitter.com/3xFOgc7CkC — AtheistHuman (@AthiestHuman) September 26, 2016
The group has threatened legal action against the state “to protect the rights of our members.”
Abortion rights group, NARAL Pro-Choice Texas, argues that Rule 1.136 does nothing but “impose an undue burden on Texans seeking abortion care.”
NARAL say health care providers and abortion clinics already work within the law to dispose of medical waste and claim the insistence on burial interferes with patient privacy.
READ MORE: ‘Hail Satan': Alaskan council meeting opens with prayer to Lucifer (VIDEO)
“The addition of non-medical ritual to current clinical practice only serves to further interfere with a patient's autonomy and decision-making in their own medical care,” the NARAL website states.
Our statement regarding new rules requiring burial or cremation of fetal remains for Texas healthcare providers – https://t.co/4HkP467Usgpic.twitter.com/JvmnrNBGab — Whole Woman's Health (@WholeWomans) December 1, 2016
Amy Hagstrom Miller, CEO of abortion and gynecology clinic Whole Woman's Health, accused the state of showing “profound disrespect” towards women's well-being.
“These rules have absolutely no added benefit to women's health and safety and are clearly an undue burden," Hagstrom said.
She added that providing obstacles to safe abortion is “clearly unconstitutional”.
WATCH MORE:
According to the Texas Tribune, Republican Governor Greg Abbott has thrown his support behind fetal burial because of his belief that the tissue should not be “treated like medical waste and disposed of in landfills.”
Abbott outlined his stance on the rule in an email to campaign fundraisers, citing it as a way he is trying to “turn the tides against the soulless abortion industry in Texas.”
Image copyright PA Image caption Ken Clarke warned against immigration "bigotry"
Former cabinet minister Ken Clarke has said some of his Eurosceptic Conservative colleagues should be in UKIP.
Mr Clarke said there was "a wave of almost hysteria" about immigration and warned Prime Minister David Cameron against "competing with ignorance and bigotry".
The PM says he will "fix" the issue of EU migrants coming to work in the UK.
He is to announce more plans to curb the numbers by Christmas.
It comes after he was warned by outgoing European Commission Chairman Jose Manuel Barroso that an "arbitrary cap" on EU migrants would be illegal.
Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Clarke, who left the government in the reshuffle in July, said there were plenty of Conservatives who shared his pro-European views.
'The boss'
But, he said, "we do not get the amount of exposure in the right wing popular press which some of my noisy members - who I have always thought some of them should be in UKIP rather than our party - seem to get".
Image copyright PA Image caption The government wants to get net migration below 100,000 a year
Mr Clarke said a section of the population was "bigoted and anti-foreigners" and that some politicians "arouse prejudice", but: "Most people, particularly young people, understand that we're in a global economy, you get used to people who don't speak your language, and you do meet people who are foreign."
The former chancellor said he was not surprised that Conservative MPs Douglas Carswell and Mark Reckless had defected to UKIP, and said the Conservatives should be "a strong and sensible party" that does "sensible things on immigration".
Mr Cameron has said the relationship with the EU will be reformed ahead of an in/out referendum, to be held by the end of 2017, if his Conservative Party gains a majority.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ken Clarke: UK "must not compete with bigotry" over immigration
It has been reported that the UK could seek an "emergency brake" to stop EU migration after it reached a certain level or to limit the number of National Insurance numbers issued to new arrivals from the EU.
On Monday, the prime minister said: "I'm very clear about whom the boss is, about who I answer to and it's the British people. They want this issue fixed, they're not being unreasonable about it and I will fix it."
The level of net migration stands at more than twice the government's target of 100,000 a year.
UKIP says there is no way of limiting European migration while the UK remains an EU member.
The party's only MP, Douglas Carswell, said Mr Cameron was wrongly seeking to "pretend you can remain in this club and control who comes into the country".
Shadow foreign secretary Douglas Alexander said Mr Clarke's comments showed "just how far David Cameron has been pushed by his own backbenchers when it comes to Europe".
He added: "The truth is that David Cameron's weakness is now putting jobs and investment in Britain at risk by talking up the threat of exit instead of actually working for reform."
In the northeastern corner of China, a huge new 5,600-square-mile reserve has been established to protect two of the most endangered species of big cats in the world: the Amur leopard and the Siberian tiger, also known as the Amur tiger. The park, in the provinces of Jilin and Heilongjiang, will be part of the country's new park system, which is being encouraged by Xi Jinping, the head of the Communist party and the country's president, according to state news services. Jinping wants the parks system to be part of an "ecological civilization" in China, which currently leads the world in both pollution and investment in green technology.
This is important news for the imperiled cats. By 2007, there were fewer than 30 Amur leopards in the wild, and the population for the Amur tiger got as low as five in China, though there were additional cats across the border in Russia, which had instituted some protections during Soviet rule. China quit logging in the area, which helped some cats recover, and a small reserve along the border offered just enough space to allow the cats to increase their numbers in recent years.
But those gains are precarious. According to the International Union for Conservation of Nature, Amur tigers and leopards face “numerous threats, including encroaching civilization, new roads, poaching, exploitation of forests and climate change.” Most of those threats have been alleviated, or at least significantly reduced, by designating this large area of protected lands as part of a formal government conservation plan. The plan for the park should be rolled out prior to 2020, so it's moving quickly.
Of course, when it comes to large predators like big cats, there will always be some human-animal conflict: Pet dogs and cattle have both been targeted by tigers and leopards that live closer to human settlements. According to the Huffington Post, "A spokesperson for Jilin's Forestry Department said last year that there are plans to 'relocate some existing communities [and] factories from inside the national park area, so as to avoid conflicts between wildlife and human activities.'”
The New York Times reported that China saw the U.S. as a "model" for this kind of conservation and its parks system generally. While it has thousands of nature reserves and protected areas (over 500,000 square miles of them), they have previously lacked organization.
“China wants to develop a national park system in line with international practices and standards, but also fitting into a Chinese context,” Rose Niu, now the chief conservation officer at the Paulson Institute, which is working with the Chinese government on the national parks plan, told the Times. (Niu helped establish other protected areas when she was China country director of the Nature Conservancy). “As someone working on conservation issues for 20 years, I believe this is significant progress that the Chinese government is making.
Niu points out that — like in the U.S., — protected areas don't just benefit endangered animals but also endangered human experiences.
“The Chinese want beautiful places and beautiful landscapes,” Niu said. “They want to enjoy the natural resources. These kinds of resources are less and less in China. China not only needs to fight pollution of air, water and soil, but it also needs to invest in its natural capital.”
Tigers and leopards protected in China's new park, which is larger than Yellowstone
In China, a new 5,600-square-mile reserve has been established to protect endangered Amur leopards and Siberian tigers, also known as Amur tigers.
Class of 95 – 20 Years On, Where Are These 11 Gaming Legends Now?
In 1995 a number of iconic game series and heroes emerged for the first time, each adding an essential chapter to gaming's history. But do they continue to thrive 20 years later.
2015 has been a stellar year in gaming, but it perhaps can't quite match the feat of 1995. Twenty years ago, the gaming world was forever changed by the launch of the PlayStation and – in less positive ways – the launch of the Virtual Boy. But Sony wasn't the only icon making waves in gaming, and a number of beloved game series appeared for the first time in that fateful year. We remember them fondly, but where are they now? Let's take a look.
Rayman
The limbless hero flopped his way into platforming history in 1995 and in an around the two genuine sequels that followed, an embarrassing number of spin-offs emerged - eventually the brand felt somewhat soiled by the end of the 2000s. Thankfully, 2011 saw the arrival of the excellent Rayman Origins, followed in 2013 by a sequel, Rayman Legends. The character and series has never looked in better shape, nailing it on consoles and also delivering solid mobile fun with the likes of Rayman Fiesta Run and the upcoming Rayman Adventures. Creator Michel Ancel is currently working on a new IP for PS4 called Wild.
Grab Rayman Legends
Grab Rayman Fiesta Run
Command & Conquer
While Warcraft fans may argue otherwise, it was the arrival of Command & Conquer that really set the real-time strategy genre on fire. With its focus on fast-paced, modern military units, and the ability to play four-person multiplayer, it captured a wider audience who fell in love with the battles of the GDI and the Brotherhood of Nod. Developer Westwood Studios would drive the series into the stratosphere with further titles like Red Alert, and even delivered the goods after being acquired by EA in 2003 (a rare feat). The last of the 10 titles in the series was an MMO released in 2012, however the future of the IP does not look that solid. The last two games – FPS spin-off Tiberium, and RTS Command & Conquer: Generals 2, were cancelled before release and Westwood – now called EA Phenomic – was shut down.
Grab the C&C Ultimate Collection
Destruction Derby
In the heavily male teenager dominated era of gaming that was the 1990s, a racer where you got to destroy cars was always going to hit big. Reflections' race ‘em up was damn fun to play, and watching cars break apart as you rammed all-comers has never felt better, despite many other attempts at the genre. Three sequels followed in quick succession, before Reflections moved on to the Driver series. The developer is still in the driver's seat today, most recently working on The Crew when not lending its open-world skillset to the likes of Assassin's Creed and The Division.
Grab Destruction Derby on PlayStation
Grab Destruction Derby on N64
Star Wars: Dark Forces
Going back and playing it now, this cult favourite feels so clumsy and basic. But when this – the first of the Star Wars FPS games and the forerunner to the just released Star Wars: Battlefront - launched it was heaven for fans. The FPS genre had only just become a thing and the iconic sounds and visuals were so immersive. Four more games in the series would follow, changing to the moniker Jedi Knight over time.
Grab Star Wars Battlefront
Grab Star Wars: Dark Forces
Chrono Trigger
This SNES and later PlayStation classic from RPG stewards Square remains a cult favourite for genre enthusiasts. It steered clear of the JRPG complexity of the era, offering easier combat and a welcoming storyline with plenty of humour, all supported by surprisingly varied gameplay. A sequel, Chrono Cross, followed in 1999, but a third game came to legal loggerheads during the 2000s and despite the filing of a trademark, Chrono Break, in 2011, this series looks destined to remain in memory. Thankfully, you can now play the game on iOS (grab it here)
Grab the original Chrono Trigger
Grab Chrono Cross
Descent
Games don't get any harder to describe than Descent, a vertigo inducing, space-set, cockpit shooter where you head through labyrinth-like mines blasting away at virus infected robots. The unique visual style and “six-degrees of movement” gave you this distinct impression of never knowing which way was up. Sequels followed in 1996 and 1999, then things fell apart. Developer Parallax Software became Volition, and set off on the road to Red Faction and later Saints Row. While publisher Interplay died. A prequel, Descent: Underground, was recently Kickstarted and is due out in March 2016.
Grab Descent
Worms
Has any game heralded more laughs into a single room than Worms? Sitting with friends at a monitor in 1995, blowing each other to smithereens turn by hilarious turn with evermore ridiculous weapons was a blast. Truly one of the greatest multiplayer games of all time, Worms put Team 17 on the map and countless sequels have followed over the years. The series unwisely went 3D in the 2000s, but is back doing what it does best in a 2D landscape now. Worms Battlegrounds released just last year on PS4 and Xbox One, while Worms 3 is now available on iOS.
Grab Worms 3 on iOS
Grab Worms Battlegrounds
Grab Original Worms
Full Throttle
One of the legendary adventure games by genre guru Tim Schafer, Full Throttle's short play length hasn't stopped it joining every other “top 10” list. Remarkably two sequels, one in 2000 (Full Throttle: Payback) and one in 2002 (Full Throttle: Hell on Wheels) were nearly rolled out, but were cancelled mid-development. A sequel now looks highly unlikely, but Schafer continues to produce titles for his long-time fans. The recent Broken Age for iOS (grab it here) is definitely work checking out. You can also pick up his other ninety's gem, Grim Fandango, on the format here.
Grab Full Throttle
Time Crisis
It's a testament to the fun of PlayStation launch title Time Crisis that it survived the demise of the Light Gun and has kicked on for years. A genuine arcade on-rails shooter, although with added story, nine sequels or spin-offs have followed, including Time Crisis 5, which was released to arcades in March this year. Most recently, Time Crisis has appeared on mobile, but Time Crisis 2nd Strike has disappeared off the App Store as of the time of writing. You can probably blame iOS 9's arrival for that.
Grab Time Crisis
Twisted Metal
Also a PlayStation launch classic, this genre-defining vehicular combat title offered the perfect mix of humour, action and multiplayer mayhem for the couch-gaming revolution. With iconic characters and gameplay that would be copied for decades to come, Twisted Metal was the game to own at the launch of the machine. Four rapid sequels were fired out before 2001, and then two more – as well as some spin-offs emerged in the decade following – the latest a Twisted Metal reboot for the PS3 in 2012. The current status of the series is unknown, despite the relative success of the last entry – perhaps that's because creator David Jaffe (who also gave us God of War) has gone indie and is currently working on PS4 exclusive Drawn to Death.
Grab Twisted Metal
Tales Of...
Once upon a time, Tales of Phantasia was just another, albeit enjoyable, SNES JRPG from the oddly named developer Wolf Team. Now it's a narrative behemoth with so many faces and storylines it's hard to follow what is going on. Some 15 main games and a tonne of spin-offs has emerged, and they're still to this day heavily Japanese focused, with delayed releases coming out to the West eventually. The latest game, Tales of Zestiria, only just released on PS3, PS4 and PC.
Grab Tales of Zestria
Writer:
Chris Stead
If you are wondering who we are, we're primarily a digital magazine for the iPad focused on the coverage of indie video games. Run by the former editor of Game Informer, you'll find worldwide exclusives, but also an interactive media experience unlike any you have seen before. If you have an iPad, you should check out the free sample issue at the very least, or enjoy one of our other episodes as listed below.
Get Every Episode:
- Episode 1 - Includes The Making of République (*free sample issue*)
- Episode 2 - Includes The Making of Oceanhorn
- Episode 3 - Includes The Making of Monument Valley
- Episode 4 - Includes The Making of Last Inua
- Episode 5 - Includes The Making of World of Tanks Blitz
- Grab It Episodes 2-5 Bundle
- Episode 6 - Includes The Making of Magic the Gathering
- Episode 7 - Includes The Making of Tiny Troopers Alliance and Midnight Star
- Episode 8 - The PAX AUS edition
- Grab It Presents Nihilumbra - Classics Collection
- Grab It Presents Ultimate Indie Game Reviews Vol 1.
New comment
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Parents lept to social media this week after a chaotic egg drop event at a local park where a helicopter rained down candy-filled plastic eggs in celebration of Easter.
“It was awful, I don't even know how to describe it,” said Maria Phillips, an egg drop participant and mother of a 2-year-old. “It was like when Mufasa got killed in the ‘Lion King.'”
The drop, sponsored by the Bridge Church in Columbus, featured a helicopter dropping candy-filled eggs into a field for children to then search for. But many parents left feeling overwhelmed and disappointed.
The event, as advertised on Facebook, was scheduled to start at 11 a.m. Saturday. Parents said the egg drop did not begin until sometime between 1:30 p.m. and 1:45 p.m., so at that point many kids were tired and hot.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Ledger-Enquirer
Amanda Walters brought her children, aged 4, 6, 9, 11 and 16, in hopes of making fun memories.
“I'm sure The Bridge just meant for this to be a really great thing to do for the city and it's just sad how the people of the city behaved,” Walters said. “The adults just acting like a bunch of animals out there, it was like a stampede.”
Parents said a volunteer made announcements over a microphone, but it was hard to hear everything they were saying because of crowd noise. Parents also said once volunteers helped organize children into lines based on age groups, there were no volunteers seen directing people onto the field.
“There was no one down at the fence to stop people from throwing their kids over the fence or pushing through the fence,” Phillips said. “I saw one little girl, she had to have been like maybe 3 (years old), she went flying right into the fence.”
Special to the Ledger-EnquirerDarrell Roaden
Walters said she spoke with a volunteer who said the drops would be done in stages to give children in each age group a chance to hunt. But that did not happen.
As the helicopter flew overhead for the first drop, Chelsea Gillens, mother of a 7, 8 and 2 and a half year old, said it dropped the eggs into the middle of the field instead of in the first section. From that point on, it was madness.
“Nobody controlled their children,” Gillens said. “My kids had to fight for eggs with kids three times their size. At one point, there was a grown woman on the floor, laying on the ground. It was madness and they're just little Easter eggs with candy in them.”
And that was only the first drop. Children and parents were still on the field when a second round of eggs dropped onto their heads. Dust was flying, people were getting hit in the head and it was a scene of chaos, Gillens said.
“It was actually really painful, I was really shocked,” Gillens said. “I spent a lot of the time hunched over covering my 2 and a half year old's head. We got attacked by kids bigger than my 13-year-old, like they had facial hair.”
Once the drops were over, many children could not find their parents. Walters said her husband found a young girl who was crying and shaking because she was separated from her family. He brought her over to his wife and helped her reunite with her mother.
Phillips and Walters both acknowledged that the church had releases for parents to sign before participating, but Phillips said there was “no way” they got everyone at the park to sign.
All three mothers interviewed said the parents were a large issue in the whole event. Adults were on the field hunting eggs right alongside children, scooping up eggs and then giving them to their kids.
Another issue was the large amount of trash generated during the event. Parents said kids were throwing the plastic eggs back on the ground after pulling the candy out. There were also hot dogs and trash on the ground at the end of the event.
Parks and Recreation Director Holli Browder said her department had nothing to do with planning the event or executing it. She said the call received on Tuesday from a Ledger-Enquirer reporter was the first she had heard of any problems.
Browder said when an organization uses park property, they are ones responsible for cleaning after an event. A representative from the Parks and Rec department then goes back the next business day to check on the status of the park. If there are any issues, they work with the organization to make corrections.
Browder said she isn't usually involved in that process, but if there are any major issues or complaints, they come across her desk. She had not heard anything regarding the Bridge Church's use of Lakebottom.
A representative with Bridge Church declined to comment before speaking with her pastor when contacted on Monday. No one returned calls to provide a comment.
David Charnick looks at The Electric Telegraph Company – the subject of one of the stops on his walk that looks at London's engineering history
Founders' Court is tucked away off of Lothbury behind the Bank of England, and I imagine virtually everybody who passes it doesn't even look at it, let alone knowing its story. It is named after the Founders' Company, whose livery hall was at the north end of the Court from 1531. But from 1 January 1848 this unprepossessing alleyway was to enjoy the best part of a century as the hub of national telecommunications.
The Company
On 2 September 1845 the Electric Telegraph Company was registered; the following June the Electric Telegraph Company Act was signed by Queen Victoria. Unusually the Company was given a monopoly, making it the first company in the world to be founded with the intention of connecting a whole nation to a single telecommunications network. So well did it develop in the years to come that, even when the monopoly expired in 1851, the Electric Telegraph Company would remain at the forefront of the telecommunications industry.
The Company was created to exploit, on a commercial basis, the patents taken out since 1837 by two British physicists, Charles Wheatstone and William Cooke. They had been developing the electric telegraph, a method of communication which depends on messages being encoded as a regulated series of electrical impulses sent down a wire to a receiving machine. Of the two men, Cooke seems to have been the businessman, and was on the Company's first board. Wheatstone allowed himself to be bought out; he was all for the science, having become hooked on the telegraph as a teenager.
With their monopoly, the Electric Telegraph Company was given powers enabling it to buy up not just the patents taken out by Cooke and Wheatstone, but also other peoples' patents, to prevent the competition stealing a march on them when the monopoly ran out. Ordinarily this would have been illegal! It was also allowed to apply to extend its patents beyond the usual fourteen years, though in the event the Company's application to do so was rejected in court.
Founders' Court
What brought the Company to Lothbury? Having achieved its initial successes working with the railways, the Company relied initially on the burgeoning railway network to spread its own network of telegraphs. Think of those telegraph poles running by the railway tracks that Sherlock Holmes used to calculate the speed of his train in Silver Blaze. Accordingly, the Company started trading in July 1847 at 345 Strand, on the central street of London linking the City (home of trade and commerce) with Westminster (home of government). As the railways were forbidden to enter the City, there would have seemed no point in their being established there.
Very soon after opening however, the Company realised it had made a mistake, and that the financial institutions and businesses of the City offered a prime source of custom. After all, business depends on the speedy acquisition of information from as far away as possible. In 1847 the Company was able to secure the lease of Founders' Hall, the Founders having moved south to St Swithin's Lane, and it set about rebuilding the hall as its new Central Exchange. The Company occupied the building on 1 January 1848, announcing their counter to be open on 8 January.
On entering from Founders' Court, customers would find themselves in an imposing public hall. It featured a substantial colonnade, and in the ceiling was a great central skylight. Behind each of the two counters was, clearly visible, a room where messages were ‘translated', or abbreviated to accepted codes, before being sent upstairs to the instrument galleries. The two open instrument galleries would have caught the customer's eye, who would no doubt strain to see the flickering brass needles spelling out messages from around the country.
The wisdom of moving the Central Exchange to the City (another office at 142 Strand was given over in 1848 to the Company's development of the electric clock) was vindicated almost immediately. Though the Company overstretched itself in 1848 and 1849, by 1850 it was operating at a healthy profit. Such was the demand for its services it established satellite exchanges at the Stock Exchange and on Cornhill and Mincing Lane (the focus of the provisions trade).
These exchanges in turn became so popular that on occasion they would themselves become overwhelmed. To deal with these surges, beginning in 1853 the Company laid pneumatic tubes between them and Founders' Court. Surplus messages were placed into containers, which were inserted into the tubes. A steam suction machine then brought them to the Central Exchange, where they could be processed. More tubes would follow in the 1860s as demand from the Company's customers increased.
In 1868 the Post Office absorbed the domestic telegraph function, closing down the various telegraph companies. So well established was the Electric Telegraph Company however that the Post Office allowed them to continue trading for another two years, intending to move into their premises on Founders' Court and on Telegraph Street (see below).
The story of the Electric Telegraph Company shows an important characteristic of the City: that a forward-looking company developing ground-breaking technology was reliant on the centuries-old financial hub of the City for its clientele, and on medieval land tenure to acquire its premises. Thus it embodies the paradox of a City at once looking to the future and reliant on the past.
Regrettably, there is nothing on Founders' Court to tell the public about its technological significance. Nor is there anything to mark a similarly significant venture, the United Kingdom's first telephone exchange, which opened in 1879 at 36 Coleman Street. We are familiar with the importance of the internet to the business City and how it changed not only its ways of working but also its geography. Founders' Court reminds us that the relationship between the City and telecommunications goes back much further.
Other City locations connected with the ETC are:
Royal Exchange Buildings
In 1853 a sister company was created, the International Telegraph Company, which was based on negotiations with the Minister of the Interior of the Netherlands. Sole rights were obtained to lay cables between the two countries beneath the North Sea. The new company was incorporated by Royal Charter on 13 June 1853. In order to allay Dutch reservations about foreign intervention, the sister company had to appear to be independent from the parent company, although their boards were identical!
The new company was based at the Continental Telegraph Offices at 1 Royal Exchange Buildings, sharing offices with Julius Reuter's news agency. The relationship between the two was close. From January 1854 the International Telegraph Company was giving Reuter a rebate of 50% for using their system exclusively to communicate news.
Telegraph Street
In 1855 the two companies finally merged to form the Electric and International Telegraph Company. The Company was becoming so successful that the Founders' Court exchange could no longer accommodate their business, and they negotiated with the Clothworkers' Company to acquire land on the north side of Great Bell Alley, which crosses Moorgate, and in 1859 the new General Offices opened. The new building was to handle the principal business, with Founders' Court retained as a public counter.
So important was this development to the City that the Corporation was persuaded to change the name of the eastern stretch of Great Bell Alley to Telegraph Street.
According to a journalist from the Illustrated London News, the Company employed exclusively female staff for its great telegraph gallery at Telegraph Street; the overseas network was manned by males, ‘nearly all foreigners'. Prudential Assurance claims to have been breaking ground by employing female clerks in 1871 to keep up with the volume of business, but it seems the Electric and International Telegraph Company were taking the initiative twelve years previously.
Cowper's Court
An interesting City location connected with the Electric Telegraph Company is Cowper's Court, between Birchin Lane and Cornhill. It was on Cowper's Court that the Jerusalem Coffee House stood, notable for its being used by merchants dealing with the Far East, most particularly India and China. It was also the place where the London Metal Exchange was born. However, it was because of the coffee house's trading links with Australia that one John Tawell, the Quaker Poisoner, was arrested here on 2 January 1848 for murdering his mistress Sarah Hart at Slough the previous day, by putting cyanide in her beer. Tawell was at the Jerusalem checking up on his Australian investments.
Tawell became the first person to be arrested with the aid of the electric telegraph. It was from the Slough Station telegraph cottage (linked to Paddington Station along the Great Western Railway by Cooke and Wheatstone in 1842) that a message identifying Tawell was sent to London by the vicar, who ran after Tawell and arrived at the station just in time to see him leaving in a first-class carriage. As Sergeant William Williams of the Great Western Railway Police didn't have the jurisdiction to arrest Tawell once he left the train, the arrest had to be effected the next day with the aid of Inspector Wiggins of the Metropolitan Police.
Picture credits:
© 2013 Fay Bennett http://distantwriting.co.uk © 2014 Hazel Screen http://www.londonremembers.com http://distantwriting.co.uk http://www.telegraphmoorgate.co.uk
Share this page: Pinterest email
Looking to enter the stretch run with an open roster spot, the Los Angeles Clippers are set to release guard Jared Cunningham.
This comes according to a report from Dan Woike of the Orange County Register, though it's unclear if they'll be doing so today or waiting until the last minute.
Cunningham is playing on a non-guaranteed contract which would become fully guaranteed for the rest of the season on Jan. 10. By waiving Cunningham, the Clippers maintain the flexibility to add a free agent later in the season without incurring a financial penalty for releasing a player.
They have obviously deemed that flexibility to be more valuable than the 23-year-old Cunningham, who has played just 89 minutes for the Clippers this season. He's averaging 1.8 points on 36.4 percent shooting in 4.7 minutes and has played just 12 minutes over the team's last 11 games.
Over the last few weeks we've seen two news stories that have demonstrated how out of touch the right wing media is.
Let's start with the Phil Gramm comment. According to Gramm we're in a mental recession and are a nation of whiners. Within a few hours several right wing bloggers and talking heads rushed to his rescue to defend the comments. Among those are Ed Morrisey at Hot Air, Newsbusters, Mike Gallagher and Red State. According to all Gramm's comments were right on target -- in other words we are a nation of whiners and the economy isn't as bad as we think it is.
Most right wing talking heads are relying on the following definition of recession:
A significant decline in activity spread across the economy, lasting longer than a few months. It is visible in industrial production, employment, real income and wholesale-retail trade. The technical indicator of a recession is two consecutive quarters of negative economic growth as measured by a country's gross domestic product (GDP)
Right wing people are correctly pointing out the US has not had two consecutive quarters of negative growth. Therefore everything is OK, there is no recession and talk of such is bunk.
However -- look at the first part of the definition which states, "A significant decline in activity spread across the economy, lasting longer than a few months. It is visible in industrial production, employment, real income and wholesale-retail trade." This is from the definition used by the National Bureau of Economic Research which is the organization that officially dates recessions. Here is the complete NBER definition:
The committee places particular emphasis on two monthly measures of activity across the entire economy: (1) personal income less transfer payments, in real terms and (2) employment. In addition, we refer to two indicators with coverage primarily of manufacturing and goods: (3) industrial production and (4) the volume of sales of the manufacturing and wholesale-retail sectors adjusted for price changes. We also look at monthly estimates of real GDP such as those prepared by Macroeconomic Advisers (see http://www.macroadvisers.com). Although these indicators are the most important measures considered by the NBER in developing its business cycle chronology, there is no fixed rule about which other measures contribute information to the process.
Let's look at each of the statistics mentioned above to see what they say:
personal income less transfer payments, in real terms
Here is a chart of real income from Econoday:
But Bonddad -- look at that jump in incomes! We must be doing great!
Actually, no. That's the effect of the stimulus checks. As Marketwatch reported:
Personal incomes rose 1.9% in May, the largest gain since September 2005, when insurance payments from hurricane damage flooded into bank accounts. The increase was close to the 1.5% gain expected by economists surveyed by MarketWatch. See Economic Calendar. Real disposable incomes (after taxes and adjusted for inflation) increased 5.3%, the biggest increase since 1975, when the government also sent out rebate checks. Read the full report. Excluding the impact of the rebates and inflation, real disposable incomes were flat.
Remember -- the NBER is looking for incomes without transfer payments. That means the stimulus checks don't count. The NBER is measuring the effects of the total economy without the help of government inputs. That way, the measurement measures the private sector without government help.
So -- without the government stimulus we have no gain. Looking at the year over year percent change in personal real income we see a solid decline since July of last year. That's recessionary, plain and simple.
employment
Here are two charts from econoday:
Job growth has been declining on a year over year basis for about two and a half years, and
Unemployment has been ticking up since the beginning of last year. In other words, the long term trends in employment are recessionary
industrial production
Industrial production has been dropping for awhile,
And capacity utilization is dropping, indicating we're using less of our manufacturing resources
Both the NY and Philly Fed manufacturing indexes have made a poor showing over the last 6 months.
And the ISM manufacturing report has been dropping since 2004. However, note this index ticked above 50 last month. But this was the first time it showed a reading about 50 in 4 months. In addition, this number has shown a recessionary reading for 4 of the last 6 months. In other words -- we'll need to see a stronger move above 50 and a longer move above 50 before we can say this number is improving. However, given that all other industrial indicators are in poor shape, the possibility of this number improving is pretty small.
"the volume of sales of the manufacturing and wholesale-retail sectors adjusted for price changes"
The inventory number has been less important for one very important reason: with the advent of just in time inventory management and its continual refinement over the last 25 years, businesses are far more adept at operating with little to no inventory. As such, wholesale sales are less important. However, in the interest of completeness, here is a chart from the St. Louis Federal Reserve of real inventories
Notice this number has been dropping for about a year and a half.
So -- according to a far more detailed analysis of the economic statistics it appears the US is in a recession. In other words, Phil Gramm, Red State, Ed Morrisey, Mike Gallagher and any other right wing talking head who agreed with Phil Gramm is wrong. If you don't believe me, try reading the latest Beige Book from the Federal Reserve.
Chick Schumer caused the fall in Indy Mac.
No.
Indy Mac caused the fall of Indy Mac. They made risky loans and paid the price. They are hardly alone. 266 lenders have stopped doing business since the mortgage mess started. And the list is growing:
The FDIC disclosed last month that it was closely watching 90 financial institutions on its "problem list," up from 76 in the first quarter of 2008. The total assets of "problem" institutions rose from $22.2 billion to $26.3 billion, the FDIC said. The number of troubled institutions monitored by the FDIC has grown in each of the last six quarters, starting in the fall of 2006 when there were just 47 on the list, the agency said. The last time it approached this level was in the fall of 2004 when the number was 95. The FDIC does not publish a list of trouble banks out of concern it could spur a bank run, which is what the Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS) said happened to Indymac in recent weeks.
And I guess the FDIC is now a cause of the problem, because they reported the US banking industry's overall condition is deteriorating in the latest quarterly banking profile when they wrote:
# INDUSTRY EARNINGS DECLINE 46 PERCENT FROM YEAR-EARLIER LEVEL
# LOSS PROVISIONS ABSORB A HIGHER SHARE OF REVENUE
# TROUBLED LOANS ACCUMULATE IN REAL ESTATE PORTFOLIOS
# LENDING GROWTH SLOWS
# FOURTH QUARTER 2007 EARNINGS ARE REVISED BELOW $1 BILLION
Ladies and gentlemen, the facts are clear:
-- the US is in a recession. When it started exactly we won't know for awhile. My best guess given all available information is it was sometime in the first quarter of 2008.
-- The US financial system is in serious trouble. Thanks to over 7 years of reckless lending we've got major problems. One person didn't cause this -- the entire system failed.
What really gets me about all of these talking heads are these three points:
1.) Using one statistic in economic analysis is poor analysis at best. It also indicates the people making the observations have absolutely no idea what they are talking about.
2.) The facts indicate there are major problems out there. Ignoring the facts will only lead to a repeat of the current problems.
3.) This whole "put our head in the sand" routine smacks of disinformation. And that is the really scary point. The more this incredibly shallow analysis gains traction and the more an overly simplistic analysis moves into the public dialog the higher the probability that the problem won't get fixed. And that's what we have to avoid at all costs.
The chief of the German police union has said that the migrant influx – forecast to hit 1.5 million by the end of the year – has left the nation's police forces “overwhelmed” as they tackle sectarian conflict and “extreme criminal offences.”
Rainer Wendt (above) said new arrivals lacked respect for and knowledge of German law, which was insufficient to prosecute asylum seekers, and called for extra protection for women, children and Christians.
Mr Wendt has been Federal Chairman of the German Police Union since 2007. He welcomed new tougher asylum policy passed by the German parliament, particularly in relation to Balkans migrants, as a “good sign” but questioned why “things always have to go up in flames” before politicians “react.”
“This should've happened at least a year or so ago when we saw the first signs of the chaos,” he said in an interview with broadcaster N24.
Earlier in the month Breitbart London reported on the first comprehensive social and scientific study on violence in migrant centres in Germany, which revealed that conflict is part of “everyday life” for inhabitants and is likely to increase.
The “ultimate and primary cause” was ethnic and religious tensions, researchers said. Clashes at a migrant camp near the central German city of Kassel on September 28th left 14 people injured, including three policemen, and in October 7th around three hundred migrants brawled in a migrant centre in Braunschweig.
“In our asylum camps all hell broke loose; at the border in southern Germany, and in Bavaria especially, it's hell. Our colleagues down there can't ever take their boots off [to rest] anymore,” said Mr Wendt, naming struggling federal forces all over Germany.
He said some were “heavily overwhelmed. And now politicians are acting like they're totally surprised… they should've reacted a lot sooner.”
Explaining that the police now had to simultaneously guard hundreds of new camps whilst attempting to quell the “criminality among the refugees; meaning rapes of women and of children, massive use of violence, criminal activities such as exploitation, slavery, we see it all there.”
Isolated crimes are not the problem, “not just little squabbles,” he said; “not because they're living in cramped spaces; theses are territorial conflicts, dominance struggles.
“I mean, fanatical religious groups that can't be separated easily.”
Mr Wendt said private security being used in the camps was not qualified to deal with such complex sectarian conflict and German police were only respected “to a point.”
“They don't respect our rule of law,” he said, claiming that current legislation is ill-equipped to bring prosecutions and act as a serious deterrent.
Some new arrivals, “instinctively know that our laws are weak, and they know that no matter how badly they behave, it has absolutely no consequence for their asylum status.”
Migrants, he said, “pretty much can do whatever they please, and the state barely reacts.
“The judiciary and the political part of the state should make it very clear to these people from the get-go, that in this country Sharia does not apply – or any other religion – but that here in Germany the rule of law applies, and that we are ready to enforce that.
“This is not about family squabbles; we are talking heavy crime, extreme criminal offences.”
Up until July, around 40 per cent of male asylum seekers in Germany were from the Balkans – all deemed safe countries by the EU. “Germany need[s] to open up the deportation facilities again,” he added.
In Mr Wendt's view, if asylum seekers commit crimes during the application process it should be “quite possible that they will have to await this while sitting in prison.”
The presenter asked if he agreed with segregating migrants along ethnic and religious lines, which is already happening in some asylum centres in the German state of Thuringia. He said:
“No, I believe that is not the solution. The thought behind this is to a degree a sign of helplessness. By separating them, that is hardly even possible – even for religious reasons alone it is difficult.”
How would they be separated he asked: “The Sunnis from the Shiites? The moderate Salafists from the radical Salafists? When they're in the end all followers of the Muslim belief system, it's just not possible.”
He said the same was true for separating along ethnic lines. “Creat[ing] parallel societies among the refugees, it just wouldn't work.”
Some groups, however, could do with some extra protection, as recent attacks have shown; “such as women, families and children, and especially Christians.”
Senior female psychology professors are less likely than their male counterparts to cooperate with their junior, same-gender colleagues on research.
Sigmund Freud and colleagues. (Photo: Library of Congress)
Hackneyed gender tropes tell us that men are hyper-competitive, egoistic warriors who will fight to the death. Women, on the other hand, are deeply concerned about interpersonal relationships, so they're more likely to work together as a unit than get in fist-fights and pissing matches.
But how does intra-gender politics actually work in the real-world, beyond the lazy stereotypes? Do women really collaborate together more than men?
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
According to a new study published in Current Biology by Joyce Benenson, a psychology professor at Emmanuel College and an associate at Harvard University's Department of Human Evolutionary Biology, and two of her colleagues, the world of academia doesn't conform to these clichés. Female and male full professors at 50 university psychology departments across North America actually "were equally likely" to collaborate with same-gender, equal-rank colleagues on research papers.
But when hierarchy is folded into the equation, behavior shifts radically.
The researchers used "numbers of co-authored peer-reviewed publications" between 2008 to 2012 to measure the robustness of senior faculty members' cooperation with their younger colleagues. They calculated the expected number of publications among full professors and their same-gender, junior colleagues, based on chance and the position and gender compositions of the departments. The team discovered that female full professors came in well below the random mark for co-authorship with their younger, same-gender colleagues, while their male counterparts exceeded expectations:
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
There were significantly fewer publications co-authored by one senior female with one junior female than by one senior male with one junior male than would be expected. ... In contrast, analysis of co-authored publications between senior and junior co-authors of the other gender yielded no difference.... These results show that high-ranked male professors co-published more than high-ranked female professors with same-gender low-ranked faculty. Our results are consistent with observations suggesting that social structure takes differing forms for human males and females. Males' tendency to interact in same-gender groups make them more prone to cooperation with asymmetrically ranked males. In contrast, females' tendency to restrict their same-gender interactions to equally ranked individuals make them more reluctant to cooperate with asymmetrically ranked females.
The female preference for cooperation with equals has also been observed in other studies of chimps and human infants, adolescents, and adults. Benenson suspects there's an evolutionary basis for the behavior. "Males benefit from cooperating with groups to defeat other groups. Females invest more in kin and not in unrelated individuals, except a best friend," she explained in an email.
This lack of cross-rank cooperation seems particularly discouraging for young female professors, who already have to compete in a system full of institutionally- and societally-imposed handicaps. Recognizing and reversing this trend may be one of many ways to work against the gender imbalance among tenured professors.
Given the findings, I asked Benenson whether she wished she'd collaborated on her paper with a junior female faculty member rather than two male colleagues. She replied: "It is not so easy to do!"
Rand Paul has compared his rival Donald Trump to Gollum, the character from The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit who is obsessed and corrupted by the power of the One Ring.
“One candidate on this national stage wants you to give him power,” Paul wrote in a Facebook note posted on Wednesday. “He tells you he is rich, so he must be smart. If you give him power he claims he will fix America, but there is another tradition in America. A tradition that believes that power corrupts, and that our goal should be not to gain power but to contain power or limit Presidential power.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“This race should not be about who can grasp the ring,” he continued. “Electing Gollum should not be our objective. This race should be about which candidate will best protect you from an overbearing government.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
David Ortiz has avoided punishment for making comments about Edwin Encarnacion at last month's All-Star Game in San Diego, as MLB simply reminded the Red Sox designated hitter to abide by the game's tampering rules, ESPN's Jerry Crasnick reports, citing a source.
Ortiz suggested Boston sign Encarnacion to follow in his footsteps as the team's DH. The sales pitch for the Blue Jays slugger caused quite a stir around baseball and eventually warranted a letter from the league.
"The Red Sox know also they need to bring a force in the middle of the lineup (after I retire),'' the 40-year-old told reporters on Tuesday. "And sorry, Blue Jays, but who better than Encarnacion to do that?''
Ortiz also made similar comments about Miami Marlins pitcher Jose Fernandez, lobbying for the services of the right-hander.
"He has incredible stuff," Ortiz said. "I thought he was gonna end up playing with me this year. I mean, you never know. I want him in my starting rotation. I mean, we need a little bit of help and hopefully that happens at some point, who knows?"
MLB clearly outlines tampering on page 44 of their rule book, but Ortiz didn't believe what he did was wrong.
"Tampering? I don't write no paycheck," Ortiz explained in July. "I can say whatever I want. I'm not a GM or a team owner or whatever. I mean, if I say tomorrow that I want to play with LeBron James, is that tampering, too?"
Wikimedia Commons: Bidgee
Enjoy buying bars of soap by the year's worth and tins of tomatoes the size of rubbish bins? Do you like opening the closet to find tilting towers of toilet roll? Do you eat four dozen eggs a week? If so, boy do we have good news for you – Costco, America's go-to warehouse retail spot for buy-in-bulk household items, tyres, and other random stuff by the truckload, has plans to open in Shanghai, as reported by YiCai Global.
Aptly named Costco Wholesale Corp, the powerhouse retailer runs on a members-only model – which it'll be bringing to China – with customers paying a yearly fee in order to be able to shop in bulk at discounted prices. In truth, those prices are really only marginally lower than you'd find in normal stores, but you can buy huge multi-packs of everyday items (usually brands' lesser-popular lines) so that you don't need to leave your house as often. It's a hoarder's dream.
Although for now there's no word on when or where the brick-and-mortar store might open, you can still get all the things you never knew you needed via the Official Costco Flagship Online Store which launched on Tmall earlier this month, in addition to a Tmall Global store that has been delivering to China since 2014.
Click below for more from the blog
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
At Sunday's Golden Globes, Sylvester Stallone was left fuming after he and his wife, Jennifer Flavin, were forced to leave their table because of a seating mix-up.
As the show started, Stallone and Flavin walked up to their assigned table – where “Manchester by the Sea” star Casey Affleck was seated, along with the film's writer-director Kenneth Lonergan and producer Matt Damon – only to find that there was just one seat available.
Stallone, who won a Globe last year for reprising the role of Rocky Balboa in “Creed” and appeared as a presenter this year, retreated backstage to watch the ceremony with his wife.
A Globes insider told us, “Stallone and his wife came to the table late … and when they got there, there was only one seat available. It was a mix-up by the organizers … Stallone immediately went backstage to watch as Jimmy Fallon started his opening. But when the first break came, a production worker for the show brought out an extra chair to make room for Stallone and his wife. They had the best two seats facing the stage.”
But Stallone chose not to come back out to the table. We're told Affleck was mortified about the Stallone seating snafu and tried to smooth things over backstage, only to be basically told by the “Rocky” legend, “Get out of my face!”
Stallone and Flavin's three daughters Scarlet, Sistine and Sophia shared the title of Miss Golden Globe at this year's show.
Google is providing access to ultra high speed internet with their new Fiber program. These are speed easily 50 - 100x faster than what you currently use today.
While there might be some upfront costs in the short term to put in the cables, in the long run the University will save a lot of money on internet, as well as draw in prospective students ($$$) to enroll here for access to their ultra high speed internet connections.
If an institution like the University of Arizona contacts Google about their interest in Fiber they will get it. We just have to convince the UofA that this is something that we as students want. Don't let the future pass us by... sign, pre-register, and tell your friends. More info at fiber.google.com.
Manchester United will set their new manager the immediate target of winning the Premier League next season, in the wake of David Moyes's disastrous tenure.
With sources close to Louis van Gaal insisting on Saturday night that the Holland coach had agreed to take over at Old Trafford — but had not yet signed a deal — the United hierarchy will press ahead with spending up to £200million this summer. Senior sources told The Sunday Telegraph that whoever took over would be expected to deliver the title in their first campaign.
Ryan Giggs is in charge for the remainder of this season and began with an emphatic 4-0 home victory against Norwich City thanks to two goals from Wayne Rooney and two from substitute Juan Mata, who was left out of the starting XI while Marouane Fellaini was dropped from the squad. Rooney endorsed his team-mate as the next manager.
“We know he's an experienced player and he is built to be a manager,” Rooney said. “We can see that in how he has handled himself since he took over.”
Asked whether he would want Giggs to take over on a permanent basis, Rooney added: “That's down to the board but I think Giggsy has all the credentials to be the next boss. But it's down to the board.”
However United has already ruled out appointing Giggs with sources saying that although they might be willing to compromise on some of the criteria they would demand a “minimum level of experience” and the 40-year-old does not have that, although that resolve could be tested should they finish the season strongly.
United would like him in particular, or another former player, to be involved in the new set-up to provide a “thread of continuity” with the past.
United are publicly and privately denying any agreement has been reached with Van Gaal, who will leave his current post after the World Cup, and has held talks with Tottenham Hotspur.
United intend to draw up a shortlist of candidates, but Van Gaal's ready availability, plus his stature in the game, makes him an attractive option and informal talks have taken place.
Moyes was sacked on Tuesday after a dismal run of performances, with senior sources claiming the Scot had betrayed the “DNA of the club” with “very few swashbuckling performances”. Moyes, 51, flew to Florida on Friday for a holiday.
United acknowledges that Van Gaal, 62, who is on holiday in Portugal, is pushing for them to make a decision and confirm his appointment. But United is continuing to claim there will be a thorough search and they will also have one eye on the Champions League semi-final between Bayern Munich and Real Madrid. One of Pep Guardiola and Carlo Ancelotti will miss out.
Ancelotti, the Real coach, certainly features prominently in United's thinking and would be happy, if he had to leave Spain, to return to the Premier League, although it is thought he would prefer to move back to London.
Jose Mourinho, the Chelsea manager, has stated he would remain at Stamford Bridge and dismissed suggestions of any discontent. United would like to speak to Borussia Dortmund's Jürgen Klopp but accept that is unlikely.
Sources in Holland claim Van Gaal, whose availability makes him the favourite, wants to bring Patrick Kluivert, his assistant with the national team, as his assistant, along with other Dutch staff.
United are also pushing ahead with their transfer plans, including moves for Paris St-Germain's Edinson Cavani and Southampton's Luke Shaw, and meetings continued last week even after Moyes's sacking.
United felt that they had to act as there was a firm belief the players were no longer playing for Moyes and the poverty of the team's performances proved fatal.
Copyright by WWLP - All rights reserved
Nick Bannin - QUABBIN RESEVOIR, Mass. (WWLP) - Some parts of the Quabbin Reservoir were closed for "movie filming," according to one of the park rangers there on Saturday.
The park ranger wouldn't say what movie was being filmed, but suggested filming would continue for the next couple of days.
Steve Lemme, one of the stars of the original "Super Troopers," was allegedly seen leaving the filming area.
In August, "Super Troopers" production company Broken Lizard posted a crowdfunding update to their website, which stated they would begin production in Boston on October 5th.
Cast member Erik Stolhankse posted a picture to social media on Friday of the first day of shooting "Super Troopers 2." Kevin Heffernan posted a picture to Twitter of Jay Chandrasekhar standing in front of a Vermont State Police car near the Quabbin Reservoir.
Dusted off the car. Time to shoot. @jaychandrasekha @brokenlizard pic.twitter.com/L2520MiYTU — Kevin Heffernan (@HeffernanRules) October 24, 2015
The 2001 comedy-crime film "Super Troopers" grossed over $23 million worldwide.
It has attained a cult status, due to its large number of home video sales and repeated airing on television.
On June 1, security firm Check Point reported that a browser hijacking operation called "Fireball" had already claimed 250 million victims. According to a Microsoft analysis published June 22, Check Point's estimate of the number of victims was "overblown" and the attack is not nearly as widespread as initially reported.
The Fireball attack is a browser hijacking that is potentially able to download malware onto victims' systems, as well as manipulate pageviews and redirect search requests. Check Point's initial analysis claimed that Fireball was being bundled as part of free software downloads to unsuspecting users.
"Indeed, we have been working with Microsoft on their analysis, feeding them with some additional data," Maya Horowitz, group manager of threat intelligence at Check Point, said in a statement sent to eWEEK. "We tried to reassess the number of infections, and from recent data we know for sure that numbers are at least 40 million, but could be much more."
Microsoft claimed in its analysis that it has been aware of the Fireball issue since 2015. In particular, Microsoft's analysis has found that the most prevalent malware used by Fireball are BrowserModifier:Win32/SupTab and BrowserModifier:Win32/Sasquor. According to Microsoft, its Windows users are protected from those threats by Windows Defender Antivirus and the Microsoft Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT).
"Check Point used a simple formula to come up with an estimate that was based on incorrect assumptions which provided an overblown number," a Microsoft spokesperson told eWEEK. "This was confirmed in the follow-up discussions."
Microsoft's analysis reports that approximately 11,084,744 Fireball-related infections were detected and removed by Microsoft's Defender and MSRT security technologies.
"Any sum of these numbers will be an estimate, however, as we can detect the malware on the same machine multiple times over multiple months," the spokesperson stated. "The sharp and continued drop in reports from MSRT over several months indicates reinfection rates were low."
Additionally, Microsoft claimed that Microsoft Edge browser users are not impacted at all by Fireball. Microsoft's spokesperson said that is because the malware does not make changes that affect Edge's settings. The spokesperson added that the impact to Microsoft's Internet Explorer (IE) browser is extremely limited because a number of factors must be in place.
Edge is the successor to IE and has benefited from multiple security innovations. It has also benefited from the broader security researcher community that has been contributing bugs to Microsoft as part of a bug bounty program.
On June 21, Microsoft announced that since the Edge bounty effort began in August 2016 it has paid out over $200,000 in rewards to security researchers. The bounties were part of the Edge on Windows Insider Preview (WIP) bounty program that was not originally intended to be a time limited effort, but that is now changing.
"This collaboration with the research community has resulted in significant improvements in Edge security and has allowed us to offer more proactive security for our customers," Akila Srinivasan, security program manager at the Microsoft Security Response Center, wrote in a blog post. "Keeping in line with our philosophy of protecting customers and proactively partnering with researchers, today we are changing the Edge on Windows Insider Preview (WIP) bounty program from a time bound to a sustained bounty program."
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at eWEEK and InternetNews.com. Follow him on Twitter @TechJournalist.
LAS VEGAS – People might tell you that there was a time when the Xtreme Couture gym on West Sunset in Las Vegas was home to one of the top fight teams in MMA, but that isn't true. It's one of those myths that pop up, propagated first by the people who genuinely hoped it would become true, and later by those who squinted at it from a distance and figured it was close enough.
The truth, according to those who were around to see it, was that Xtreme Couture was always more of a venue than a team. It was a physical location, albeit a good one with a good space. It was a roof and mats and cages collected in one cavernous warehouse of a building out there in another nondescript strip mall, the kind that reach out in all directions across the desert floor.
Fighters would show up there for practice not knowing who, if anyone, would be there, said UFC lightweight Gray Maynard, “and every day it was like dogs trying to piss on the same fire hydrant.”
With the gym's namesake, Randy Couture, off making movies, there was no uniting force on the mats every day. All they had was a loose collection of coaches there to hold spit buckets and press start on round timers, while fighters drifted in and out on whatever breezes happened to be blowing just then.
“It was ‘Lord of the Flies' in here,” gym manager Eric Nicksick said.
The gym had become “just a place to spar,” as Maynard put it.
“There just wasn't any consistency,” said IFL and Bellator vet Jay Hieron. “Everybody was doing their own thing, and it wasn't working.”
It was, in other words, no good at all. That's why Maynard left, ditching Xtreme Couture to go on his own little MMA walkabout, which took him to Nova Uniao in Brazil and to AKA in San Jose. Guys like Tyson Griffin, Michael Chandler and Mike Pyle also sought their training elsewhere. The team, if there had ever been one, was falling apart.
Some blamed Vegas. It was just the way the MMA scene worked out there, they said. A bunch of mercenaries, all out for themselves, cobbling together their training from multiple sources of their own choosing. There would never be one true MMA powerhouse in that city, people said. It couldn't be done.
Even all the way up in Oregon, Robert Follis heard them.
“I love those words,” Follis said. “Really? ‘Can't do it?' I think you're wrong. Maybe it just hasn't been approached the right way.”
At 45, Follis is lanky and lean, a man with the booming voice of a motivational speaker and the manic energy of a subway preacher. He's one of those people whose stare feels a little too strong to be comfortable, like he's looking at you and seeing the things you thought you were doing a better job of hiding.
For years he was the coach behind the scenes at the Team Quest gym in Portland, where fighters like Couture, Matt Lindland, Chris Leben and a host of others first honed their crafts. Around the same time that gym began to unravel, Follis found himself divorced, a little bit sick of the fight game, and in need of a change of scenery. He thought he'd move south, maybe get a more low-key job teaching jiu-jitsu. But when longtime Xtreme Couture member and retired fighter Dennis Davis heard that Follis was available, he formed other plans.
Davis had tried to assume a leadership role at Xtreme Couture for a while. But it wasn't easy to suddenly become the coach of the same people he'd trained alongside for years. They just didn't think of him that way, and they didn't seem eager to start.
“I think it was hard for people to see me as their coach,” Davis said. “Here I am, I've been their training partner for a long time, and all of a sudden, hey, I'm your head coach and telling you what to do, when to be here. That was hard for some guys.”
From Davis' own experiences training at Team Quest before he moved to Las Vegas, he knew that Follis wouldn't have that problem. Whatever ineffable quality it was that made some people leaders, Davis knew Follis had it.
“He's just one of those guys who command respect,” Davis said. “I don't know what it is about him. He's like your dad. You don't want to disappoint him.”
Davis also knew that if anybody had what it took to make the team approach to MMA really work in Vegas, it was Follis. He knew from his own experience that while the relatively cheap housing, the nearby presence of the UFC headquarters, and the year-round warm weather made the city a magnet for young men seeking fame and fortune as pro fighters, Las Vegas could also be one giant, glittering distraction. He'd experienced it for himself when he first came here from Oregon. In Vegas, there was always a party to be found somewhere. And if he indulged himself to the point of excess and couldn't make it into pro practice the next day?
“No one said anything,” Davis said. “No one was calling me saying, ‘Hey, where are you at?' But I knew Follis would do that, because he did it to me back in Oregon.”
The trouble was, Xtreme Couture didn't exactly have the budget for two full-time head coaches at the time. To solve this problem, Davis offered to take a pay cut. He did it, he said, because the team needed someone like Follis if it wanted to become any sort of team at all. While Xtreme Couture might have gotten by on name value and novelty alone for the first few years, he knew those things had taken them as far as they could. His own career was proof of that. After leaving Oregon and relocating to Las Vegas, Davis said, “my fight game went in the dumps compared to where it was with Follis and Team Quest.”
“I think when Randy first started this gym, what you had was a bunch of people who were already good, and they just showed up,” Davis said. “You get a bunch of good guys all in one spot, they can be good for a while. The problem was, they weren't getting any better. The level just stayed where it was, or even dropped off for some of the guys.”
Follis came on as head coach in September of 2013. Right away, he got to work establishing some ground rules, because he knew as well as anyone that the atmosphere needed to change if things were ever going to get better at Xtreme Couture.
“I'd been down here and seen it for myself,” Follis said. “Practice started at four? Then everybody would roll in at 4:30, like it didn't matter. Nobody was setting the standard and holding people accountable. I sat everybody down when I first got here and told them that four o'clock means four o'clock. And I know that might sound like a silly point to some people, but if I'm going to do this, it's to win titles. To me, showing up 15 minutes late doesn't say championship training. It says, ‘I don't care enough to be on time for myself and my teammates.' And I get it, it's easier to let people roll in late than it is to constantly hold that line. But what I told them was, ‘I don't want to look at you after a loss and go, maybe I should have made you be on time. Sorry.' No, I want to know I gave everything I had on my end.”
When Follis started his coaching job at Xtreme Couture, team practices consisted mostly of amateurs, a few pros who fought on small regional shows, and “one guy in Bellator.”
“That's it,” Follis said. “Not one UFC guy was coming to the actual team practices.”
These days you look around on the mats and see UFC fighters like middleweight Brad Tavares, welterweight Josh Burkman, lightweight Evan Dunham, bantamweight Bryan Caraway, women's bantamweight Miesha Tate, women's strawweight Heather Jo Clark – even Maynard is back these days, which is an encouraging sign to people like Nicksick, the gym manager, who cited Maynard's departure as a low point for the team as a whole.
“When Gray left, that hurt,” Nicksick said. “That's when we had to take a hard look at ourselves and figure out what the problems were, what was wrong. When we got everybody together and asked them what they wanted out of this, the answer was the same for everyone. You want to win f-cking fights.”
Follis had a proven track record for helping fighters do that, and he brought those same principles to Xtreme Couture. About a year after he arrived, the situation had improved enough that Maynard had started to hear rumors of the gym's resurgence.
“People started to tell me, ‘You should check it out. It's organized now,'” Maynard said. “So I came back and checked it out a few times, and man, it is organized. It's a team atmosphere now. Before, you wouldn't know who'd be here or what they'd be doing, but you'd come in to practice and feel like you have to protect what's yours, just a scrap every day. If you're preparing for a championship bout, you need a home. You need a place where you feel safe and you know people are there for you.”
That's the part that's long been missing from the Vegas MMA scene, according to its detractors. Whether it's the nature of the city itself, the people who've put down roots there, or the lingering influence of the superstar-centric boxing gyms that dot the landscape, many fighters will tell you that Las Vegas is where people go for a few weeks worth of training – not to build a career.
That approach had begun to bother fighters like Maynard, who looked at his peers in places like San Jose, Albuquerque, and South Florida, and saw fighters with the type of consistent support systems that he longed for. In those gyms, fighters could allow themselves to be vulnerable. They could grow and develop.
“Here, it got to the point where people would just come in for their camp, here or there, and it's like, where were you for my camp?” Maynard said. “Where were you when I needed you?”
In addition to convincing old team members to give it another shot, Follis' arrival also caught the attention of those from the Pacific Northwest scene who knew him from the Team Quest days. That's what prompted Caraway and Tate to come here after their own period of wandering in the wilderness, during which they were sometimes criticized by other coaches and fighters for being too reticent to throw in with the rest of the group, too focused on doing their own thing in someone else's shop.
For Caraway, the appeal was twofold. For one, he knew Follis to be one of the best coaches around when it came to the mental game, which Caraway needed (As Follis put it: “One of the things we joke about is, man, if we could just always get Bryan in pretty good shape, then every once in a while surprise him and throw him in a van, drive him straight to the arena, and throw him in the cage, he'd be a world champion for sure right now.”). For another, Caraway trusted Follis enough to let him take the reins with Tate's career, which Caraway had tried – obsessively at times, as he'll now admit – to constantly mold and safeguard, sometimes at the expense of their relationship.
“I don't want to be the bad guy and then come home and have to be a good guy,” Caraway said. “We realized we needed another coach to kind of funnel the constructive criticism through, and there's nobody better than Coach Follis.”
The way Follis sees it, a lot of the difficulty for Tate and Caraway revolved around trust. Tate needed to know that Caraway trusted the coach who was running things, and Caraway needed to trust that person enough to hand over the keys for the two of them. In that way, Follis said, it wasn't so different from working with any other fighter. It's just a matter of figuring out how they communicate, and then speaking their language.
“I think for Bryan, a lot of it had to do with him making sure that he was heard,” Follis said. “Some fighters, they want to have more of a role in crafting their game plan, their approach, and some coaches hear that and they take it as an insult. But before you can teach someone and reach them on a different level, you have to develop a certain degree of trust. You have to reach them on their level, the way they communicate, not the way you communicate. My goal as a coach is to figure out what you need — whether it's the tough guy, the sensitive guy, the kid gloves, whatever – and give you that. I pride myself on being able to morph to their needs, rather than them morphing to mine.”
Part of his desire to turn the team around, Follis will admit, is to prove he can do it. To come into a city where people said the team approach wouldn't work, and to revive a gym that had become little more than a warehouse of able bodies, that would show people that his success at Team Quest wasn't just a consequence of having the right talent at the right time.
But the thing about trying to turn an MMA team around is, there's only one way to prove that you've done it, and that's to win fights. That's the part that's largely out of a coach's hands come fight night, and also the part that's easily subject to bad luck, bad breaks, or just bad nights.
“If you're winning,” Follis said, “you're a genius. If you're not then you're an idiot.”
But then, when it comes to trying to peer into the future, wondering if the results will match up with the work they've been putting in on those long afternoons in the desert strip mall, it's not so unlike what Follis tells the fighters who come to him with concerns about their next fight, their next opponent. Maybe they're afraid they'll get knocked out, even if they've never been knocked out before. Maybe they aren't sure if their wrestling is where it needs to be, despite the fact that they've been holding their own in practice. To engage in this form of speculation, Follis likes to point out, is to look into the unknown.
“And, I mean, if we're going to make up the future,” Follis said, “why don't we go ahead and make it up in our favor?”
Poughkeepsie Fireworks
By RON LIZZI - GoOutsideBook.com
Here are ten photos from the City of Poughkeepsie's 2014 Independence Day fireworks display over New York's Hudson River. These photos were taken from Walkway Over the Hudson State Historic Park, which features the longest elevated pedestrian bridge in the world (1.28 miles long).
The Mid-Hudson Bridge at dusk, prior to the fireworks
More fireworks photos:
6 photos from the fireworks display at the 2015 Clinton Summer Fest & Fireworks in Clinton, Connecticut
7 photos from the fireworks display at Celebrate East Lyme 2015 in Niantic, Connecticut
10 photos of fireworks over Connecticut's Thames River from Sailfest 2015
9 photos from the City of Middletown's 2015 Independence Day fireworks display over the Connecticut River
5 photos of fireworks over the Connecticut State Capitol from First Night Hartford 2014
RIALTO, California – On May 29, Mario Cisneros, 5, and his 3-year-old brother, David Cisneros, where at home with their grandmother, grandfather and a 1-year-old cousin when a fire broke out. As they were crawling behind their grandmother to escape the flames, the two boys got lost and ended up in a bathroom. That is where firefighters found them, along with a puppy. All three died. Now the grieving mother, Viviana Delgado, wants to honor the two boys by celebrating Halloween like they did in the past. She opened up the now vacant home as a haunted house attraction. Now you and your family can take a tour through the home and even re-enact the two boy's last moments by crawling down the hallway into the bathroom where they succumbed to the heat and smoke.
Guys, I am a morbid sumbitch – and I have no idea whatsoever how I would handle the loss of any of my many, many kids across this planet. But Jesus Fucking Christ this is just in really, really bad taste. I can understand honoring the boys on Halloween, but to turn the inside of the home they died into some kind of attraction? If you watch the video, keep an eye out for the 33 second mark when it looks like, among the spooky decorations they added, they have what looks like a young boy crawling on the floor.
But just when I think the story couldn't get any creepier, I find out that they even adorned the front yard with two tombstones to represent the two boys and then the video shows a horrifying picture that is almost in just as bad taste as this haunted house and just as offensive to my senses.
Anyway, my condolences to the family over the loss of the two boys. Kind of cool that they stuck together like that even though I cannot imagine how scared they must have been. Hopefully their deaths were as painless as possible. Also, grief can do some strange things to people. I am sure we have all seen it, or been through it. I was even on the fence about this one – even though I thought it was in poor taste – until I read they were charging $3 to get in. Then it all just felt very, very wrong.
Source | Source
Related articles by Zemanta
Peter Leonard, The Associated Press
KYIV, Ukraine -- Western nations rushed to help Ukraine on Thursday, with the International Monetary Fund pledging up to $18 billion in loans, the UN condemning the vote that drove Crimea into Russian hands and the U.S. Congress considering even harsher sanctions against Russia.
Yet even with such intensive help to prop up Ukraine's teetering economy, the prime minister warned that all residents are going to feel pain from the necessary financial reforms ahead -- and home energy prices are certain to rise quickly.
And if that wasn't enough, former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko -- one of the country's most polarizing figures -- said she will run for president in the May 25 vote. The announcement is sure to usher in strong emotions in Ukraine's turbulent politics.
Russia, for its part, shrugged off the spotlight that was on Ukraine and the torrent of criticism directed at its annexation of Crimea. President Vladimir Putin's government announced it would set up its own payment system to rival Visa and MasterCard after the two companies pulled their services from some Russian banks in the wake of international sanctions.
Speaking in Rome, President Barack Obama called the swell of support a "concrete signal of how the world is united with Ukraine."
"The decision to go forward with an IMF program is going to require a lot of courage," Obama said. "It will require some tough decisions."
In a lengthy, passionate address to parliament in Kyiv, Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk warned that Ukraine was "on the brink of economic and financial bankruptcy" and laid out the fixes needed to put the country back on track.
"The time has come to tell the truth, to do difficult and unpopular things," Yatsenyuk said, adding that Ukraine was short $25.8 billion -- "equivalent to the entire state budget for this year."
The IMF loan, which is expected to range between $14 billion and $18 billion, hinges on structural reforms that Ukraine has pledged to undertake.
Ukraine's new government finds itself caught between the demands of international creditors and a restive population that has endured decades of economic stagnation, corruption and mismanagement. The reforms demanded by the IMF -- which included raising taxes, freezing the minimum wage and hiking energy prices -- will hit households hard and are likely to strain the interim government's tenuous hold on power.
Ukraine, a nation of 46 million people, is battling to install a semblance of normalcy since President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted in February after months of protests ignited by his decision to back away from closer relations with the EU and turn toward Russia. Over the last few weeks, an interim government has formed, Ukraine lost Crimea to Russia and further possible military incursions by Russia are feared.
"This is a kamikaze government that perfectly well understands that there is no other way to stabilize Ukraine," said Viktor Zamyatin, analyst with the Kyiv-based Razumkov Center think-tank . "The catastrophic state of Ukraine's economy has forced the government's hand."
But he said it could pay a steep price.
"It is hard to explain to the voter that the worsening of the economy has happened not because of the revolution, but because of Viktor Yanukovych's policies," he said.
The UN General Assembly overwhelmingly approved a resolution condemning the referendum that led to annexation of the Crimean Peninsula as illegal. The vote Thursday was 100 in favour, 11 opposed and 58 abstentions.
Tymoshenko, who was released from jail last month following the overthrow of her fierce rival Yanukovych, is variously admired as an icon of democracy or detested as a self-promoting manipulator with a shady past.
This will be the 53-year-old's second attempt to win the presidency. She narrowly lost to Yanukovych in 2010 and spent two years in jail on charges that many in the West considered politically tainted.
On Thursday, alluding to her time in jail, she declared she has earned the right to promise that she will combat corruption.
"I will be the candidate of Ukrainian unity," Tymoshenko said. "The west and centre of Ukraine has always voted for me, but I was born in the east."
Ukraine is politically divided, with western regions favouring closer ties to Europe and the east looking toward Russia. But the dire state of its economy is an unavoidable issue: Ukraine's Finance Ministry has said it needs $35 billion over the next two years to avoid default.
The IMF said recent economic policies have drastically slowed Ukraine's growth and brought foreign currency reserves to a "critically low level."
"Ukraine's macroeconomic imbalances became unsustainable over the past year," the IMF said.
One immediate reform will be to let gas prices for households float up to become more in line with market prices. Ukraine for years has relied on discounted gas from Russia and then subsidized that further, so that residents are used to extremely low energy prices. Russia has abandoned the discounts and Ukraine's government cannot afford the extra subsidy anymore.
State energy company Naftogaz announced this week that household gas prices would rise 50 per cent beginning May 1 to make utility costs economically viable for the state by 2018. Yatsenyuk said the number of households getting state energy subsidies would rise from 1.4 million to four million.
He also announced layoffs for 10 per cent of Ukraine's civil servants, or 24,000 workers.
Other donors, including the European Union and Japan, have already pledged further aid to Ukraine, conditional on the IMF bailout and reform package. The total amount of international assistance will be about $27 billion over the next two years.
Separately, the 28-nation EU has prepared a wider aid package including loans and grants for Ukraine expected to total more than $10 billion over the coming years.
Ukraine has historically had a fraught relationship with the IMF and failed to keep to the terms of earlier bailouts in 2008 and 2010. Such recalcitrance is seen as less probable this time around, although doubts persist.
"Given the volatile political situation, the prospect of a change in president following elections on May 25, and Ukraine's track record with the IMF, there will still be many doubts about whether politicians will be able or willing to push through more substantial changes," wrote William Jackson, an analyst at Capital Economics research company.
The Toronto Blue Jays have touched base with a pair of key free agents, though it's unlikely they'll put pen to paper with either.
Toronto contacted outfielder Nick Markakis's agent, according to Jon Morosi of Fox Sports, though they are prioritizing other outfielders ahead of the two-time Gold Glove winner.
Markakis and the Baltimore Orioles are reportedly negotiating a four-year deal after the team rejected his $17.5-million option for next season. The 30-year-old, who has spent his entire nine-year career in Baltimore, slashed .276/.342/.386 with 14 home runs and 50 RBIs in 2014.
Toronto has a vacancy in left field with Melky Cabrera's departure to free agency.
Morosi also noted that the Blue Jays appear to be in the same place with free agent Hanley Ramirez as they are with Markakis - have checked in but are essentially checked out.
While Toronto is set to pay Jose Reyes $66 million over the next three seasons to play shortstop, Ramirez matches the Blue Jays' criteria due to his willingness to consider playing other positions. If a deal were to be struck, the three-time All-Star would likely play third base while Brett Lawrie moves to second, however Ramirez is a long shot to land north of the border in his search for a lucrative, multi-year deal.
The Seattle Mariners, Houston Astros and Boston Red Sox have all been reported as having varying levels of interest in Ramirez.
By Kang Seung-woo
North Korea watchers said Sunday that Pyongyang's series of conciliatory offers are aimed at solidifying its rule over its people as well as chipping away at South Korea's strong North Korean policy.
The Stalinist country formally proposed Thursday halting all cross-border "slander" starting Jan. 30 and called for mutual action to prevent a "nuclear holocaust" on the Korean Peninsula, only to be snubbed by the South the following day.
However, the Rodong Shinmun, the country's mouthpiece, said Saturday that the secretive state will take the first steps to fulfill its proposal to end inter-Korea tension, calling on the South to follow suit.
"Given that South Korea believes there will be no improvement in inter-Korea relations without a change in North Korea's attitude, the North is insinuating that the current tension on the peninsula are due to the South's policy toward them," said Park Young-ho, an analyst at the Korea Institute for National Unification.
The unification ministry said Friday that North Korea should immediately take substantial steps toward denuclearization if Pyongyang wants peace on the Korean Peninsula.
Dongguk University Professor Koh Yu-hwan expected that the North will continue to come up with conciliatory offers for the present as part of pressuring the South, as well as creating a perceived "friendly atmosphere" for the country.
"Although Seoul will not accept the proposals, Pyongyang will take unilateral action," Koh said.
Since taking power in December 2011, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has set his sights on economic growth and improvement in living standards for the people to strengthen his reign, and the recent proposals are part of that plan, analysts said.
"In order to improve the people's livelihood, there is the need for sanctions by the United Nations (U.N.) as well as the South to be lifted," Koh said.
Angered by North Korea torpedoing the South's naval ship Cheonan in March 2010, former President Lee Myung-bak suspended all trade and investment with the North on May 24 the same year. The U.N. also slapped the North with sanctions after its third nuclear test in February last year.
"As joint Korean-U.S. military exercises are scheduled for February through April, the North will have to prepare for them and the preparation will result in it funneling resources to the military, with the people more likely to struggle," Koh added.
President Park has said that although there will not be a big thaw in inter-Korea relations, they may shift toward dialogue.
"When the joint military exercises are finished and if the North is still positively open to ending tension, the two Koreas may return to the negotiating table," Park said.
Koh added: "The South Korean government needs not reject all suggestions from the North. In order to ease tension, they should meet each other rather than unilaterally deliver messages."
Linux 4.0 is almost upon us! It's codenamed “Hurr durr I'm going to sheep.” Yes, seriously. Linux kernels have weird codenames.
Setting aside the head-scratching title, Linux 4.0 isn't a massive change from Linux 3.19. It would have been named Linux 3.20, but lots of people wanted to see Linux 4.0. As Linus Torvalds himself said, “the strongest argument for some people advocating 4.0 seems to have been a wish to see 4.1.15 - because ‘that was the version of Linux Skynet used for the T-800 Terminator.'”
Reboot-free kernel patching
The biggest feature (aside from dragging us ever closer to the robotic hellscape seen in the Terminator series) is live kernel patching. When an update—perhaps a critical security update—is issued for the Linux kernel, this technology would allow the operating system to swap out its running kernel without a reboot. It might sound like a minor time-saver, but it's actually a huge deal for mission-critical servers that need maximum uptime.
Originally, this feature was offered by Ksplice. But Oracle bought that technology and it now only works with Oracle Linux. SUSE developed their own solution, named kGraft, and Red Hat developed their own solution, named Kpatch. The live-patching feature found in Linux 4.0 works with both kGraft and Kpatch, making everyone happy.
Want to stay up to date on Linux, BSD, Chrome OS, and the rest of the World Beyond Windows? Bookmark the World Beyond Windows column page or follow our RSS feed.
Don't necessarily expect your Linux desktop to get rebootless patching any time soon, as this requires some work to implement. But it's a big deal for Linux servers and clusters that need all the uptime they can get.
Intel Skylake, AMD Radeon, and PlayStation 3 drivers
The Linux kernel gained a lot of hardware driver improvements, offering improved hardware support. There's been work done on graphics and power-management support for Intel's Skylake processors, the successor to Intel's Broadwell platform. The Intel Quark system-on-a-chip platform is now also supported, along with many new ARM platforms—ARM support is increasingly being integrated into the mainline Linux kernel.
AMD Radeon graphics cards are getting better driver support in Linux 4.0.
The open-source AMD Radeon driver now supports audio over the DisplayPort connection, better fan control support, and other improvements. Gamers will still want to run the closed-source AMD FGLRX driver, though—or stick with Nvidia hardware, which provides a superior closed-source graphics driver.
Hardware support for everything from the open-source Nouveau graphics driver for Nvidia GPUs to various input devices and Toshiba laptop power-saving settings has improved. Sound drivers have been cleaned up, and the kernel-based virtual machine (KVM) support also has a bunch of improvements.
Amusingly enough, there have also been patches forrunning Linux on the PlayStation 3. Despite Sony removing the “OtherOS” option from existing PlayStation 3 consoles with a firmware update—and facing a class-action lawsuit for doing it, although that was dismissed—PS3-related patches are still making it into the Linux kernel.
Sony's PlayStation 3 is still getting love in Linux kernel updates.
File-system drivers for everything from the F2FS flash-friendly file system, OverlayFS file system for live environments, pNFS file system for network file system clients, and BtrFS next-generation file system have been improved, too.
Linux is now over twenty years old, and new kernels are released every few months. All those little optimizations and hardware support improvements make a real difference. Whether you use Linux on your desktop or not, it's powering many of the devices you use and servers you connect to every single day. Let's just hope it doesn't actually become self-aware and try to exterminate us all.
If there was one thing I had to see at E3 2014, it was Project Morpheus. VR is just a fantasy every gamer has ever had since their first go at Pong. I have to say, my short experience with Sony's latest video game innovation was pretty fun.
The Deep, the tech demo that I got to play, put me in a shark cage deep underwater. Needless to say, a shark began attacking me, ripping the front of the cage off. Although watching the demo on a simple TV wouldn't scare the most cowardly of gamers, actually having Morpheus on my face along with headphones was almost terrifying.
The impressiveness that comes with VR made me forget that I was in no danger whatsoever in real life, and for my brief time with Project Morpheus, I was actually in a shark cage fearing for my life.
The Deep tech demo at E3 2014:
One thing I didn't like about the tech demo is that shooting flares with the R2 button on the DualShock 4 didn't seem to do anything. I would have much rather had two PlayStation Move controllers in my hands, than a gun shooting pointless (and unlimited) flares. Still, for a tech demo, The Deep was fantastic.
Sadly, I wasn't able to check out the other two Morpheus tech demos available, but my time with it was exciting. Hopefully there are actually games and a low price point to justify having a VR headset in my living room, but I have a funny feeling about what Media Molecule and Quantic Dream are working on.
Be sure to stay tuned with Junkie Monkeys for more on Project Morpheus, and more E3 coverage. By the way, if you want to check out the PlayStation Now Beta on PS4, here is an extra code! QMRD-AEN3-3B88
This article is over 6 years old
Three arrested after police tipped off about animals thought to have been bound for restaurants to become exotic dishes
Chinese police have rescued 3,600 smuggled crocodiles they believe were en route to dining tables in southern Guangdong province.
The creatures – which measured up to 1.7 metres long and together weighed 16 tonnes – were intercepted in Guangxi Zhuang region, close to the border with Vietnam, state news agency Xinhua reported.
Siamese crocodiles are endangered in the wild, although they have been bred in captivity successfully.
Chongzuo police arrested three foreigners after receiving a tip-off about the unusual cargo in the trucks, they said.
Forty-two of the 3,619 animals died in transit due to hot weather, prolonged dehydration and the cramped conditions. The rest are now receiving treatment from vets.
Officials said the smugglers had planned to sell them to restaurants in neighbouring Guangdong province – famed in China for its residents' exotic and wide-ranging culinary tastes.
Zheng Yuanying, southern China programme director of the Green Eye of China environmental protection group, said the government had been stepping up efforts to crack down on the trade in exotic animals, but that the black market persisted.
Sellers claim Siamese crocodiles have special nutritional benefits, he said, but the main reason for diners eating them was that they liked to try new and adventurous dishes.
But a growing number of young Chinese volunteers are challenging the trade in unusual and often endangered creatures.
Zhang said authorities needed to further strengthen border inspections, adding he had heard of people simply walking across the border with crocodiles in boxes on their backs.
"Secondly, it should check the hotels and restaurants, check the certification [of their ingredients] and inform the public about restaurants who provide these dishes.
"Finally, although people all know it is illegal to eat these wild creatures, they will still eat them as long as the market sells them. What's needed is a long-term, stronger campaign to explain to people why they shouldn't eat crocodile," he said.
With its innovative styling and high quality construction, the Cooler Master Elite 430 black case lends a hot, edgy look to your system. It's designed all-black interior coating with its main purpose in mind as such there's plenty space for large graphics cards even the latest long graphic card Radeon HD 5970, perfect for the game enthusiast. Combining 1x 120mm front blue LED fan and 1x optional 120mm rear fan with well ventilated front mesh design, this case can keep even the hottest system nice and cool.
This stunning case, compatible with all ATX and Micro ATX motherboards, affords ample storage capacity with its 10 drive bays, which include: 3x 5.25" external, 5x 3.5" internal, and 2x 3.5" external bay. Cooler Master thoughtfully includes a pair of USB 2.0 ports on this easy-to-mod case, along with two audio ports. For easy access to these ports, you'll appreciate the remarkably convenient front I/O panel, as well. Assembly's a snap, and won't require any tools, making this case an ideal choice for future modifications. Deck out your PC with cutting edge style at a tremendous value.
OSEN via NaverWon Bin's been gearing up for a return to the big screen as early as the second half of the year. Many movies have been sending him casting offers but he's unfortunately been rejecting them at "LTE speed". One movie production company CEO said, "I was upset at first when he rejected it but I actually felt grateful later because I realized I could prepare another movie casting for him in that time. It's better than him dragging it out for months and rejecting us for an empty reason."1. [+14,903, -706] If all Won Bin was good for was his handsome face, no one would care if he just lived off of CFs for the rest of his life... but all of his movies have been hugely impactful like 'Taegukgi', 'Our Hyung', 'Mother', 'The Man From Nowhere'.. He's a talented actor with great visuals so many will always be waiting for him to get back into acting. It's definitely time for him to make a comeback either with a drama or a movie considering it's been 5 years since his last movie...2. [+10,419, -226] A face like that should be seen not only in CFs but lots in dramas and movies, why such a long hiatus3. [+8,157, -233] Meanwhile Di Caprio is still filming tons of movies4. [+7,236, -922] He's a CF model, not an actor, at this rate..5. [+1,043, -32] Can he let me borrow his face if he's not going to be using it..6. [+873, -71] Considering even Hyun Bin's comeback works since his discharge both ended up in failures with 'The Fatal Encounter' and 'Hyde', I understand Won Bin being cautious with his own comeback..
“This is a really great opportunity for me to make some extra money,” said Jacky, 34, who declined to give his full name because he was releasing internal information about Uber.
Though other ride-hailing services also offer driver bonuses, Jacky said Uber pays the most. In the first three weeks of May, he said, he made the equivalent of about $1,000 from Uber — or almost half of his $2,100 monthly salary at the telecommunications company — with the majority of his earnings as a driver coming from the subsidies.
While China represents huge scale as a market, it has fended off the entry of just about every major Western technology start-up. Uber, a five-year-old company that operates in more than 310 cities and 58 countries worldwide, faces homegrown Chinese rivals like Didi Kuaidi, which has more than 90 percent of the market and is backed by two of the largest Chinese Internet companies, Alibaba and Tencent. It may also have to grapple with a fickle central government that could shut it out of the market overnight.
Yet more affluent and cosmopolitan Chinese have flocked to Uber's service, attracted by fares that are on average at least 35 percent cheaper than taxis, with the cars generally more luxurious than cabs and drivers who offer free water and are typically more polite.
The Men's Bracket Tournament View Women's Bracket »
Nate Silver is the author of The Times' FiveThirtyEight blog, which is devoted to the analysis of statistics and data in politics and other areas. He also is a basketball fan, and will be providing his insights throughout the men's tournament. The advancement probabilities displayed below reflect the chance that a team will advance to any given stage of the tournament, given games that have been played so far as well as all possible permutations of matchups that could be played for the rest of the tournament.
The principal factor in the forecasts is a composite of computer ratings. In addition, there are adjustments for injuries, the geographic location of the games, preseason ratings, and the quality of a team's performance during the tournament so far. The probabilities will be updated once per day or more often. See more about Mr. Silver's methodology at FiveThirtyEight.
If you've ever found yourself trapped in a seemingly endless loop of negative thinking, or wondered why you fixate on a stray rude comment but easily forget compliments, you may have a culprit to blame: evolution.
According to Rick Hanson, Ph.D., a neuropsychologist, founder of the Wellspring Institute for Neuroscience and Contemplative Wisdom, and New York Times best-selling author, humans are evolutionarily wired with a negativity bias. Our minds naturally focus on the bad and discard the good. It was much more important for our ancestors to avoid threats than to collect rewards: An individual who successfully avoided a threat would wake up the next morning and have another opportunity to collect a reward, but an individual who didn't avoid the threat would have no such opportunity.
Thus, the human brain evolved to focus on threats. Millennials are no stranger to stress and depression, especially when it's work related—a recent study reported that around 20 percent of Millennials sought out help or advice in the workplace for depression—a higher percentage than any other generation. According to the Status of Women in the States report from the Institute for Women's Policy Research, Millennial women ages 18-34 report an average of 4.9 days of poor mental health per month, while Millennial men report an average of 3.6 poor mental health days. Our brains are highly attuned to stress, even when such stress is of the mundane variety and not at all life threatening.
"Negative stimuli produce more neural activity than do equally intense (e.g., loud, bright) positive ones, Hanson writes on his website. “They are also perceived more easily and quickly. For example, people in studies can identify angry faces faster than happy ones; even if they are shown these images so quickly (just a tenth of a second or so) that they cannot have any conscious recognition of them, the ancient fight-or-flight limbic system of the brain will still get activated by the angry faces.”
Hanson describes the brain as like "Velcro for negative experiences and Teflon for positive ones." While some individuals may be inherently more optimistic than others, it's generally true that in order for positive experiences to “stick” in our brains as well as negative ones do, these positive experiences need to be held in our consciousness for a longer period of time.
“The alarm bell of your brain — the amygdala (you've got two of these little almond-shaped regions, one on either side of your head) — uses about two-thirds of its neurons to look for bad news: it's primed to go negative,” writes Hanson. “Once it sounds the alarm, negative events and experiences get quickly stored in memory — in contrast to positive events and experiences, which usually need to be held in awareness for a dozen or more seconds to transfer from short-term memory buffers to long-term storage."
How negative thinking changes the brain
The more that an individual's thought patterns trend negative and slip into rumination—continually turning over a situation in one's mind and focusing on its negative aspects—the easier it becomes to return automatically to these thought patterns.
That's not so great for our health. According to a blog post on Psychology Today, ruminating can damage the neural structures that regulate emotions, memory, and feelings. Even when our stress and worry is completely hypothetical and not based on any real or current situation, the amygdala and the thalamus (which helps communicate sensory and motor signals) aren't able to differentiate this hypothetical stress from the kind that actually needs to be listened to.
Cortisol, a stress hormone, breaks down the hippocampus, the part of the brain that helps form new memories. Most people experience a peak of cortisol in the morning, but it can also spike throughout the day in response to stress. The more cortisol that's released in response to negative experiences and thoughts, the more difficult it can become, over time, to form new positive memories.
In neuroscience, the expression “neurons that fire together, wire together” describes “experience-dependent neuroplasticity”—essentially, the concept that our brains are shaped by our thoughts and experiences. According to Hanson, the synapses in our brains that fire frequently become more sensitive. Our experiences and thoughts can lead to the growth of new synapses and even change our genes, altering the very structure of our brain. Or, as Hanson writes, “the brain takes its shape from what the mind rests upon.”
If you're prone to negative thinking, this might seem disheartening. It's easy to assume that we have no control over our thoughts. After all, they often pop up out of nowhere, and when rumination takes hold, it can be difficult to break its grip (I would know, I'm an accomplished ruminator). But the good news—and the basis of much of Hanson's work—is that it is possible to change our thought patterns and even “hardwire happiness” into our brains (which is the title of Hanson's 2013 book).
Shifting negative thought patterns
Edward Selby, Ph.D., suggests in a post on Psychology Today that engaging an activity that fully occupies the mind, such a crossword puzzle, can be helpful in terms of breaking out of ruminative thought patterns.
Mindfulness—a non-judgmental awareness of moment-to-moment experience—and a regular meditation practice have been proven to be immensely valuable in shifting negative thought patterns and brain activity. One study published in Cognitive Therapy and Research in 2014 found that decentering, or stepping back to “observe thoughts and feelings as temporary and objective events in the mind,” can help mediate the effects of rumination in individuals with depression. Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction (MBSR), developed by Jon Kabat-Zinn, founder of the Stress Reduction Clinic at the University of Massachusetts Medical School, teaches individuals to train their minds to cope with stress more skillfully (I discovered Rick Hanson through Karen Sothers, who teaches MBSR at the Scripps Institute for Integrative Medicine in San Diego, California).
Meditating regularly (there are apps for that: here's a list) can not only help shift negative thought patterns—it helps the brain focus its attention and even slow the loss of brain cells. For individuals struggling with depression, meditation won't necessarily substitute for therapy and/or medication, but it can work as a complement. Hanson also recommends practicing gratitude (keeping a gratitude journal and writing in it each morning is one way to do so), which can help increase psychological wellbeing.
SKOWHEGAN, Maine — Maine public health officials say they have confirmed three cases of whooping cough in Skowhegan schools.
Superintendent Brent Colbry says a letter was sent home with students Thursday alerting parents and families about the contagious disease, especially those who have been in close contact with the sick students.
Whooping cough, also known as or pertussis, is a contagious respiratory disease that can cause long, violent coughing fits and the characteristic “whooping” sound.
The state epidemiologist told the Morning Sentinel two cases were reported among older students and a third case involved a 7-year-old child. Dr. Stephen Sears says there has been in increase in cases in Maine in the past nine months.
School will be in session Friday, but officials are urging people showing symptoms to seek medical attention.
Pierce Brosnan has been discussing the possibility of his joining the Expendables franchise, with the former James Bond sounding extremely open to the idea.
"I said to Avi Lerner, ‘If it works out and you have a good script, Avi, you know where to find me if you still want me,'" reveals Brosnan. "It's as simple as that really."
"Sylvester Stallone is the one that's given us these wonderful platforms for actors who have and had careers to go play and have fun and to entertain," he continues.
"To bring a bunch of guys together who saved the world, fought the bad guys, and put them all on the same stage, that's crazy good."
"It's just about entertainment. Avi is somebody I've heard about and his movies always have big brash entertainment value to them. You can really change the world and that's great, but The Expendables ? Yeah, I'd love to do The Expendables . It's just a kick in the pants.”
Should the franchise eventually spawn a fourth film, it sounds as though they won't have to look far for a new cast member… in the meantime, The Expendables 3 will open in the UK on 14 August 2014.
Smith Bhatnagar comes of age in Growing Up Smith, a family-friendly film set in 1979 and opening today in select theaters. Played by newcomer Roni Akurati, Smith is an endearingly awkward 10-year-old boy who immigrated from India to Small Town, USA. His American dream is full of exciting things like Kentucky Fried Chicken, Saturday Night Fever, and Halloween. He's also very much in love with his charming neighbor Amy (The Walking Dead‘s Brighton Sharbino), daughter of his personal hero Butch Brunner (My Name is Earl‘s Jason Lee). The Brunner family stands out as friendly and accepting of the Bhatnagar family's differences in a community that's not so tolerant, and at school where Smith is bullied.
But Smith can't tell his parents Bhaaskar and Nalini (played by Anjul Nigam and Night Of's Poorna Jagannathan), about sneaking bites of KFC or about his first love. Bhaaskar is busy working as a CPA, and together with mom Nalini, they want the kids to grow up with their traditional Indian and Hindu culture. They have selected future Indian spouses for Smith and his sister Asha (Halal in the Family‘s Shoba Narayan), and also decided on Smith's future career as a neurosurgeon. Bhaaskar's American dream is to make enough money for the family to return to India and “live like rajas and ranis.” But the parents also fear their children becoming too American — dad warns early on in the film, “Today it's the apple pie, tomorrow it's the Jesus.”
Narrated Wonder Years-style by the adult Smith (Mr. Robot‘s Samrat Chakrabarti), the film evokes a nostalgia for the late 1970s and portrays the cross-cultural/generational story of a young desi immigrant boy as a gentle, heart-felt one, in contrast to current divisive rhetoric surrounding immigration in America. The film's production company Brittany House Pictures is committed to telling positive stories with “no explosions, no profanity, no violence,” according to Anjul Nigam (Grey's Anatomy, True Detective). Nigam is not just the veteran actor who plays Bhaaskar — he also has writing and producing credits for Growing Up Smith. The Aerogram had the chance to ask him a few questions. Read his replies, edited for length, after the clip from the film.
The film has a delightful scene with you as Bhaaskar offering Halloween trick-or-treaters a bit of a challenge, based on the story from your own childhood about your father. How much of Bhaaskar is based on your father, in terms of dialogue, mannerisms, motivation, etc.?
A lot of Bhaaskar is based on and borrowed from my own father. My parents, two brothers and I immigrated from India to Connecticut when I was two. My parents raised my brothers and me trying to preserve our Indian tradition. For example, the “utthak baithak” punishment depicted in the movie is something my two elder brothers and I were given when we fell out of line. We would be instructed to hold our ears and squat up and down until my father felt we had understood our offense.
The Halloween scene where Bhaaskar asks trick-or-treaters to grab coins from a flat tray is also something my father did — and still does! In fact, if you were to visit my childhood home in Connecticut on Halloween night, you'd still find my 83-year-old father offering coins to unsuspecting trick-or-treaters.
Meanwhile, my father's goal was never to be here permanently, but rather to become professionally established and then return to our homeland. Bhaaskar's line, “We'll go back and live the American Dream… in India” is taken directly from my father. In many ways, it's relatable because the immigrant experience is essentially universal… it's about finding a home away from home.
The world of Growing Up Smith is set in 1979. What kind of efforts went into recreating the look and feel of that time?
Our production designer, Sam Lisenco, in recreating 1979 America, wanted to be sure it wasn't a glamorized depiction of the era. Grounding the look meant we needed to find props, set pieces, and locations that were authentic. Many things in the film like costumes, Smith's bike and the “Star Wars” lunch box were purchased on eBay and from vintage stores.
Working within a very limited budget, there were many aspects to consider in searching for the Bhatnagar family home: it needed to be frozen in time in the 1970s; it needed to be on a quiet street so we could control traffic flow without requiring expensive security; and it needed to be empty, as moving a family out of the house for several weeks would be cost prohibitive.
The home we found was on a quiet suburban cul-de-sac and its elderly owner had recently passed away, leaving behind a home stylistically frozen in the 1970s. We were able to rent it before a new owner came in.
What coming of age film(s) do you consider a must-see?
Stand by Me, Cinema Paradisa, A Christmas Story, Billy Elliot, My Life as a Dog, and Whale Rider…I've been so inspired by these coming-of-age movies. Their main characters are children in a world where they have to confront difficult challenges around them, and in overcoming these challenges they are transformed. And often the stories are a memory from childhood, an adult perspective on a period in one's life that we look back upon with nostalgic longing. In fact, one of my favorite lines from Stand by Me touches on this: “I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was twelve. Jesus, does anyone?”
Has your family seen Growing Up Smith? What do they think of the film?
Sadly, my mother passed away during the long journey to get the movie made. My father first saw the film at the Woodstock Film Festival, where we won the Audience Award for Best Feature Narrative. In the post-show Q&A, he stood up and through tears, expressed how happy he was of seeing the movie come into fruition after all these years. When asked if he approved of my portrayal of “Bhaaskar,” his reply was a firm “Yes.” While, I'm not sure if he fully recognizes how much of the role was based on him, his approval was a personally rewarding moment for me as a filmmaker and actor.
My wife [Anjalika Mathur Nigam] is a co-producer on the movie, and she juggled the roller coaster ride of making an independent film all the while being there for both our kids as a full-time mother.
Over the course of our festival run and various screenings, both of my kids (two boys, ages 13 and 7) have seen the movie at least ten times, and they seem to enjoy it! But then again, as Bhaaskar would say, “If you're a good obedient boy, you do exactly what your father tells you to do.” I've told them to enjoy the movie!
How long has the film been in the works, through the stages of writing, production, and filming?
I was originally going to play “Smith” but it took so long to get the movie made, that I outgrew the role and had to play the father! The truth is, I first learned of the project in 2000 when writer Gregory Scott Houghton sent me his original script, at that point titled Good Ol' Boy, to attach me as an actor. He had based his writings on his roommate Ramesh Raju's personal life experience growing up as an Indian immigrant in Oklahoma.
The project was in its embryonic stage, so I optioned the property, did a rewrite, and sought out someone to collaborate with… but who? Well, it just so happened after seeing and falling in love with a beautiful film called This Is My Father, I had the fortune of meeting its writer/director Paul Quinn at a mutual friend's party. But unfortunately, I didn't have the courage to share with him about my little project; I let the opportunity slip until fate would reconnect us some six months later. Through our mutual friend, Paul learned that I was selling a classic 1971 Mercedes 280SE, and contacted me to see the car. Although he did come by to take a look at the car, which incidentally I had listed for $6,000 and ultimately sold to someone else for $600, he left with the script for Good Ol' Boy.
Paul read it within a few days (a miracle in Hollywood time) and called me to say, “This needs to be made!” The story had hit home for Paul. He had grown up outside of Chicago with Irish immigrant parents who, dreading their eldest son, Paul's brother, was becoming too Westernized for his own good, banished him to Ireland. So Paul came on board, and he and I spent a year writing yet another draft of the script, the one that would eventually make its way up on screen as Growing Up Smith. While we finished the screenplay in 2004, securing financing for the movie became a near decade long journey.
It wasn't until 2013 that we met a gentleman from the hedge fund world who had it on his bucket list to make a movie. Once we cast Jason Lee, we had a green-lit film and we were in production in 2014. We finished post-production in 2015, and from there started a 25-festival run that ended in the Fall of 2016. And here we are, nearly 17 years later coming to a theater near you!
* * *
Pavani Yalamanchili is an editor at The Aerogram. Find her on Twitter at @_pavani, and follow The Aerogram at @theaerogram or on Facebook.
FRIDAY, Aug. 7 — Lansing City Councilwoman Carol Wood has reimbursed the city of Lansing for some of the ads she placed with taxpayer funds that included her campaign web address.
Wood said Thursday she has repaid the city $125 for an advertisement that ran in the monthly newsletter of the Lansing Association for Human Rights. The amount covers five ads from this year.
Wood said she is still determining how much more she owes the city for the ad, which appeared as long ago as January 2013. The publication's rate card said the ad is $25 per insertion.
Ingham County Clerk Barb Byrum sent a letter to state election officials Tuesday raising concerns about the ad because it did not show up as an expense on Wood's campaign finance report.
Wood admitted to the error in a phone call with City Pulse Tuesday. On Wednesday she posted an apology on her Facebook page to her supporters.
“Because I used my city council account to pay for the ad which is a permissible expenditure, the ad should not have included the link to my campaign website,” Wood posted. ”I apologize for this error. I take ethics issues very seriously, and I take full responsibility for this mistake. I will be removing the link to my website from future versions of the ad, and will immediately reimburse the city from my campaign account.”
The apology was “liked” by 123 people by Friday morning, and received 38 comments, all supportive.
“I wrote a check for $125 to cover from Feb. to July,” Wood told City Pulse on Thursday. “January was a free month and May a free month.”
That only covers 2015. Wood told City Pulse Tuesday the ad had been running for “years.”
“I am following up on that now,” Wood said, “but I wanted to take care of this year's first and some of those were paid by me from my own checking account when my council account was used for other things.”
While there is no doubt about the potential of shale and tight oil resources in the US specifically and the rest of the world to a lesser extent, it is felt that the potential has been overstated in the media to the extent that some reporters are really not interested in the facts as much as their interest in the hype.
The increase in US production in the last few years has driven some reporters and even analysts to go out of their way in tendering numbers and expectations that have no bearing on realities.
Take Patrice Hill in the Washington Times of
February 4, 2013 reporting about a “growing school of bullish analysts believe that booming production in the US will put energy independence within reach.” And “With oil production from shale rock, oil sands and deep-sea drilling booming in the US, Canada, Brazil and elsewhere, worries about Middle East-based oil cartels and vulnerable Gulf supply lines are close to becoming things of the past.”
Also Dan Denning in the Daily Reckoning recently said about US resources, “land contains enough recoverable oil and gas to make you forget about the Middle East for the rest of time.”
Another outlandish statement said that the US would instantly have the world's largest oil reserves. And “we'd never have to worry about Saudi Arabia again, or Hugo Chavez, or the mullahs in Tehran.” And “we might see oil tankers lined up waiting to export America's tremendous oil bounty to the rest of the world.”
Such unqualified reports are apparently more interested in bashing Opec, Saudi Arabia and other oil producers, in addition to propagating special interests. However, they are countered by more reasonable people and institutions whose reputation and responsibility to the public outweighs what might be popularly gained from over exaggerating resources.
As far as oil is concerned, shale oil at best will not be sufficient to make the US independent from imports. The Energy Information Administration (EIA), the research arm of the US Department of Energy, said in its Annual Energy Outlook 2013 early release that US oil import dependency fell from 60 per cent in 2005 to 45 per cent in 2011 and is forecast to reach 37 per cent in 2035. We have to remember that the sharp fall since 2005 is not entirely due to rising production but due to a sharp decline in demand in the aftermath of the financial and economic crises of 2008. The EIA clearly states that net oil imports were 8.82 million barrels a day (mbd) in 2012 and are likely to be 7.52 mbd in 2035.
As for shale oil reserves, there are no trillion barrels and a hundred years of sustained production and EIA in 2009 commissioned Intek Inc., a specialised consultants firm, to independently estimate reserves of shale plays. The result is 24 billion barrels only or as much as current oil reserves from US conventional oil. Updates of this report cite the same numbers.
In spite of thousands of oil wells drilled in shale plays, production has increased from few thousand barrels a day in 2005 to just about 1.5 mbd now. Further increases are expected such that production of shale and tight oil supply is estimated by BP to reach 6.5 mbd in the US and 9 mbd worldwide in 2030. As good as these numbers are, they are not sufficient to counter the decline from currently producing conventional oil fields in the world.
Even these numbers may be uncertain due to the recent history of shale oil production and the lack of sufficient accumulated experience. At the same time depletion rates in shale wells are very high and estimated for the Bakken shale wells to be 69 per cent in the first year and 94 per cent in the first five years. This is a huge logistical problem as so many oil wells have to be drilled to stabilise production with its negative impact on costs and environment.
At the same time the development and production of shale oil fields is increasingly under intense pressure from environmental groups as intensive hydraulic fracturing and deeper horizontal drilling is seen as a potential source of pollution for water resources in addition to its high water requirement and energy needs. This type of drilling is also dangerous in a seismically active region like California. Such concerns may succeed in delaying or slowing down anticipated developments.
To conclude, I find nothing better than to quote Chris Martenson of the oilprice.com where he said recently that “there has been a very strong and concerted public-relations effort to spin the recent shale energy plays of the US as complete game-changers for the world energy outlook. The world remains quite hopelessly addicted to petroleum, and the future will be shaped by scarcity — not abundance, as some have claimed.”
— The writer is former head of the Energy Studies Department at the Opec Secretariat in Vienna.
International Literary Awards in Fiction, Creative Nonfiction & Poetry
DEADLINES: 28 February 2019. Early Bird Discounted Rate for November 2018 submissions!
Awards:
$1000 in each category
$150 in each category for an Honorable Mention (judges' discretion)
Contest Fee:
EARLY SUBMISSION RATE: Submissions received between 1 November - 30 November 20178can submit under the early bird rate of $10.
REGULAR SUBMISSION RATE: Submissions received between 1 December 2018 - 28 February 2019 pay the regular contest fee of $15.
Judges:
Melissa Febos for Penelope Niven Award in Creative Nonfiction
Jennine Capó Crucet for Reynolds Price Award in Fiction
Marilyn Nelson for Rita Dove Award in Poetry
Statement of Ethics:
We give submissions to our readers & to our judges as anonymous submissions; we have no identifying material on the submissions.
If you have worked closely with the judge in the category in which you are submitting, do not submit work that the judge has seen of yours.
If a judge recognizes your work as that which they have knowledge of, we will ask the judge to inform us immediately & we will find an alternate judge.
General Guidelines:
*Competitions are open to anyone writing in English (including work translated to English), except current Salem Academy & College employees & students.
*All submissions must be previously unpublished.
*Fiction submissions are up to 5,000 words
*CNF submissions are up to 5,000 words
*Poetry submissions are 3 poems; we ask that each poem appears on a separate page & that no single poem is more than 100 lines
*Author's name and address must appear in the Submittable cover letter box only. If your name appears on your submission, it will be immediately disqualified. This is incredibly important in our CNF category: please carefully proofread your piece to ensure that your name does not appear in your submission.
*You will input your name, address, telephone, email, genre, word count (for prose), and the title(s) of the work(s), and contest fee in the "cover letter" box on Submittable.
*You may enter the contest as often as you'd like, in as many categories as you'd like. Each submission requires the contest fee, and should be submitted as a separate entry. In other words, do not send two or more entries in one envelope or as one document.
THE growing "Cartridgegate" scandal has spread to more than 10 State Government departments
The Opposition has demanded an inquiry into lucrative gifts given to public servants for buying print cartridges at vastly inflated prices.
The Sunday Mail has learnt:
GOVERNMENT officials believe organised national gangs that frequently change company names to avoid being caught in audits are systematically targeting low-level bureaucrats to offer lucrative incentives to buy over-priced, poorly made print cartridges;
THE issue came to light in SA thanks only to whistleblowers and a tip-off from WA's Independent Commission Against Corruption and the Victorian Ombudsman, who are investigating the issue in those states;
INVOICES checked by a parliamentary committee so far go back only two years, with concern the rort has been occurring for much longer;
CONCERN the incentive rort is not limited to cartridge sales, with procurement for other items, such as electrical equipment, likely to be investigated.
Invoices provided by whistleblowers to Parliament's budget and finance committee, headed by Opposition MLC Rob Lucas, show that public servants have received iPods, PlayStations, digital cameras, movie passes and Coles vouchers - some worth up to $200 - for buying cartridges at about double the normal price.
In one case, a cartridge available for $100 was bought for $699, with the buyer receiving hundreds of dollars in gifts.
Two cases have been referred to the police and the Crown Solicitor's Office. Several public servants have been suspended and others have taken leave as investigations continue.
Departments implicated so far include Premier and Cabinet, Health, Education, Transport and Further Education with about $500,000 of cartridge purchases being checked.
At least 11 public-health sites are implicated. Mr Lucas said he had details of more than 10 government departments involved but declined to name them yet.
"It is now clear this scandal is spiralling out of control, as every week more and more departments and staff are implicated," he said.
"The only way all these issues can be resolved is if there is a comprehensive independent inquiry by the Auditor-General. In theory, if public servants have succumbed to temptation for print cartridges, then equally they may have (succumbed) in other areas. The same principle would apply, in particular to the purchase of IT and audio-visual equipment."
Finance Minister Michael O'Brien said an investigation was under way.
"The chief executive of Department of Premier and Cabinet has asked all chief executives to investigate and report back with any irregularities," Mr O'Brien said.
"Anything arising from these inquiries will be given to the Crown Solicitor and the Government Investigations Unit. The fact these incidences are being exposed shows the system is working."
Mr Lucas has sought information under Freedom of Information but was told it would cost him $3.3 million to process the request from one department alone.
crouchb@sundaymail.com.au
Previous:Next:I apologize profusely for leading you to expect Nightmare to sit on Springtrap, then showing Springtrap disappointingly upright. How about this: YOU draw Nightmare sitting on Springtrap. Draw it any way you like, so long as you don't have to hide it behind a mature tag. Post a link in the comments section below, as arather than reply so I'll be sure to see it, and (as long as it isn't too rude for Springaling in terms of language and such) I'll add it to a little gallery here. For every five pictures in the gallery, I'll draw Nightmare pinning Springtrap down. One entry per user, entries due by April 27th!: 25 Sit-on-Springtrap pictures! I had no idea how many people would pitch in. That means I owe y'all five picutres. I'll post the first one as soon as I finish typing this entry.If you've posted one and it's not listed here, please link to it in a new comment (rather than a reply) to this page so I'll be sure to see it. The challenge is open one more day, and when I have all the pics in I'll make a proper gallery page for them to replace this dinky list.
A focus by police and prosecutors on solving serious crimes has crowded the dockets in the Hennepin County courthouse, where judges are coping with what's likely to be a record number of felony cases this year.
Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman says the trend reflects a shift in priorities away from petty thefts, loitering, minor drug offenses and similar charges.
"All of us in the criminal justice system have spent less time and energy on misdemeanors and more on felonies," Freeman said.
The jump in felony charges parallels an increase in the most serious crime reported in Minneapolis. In the first nine months of 2017, reports of homicide, rape, robbery, burglary, aggravated assault and other serious offenses rose 10 percent compared to the same period last year, according to Minneapolis Police Department (MPD) figures.
"They're definitely connected," Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek said.
Police departments are sending Freeman's office more cases to prosecute, though his charging rate — he prosecutes about 69 percent of them — has remained the same, according to data provided by his office.
The Hennepin County jail has “been over capacity going back weeks and weeks,” Sheriff Rich Stanek said. “We're 150 people over where we would normally be.”
As a result, felony charges in Hennepin County are up in all types of crimes, including a 63 percent jump in murder charges, and 15 percent increase in drug charges, according to data provided by the court information office.
At the current pace, the courts will see more than 7,100 felony cases by the end of the year, about 1,000 more than five years ago, according to county officials. By contrast, the courts have seen 60,000 fewer misdemeanor charges this year compared to five years ago, according to county data.
The MPD declined to comment on the rising crime reports in the city.
Jail overcrowded
The pace is stressing the court system, from the prosecutor's office to public defenders to the county jail.
"We've been over capacity going back weeks and weeks," Stanek said. "We're 150 people over where we would normally be."
The jail has often pulled out portable beds for inmates to sleep on the floors. The sheriff's office got a standing order from the chief judge of Hennepin County over Memorial Day and then over the X-Games weekend in mid-July to release anyone with bail set at $500 or less. Twenty-one inmates charged with lower-level crimes such as domestic assault, DWI and harassment were released due to the orders, according to the sheriff's office.
Without the ability to hire more workers, Stanek said he's been forced to pay overtime to staff the jail. Still, he said, some prisoners have missed court appearances because short-staffed deputies could not get them there in time.
Court staff stressed
For now there's only anecdotal evidence that the increase in felony charges has lengthened the time it takes for a case to be resolved, said Judge Toddrick Barnette, the former presiding criminal judge in Hennepin. But an increase of more than 500 cases this year, with an average of four court hearings per case, means 1,200 more court hearings for the year.
"We can't bring in more judges," Barnette said. "With any increase like this, you worry about people's well-being."
As caseloads for the county's public defenders go up, so too have the hours they are working, said Mary Moriarty, Hennepin's chief public defender.
Moriarty said that because of her inability to pay competitive wages, her team is among the youngest group of public defenders in the state. She assigns two of the most experienced public defenders to each murder case, in which clients are looking at years in prison.
"It's causing a huge strain on the staff," she said.
Imprisoned social justice activist Kenneth Bell is being targeted by the administration at Potosi Prison in Missouri. From a letter dated 10-24-15… “Until a couple of days ago I was the prison law clerk, “Jailhouse Lawyer”, but I was fired for filing grievances and for assisting others who are incapable of doing it themselves. . . . Please form a network of people who will call and confront officials about my firing. If I am to continue to help them here in PCC I need to be back in my position. . . . By firing me, prison officials hope to intimidate other prisoners and thereby discourage anyone who would be inclined to complain about conditions here, or who would try to help another prisoner do so.”
Many of you may remember the horrendous conditions that we described at Potosi last winter and the torture endured by prisoners who went on hunger strike after being retaliated against for complaining then.
I have attached a copy of his reprisal grievance as well as an article he mailed to me regarding solitary confinement in the United States. Please call now and start leaving messages for the administrators to ask that Kenneth Bell be restored to his position in the law library.
Click here for a “How-To” video for calling prisons
Here is a sample script…
Hello, I am calling to request that Kenneth Bell #179161 at Potosi Correctional Center in Missouri be reinstated to his position in the law center. Can you please look into the reason for his dismissal? It appears that he was fired from his position in retaliation for making complaints about the prison system.
Please call any or all of the following:
Potosi Warden Cindy Griffith (573) 438-6000
Inspector General Amy Roderick 573-526-6504
Constituent Services Cyndi Prudden 573-526-6506
Lisa Jones Constituent Services Officer 573-526-6530 Lisa.Jones@doc.mo.gov
Rep Brattin Corrections Committee, MO State Representatives 573-751-3783
Rep Paul Fitzwater Corrections Committee, MO State Representatives 573-751-2112
Rep Penny Hubbard Corrections Committee 573-751-2383
General Counsel Matt Brieacher 573-522-1614
Major White 573-683-4409
MO Senator Doug Liblu 573-751-4843
Rep Holly Rehder 573-751-5471
Jay Nixon Governor 573-751-2389
Rep Brandon Ellington 573-751-3129 Brandon.Ellington [at] house.mo.gov
TL;DR, at buildo we don't write http routes. You can do the same using https://github.com/buildo/wiro.
Kidding aside, we really stopped with routes a few months ago. With the term “routes” I refer to the code that maps http requests to your business logic. Scala, as well as any other language, provides different libraries for that: spray-routing, akka-http, finch and many others. As you might have guessed, we don't like writing routes so much. Here's how we ended up writing route-less http services.
What's wrong with routes?
Since the dawn of time, services at buildo were structured in three layers: routes, controllers and data. The routes were meant to decouple the business logic from the communication. This separation of concerns seemed to be a good idea, even though, in practice, it was never truly useful.
A year ago I started analyzing my sbt compilation logs. I aliased sbt to something like sbt "$1" |tee -a logfile and, a few months later, I had a look at the logs. Here you have my top 3 most common errors:
🥇 Not found
🥈 Type mismatch (the compiler is useful after all)
🥉 Too many arguments for method parameters: (pdm: spray.routing.directives.ParamDefMagnet)pdm.Out
If you ever used spray-routing I bet you're familiar with the third one. Spray-routing uses a cool and crazy DSL to write routes in Scala, based on the magnet pattern. Despite it being all nice and flexible, it's also extremely frustrating to debug. It was definitely not increasing my productivity.
Other than my personal issues, the real problem we had with routes was that they represented a large portion of our codebases. The larger the codebase, the more bugs you have to fix. You don't want to write and maintain unnecessary code.
On top of that, we also noticed that our routes had a one-to-one relationship with our controller methods. They weren't doing anything clever, we had no good reason to dedicate so much effort to them.
No more mr. nice route
We like interfaces. They're good for dependency injection and many other nice things. At the time, each of our controllers had an interface that looked like this:
trait CatsApi {
def findCutestCat(): Future[Either[Error, Cat]]
def doSomethingWithTheCat(catId: Int): Future[Either[Error, Unit]]
}
We started playing around with a bunch of libraries:
autowire, a set of macros for RPC applications
akka-http, the evolution of spray-routing
circe, an excellent json library
We decorated the interfaces to enrich them with some routing-related metadata:
@path("cat") //use `cat` as root path
trait CatsApi {
@query //translate this to a GET
def findCutestCat(): Future[Either[Error, Cat]]
@command //translate this to a POST
def doSomethingWithTheCat(catId: Int): Future[Either[Error, Unit]]
}
We twiddled with Scala macros to define a nice syntax to automatically generate akka-http routes from a decorated trait:
//CatsApiImpl is a class implementing CatsApi
val catsRouter = deriveRouter[CatsApi](new CatsApiImpl)
You just need to tell Scala the interface to use to expose the routes:
new HttpRPCServer(
config = Config("localhost", 8080),
routers = List(catsRouter)
)
And there you go! you have an up and running http service that exposes the following routes:
/GET /cat/findCutestCat
/POST /cat/doSomethingWithTheCat -d '{ "catId": 1 }'
🎉 we didn't have to write routes anymore.
We wrote a library, it's called Wiro. The core of the library is about 500 lines of code. Most of the work is done by autowire and akka-http. If you want to try it you can find a tutorial here.
Errors Handling
Wiro is not our first attempt to generalize how we write HTTP routes. One of the major pitfalls of the first attempt was errors handling. Our errors looked like this:
abstract sealed trait WebError
object WebError {
case class InvalidParam(param: Symbol, value: String) extends WebError
case class InvalidOperation(desc: String) extends WebError
case object InvalidCredentials extends WebError
case class Forbidden(desc: String) extends WebError
case object NotFound extends WebError
}
This code was written in a library, and the library was shared among different projects.
One day we decided we wanted specific error types and… 💥. Sticking with a single error type throughout a project is a good practice. However, different applications have different needs: it's hard to generalize errors across different domains.
In Wiro we decided to go with a different approach: we're using type classes.
trait ToHttpResponse[T] {
def response(t: T): HttpResponse
}
Whatever has an implicit evidence for ToHttpResponse is a proper Wiro error. Something like the following would work:
implicit def error = new ToHttpResponse[Error] {
def response(error: Error) = HttpResponse(
status = StatusCodes.InternalServerError,
entity = "Very Sad"
)
}
Scala is yours IDL
Diving into the web searching for similar libraries, we found out this approach has something to do with RPC. In this context, RPC doesn't mean you're running a procedure in a different address space. It doesn't even imply any sort of location transparency.
The term RPC refers here to an approach to write web services: you can think of it as an alternative to REST. The main difference with REST is that you work with operations rather than resources. This is sometimes called WYGOPIAO: What You GET Or POST Is An Operation.
You write:
POST /cat/doSomethingWithTheCat
instead of:
POST /cat -d '{action: doSomethingWithTheCat}'
In our case, the operations are the methods defined in the interfaces of our controllers. At buildo we use those interfaces to:
Automatically generate an http service (server-side) Automatically generate the http client and extract the model type definitions used by our web frontends in JavaScript/TypeScript
The first task is exactly what you saw above: Wiro all the way. The second task is done using metarpheus. In case you never heard about it, you might want to read this blog post.
In our applications, Scala traits and models behave as the IDL (Interface Definition Language) for the communication with the web.
No Free Lunch
I can't tell you whether you should use something like Wiro or not. There's no such thing as a free lunch.
If your APIs are designed to serve different clients, web and mobile for instance, our approach might lack in flexibility. That's when you really need to decouple your communication layer from your business logic. In that case, you might want to go with REST. Or try something like GraphQL.
Otherwise, if your APIs are tightly coupled with your client, there's no need wasting time writing routes.
We are using Wiro in most of our projects, and it's working out pretty well. Here you have our top 3 good things we noticed since we stopped writing routes:
🥇 We reduced our backend codebases (one of the three layers is gone)
🥈 It's easier for front-end developers to put hands on the backend
🥉 The names of the routes are more predictable
Finally, I don't have to deal with Spray's magnet-pattern-based DSL anymore.
—
If you want to work in a place where we care about the quality of our development workflow, take a look at https://buildo.io/careers
The Miami Marlins' plan to erect a statue of deceased pitcher Jose Fernandez has been met with opposition. Advocates have asked the team to reconsider the tribute after more details emerged regarding the boating accident that killed Fernandez and two other men, according to NBC Miami.
Since the accident, a toxicology report revealed Fernandez had both cocaine and alcohol in his system on the night of the crash. An investigation concluded that Fernandez was driving at the time of the accident, making him responsible for the deaths of both Emilio Jesus Macias and Eduardo Rivero, the two other men on the boat.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The Marlins plan to erect a statue of Jose Fernandez at their park. (AP)
The father of one of those men reached out to Marlins president David Samson calling the nine-foot statue the team plans to erect as a tribute to Fernandez “troubling.” Sally Matson, a member of Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD), also expressed concern about the statue, according to NBC Miami.
“I just think we have to be very careful about hinting and memorializing a person who would've been charged with two counts of manslaughter had he survived. We can't condone the drinking and drugged driving,” said Matson.
Despite those pleas, Samson says the team will proceed with the statue as planned.
“People make mistakes, mistakes have consequences but it doesn't change what Jose meant to the Marlins, what he meant to Miami, what he meant to the Comm. The fact is he will always be a Marlin that doesn't change. When you love somebody you love them when things are good and when things are bad,” Samson said.
The Marlins are wearing No. 16 patches on their uniforms this season as a tribute to Fernandez.
More MLB coverage from Yahoo Sports:
– – – – – – –
Story continues
Chris Cwik is a writer for Big League Stew on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at christophercwik@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @Chris_Cwik
Guinness is working on a plan to become 'the biggest beer brand in the world' through social and digital channels in the hope that it can be become a brand that people want to try rather than one they just respect.
The Diageo-owned stout last week appointed R/GA as its digital agency of record to help increase activity in the social and digital space to realise its growth ambitions globally as it wakes up to the fact that high spends TV campaigns aren't enough to propel the brand to the top.
The appointment of R/GA comes as Diageo aims to make Guinness ‘the most popular beer in the world', The Drum understands, with the agency's remit spanning a campaign platform, content and communications. It will particularly focus on online talkability, social reach and mentions.
“Guinness needs to broaden its appeal to a younger (and more female) audience" and social is the obvious place, both in terms of presence, and in terms of telling "Made of More" stories," said David Parry, chief operating officer at Saffron.
"Guinness re-focusing in social is not news. But I do wonder about the move towards more "emotionally authentic" narratives. Guinness is Guinness. It's a wonderful brand that transcends class and culture. It's invested over the years in being a brand of creative possibility, and it seems to me that there's room enough in their old positioning to reach diverse audiences. One thing that will always remain true: younger audiences can smell bullshit a mile off. Unless the story is right, it doesn't matter what channel you're telling it in.”
It's a big ambition and one that will see Guinness need to shift its mindset away from the anthemic TV spots it has become well known for. While the brand has experimented in the social space – it was the first brand to launch a 60-second ad on Instagram in the UK last year – it's reach and engagement falls flat compared to its competitors.
According to the Burst Insight's Engagement Score (which factors in post frequency and combines all public profile engagement metrics weighted against the top brand per metric type across Instagram, Twitter and Vine) Guinness has the 8th highest engagement level of all the beer global and country accounts it tracks. There are only five Guinness Twitter country accounts, compared to 34 Heineken, 13 Carlsberg and seven Budweiser, meaning to achieve its ambition of becoming the biggest beer brand in the world, Guinness needs to think locally on a global scale.
Working in Guinness' favour, however, are it's strong quality credentials and recovering sales, which were up 2% in Europe supported by a strong performance of its craft Hop House 13 lager. According to Mintel, of the 1,940 people it surveyed in its Beer Brand report, almost everyone is aware of the brand (92%), and it boasts a very strong image. It is the only brand among those researched deemed to have a good reputation by the majority of people aware of the brand (56%). It is also the most commonly seen as offering consistently high quality (47%) and as trusted (36%).
On the flip side, stout is not to everyone's taste, less than half (45%) of adults have ever drunk Guinness, and it its usage is heavily geared towards men. 62% of men have ever drunk Guinness compared to 28% of women. Overall usage is at its lowest among 18-24s at 35%, likely linked to this group being least likely to see it as accessible.
When it comes to positioning, Guinness has long been synonymous with rugby, a strategy Simon Bibby, head of research and co-founder at Burst Insights said needs rethinking to appeal to a wider audience.
“Guinness has been synonymous with rugby culture for a long time. It has served them well but will not get them to the status of the coolest beer brand. Guinness and their creative agencies must tap into a wider remit of relevant lifestyle associations in the same way Red Bull have used a variety of extreme sports and adventure pursuits to become the quintessentially cool beverage brand,” he said.
Supercar has finalised plans to race under lights at Sydney Motorsport Park next August.
The confirmation follows a lighting test held ahead of the Sydney SuperSprint this year and will mark the first Supercars night race on Australian soil since 1997.
Dubbed the Red Rooster Sydney SuperNight 300, the August 4 event will feature a single 300km race run in a three-hour window from 7-10pm.
“We've made no secret we wanted to stage a night race next year and I am delighted to say it is now a reality that we will hold this race under lights in Sydney,” said Supercars CEO James Warburton.
Sydney Motorsport Park CEO, Glenn Matthews, praised Supercars' determination to make a night race at the venue a reality.
The Supercars event will run with temporary lighting as the circuit continues to lobby the New South Wales State Government for funding to erect permanent lights.
“Sydney Motorsport Park is already open 360 days of the year, and the introduction of circuit lighting and extended operating hours would introduce a whole new level of access for all motorsport and automotive enthusiasts, from after-work racing and spectating, endurance racing, driver and rider safety programs, corporate hospitality, job creation, education, exhibitions, and much more,” said Matthews.
“The Red Rooster Sydney SuperNight 300 is the first exciting step towards making this as a reality.
“Sydney Motorsport Park is one of the busiest sites in Western Sydney, hosting more than 600 events with more than 330,000 visitors coming through our gates annually.
“We want to make Sydney Motorsport Park the premier destination for the industry in Australia – not just for motor racing and motorsport, but for automotive technology, innovation, education, tourism and community engagement.
“We are committed to working with our partners, promoters, and the NSW Government in realising this vision.”
Confirmation of the night race follows today's announcement that August will also feature The Bend Motorsport Park in South Australia hosting a Supercars event for the first time.
The full 2018 Virgin Australia Supercars Championship calendar will be released tomorrow.
By Larry Elder - August 8, 2013
How's the left-wing, ivory-tower, we-know-best elitist Obamanomics working for you? Here's the news.
First-quarter gross domestic product numbers for 2013 were recently revised -- downward from 1.8 percent to 1.1 percent. For perspective, four years into the recovery from the last deep recession in '81-'82, the economy grew at 4.1 percent.
What about the declining "labor force participation rate"?
This counts the percentage of civilians 16 years and older working or actively looking for work. When President Barack Obama took office, the labor force participation rate was 65.7. Today it is 63.4, up 0.1 from April's 34-year low. Frustrated, many able-bodied and able-minded would-be workers have simply given up looking for jobs.
The number of people receiving federally subsidized food assistance today exceeds the number of full-time, private-sector working Americans. The number of Americans receiving foods stamps (now called SNAP) has reached 47.5 million, increasing an average of 13 percent a year from 2008 to 2012. Almost 9 million disabled American workers currently collect federal Social Security benefits -- double the number of disabled in the late '90s -- many admitting that they could work, but choose not to look.
Just to break even -- to keep pace with new entrants into the market -- the economy must produce 150,000 jobs per month. To date, Obama's four years of recovery have produced 4,657,000 jobs -- an average of 97,020 per month. At this juncture in the '80s, following the last big recession, the economy had produced 11.2 million new jobs, or 233,333 per month.
Even left-wing media outlets like ABC and The Washington Post cannot pretend that this is normal. About the advance estimate of the most recent quarter's dismal 1.7 percent growth, a Post business writer said: "It isn't even mediocre. It's terrible. It's a sign of the diminished economic expectations ... that it's anything to crow about at all. ABC called this latest report "disappointing." Of course, neither ABC nor The Washington Post attributed the disappointing results to anything President Obama has done.
But President Ronald Reagan took an entirely different course than has Obama. Reagan dramatically lowered taxes, reduced the speed of domestic spending and continued deregulation policies of Jimmy Carter. The economy took off, and three years into recovery, had produced an 8.9 percent increase in civilian employment -- almost 9 million jobs, with a post-recovery GDP that averaged over 5 percent.
The Reagan recovery was no aberration. Spending and tax cuts between 1922 and 1929 gave us the so-called "roaring '20s," when unemployment fell from 6.7 percent to 3.2 percent, and real gross national product grew at an annual average rate of 4.7 percent. Similarly, when President George W. Bush lowered taxes, the economy took off, and the unemployment rate went down to a low of 4.4 in 2006.
Democrats brag about the robust Clinton economy. But President Bill Clinton inherited an economy in its 22nd month of recovery. And Democrat historians ignore the economy-damaging measures that Clinton attempted -- most notably HillaryCare -- but could not pull off because Republicans stopped him.
Seventy-four percent of small-business owners say they plan to reduce hours, put off hiring or fire people to minimize the impact of ObamaCare. ObamaCare kicks in at 50 employees and applies to full-time workers.
So employers keep the number of workers under 50 and-or reduce hours to less than full-time (30 hours or more), and they get around ObamaCare. What this does to the economy and job creation is another story.
In 2009, Obama's economic team outlined the path of the economy "if we do nothing" versus the path of the economy with Obama's plans for stimulus and ObamaCare. Team Obama predicted an unemployment rate, at this point in the recovery, of 5 percent -- with his "stimulus." If Obama did nothing, they predicted, unemployment would reach 5 percent by the beginning of 2014. Today unemployment is at 7.4 percent, artificially low considering the number of people who have given up.
What will it take for them to say they were wrong? How many more Americans must remain unemployed or underemployed before the left stops blaming G.W. Bush, the GOP-led House or global warming?
Historically, the deeper the recession, the higher the bounce back. Since World War II, this recovery has been by far the weakest. The question is why.
Our history shows that burdening the productive through higher taxes, especially during sluggishness, hurts the economy. Imposing billions of dollars in new federal regulations, as this administration has done, hurts the economy. Placing nearly one-seventh of the nation's economy -- via ObamaCare -- under the control of the federal government hurts the economy.
This is an arrogant administration led by a man distrustful of the private sector and devoid of experience in it. Obama is cheered and emboldened by a compliant media that would "report" relentlessly on the "jobless recovery of President X" were these the economic numbers of a Republican president. Stacked with power-assuming administrative "czars," the Obama administration fancies itself enlightened and noble, in complete possession of the wisdom needed to know from whom to take and to whom to give.
Therefore, to paraphrase former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, "What difference do these bad numbers make?"
Actor Amitabh Bachchan refused to comment on the political call to ban Pakistan actors in the wake of the Uri terror attacks. Addressing the media on his 74th birthday, Bachchan said, “This is not the time and I don't think it is right to put forward these questions. Who said what, where and how… this is not the time.”
Advertising
Standing by the army in these troubled times, Bachchan echoed the sentiments of Akshay Kumar and said, ” The nation is incensed we all know that. People of this country are very angry by the incidents that have been happening at the border. I think it is the time to show solidarity to our jawans and our armed forces who are sacrificing their lives so that you and me can be safe here. That is what needs to be put in question. Nothing else.”
WATCH VIDEO: Anurag Kashyap Targets PM Narendra Modi Regarding ADHM Ban And Gets Slammed
Responding to another question about how fair is to ban an artist, Bachchan said, “I respect every artiste.”
Advertising
Read: As Amitabh Bachchan turns 74, here's how he has kept up with the changing times
He was also asked if he would indeed by paying a musical homage to Uri attack martyrs. “Someone praised the Hanuman Chalisa I had recently sung and said I should pay homage to Uri martyrs. I said I would like to do it but would need to have some inputs. But it was reported that it is indeed happening,” he added.
When asked about his comment on Twitter after surgical strikes, Amitabh said, “That is a line from my film, Major Saab.”
Bollywood as a whole still remains divided on the issue of Pakistani actors. While few have opined that actors from across the border should issue strong statements condemning terrorist attacks, others have vociferously protested against the ban. Radhika Apte recently expressed that banning Pakistani actors is not the solution. “Pakistani actors should also be allowed to come here and do films in India. I don't think they should be banned,” the actress opined.
Watch: Amitabh Bachchan speaks about terror on his 74th birthday
In reality, the majority of Bollywood continues to support Pakistani artists, throwing their weight behind them and demanding to know how slapping of a ban would stop terrorism. After Karan Johar, Salman Khan too spoke out in favour of Pakistani artistes delinking them from terrorism and terrorists. “They come here on valid visas given by our government. They are artistes not terrorists, ” said Khan
In September, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena had called for a ban on all Pakistani actors working in India and also said that they will not allow films to release which have Pakistani actors in them. Later, the Indian Motion Pictures Producers' Association (IMPPA) called for a blanket ban on artistes and technicians from Pakistan. However, IMPPA had said films with Pakistani actors which have been finished — Karan Johar's Ae Dil Hai Mushkil and Shah Rukh Khan's Raees – will be released.
Since the Uri terror attack of September 18 that killed 19 soldiers. Pakistani actors were slammed for not condemning the terror attacks. Ever since then, Fawad Khan and Mahira Khan had posted Facebook messages condemning terror.
Watch: Amitabh Bachchan talks about his role in Sarkar 3.
In his official Facebook post, Fawad wrote, “I've been in Lahore since July as my wife and I had been expecting our second child. I've received numerous requests from the media and from well wishers worldwide asking me for my thoughts on the sad incidents that took place in the past few weeks. As a father of two little children, I pray and wish like many others that together we can build and live in a more peaceful world. I believe we owe it to our children who will shape our tomorrow. This is the first time I have spoken on the matter. Please disregard any other words attributed to me during this time because I have not said them. I thank all my fans and fellow artists from Pakistan, India and people in general all over the world who have shown continued support for their belief in love and understanding uniting a divisive world.”
Advertising
On Monday, Mahira posted, “As a Pakistani and citizen of the world I strongly condemn any act of terror, any loss of human life no matter which soil it is on. I will not rejoice in bloodshed and war. I will always hope for and dream of a world where my child can live without it, and always plead with everyone to imagine a peaceful world. It has also been in this time my faith in saner minds and goodness has been restored, thank you for the messages, love and support.”
By
With 2015 rapidly slipping away, it's time to take stock of where we are in the never-ending fight to put just a little more justice into the American criminal justice system. This is a very crude accounting offered by just one person. I urge you to do the exercise for yourself. It's easier to keep our eyes on the prize when we are also clear-sighted about the hits and misses we experience in real time.
Since these year-enders usually highlight ten trends or ten stories, I'm serving up just ten highlights/lowlights for the year in criminal justice.
1. A potent new discourse about mass criminalization. The new clarity and new intensity are the gifts of the insurgent youth-led movement—a movement that has many nodes and networks but that is best known nationally as #BlackLivesMatter—against abusive policing and the lame prosecution of the abusers. This most welcome movement is exposing horrors that have been hiding in plain sight all these years: the almost total absence of transparency and accountability in regard to police practices, the buddy system between police and prosecutors that lets sworn peace officers who torture and murder Black and brown bodies get away with it 99% of the time.
2. The failure of the attempted pushback against #BlackLivesMatter. Also noteworthy this year is how the efforts by the likes of Bill Bratton and Rahm Emanuel to push back against the new discourse has misfired. Their line, of course, is that heavy urban law enforcement is all about protecting Blacks who are menaced by other Blacks. But the line runs right up against the reality that, insofar as places like West Baltimore and Chicago's South Side can be considered war zones, that situation is equally the hellish work of accumulated white power and toxic racism.
President Obama's moves to date have been somewhat hesitant and tepid; we hope he will use his last year in office to step it up significantly.
3. White House & Congressional attention to criminal justice.
It's now been five years since the publication of Michelle Alexander's pathbreaking New Jim Crow book. And the national stirring that has grown under the book's influence is now being felt in the capital's corridors of power. Unfortunately, the president's moves to date have been somewhat hesitant and tepid; we hope he will use his last year in office to step it up significantly. As for the much-heralded “left-right” coalition on CJ reforms, this observer remains skeptical. I thought it was telling that the Koch Brothers and their allies used a federal CJ reform package to push through a provision to insulate corporate criminals from prosecution.
4. The Pope's visit to a Pennsylvania prison. It's a big deal when the leader of the religion professed by a fifth of the world population does the Jesus-like thing of telling a group of incarcerated people that he takes hope fromthem and that he sees God in their faces.
5. California continuing to lead on reform. The legislative year in Sacramento gave CJ reformers yet more incremental gains. Unfortunately, the semi-secretive state agency that doles out the monies saved as the prisons shrink and as savings from Prop 47 begin to kick in—something called the Board of State and Community Corrections—really cannot be trusted to take community reinvestment seriously. Jail expansion and jail construction have been the BSCC's favored programs, which is against the spirit if not the letter of many legislative reforms.
6. Prop 47 focus. We're now through year one of Prop 47 with just two years remaining to change the records of tens of thousands of low-level offenders from felonies to misdemeanors—and to free those still in prison or jail who were convicted on one of the six offenses that is now a misdemeanor, thanks to 47. Here in LA County, we rejoice that our Board of Supervisors recently voted to make Prop 47 implementation a top priority—and put the necessary backing behind the new effort.
7. Supervisors find their mojo. The move on Prop 47 was only one of several significant and positive steps taken by the new progressive troika of county Board members: Sheila Kuehl, Mark Ridley-Thomas, and Hilda Solis. The supes also broadened the application of AB 109 funds and empowered and funded an important new Office of Diversion and Reentry Support. As always, of course, we reformers watch closely and continue to press for more. We will see how the new super-agency headed by Mitch Katz actually (a consolidated Health Dept.) performs. We will wait to see whether a new leader can shake up the county's hidebound and often ineffective Probation Dept. One area where the new Board remains far too timid is in its deferential attitude toward the Sheriff's Dept.
8. Jim McDonnell's disappointing performance. There's no other way to say it. McDonnell is showing himself to be a standard-issue top cop, protecting his turf and his troops while letting the opening for real reform at his scandal-plagued agency slip away. The Sheriff's unfounded shots against Prop 47 were an absolute disgrace.
9. Stalemate on civilian oversight. One area where McDonnell is certainly effective has been in blocking any truly independent civilian oversight of his vast and bloodstained Department. Here, again, the Supervisors yielded to McDonnell's wishes in approving a deeply-flawed Memorandum of Understanding regarding how information about questionable incidents will be obtained by the Office of the Inspector General, which is meant to be the investigative arm of the yet-to-be-created oversight commission. In effect, the commission has been effectively emasculated even before it is constituted. One word: putrid.
10. LAPD misses the point on body cams. Finally, while we are still on the subject of abusive policing, what about the good old LAPD? Unbelievably, they want LA taxpayers to spend a small fortune on body cams and the personnel required to review the video, but the end result of collecting all this material will be to protect officers from proper public scrutiny. In fact, the public won't have any access to the video unless the police chief authorizes it. Officers accused of misconduct will be allowed to view the video before submitting their own account of the incident, which in turn will enable them to avoid saying anything that could be contradicted by the video evidence.
Fortunately, this fight's not quite over. Justice Not Jails and many other groups are joining the ACLU in an effort to at least slow down the body cam juggernaut. It's our first order of .business for 2016.
Peter Laarman
Justice Not Jails
The situation in the city is getting worse and people need a SUPERHERO! You are going to have a lot of EPIC FUN fighting with other sticked men warriors: fly above the ground doing your KUNG FU collect different BONUSES: health packs, shields and other useful stuff.....to WIN! show your martial arts skills: use the techniques of sumo wrestling and kickboxing stop the crimes defeat all the enemies You have to: Control the ragdoll fighter! Strike your stickman opponents in the head or in the chest! Punch the stickman wrestler while rotating your ragdoll fighter to reach the vulnerable parts! Ragdoll Sticked Man Fighting FEATURES: AWESOME FIGHTING GAME total war chaos between the doodle assassins LOTS OF SETTINGS from streets to Japanese style ADVANCED FIGHTING SYSTEM use bonuses and do fatalities POWERFUL WEAPON AND UPGRADES smash all your fierce opponents!
After months of teasing , TabCo finally revealed itself to the world -- as suspected , the brand is, in fact a reboot of Fusion Garage, the company that gave the world the much maligned JooJoo tablet . Company head Chandra Rathakrishnan took to the stage to unveil the new product, explaining that the teaser campaign had been put in place to give its new Grid 10 tablet a fair shake. The tablet runs the new Grid operating system, itself based on the Android kernel. According to Rathakrishnan, the 10-inch tablet has the highest resolution of any on the market, at 1366 x 768. Also on-board is a 1.3 megapixel front-facing webcam, 16GB of storage, Bluetooth 2.1, and a microSD slot.The Grid 10 packs an Nvidia Tegra 2 chip and utilizes the newly announced Grid Shop, a Fusion Garage-specific app store, for which the company will be accepting applications in the near future -- though the operating system will support Android apps, as well. Among the departures from Google's operating system is the company's decision to support Bing -- the better of the two search engines, according to Rathakrishnan. The tablet will run $499 for the WiFi-only version and $599 for a WiFi / 3G model. It's up for pre-order now via Amazon and will begin shipping on September 15th.Fusion Garage also took the wraps off of the Grid 4, a handset that also runs the Grid OS. The four-inch phone has a Qualcomm dual-core processor, 16GB of memory, an 800 x 480 resolution, and a front facing 0.3 megapixel camera and a rear facing five megapixel camera with autofocus. The phone will run $399 unlocked. It will begin shipping in Q4, with carriers announced closer to that date.: We should also mention Fusion Garage stated that anyone who bought a JooJoo will receive a Grid 10 free of charge, with details forthcoming through email.
LG Electronics has sold 200,000 units of its flagship V20 smartphone in the US since launching there on October 28, the company has announced.
The figure is double what the V10, the V20's predecessor, sold in the same amount of time last year, the South Korean tech giant said.
The V20 phablet was launched in South Korea late September.
Sales of the V20 and Apple's iPhone 7 surged in its home country following the ending of competitor Samsung's Galaxy Note 7.
A LG spokesman said V20's multimedia features were especially popular with young Americans who like sharing videos on social media.
The phone has the latest Android OS, Nougat, and a removable battery. It also comes with a 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad digital to analog Converter (DAC), the first for a smartphone.
Its predecessor the V10 also came with a single DAC, making it ahead of rivals in terms of audio even then.
One of the questions I get all the time is people asking what vandwellers do with all their extra time. What they really want to know is “What will I do with myself once I have free time, won't I be bored silly?“
My standard answer is that there will be a subtle change in your heart and mind and your whole way of looking at the world will start to change. Right now, nearly all of us have what I call a “Time-Clock” or “Civilized” mind and it's the reason why you feel a constant pressure to be “doing” something. In fact without a job, chore or project, many of us are unhappy and ill at ease. Becoming a vandweller can be a drastic shock to your whole way of life and many people find themselves very uncomfortable in the beginning.
The good news is that for most of us it goes away with time and a renewed connection with nature. What's happening is you are transitioning out of a very toxic and unhealthy way of living and thinking and into a natural and healthy way of living. The discomfort is your mind resisting the mental toxins from leaving your body. After a lifetime of brainwashing it's adjusted to them and is rebelling at their loss.
Maybe you're thinking, “How can Bob know what's normal for us, this is the way people have always lived and the way they always will. Vandwellers are the weird ones!”
The truth is that if you study Anthropology and look at the long-term history of humans, the way we live now is totally unlike the way humans lived for 99.9% of their history—it's very unnatural. No child was ever born or grew up looking at their watch. Unfortunately, you and I we were born into a society that is obsessed with productivity and optimal use of our time and as children they pounded it into our heads. Our indoctrination as units of production starts early in childhood and has continued every day since.
For most human history children were allowed to be children living care-free and happy lives–but not anymore. When I was a kid we were allowed to be children for the first 6 years of our lives, then the brain-washing started, but for many of us, even those days are gone. Instead, parents are packing their preschooler's every moment of every day with activities designed to give children a head-start on their “productive” lives.
Once we enter school at five years old we fall under the spell and tyranny of the clock. Many of us became trained to stare at it waiting with bated breath for break time, lunch time, and best of all, going-home time. Then we get home and we have to negotiate with mom or dad about homework, chores and projects, hoping we'll get some time to watch TV or be on the computer or a video game. For the next 12 years at least, our formative years are used to mold our little brains into being worker bees; drones in the hive that work hard and fast.
Produce or be Punished is the American Way
Eventually we enter the workforce and our transformation from human being into a tool of production gets serious. We either work or we don't eat, if we aren't productive enough we're demoted or denied promotion–maybe we are simply fired.
Ultimately the clock dominates our mind and we stop seeing ourselves as people, we are simply units of production, our worth and our merit is determined by our slavish devotion to the almighty clock. No wonder you hear so many stories of people who retire and a few years later they've died. Without being productive, they have no value or importance to themselves or to anyone else. They lose their reason to live.
That's not how humans were born to live, it's totally abnormal and unnatural to every one of us. It's no wonder modern civilization is plagued by depression, addiction, obesity, suicide and stress-caused disease. We're people being forced to live as if we are ants or machines
How are we supposed to live?
For 99.99% of human history nearly all of us were Nomadic hunter-gatherers. We were extremely close and dependent on nature and because nature is so cyclical and constantly changing we were forced to ceaselessly be on the move to match it. Whether we wanted to or not most of us had to move regularly because of:
the seasons,
animal migration,
climate and geologic changes,
population growth,
inter-tribal conflicts
Humans faced evolutionary pressure just like all the other creatures on earth and over the millennia humans became more and more selected to be nomadic and adventurous. Those of us that could adapt to the constant and often severe changes were adaptable and could easy move when it was required. Those of us who fell in love with the movement and developed a sense of adventure not only survived but they even thrived and passed their Nomadic genes on to their children.
Evolution has selected humans to be Nomads; our environment and natural selection instilled into humans not just the need and ability to be on the move, but the love of movement and adventure. It became a satisfying and wonderful way of life that affected all our thinking and actions. We developed a Nomad Mind.
Then, 10,000 years ago, humans discovered agriculture and domestication of animals and we stopped moving and settled down to one place. Suddenly we started to live in the future, planning for crops and future plantings, “Do I have enough surplus to get us through the winter, if not, who can I get it from.” That had two disaserous results:
They stopped living in the moment and started living in the future. We became clock-watchers. That allowed constant fear and worry to infect and poison their hearts and minds. They started accumulating lots of stuff. Until then possessions had been a burden they didn't want and didn't care about, but now things became valuable treasures to fight, steal and die for.
The inevitable result was cities, states, nations and finally civilizations. People who wander around can't build cities, governments or economies so they needed to be made to conform and become “good productive citizens”. And so we have traditions, customs and schools that beat the sense of curiosity and adventure out of us and instead makes us drone-like ants in lock-step following the “American Dream”. Our old ways of thinking and feeling no longer worked so we slowly developed a whole new mindset and worldview called the Civilized Mind.
Farming meant we were no longer free to roam and travel, it meant we had to obey laws. As capitalism developed the laws of the marketplace became to dominate power over our lives and now it is our absolute LORD and MASTER. Society summed it up as being “Good productive members of society.” But it really meant we became:
wage slaves,
worker drones in a hive
cogs in a machine
rats in a maze
no longer human beings, simply units of production,
tools to be used
Whether we like it or not, or are even aware of it, you and I have a civilized mind, but written into the core of our being is a Nomads heart. It literally is written into our DNA and 10,000 years of civilization is a drop in a bucket compared to how long we were Nomads. That's what creates our conflict with a civilized life, it isn't normal and natural for us! Many of us are terribly dissatisfied with our mundane lives of drudgery because our Nomads heart is still very close to our surface.
If you go on the Road, be Prepared for Some Discomfort
The very fact that you are reading these musings of a crazy man who is urging you to get rid of all your stuff and move into car, van or RV is strong evidence that you are very close to your Nomad heart and mind. The reason you feel this strong urge to become a Nomad is because it's literally written into your DNA, it's your normal, natural human way of thinking!
Give in to it!
Perhaps you'd finally be happy if you gave into your normal, healthy instincts! I believe you will! However, it's important you be prepared for an unexpected initial reaction.
When we stop working and move into a car, van or RV everything about your life changes and you start living like a nomad again, but you still have your civilized mind that wants you to be PRODUCTIVE above all else. But nomads aren't productive, they are free and happy. Your civilized mind hates that!!!!!
Every moment of your life you were told it didn't matter if you were happy (being happy is only for when you are old) the only important thing is that you be productive. Suddenly you're happy but not productive and your mind rebels at that and demands that you DO SOMETHING!! Do anything!! because you are a tool, a machine and all your value comes from production. Happiness is totally irrelevant–production is all important. That's insane thinking taught to you by an insane society:
The civilized mind is insane
The nomad mind is sane
By moving into a vehicle, you've returned to your normal, natural mind and eventually you'll regain your sanity and the insanity of civilization will slowly drop away. But it can be very difficult and unpleasant to make the transition and you have to be willing to go through the chaos that will reign in your heart and mind while the poison of civilization is leaving you. The Civilized Mind is very toxic and by disobeying it and not producing but being happy instead, it will punish you and you will be miserable for a period of time.
There is nothing to do but go through it and let the toxic poison of the civilized mind out of your heart and mind. Then, for the first time, you'll find true peace and contentment as a Human Being.
Hang in there, it's going to be worth it!
I'm making Videos on my good friends James and Kyndal's YouTube Channel. See them here:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_W_E5SFCxwpSOaqMjOOBTg
Thanks for supporting this site by using these links to Amazon. I'll make a small percentage on your purchase and it won't cost you anything, even if you buy something different.
CLICK HERE TO SHOP AMAZON.COM
We don't normally comment on issues like this. But since the player has decided to take it public as well as attempt to drag others down in the mud and start a witch hunt I will state all we have to say on the matter.
These accounts were permanently banned because the player behind them has been incredibly abusive to players within our community, in one unfortunate case very explicit death threats were made against another user.
In addition, this player has repeatedly stolen other players accounts after getting their log-in information. The player makes reference to another user who was permanently banned on the forums, however he fails to mention that the victim was only permanently banned after he compromised her forum account and spammed pornographic and other foul threads in order to get her account banned.
Let's make it clear here. This isn't your run of the mill account sharing incident. At one point, the player prevented a successful account recovery by purposely posing as the victim in our support site. It's clear to us that these acts were intentional and malicious on this player's part and as such we believe he has no place within our community.
We will not be reversing our decision in this matter and will not be allowing him back into the League of Legends community in any form.
The Green Bay Packers will open training camp on July 30 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Here's a closer look at the Packers' camp, which wraps up on Sept. 2:
Top storyline: This will be the first year in coach Mike McCarthy's 10 seasons as head coach that he won't call the offensive plays. He passed on that job to Tom Clements after the NFC Championship Game collapse in Seattle. So it will be interesting to see whether McCarthy remains at quarterback Aaron Rodgers' side throughout practice as he has done in the past. Most likely, the change will allow McCarthy to roam around more during practice and spend more time with the defense and special teams as he did this offseason. The most important thing that happens this summer might not occur on Ray Nitschke Field. Yes, there are roster spots to be won in practice and in the preseason games but in the big picture, it's more important that this team overcomes the mental side of what happened against the Seahawks.
Position battles to watch: There's a starting cornerback job wide open thanks to Tramon Williams' departure in free agency. At this point, it looks like a three-man competition between veteran Casey Hayward and rookies Damarious Randall and Quinten Rollins. Hayward appeared to be the favorite to win the job when the offseason began, but he missed all of the OTA and minicamp practices because of a foot injury. Randall, the first-round pick, and Rollins, the second-rounder, both showed enough in the offseason practices to think they're serious contenders for the job.
2015 TRAINING CAMP PREVIEW NFC • EAST: DAL | NYG | PHI | WAS
• WEST: ARI | STL | SF | SEA
• NORTH: CHI | DET | GB | MIN
• SOUTH: ATL | CAR | NO | TB AFC • EAST: BUF | MIA | NE | NYJ
• WEST: DEN | KC | OAK | SD
• NORTH: BAL | CLE | CIN | PIT
• SOUTH: HOU | IND | JAC | TEN
Veterans to watch: If the Packers are going to play Clay Matthews at inside linebacker as much as they did late last season, then they're going to need someone -- whether it's Nick Perry, Mike Neal, Jayrone Elliott or Adrian Hubbard -- to make a bigger impact than they did last year. Elliott and Hubbard both got significant practice time this offseason because the oft-injured Perry and Neal were sidelined with -- what else? -- injuries this spring. Perry and Neal both need to overcome their availability issues and make bigger contributions this season.
Rookies to watch: In some ways, there's actually more pressure on fourth-round pick Jake Ryan than any other rookie to contribute early on. If the inside linebacker shows he can play right away, it would allow defensive coordinator Dom Capers to use Matthews more at his natural outside linebacker spot.
Bubble watch: If there's a veteran on the hot seat, it's punter Tim Masthay. He struggled late last season and for the first time since he won the job in 2010, the Packers have another punter on the roster. They signed Cody Mandell, who was with the Dallas Cowboys for part of the preseason last year.
Schedule change: In the early days of McCarthy's tenure as coach, his training camp schedule was filled with night practices. But he began to phase those out over the past few years and this year there isn't a single practice at night other than the Aug. 8 Family Night event at Lambeau Field. Most of the practices are either early morning (8:20 a.m.) or around noon.
For daily updates at camp, check out the Green Bay Packers clubhouse page.
For the entirety of the primaries, Trump was short on solutions, although heavy on vague, empty promises and slogans he ripped off from the 80s.
He had much ire for his Republican competitors for the nomination, but was oddly short on attacks against Democrats.
Now, here we are, three months away from the general election. Trump has vanquished every legitimate, qualified candidate for the nomination, and has shifted full speed ahead into his strategy for the main event –
Keep attacking Republicans and talk about why he will lose in November.
From the Wall Street Journal:
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Monday cast doubt on the legitimacy of the November general election, expanding on his long-running theme that the political process is stacked against him. “I'm afraid the election is going to be rigged, I have to be honest,” Mr. Trump told a rally in Columbus, Ohio.
What, exactly, does he think this will accomplish?
Will building a mountain of excuses in advance create a well of sympathy and get him the sympathy vote?
Will the constant barrage of non-issues distract from the fact that he has no working knowledge of the issues facing the presidency?
Mr. Trump's remarks follow his weekend calls to change the dates of the three general-election debates because two of them are scheduled at the same time as pro-football games. Mr. Trump said in a Saturday interview with ABC News that he'd received “a letter” from the National Football League taking issue with the debate timing. An NFL spokesman said the league sent no such letter.
Is lying just part of his sociopathic personality?
It's easier than studying and campaigning, I suppose.
The man is surrounded by a phalanx of surrogates, assistants and staffers. Where are those willing to tell him that either he gets a cogent, workable strategy in place, or he needs to step aside?
Whatever the tumult in his brain, it seems even he knows he's far out of his element, and in the fashion of a true narcissist, it will always be some unfair system, or someone with a vendetta against him that is to blame for his failure.
The fashion industry is a whirlwind business that has transcended the traditional two-season cycle to become a non-stop flood of news, streetstyle, collaborations, and personalities. If you're not sure you know what's happening a year from now, then you already need to catch up.
Like anything that thunders on at such a breakneck pace, there are sure to be issues that are glossed over or ignored. The prevailing wisdom is that things will take care of themselves. But beneath the veneer of beautiful clothing, there is an industry that combines business and creativity - two forces that are constantly at odds with each other.
Rarely are these tensions thoroughly discussed or given much thought even after they (sometimes fantastically) blow up. They're swept under the carpet, and the carnival continues to operate as usual.
There are plenty of things you can say about the fashion world, but rarely do we have the time to take a break and really talk about them. This feature is not to simply hate on aspects of the industry, but to give some thought to the uncomfortable truths that are easier, but not always best, left ignored. These are 10 Things Everyone Thinks About the Fashion Industry (But No One Will Say).
RELATED: The Best 1990s Fashion Trends
And not just businesses. Law Newz reports:
A new law in Oklahoma requires restaurants, hospitals, public schools, and other buildings to post signs with pro-life language in their restrooms. The law includes additional measures “for the purpose of achieving an abortion-free society.” Any business or other entity that is regulated by the State Department of Health will have to post the signs. The message on them is to say:
There are many public and private agencies willing and able to help you carry your child to term and assist you and your child after your child is born, whether you choose to keep your child or to place him or her for adoption. The State of Oklahoma strongly urges you to contact them if you are pregnant.
Causing perhaps more controversy than the message itself, is the fact that the businesses themselves will have to pay for it. State lawmakers didn't approve government funding for it, and business owners are estimated to have to spend a total of $2.3 million to put the law into effect. That's a lot of money to force business owners to spend, and not everyone is happy about it.
Ancient Asian cultures may have risen and fallen on the strength of monsoons
About 3900 years ago, one of the biggest cradles of Bronze Age civilization fell apart. For unknown reasons, people fled the Indus Valley in what is today Pakistan and northwestern India to establish smaller villages and farms farther to the east. Now, analyses of cave formations from the region bolster the notion that changes in the strength of that semiarid region's summer monsoon may have played a major role in this cultural upheaval, and others like it. Researchers looked at the ratios of two forms of oxygen atoms in the minerals deposited in layers in two stalagmites that had formed in a cave in the Himalayan foothills about 200 kilometers north of New Delhi. Combining new data with those garnered previously from another stalagmite from the same cave provides a continuous climate chronicle that stretches back more than 5700 years, the researchers report today in Science Advances . Notably, the rise and expansion of both the Indus Valley civilization (from about 5350 years to about 4600 years ago) and the Vedic civilization (from about 3450 years to about 3100 years ago) occurred during periods when climate was relatively warm, wet, and stable. On the other hand, these civilizations apparently started falling apart when climate cooled and the summer monsoons failed to deliver as much water. Also of major interest, the team notes, is that the sudden collapse of the nearby Guge kingdom of western Tibet (ruins shown) around 1620 C.E.—which had previously been ascribed to military conflicts—occurred near the end of the region's driest 3 decades in the past 5700 years.
An Indiana judge has rejected an argument by a man who asked that his marijuana possession charge be reduced from a felony to a misdemeanor because he follows the Rastafarian faith.
Jerome Scott that he was being charitable to others by cultivating marijuana to ease ailments from chronic back pain to cancer, the South Bend Tribune reports. St. Joseph Superior Court Judge Jane Woodward Miller said he still broke the law.
"I understand there are many people who agree with you that marijuana should be legal, but you're in the wrong state for that," she said. "What you knowingly and deliberately did in Indiana is break the law by not only cultivating it, but also distributing it."
Followers of the Rastafari faith, developed in Jamaica in the 1930s, believe cannabis is a holy herb, and smoking marijuana is considered a sacrament that brings peace, wisdom and a spiritual connection to nature.
Scott and his girlfriend, 23-year-old Melanie Schmidt, see the state's marijuana laws as unjust.
Scott said was not a drug dealer, but that he distributed the cannabis strictly for medical and religious purposes.
"Cultivating my own cannabis is my way of not contributing to the black market and drug dealing tactics," he said.
In March, Scott pleaded guilty to a felony count of possession of marijuana. In exchange, prosecutors dropped a felony charge of maintaining a common nuisance. Schmidt pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor marijuana charge.
Woodward Miller ordered Scott to serve 18 months on probation and sentenced Schmidt to 12 months on probation.
Scott, who has a license in Michigan to grow marijuana for other approved patients as a "caregiver," said his felony conviction will ruin his chances of having his license renewed. If he loses the license, Scott said, he will also lose the right to practice the cultivation of cannabis, which he views as a calling and key aspect of his faith.
"All of his hard work, all of his studying, his whole life, they're telling him he can't do that," Schmidt said.
Screenshot: Facebook
Yesterday, on Indigenous People's Day, a group of 27 protesters was arrested at a Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) site in North Dakota. One of these people was actress Shailene Woodley, who is known for her role in Divergent, as well as for being a general celebrity.
Protesters and the Standing Rock Sioux tribe have been peacefully opposing the pipeline over land and water risks, as well as its disturbance of sacred sites. Last month, a federal judge overturned the tribe's request for an injunction to halt the crude oil pipeline's construction.
More than 3 million viewers watched Woodley's Facebook livestreams of the gathering near St. Anthony, one of the pipeline's construction sites. "The just grabbed me by the jacket and said I'm not going anywhere," Woodley said, handing her phone off to a friend to speak with riot police. Her arrest was among Facebook's top trending news items today.
Less than a month ago, 22 different protesters were also handcuffed and removed from a DAPL site. But instead of recording their experience through Facebook Live, they broadcast it using Livestream. When the group, called Unicorn Riot, tried to post the video to their page, it was quickly deleted by Facebook, raising questions over potential censorship.
At the time, I reached out to Facebook who insisted the deletion was in error; a bug related to their spam filter. But in light of the company's other egregious take-downs, such as the removal of Philando Castile's shooting, or the photo of Kim Phúc fleeing a napalm attack, it was worth investigating how Facebook's algorithms might be flawed.
If its filters are built by humans, and humans are inherently biased, how can we trust Facebook to deliver an unbiased representation of the news? We can't.
Read more: Dakota Pipeline Protesters Claim Facebook Censored Video of Mass Arrest
All of this provides a good look at how Facebook strong-arms people into its digital ecosystem. The company told me that Unicorn Riot's video was likely flagged due to the nature of its link. Such a backward approach to news—one that's based on a story's origin, rather than the virtue of its content—has undoubtedly warped the perception of the site's 1.65 billion users. Millions of people now believe that Facebook is the internet.
The more that citizens rely on social media to document offenses like police brutality, or the silencing of peaceful protesters, it's necessary that Facebook loosen its role as gatekeeper of the internet. Until it can exercise fair judgment as "the world's most powerful editor," we should continue to question the level of bias that goes into its making of the news.
"Why am I being arrested and no one else is who was down there, is my question," Woodley said while on camera. "Is it because I'm famous? Is it because people know who I am?"
"You were identified," replied a police officer.
i cant stop cryin. finally, someone on mainstream media speaking words of truth. thank you Shailene WoodleyAugust 26, 2016
A spokesperson for the Morton County Sheriff's Department told The Hollywood Reporter that Woodley was arrested for criminal trespassing and engaging in a riot, which could land the actress in jail for 30 days with a $1,500 fine.
"Alright, I'm being arrested. Because I was trespassing like everyone else. She was down there… Everyone was down there," Woodley added while being handcuffed.
"It's because I'm well known. It's because I have 40,000 people watching."
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Venezuelan counterpart, Nicolas Maduro, were set to discuss solutions for stabilizing the price of oil in meetings to take place in China Wednesday and Thursday, a Kremlin aide told Reuters Monday. Both nations are significant producers of oil, and Yury Ushakov said the discussions of "possible mutual steps" were part of Russia's continuing cooperation with the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
Oil prices have been dropping steadily for months and sank to a six-year low Aug. 24. As the Chinese stock market tumbled and fears of diminishing Chinese demand caused global sell-offs and market dips around the world, the price of crude oil plunged to less than $45 per barrel.
"Today's continuing pressure on prices, brought about by higher crude production, coupled with market speculation, remains a cause for concern for OPEC and its members -- indeed for all stakeholders in the industry," OPEC said in its most recent bulletin. Economists and oil producers alike have criticized the organization's hands-off approach to the price drop, calling on authorities to institute a production cap to prevent prices from falling further.
Venezuela is one of the five founding nations of OPEC and is the only founding nation outside of the Middle East. Russia has been a major producer of oil though not a member of OPEC, and its production average of 10 million barrels per day has prompted a keen interest in Moscow in stabilizing oil prices.
Maduro has additional ties to the fate of the Chinese economy as he borrowed $5 billion from the nation in April to stimulate Venezuela's recession-stricken economy.
“Venezuela is genuinely concerned that if no action is taken prices are going to drop further,” an OPEC delegate told the Wall Street Journal Thursday. “They also understand that OPEC alone cannot help much and there is a need for cooperation with producers outside OPEC, mainly Russia.”
Gaming's gigantic week of releases has arrived! Starcraft 2: Legacy of the Void, Rise of the Tomb Raider, and a little game with a heart of gold called Fallout 4 are now for sale and The Game Informer Show is here to cover it all. We'll dive deeper into the new Starcraft expansion next week when we've had more time to play, but we're ready to share all of our thoughts on Fallout 4 and Rise of the Tomb Raider. On this week's show, Tim Turi bows out after the first couple of minutes so that he can rest his voice after our intense Extra Life marathon but Ben Hanson is joined by Jeff Cork, Andrew Reiner, and Kimberley Wallace. We also touch on the rise of biographical games like the online dating-fueled Cibele and The Beginner's Guide.
After a spirited round of listener emails, we're joined by the CEO of Obsidian Entertainment Feargus Urquhart to talk about his amazing career in the industry. We cover the origins of the Fallout series and the reasons behind Fallout 4's bugs, the secrets behind some of their unreleased games, and what went right and wrong during the production of South Park: The Stick of Truth.
Watch episode 273 below or subscribe and listen to the audio on iTunes. Also, be sure to send your emails to podcast@gameinformer.com for a chance to have them answered on the show and win a prize by becoming Email of the Week!
To jump to a particular point in the discussion, check out the timestamps below...
7:40 - Fallout 4
28:35 - Rise of the Tomb Raider
41:45 - Cibele's relationship drama
51:30 - Tales from the Borderlands
54:30 - Listener emails sent to podcast@gameinformer.com
1:21:13 - Obsidian Entertainment's CEO Feargus Urquhart Interview
Qwikster is the new Netflix ... just not on Twitter.
Netflix changed the name of its DVD mailing service to “Qwikster” over the weekend, only to find out after the fact that the correlating Twitter handle is already registered to a foul-mouthed pothead.
The individual using the account is listed as Jason Castillo, and the account sports a doctored icon of Elmo from Sesame Street smoking what appears to be marijuana.
And even more worryingly for the PR department at Netflix, the majority of the tweets (which have gone on for months) are laced with sexual innuendo and references to drug use. In one recent gem too foul to reprint here, Castillo ponders whether or not to "blaze."
It's probable that further tweets of hot girls, sports, and showing up late for school don't fall in line with Qwikster's brand campaign.
More On This... Netflix CEO Apologizes, Renames DVD Division Qwikster
The oversight may prove a misstep for Netflix, which is highly active on the social media front -- maintaining a relatively robust Facebook page and an active Twitter account -- as it tries to build a new brand from the ground up.
Acquiring the name will also be a challenge -- if it's even possible, Business Insider reports.
“While Netflix secured the Qwikster domain, there is no record of a trademark filing for "Qwikster,” writes Alyson Shontell. “Unfortunately for Netflix, unless you own a trademark, you can't force a current tweeter to give up his or her handle. Twitter also doesn't let users buy handles from others.”
It doesn't help that the new name, Qwikster, is inherently confusing. As Technologizer points out, there are already a plethora of brands with similarly sounding yet weirdly spelled names: Quixtar, QuickStar, Kiwkster, Quickster, Kiwk Star, and Kickstar to name a few.
Surely not the kind of buzz Netflix is looking for after admitting the company's “arrogance” in how it handled the service's recent hike in pricing.
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings announced early Monday that the company was splitting its two services in two, keeping the streaming service as Netflix and calling its mail order plan the aforementioned ”Qwikster.”
Philadelphia, PA • June 29, 2013—More than 3,400 homebrewers and beer enthusiasts gathered at the 35th Annual National Homebrewers Conference presented by the American Homebrewers Association (AHA) this weekend at the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown, where they attended seminars, bonded over brews and had their beers judged in the world's largest beer competition.
The last time a woman was named Homebrewer of the Year at the AHA National Homebrew Competition, Ronald Reagan was president, Toto won a Grammy and M.A.S.H. aired its final episode. Flash forward to 2013, and Annie Johnson earned the Homebrewer of the Year award with her Lite American Lager.
Tavish and Laura Sullivan won the Cidermaker of the Year award with their Common Cider, and Mark Tanner won the Meadmaker of the Year award with his Strawberry, Rhubarb and Blackberry Mead. Local homebrewer David Barber won the Ninkasi Award as the winningest brewer in the competition. He won gold medals in the Strong Ale and German Wheat and Rye Beer categories.
“Homebrewing is growing fast and attracting a more diverse following,” said Gary Glass, director, American Homebrewers Association. “I'm pleased see a woman win the Homebrewer of the Year Award, and it's impressive that she did so in a lager category. Lagers are difficult to brew well, which shows how homebrewers are more technically proficient than ever before.”
The National Homebrew Competition recognizes the most outstanding homemade beer, mead and cider produced by homebrewers worldwide. This year, there were 7,756 entries from 2,187 homebrewers located in 49 states and the District of Columbia, U.S. Military APO, Puerto Rico, three Canadian Provinces and Belgium, entered in the first round of the competition.
The first round took place at 11 regional sites in the United States, with each sending on the top three entries from 28 style categories to the final round of competition at the National Homebrewers Conference, where 894 entries were evaluated by some of the top beer judges in the country. Over its 35-year history, the National Homebrew Competition has evaluated 103,075 brews. The first competition, held in 1979 in Boulder, Colo., judged 34 beers.
A complete list of winners of the 2013 National Homebrew Competition can be found on HomebrewersAssociation.org.
In addition to the competition, the conference provided attendees the opportunity to enhance their brewing skills through seminars such as “Yeast Culturing 101,” “Practical Malting” and “Alternative Wood Aging Techniques,” while increasing their homebrew knowledge through sessions such as “Beers of our Founding Fathers” and “Biochemistry and the Mash.”
Conference-goers also enjoyed a series of events where they sampled each other's brews and commercial craft beers. The Homebrew Expo & Social Club, Pro-Brewers Night and Club Night were opportunities for participants to try craft beers and meads from homebrew clubs and breweries across the country, while making new brew-savvy friends.
Tickets for the 2013 National Homebrewers Conference went on sale Feb. 5 and sold out within 20 hours. Next year's event heads to Grand Rapids, Mich., June 12-14.
Contact: Abby Berman, on behalf of the American Homebrewers Association (646) 695-7044
###
About the American Homebrewers Association:
The American Homebrewers Association has worked on behalf of the homebrewing community since 1978 and celebrates a membership of more than 37,000 homebrewers. The American Homebrewers Association (AHA) organizes events including the National Homebrewers Conference and National Homebrew Competition. The AHA also publishes Zymurgy magazine. The AHA is part of the Brewers Association, whose Brewers Publications division is the largest publisher of contemporary and relevant brewing literature for today's craft brewers and homebrewers. Beer lovers and anyone interested in making their own homemade beer are invited to learn more at HomebrewersAssociation.org. Follow the AHA on Twitter, and join us on Facebook.
The Brewers Association is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, age, disability, political beliefs, sexual orientation, or marital/familial status. The BA complies with provisions of Executive Order 11246 and the rules, regulations, and relevant orders of the Secretary of Labor.
TvTracker is an app for Windows 10 which allows you to keep track of all your favorite TV shows. Using the app you are able to see when the next episode airs, what's coming up next, how many episodes you are yet to watch for each series as well as a list of every episode for each show. For those of you that have got a Trakt account you will be able to connect it to the TvTracker app to help you get through initial setup quicker, rather than searching for your shows one by one. Once you have connected your Trakt account you have the ability to sync your Trakt watchlist with episodes in TvTracker. The first page you will see when launching the app is the next upcoming episode from your list of tracked shows. To the right of that is a list of all your shows, with a quick view of when the next episode is airing for that show. Clicking on one of your shows allows you to retrieve more information about the show, such as the episodes in each season, and information about each individual season. Upgrade to TvTracker PRO: Pro users can get extra features for the app that regular users don't for a small fee, upgrading can be done from inside the app and grants you the following: - All adverts are removed! - Ability to pin specific shows as start screen live tiles - Set your lockscreen to the next upcoming episode image - Change the fan art for a show to one of your choosing - Change the poster for a show to one of your choosing - Set your lockscreen to any fan art image that you choose - Outlook integration allowing you to add upcoming episodes to your device's calendar
Scott Arfield admits he is contemplating making himself available to the Canadian national team.
The midfielder has yet to earn a Scotland call, despite being one of the Clarets' most consistent performers since arriving at Turf Moor in the summer of 2013.
And with a Toronto-born father opening up the opportunity to represent two countries, Arfield insists he is ready to follow-up Canada's interest.
In today's edition of the matchday magazine, Turf, he said: “I'm still open-minded about the whole thing.
“At the stage I'm at in my career, it would be a great life experience to go and represent Canada.
“Once you've played club football for so long, you want to see where it takes you and I've been in contact with Canada so it's something I might do.
“I've also been speaking to David Edgar and he's been banging the drum about what a good set up they've got there.
“Football takes you to so many places in your short career and you would argue there is a kid inside me that would run about in a Scotland jersey and still wants to play for them but I'm 27 now and I'm thinking the next step is international football.
“Going back home at international breaks and seeing people I grew up with on the council estate, that's all they ever bang on about is how playing for Scotland would be the pinnacle.
“I think international football is exactly that, it's the top level, and as you go on you see things in different ways and I perhaps don't have as stronger feeling as I once did about playing for Scotland.
“There's no ill-feeling towards Scotland or anything like that but I'm probably leaning towards Canada.”
The full interview with Scott can be read in the Brighton and Hove Albion edition of Turf, available from matchday, priced at 3pm.
Submitted on Mon, 02/02/2015 - 12:17pm
From Trade Onion
London's busy Leicester Square was the scene on Saturday, January 17th, for a picket organised by the IWW London general membership branch with the support of the Angry Language Brigade. The Leicester Square School of English (LSSE) was closed down over the Christmas period leaving workers out of work and out of pocket.
Workers decided to occupy the workplace in the hope of getting the money that they're owed in unpaid wages, holiday pay and redundancy. Whilst they were there a group of students arrived expecting to be taught English only to find that the school had closed. The bosses had taken their money and not told them they were closing the school down. The workers have helpfully provided information for any students that turn up in future.
Whereas Leicester Square normally throngs to the sound of tourists and movie goers, simply enjoying one of the world's major cities, on Saturday the noise came from a lively IWW picket singing Solidarity Forever, chanting and making speeches. Many passers-by stopped to get information and understand the struggle of the workers involved.
The sacked workers still actually have access to the building and so I was invited to take a look inside the old workplace. It was an eerie experience. I was struck by the cold and damp feel in the air. I tried to imagine the empty waiting room full of students or people just enquiring information on courses. That would have been the scene just a few weeks ago.
Staff notices hung on the wall advertising the emergency number that's now out of use. Naturally the workers tried ringing it to see if they would get paid.
There was also a policy document on harrassment and how to deal with issues in the workplace. This is ironic considering that the owner, Craig Tallents, has since gone to ground and refuses to answer emails. The Twitter feed of another of his business interests, Asparagus Consulting, has since been taken down but before it disappeared the workers observed a tweet declaring: “How to keep your employees happy? Treat them as a person with a mind and body and something to offer.” Tallents should take his own advice.
In the main office there was evidence of panic in the final moments of this business. Office equipment lay strewn across desks and on the floor.
The telephone handles had been cut from the receivers.
Several computers had been gutted and an invoice from a shredding company dated for mid December was found. A note from the manager requesting that the cleaner cut all the phone cords was also found. I got the sense that management were not just taking the things they wanted; they were also hiding things that they didn't want others to see.
The weekly schedules are a poignant reminder of the work that went on here. People arrive in London from all over the world for fun or work and English lessons are a vital service for them. There are many schools like this former one in central London offering people a chance to get on in a city where English can be a vital lifeline.
We found a scribbled note from the cleaner simply asking the bosses to ring him to confirm that he will be paid what he is owed. We haven't been able to contact him but if he wants to join the fight to get what has been stolen by the bosses he should contact the IWW in London as soon as possible.
This was clearly a business in trouble for some time. I have seen two other documents that have not been presented here relating to the finances of the company. The first is a summons to appear at Westminster Magistrates Court over non-payment of rates. That summons requests an immediate payment of £12,575 and calls on the individual concerned to appear at the court on 10th December 2014. The second is a bill for renting the workplace and that amounts to a due balance of £147,625.82. From this we can deduce that this business was failing for some time and that Craig Tallents was not keeping his staff, his customers or his suppliers fully informed of the situation. However, as explained above, Tallents also has other business interests and it is reasonable to expect him to pay the sacked workers what he owes them in resolving this mess.
The picket was a success in terms of turn out and raising awareness of the actions of Craig Tallents. However, there is still much to do to get the monies that are owed safely to the workers. Further action is being planned and will be communicated shortly.
Foto: Hina, Facebook
JAVNOST je zgrožena transkriptom audio snimke koje je objavio Index, a u kojoj Bandić verbalno napada Mirjanu Hrgu. Do odvratnog i ljigavog napada došlo je preksinoć nakon gostovanja zagrebačkog gradonačelnika u emisiji RTL Danas. Bandiću se, očito, nisu svidjela pitanja koja mu je Hrga postavljala, a što ga je iznerviralo već tijekom emisije. No, nakon emisije je potpuno izgubio kompas i izvrijeđao Mirjanu Hrgu.
> OBJAVLJUJEMO CIJELI TRANSKRIPT Bandić napao Hrgu: "Nisi nikad rodila, nemoj mi o vrtićima govorit"
"Jesi ti ikad rodila? Nisi. Onda nemoj o tome govorit", bezobrazno, nepristojno i gnjusno govorio je Bandić Hrgi.
Naravno, javnost je zgrozi Bandićev istup, no na Facebook stranici njegove stranke nema ni traga eventualnoj isprici.
Dapače, Bandić je odlučio narugati se sa Zoranom Milanovićem kojeg naziva Zoky Banana. U prilično neduhovitoj montaži Milanović je prikazan kao plesač s bananama oko pasa i grudnjakom. Oko njega plešu četiri muškarca. Ispod piše banana koalicija.
"Kada bi mene pitali kako bih nazvao čovjeka koji je mene podario umjetničkim imenom Jimmy Fontana, ja bih njega nazvao Zoki Banana jer kakvu je Hrvatsku ostavio nakon četiri godine vlade - on zavrjeđuje ime Zoki Banana!", stoji u opisu slike.
Goldman Sachs says pay and profit in 2009 up sharply
Goldman had a good year compared to 2008 US bank Goldman Sachs has said its net profits rose sharply in the fourth quarter, beating expectations. The company made $4.95bn (£3.06bn) between September and December, compared with a loss of $2.12bn in the same period in 2008. Goldman said it will pay $16.19bn in compensation and benefits for the whole year, up 48% from 2008. But its compensation as a percentage of net revenues was 35.8%, the lowest since it went public in 1999. For the whole of 2009, the bank had net profits of $13.39bn, up from $2.32bn in the previous year. Shares in Goldman initially rose when trading began in New York but then fell back, and were down 0.4% to $167.10. US President Barack Obama is due to outline new measures to clamp down on financial risk in a speech later on Thursday. Compensation increases "Despite significant economic headwinds, we are seeing signs of growth and remain focused on supporting that growth," said Goldman chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said. The BBC's business editor Robert Peston said that the compensation came to about $500,000 per head at the bank. The bank said its annual net revenues - $45.17bn, up from $22.2bn in 2008 - was down 2% from its record year in 2007 but it said its total compensation had fallen at a much faster rate. It is paying staff 20%, or $4bn, less than it paid that year. The issue of banker compensation has become a source of public anger on both sides of the Atlantic, with bankers awarding themselves large pay-outs after accepting large government bail-outs. Most US banks have paid back their government loans now, and have raised their compensation levels. Goldman's bonus is in line with large pay packets awarded to bankers at its US rivals. Rival banks In the past week, JPMorgan Chase said it would award $27bn in compensation for the last year, up 18% from 2008. In the autumn of 2008, all big banks were just hours from meltdown; and here is Goldman, a year later, generating a fraction less than its all-time record 2007 revenues. It's a funny old world
Robert Peston, BBC business editor
Read Robert's blog Morgan Stanley's compensation will rise 31% to $14.4bn. Citigroup - which reported a loss in 2009 and a significant minority of its shares held by the US taxpayer - plans to pay its bankers $25bn, down 20% from the previous year. Bank of America did not give a compensation figure, but it is included in its non-interest expenses. That figure almost doubled to $11.7bn in the past year. Goldman said in December that its 30 top executives would not receive any cash bonuses in 2009. Their bonuses will be in the form of restricted shares, which cannot be sold for five years. This is aimed at discouraging excessive risk-taking in the wake of the global financial crisis. Goldman has borne the brunt of criticism over banker pay, raising its bonus pool while accepting a $10bn US government bail-out. It has since repaid the government loan. Mr Obama has vowed to "recover every single dime" from banks. He has outlined a new levy aiming to recover $117bn from financial institutions, and criticised banks for "massive profits and obscene bonuses".
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CLOSE Gun owners with a state permit can now carry a concealed firearm inside all Gilbert public buildings, reversing a previous policy that made such deadly weapons illegal.
Gun owners with a state permit can now carry a concealed firearm inside all Gilbert public buildings. (Photo: Getty Images) Story Highlights The Gilbert Council voted to allow permit holders carry concealed firearms in public buildings
Firearms had previously been illegal in all Gilbert public buildings
The ordinance was viewed as a "compromise" by council members, who were divided on the subject in 2013
Update: Gun owners with a state permit are still prohibited from carrying firearms in "secure areas" of public buildings, including employee-only areas, police and fire department facilities, and the Gilbert Municipal Court and Prosecutor's Office.
Gun owners with a state permit can now carry a concealed firearm inside all Gilbert public buildings, reversing a previous policy that made such deadly weapons illegal.
But those without a concealed-carry weapon permit can be asked by a police officer to place their firearms in a gun locker, according to an ordinance approved last week by the Gilbert Council.
The town council updated the code so it reflects a 2006 state law, which requires public establishments to offer gun lockers in places where individuals without permits are banned from carrying their weapons. Firearms had previously been banned in all public buildings, but the code did not specify for them to placed in a locker.
Town staff had proposed an ordinance that would keep firearms illegal, but it was amended by Councilman Victor Petersen to make an exception for concealed-carry permit holders.
"In my view the current proposal that staff has provided is a violation of Second Amendment rights," Petersen said during the Dec. 18 meeting. "It maintains the same bad honor system, gun free zone policy of the past."
Petersen added another amendment making it so only police officers can ask those carrying a firearm to put it in a gun locker. The original proposal would have allowed town staff to ask as well.
Vice Mayor Eddie Cook, who has been more apprehensive about allowing guns in public buildings, called it a "good compromise," saying that a permit holder "is probably the type of person that would be honest and law-abiding."
"That individual who gets a permit has been given some training that's been sanctioned, they are fingerprinted and also have a criminal background check," Cook said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Before voting for the ordinance, Mayor John Lewis voiced concerns among town staff about allowing firearms in public buildings.
"Some said they would be fearful and it would cause a tremendous amount of stress for them if someone walked in with a weapon," Lewis said.
Council members first discussed updating the town's weapon policy in June 2013, but were unable to find a compromise.
Petersen and Councilman Jared Taylor wanted to make guns legal in all public buildings, but could not garner enough support from the rest of council.
In August 2013, the council voted to keep firearms illegal, but it was reversed when Cook had a change of heart the following month, and no further action was taken.
Although he voted for the most recent ordinance last week, Cook wants town staff to look further into the policies of neighboring cities.
Last week's measure was approved 6-1, with Councilman Ben Cooper voting in dissent. Cooper, whose term ends in January, did not seek reelection.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/16JxdaN
3 March 2005 | Libretio
5 | Grisly update takes few prisoners
HOUSE ON HAUNTED HILL
Aspect ratio: 1.85:1
Sound formats: Dolby Digital / DTS / SDDS
Six strangers are invited to a 'haunted house' party at a former asylum - the scene of a massacre many years earlier, when inmates rebelled against the psychotic chief surgeon (Jeffrey Combs) - and the guests are assailed by restless spirits with a murderous agenda...
This remake of William Castle's 1959 shocker was the first title in a projected series by Dark Castle Entertainment, a genre outfit established by the creative personnel behind HBO's "Tales from the Crypt" (Robert Zemeckis, Joel Silver and Gilbert Adler) as a platform for the 'revision' of Castle's entire oeuvre. Working from Robb White's original story, screenwriter Dick Beebe and director William Malone - previously responsible for such unassuming B-movies as SCARED TO DEATH (1980) and CREATURE (1985) - remain faithful to Castle's original whilst goosing the material with newfangled effects technology and levels of gore which Castle had been denied during his lifetime. Production designer David F. Klassen has also updated the eponymous house, a clifftop monstrosity whose plunging Art deco exterior masks the Gothic ruin within, haunted by monstrous spirits who 'come alive' and terrorize a cast of defiantly modern characters, including Geoffrey Rush as a cynical fairground entrepeneur (clearly modelled after Vincent Price), and Famke Janssen as his beautiful, bitchy, duplicitous wife.
The film's uneven tone (veering between horror and humor and back again) is likely to divide viewers from the outset, but the horror scenes are played with remarkable gravity, and attentive viewers will spot visual references to the likes of GHOST STORY (1981) and JACOB'S LADDER (1990), particularly a 'guest appearance' by one of the most hair-raising phantoms from that former title. Some of the original film's charm has been lost along the way, replaced by profanity and splatter (though not as much as some outraged critics would have you believe), and there's nothing in the remake which compares to the blood-freezing shock induced by Carol Ohmart's encounter with a blind, white-haired ghost in Castle's version, but Malone's update deserves a mark for trying. Also starring Bridgette Wilson, Peter Gallagher, Ali Larter and the ultra-beautiful Taye Diggs, alongside comedian Chris Kattan, here playing it impressively straight in a role originally essayed by Elisha Cook Jr.
Now, you know that I'm no stranger to luxury lingerie– my love of beautiful lingerie far outstrips my budget on far too many occasions. But 24-carat gold lingerie? That is something I have never seen before and I just had to see what this new ultra-luxe lingerie from Rococo Dessous was all about.
What's special about Rococo Dessous is that they use a patented process to apply the gold to thread that is then embroidered or woven into fabric of their pieces. This means that even though the lingerie is made with gold, it acts like regular fabric.
These photos are from the Rococo Dessous presentation where I could see the pieces in person. The designs were surprisingly understated for a line focused on using such an over-the-top and expensive material. The line includes bra and panty sets as well as loungewear, with a cream and gold line for bridal and a black and gold for all other occasions.
Although the basic pieces only include the gold lace, they can also be customized to include precious stones and other accessories if you think that your knickers lack that little bit of oomph that comes with having jewels dripping off of them. This is not a problem I personally have had, but Rococo Dessous definitely caters to the customer who wouldn't be satisfied with what us mere mortals have to make do with.
Because they are so new, they have no stockists and I can't give you an exact price for any of these items– but I can say that they are sure to be immensely expensive! I am looking forward to seeing whether gold lingerie takes off and if there is a real demand for Rococo Dessous. In the meantime we can also enjoy some pretty pictures :).
Would you ever want to try gold lingerie?
What is Tea Cuvée?
Tea Cuvée is a premium cold brewed tea that is made with real loose leaf tea and contains no artificial sweeteners. It is blended with white tea, jasmine, fresh mints, and apricot to create a balanced, gentle, refreshing flavor. Once you taste it you will immediately know that it is like no other.
"Cuvée de prestige" - refers to a proprietary blended wine that is considered to be the top of a producer's range. Until 1936, wine houses produced different wine of varying quality, and a top-of-the-range wine produced to the highest standards was a new idea. Tea Cuvée carries this honor and promises to always use the finest ingredients to keep its quality and class.
With your support here at Kickstarter, Tea Cuvée will be in your hands 6 months after the fundraising goal is reached. We will also be able to create additional flavors to offer even more choices for you.
By
A new and important study of religion in America has, among other things, a good deal to say about members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Recently published under the title American Grace: How Religion Divides and Unites Us, the sociological study was conducted by scholars Robert D. Putnam and David E. Campbell and yields valuable insight to the nature and social effects of American religion. Drawing from in-depth new surveys, the study's authors affirm that in many respects, religion in America exerts a healthy influence upon American society — one that typically promotes generosity, trust, neighborliness, and civic engagement. And while Mormons are a relatively small component of American society, the study data reveals that they play a conspicuous part in American religious life.
Among the study's findings related to Latter-day Saints are the following:
Mormons are among the most devout religious groups in the country.
The American Grace study assessed a composite measure of “religiosity” that measured individuals' levels of religious observance, the strength of their religious convictions about God and their faith, and the degree to which they feel their religion is personally important. As a group, Mormons registered a high level of “religiosity” (American Grace, 23-24).
The American Grace study assessed a composite measure of “religiosity” that measured individuals' levels of religious observance, the strength of their religious convictions about God and their faith, and the degree to which they feel their religion is personally important. As a group, Mormons registered a high level of “religiosity” (American Grace, 23-24). Mormons are among those most likely to keep their childhood faith as adults.
In an age of American religion where people often depart from the religion of their upbringing and where switching between religions is becoming more common, the study indicates that individuals raised as Latter-day Saints are among those most likely to keep their faith (137-138).
In an age of American religion where people often depart from the religion of their upbringing and where switching between religions is becoming more common, the study indicates that individuals raised as Latter-day Saints are among those most likely to keep their faith (137-138). Mormons are unusually giving.
Among the study's larger conclusions is the fact that, in general, religion in America contributes to civic virtue, altruism, and good neighborliness. Study data, meanwhile, indicate that collectively Mormons are among the most charitable of Americans with their means and time, both in religious and nonreligious causes (452).
Among the study's larger conclusions is the fact that, in general, religion in America contributes to civic virtue, altruism, and good neighborliness. Study data, meanwhile, indicate that collectively Mormons are among the most charitable of Americans with their means and time, both in religious and nonreligious causes (452). Mormons are relatively friendly to other religious groups.
The study also reports that Mormons are among those most friendly toward those of other faiths. Relatively speaking, the United States has not been the scene of deep religious conflicts; it is and has been a place of remarkable religious tolerance and pluralism. Nevertheless, the study's authors point out that Americans are divided by religion, and hence, American society is susceptible to religious discord. Indeed, American religious (and nonreligious) groups have various feelings about one another. While data suggest that Mormons are among those viewed least positively by many American religious groups, they themselves hold relatively positive views toward members of other faiths, including those outside of Christianity (505-508).
The study also reports that Mormons are among those most friendly toward those of other faiths. Relatively speaking, the United States has not been the scene of deep religious conflicts; it is and has been a place of remarkable religious tolerance and pluralism. Nevertheless, the study's authors point out that Americans are divided by religion, and hence, American society is susceptible to religious discord. Indeed, American religious (and nonreligious) groups have various feelings about one another. While data suggest that Mormons are among those viewed least positively by many American religious groups, they themselves hold relatively positive views toward members of other faiths, including those outside of Christianity (505-508). Mormons are among the most likely to believe that one true religion exists, but also that those outside their faith can attain salvation or reach “heaven.”
The scholars behind the study conclude that while many American religions make claims to being exclusively “true,” few religionists in the United States actually believe that “one true religion” exists. Of all American faiths, Mormons are most likely to affirm that there is a “true” faith (546). However, in what might seem a paradox to those unfamiliar with Mormonism, study data also indicate that while many Mormons believe that there is a “true” religion, Mormons are also the most convinced of any group that those outside their faith — including non-Christians — can “go to heaven” or gain salvation (535-537). While this belief is general among American believers, it is, according to the study, strongest among Latter-day Saints.
By Robert D. Putnam and David E. Campbell, American Grace: How Religion Divides and Unites Us (New York: Simon and Schuster, 2010).
Advertisement — LDS Readers
Readers of this story also find the following stories interesting:
This Easter Morning, Remember
What ‘NOAH' Movie Gets Wrong, and Right
Christians: Marked For Extinction?
Harry Reid: Worst Human On Earth
British Court Dismisses Case Against LDS Church President
The Tree of Liberty is Dying—Is Civil War Coming?
Is Obama Targeting LDS Canneries?
Advertisers
Let Scottsdale Multimedia write your book. The nation's premier ghostwriters.>>
Watch the video about the book Enoch in the City of Adam–1 min.
Hol Chan Marine Reserve, working through the Belize Fisheries Department, was awarded one of six grants given out by the Protected Areas Conservation Trust (PACT). The grant award ceremony took place on Monday October 7th at the Belize City House of Culture, where the Ambergris Caye based Hol Chan Marine Reserve was awarded $199,500. A total of $736,769 in new project grants was given to six different groups in the country.
Speaking at the ceremony, Lisel Alamilla, Minister of Forestry, Fisheries and Sustainable Development said that the PACT grants is one of the tools that the Government of Belize (GOB) utilizes to ensure that funds reach their partners. It is extremely vital to ensure that the government contributes to the management of Belizes protected areas and PACT is the mechanism that we use for the distribution of government funds, really to the NGOs (non-profit government organizations) that partner with us, in sustainably managing our natural resources and engaging the stakeholders such as the fisher folks. Today is an important day because it marks the first time that the Protected Areas Conservation Trust has seen it important to make an extraordinary call for proposals. And so today, we are here to sign this; in seventeen years, this is the first time were doing that. I think they heeded my call that what we want to do is to make sure that the monies get to the people on the ground who are making the work happen. And so today, we will be signing agreements to the sum of seven hundred and thirty-six thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine dollars quite a significant amount you would agree, said the Minister.
According to PACT, the Belize Fisheries Department project under Hol Chan Marine Reserve focuses on expanding enforcement capacity and environmental monitoring activities as well as the inclusion of new zones into education and research programs in the reserve. The project aims to conserve a representative sample of the Belize coastal zone through responsible and sustainable management actions that will enhance the biological and socio-economic integrity of the area.
At hand to receive the grant on behalf of Hol Chan Marine Reserve was Miguel Alamilla, the Reserve Manager. Our project titled Hol Chan Marine Reserve management zone expansion is something we have been working on for some time now. As you may recall, we held consultations for the expansion of Hol Chan to include Mexico Rocks, the wetland areas near Mata and Cayo Frances Lagoons and the shoal on the leeward side of Ambergris Caye. Combined, these three areas have an area of 370 square kilometers so our management zone will expand to over 400 square kilometers when added to the existing Hol Chan Marine Reserve. The grant will certainly help us during the first year of implementing the management expansion, said Miguel Alamilla.
The three areas [Mexico Rocks, Cayo Frances Conservation Area and the Shoal] were proposed and agreed upon as a single expansion to Hol Chan Marine Reserve during various consultations with stakeholders and community members. Those consultations took place during the past two years and the proposed legislation is currently sitting at the Attorney Generals Office awaiting final review before it is taken to Cabinet and then Parliament for approval.
Small grants were given to Sarteneja Alliance for Conservation of Development and the Sarteneja Fishermen Association. Two research grants were issued for the development of a monitoring plan; the first to Alex Anderson for the Queen Conch at Turneffe Atoll Marine Reserve and Wilber Martinez for the Ecology of Conservation of the Bairds Tapir in Central Belize. The biggest grant was issued to the Association of Protected Areas Management Organization (APAMO) to the tune of $384, 071.00 for the strengthening of institutional capacities for effective protected areas management.
San Pedro Sun
Buy Photo Rev. Ron Johnson, executive director of the Indiana Pastors Alliance, and his wife Marion. (Photo: Charlie Nye/The Star)Buy Photo
This is one of two stories exploring the opposing views on a proposed constitutional ban on gay marriage. Here's the other side of the story.
When the Rev. Ron Johnson Jr. was still a teen, his parents began opening their home on Sundays to people in the community who were having marital problems, people who were separated or divorced, and even singles giving thought to taking the plunge for the first time.
His father, the younger Johnson recalls, would ask a woman how her week went and she might turn and scowl at her husband and say it was rough because he has anger issues. The elder Johnson would ask the man about his temper and maybe even get a public confession. Then he'd turn to the other men in the group and ask if anyone else was wired with a short fuse. Inevitably, hands would go up. The discussion would go on from there.
"It was Jerry Springer on Holy Spirit steroids," Johnson said.
The signs of success were immediate. What started with a few couples exploded quickly to 80 people streaming into the family home for Sunday marriage counseling sessions that might go on for hours. Thirty years later, the Sunday sessions continue, but at the Living Stones Church in Crown Point, where the younger Johnson is now the pastor.
Marriage — the traditional, heterosexual, lifelong, covenant-with-God kind — is serious business for Johnson. Not just because he has been married for 29 years and has eight children, but because he leads an alliance of pastors pushing for a constitutional amendment that would indelibly define marriage in Indiana as between one man and one woman.
Johnson and others pushing hardest for the amendment are concerned that the time-honored institution is in trouble from those who want to change its definition into something much more abstract. Failure to pass the amendment means an activist judge could strike down Indiana's existing marriage law, they fear.
Here is the Rev. Ron Johnson making the case for traditional marriage.
CLOSE A leader in the push to pass the marriage amendment, the Rev. Ron Johnson makes the case for traditional marriage. (Robert King/The Star)
Opening Pandora's box?
If same-sex marriages were to become legal, they say, the same arguments used in the current debate could be applied to new forms of marriage and sexuality. Already,there are organizations that exist to promotepolygamy — not necessarily in Indiana, but nationally — and some see that as the next domino to fall.
"There's an old African proverb I came across that says, 'Don't move a fence until you know why it was put there.' We're getting ready to move some fences here," Johnson said.
"We are literally opening a Pandora's box of perversion in this country," he said, "and there will be no stopping where this thing goes."
Gay rights groups and others who oppose the marriage amendment make their case in terms of freedom and equality. They cast it as a matter of civil rights, with immediate implications for the couples who want the right to wed.
But the groups who want to preserve traditional marriage — those seeking passage of marriage amendment that would essentially ban gay marriages — say this issue is much bigger than individual desires. They say it goes to the underpinnings of human society.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"In my opinion," says Johnson, "what we're tinkering with here is the entire cornerstone and building block of Western civilization, which is no small matter."
Johnson isn't alone in his view that preserving traditional marriage is crucial to the health of civil society.
"I don't think there's any logical stopping point once you go beyond the time-tested boundaries of one man and one woman," said Micah Clark, executive director of the American Family Association of Indiana.
If two men are allowed to marry, Clark asks, then why not three? Why not four?
"Wherever you draw the line, that's the next boundary that people will go after," Clark said. "There are people out there who are very open in saying that we shouldn't have marriage or family at all."
Same-sex marriage is a more radical altering of the family structure, said Curt Smith, president of the Indiana Family Institute, than China's policy of limiting families to one child, which created an imbalance of men to women. Same-sex marriages will mean lower birthrates and fewer children raised by both of their natural parents. The result, he says, will be problems that mirror those of broken homes.
Traditional marriage between one man and one woman, Smith said, is elemental to healthy families, and one of the building blocks of a strong nation. It is an ideal, he says, held up since the Code of Hammurabi and the ancient Greeks, one "recognized across all times and centuries."
What the definition of marriage would become, if the current one is expanded, isn't clear to Johnson. During testimony Monday before the House Judiciary Committee, he said it could lead to "sexual anarchy," a characterization that drew several scoffs.
"When a river has no boundaries, it is actually what we call a swamp," Johnson said. "And there are all kinds of nasty critters and scary critters that are roaming around swamps."
Faith-based beliefs
Fundamental to concerns about the direction of the family, for many supporters of the amendment, is a faith-based belief that marriage was created by God, that it was intended to be between one man and one woman, that it is an ideal reinforced by human anatomy and that the presence of both masculine and feminine role models in a home is vital to the healthy development of children.
"We have to have that true masculine and that true feminine in harmony, and that can only really be played out when a man and a woman are in that marriage relationship," said Greg Wallace, executive director of Hope & New Life Ministries, which advises churches on how to minister to people with same-sex attractions.
Wallace said he lived what he described as a gay "lifestyle" for eight years before deciding to renew his commitment to his Christian faith. After doing so, he came to believe God's perfect design for marriage was one between a man and a woman. For the past 26 years, he's been married to a woman he says he has grown closer to over time.
Wallace acknowledges the church has done poorly in its outreach to the gay community, and he is less certain than others about the implications for society if same-sex marriage comes to pass. But he is convinced that the vast majority of gay people are not interested in the right to marry. They just want to be left alone. Pushing for marriage rights, he said, are a vocal minority of activists.
Like Johnson and others, Wallace shares a concern frequently voiced by traditionalists — that allowing same-sex marriage could have repercussions with regard to free speech. Churches and other congregations with long-held beliefs about the sinfulness of gay behavior eventually could face lawsuits, they fear, even hate-crime charges, if they stick to the doctrine they've been teaching for centuries.
"I think the religious liberties become front and center if you have same-sex marriage, not in an alarmist way, but it is just a logical progression," said Smith, of the Indiana Family Institute.
Others warn that public schools will begin teaching children that same-sex marriage is acceptable, even if that contradicts the religious beliefs of their parents. There are concerns that everyone from wedding photographers to cake makers and wedding venues would face discrimination lawsuits if business owners — based on their religious beliefs — refused to accommodate same-sex couples.
"I don't think these are far-fetched," Smith said. "I don't think they are alarmist either."
To be certain, the faith community in Indiana — and the nation — is far from monolithic in its views of the marriage amendment and same-sex marriage in general. Some denominations now allow gay clergy or offer blessings of same-sex unions. About 300 Hoosier faith leaders signed a letter opposing the amendment. Some surveys show that even among evangelical Christians — where support for the marriage amendment is strongest — there is a softening of views towards same-sex marriage among younger believers.
Scriptural law
But, clearly, the core of the opposition to same-sex marriage — and the motor propelling the push for defining marriage in the state constitution — is an argument based on traditional readings of Scripture.
The first chapter of Genesis, said Dean Bouzeos, a pastor who is executive director of The Gathering Place in Greenwood, explains how God created man in his own image "male and female." Later references in Genesis identify gender roles. In other texts he cites, the city of Sodom was destroyed because of depravity and homosexuality.
In the Christian gospel of Matthew, Bouzeos notes, Jesus cites Hebrew scriptures and says a man and a woman shall come together in marriage. The Apostle Paul wrote in his epistles about a litany of sins that bring God's judgment, including homosexual acts.
"I think," Bouzeos said, "there is pretty clear evidence in Scripture."
Such certainty is not limited to evangelical Christians. Rabbi Yisrael Gettinger, of Congregation B'nai Torah in Indianapolis, said his Orthodox Jewish tradition is equally clear that homosexual activity is, biblically speaking, "outlawed."
"One cannot be more certain of something being inappropriate if it's called an abomination in the Bible," Gettinger said. "Those are not my words. Those are the Bible's words. Those are God's words."
Some contend that faith should not be the basis for deciding public policy, but pastors like Johnson say everyone in this debate brings a worldview to the table — be they believers or not.
"At the end of the day," Johnson said, "somebody's worldview is going to prevail."
Yet even among the most steadfast supporters for traditional marriage, there is an acknowledgment that marriage has been weakened by other things, such as high divorce rates and people who choose to live together out of wedlock. There is also a recognition that same-sex relationships are a fact of life in modern America.
The key is whether the state follows the lead of gay activists and recognizes those relationships as marriage.
"People can live however they want. They can do whatever they want," said Clark, with the American Family Association. "But, as a matter of public policy, marriage is the union of a man and a woman. If marriage becomes anything any group desires or wants it to be, it loses its importance. If marriage means anything, it means nothing."
Gay couples, said Smith, with the Family Institute, are free to live as they see fit.
But there's one thing they shouldn't be allowed to do: "They don't get to redefine marriage for the rest of us."
To Johnson, who with his wife, Marion, now leads marriage encounter weekends for couples, and whose parents have been nurturing marriages for decades, the union of a man and a woman in marriage is something precious that needs protecting.
"God created marriage. God established the principles for marriage, and if we follow God's wisdom," Johnson says, "we enjoy the benefits of marriage."
Call Robert King at (317) 444-6089. Follow him on Twitter at @Rbtking.
A ban or a definition?
Is the HJR-3 amendment a "ban" on same-sex marriage or a "definition" of marriage?
The Rev. Ron Johnson Jr., pastor of Living Stones Church in Crown Point, objects to the notion that this debate is about a marriage ban, as groups, including many gay activists who seek the defeat of the amendment, have called it. The referendum would ask voters whether they agree with the statement: "Only a marriage between one (1) man and one (1) woman shall be valid or recognized as a marriage in Indiana..." As Johnson puts it: "Nobody is trying to ban marriage. We are trying to protect marriage from a redefinition of marriage. Marriage is already in existence. I would say to those people that you already have the freedom to live as you are choosing to live. However, you do not have the freedom to redefine marriage for the rest of us."
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1e2miVM
A WOMAN has been jailed after falsely claiming that she'd been raped by a soldier after he "rejected her".
Rebecca Palmer, 26, was found guilty at Winchester Crown Court of perverting the course of justice after putting the squaddie through hell.
4 Rebecca Palmer, from Swindon, Wiltshire, was jailed today for five years
The court heard how she slept with the man consensually, but pretended to officer investigating her fake claim that she was pregnant.
Palmer then later claimed under further questioning that she lost the child in a suicide attempt.
A Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) spokeswoman said she made the fake allegations against a 22-year-old soldier serving with the King's Royal Hussars, based in Tidworth.
Joanne Jakymec, chief crown prosecutor, said: "Rebecca Palmer indulged in consensual sexual activity with the victim, but on being rejected by him embarked on a malicious campaign which led to him being arrested on more than one occasion and held in custody for periods of time.
4 Palmer also pleaded guilty to five offences of malicious communications and three offences of perverting the course of public justice
"She repeatedly made false allegations, including that of an allegation of rape, and sent malicious communications to both the victim and members of his family.
"The jury at Winchester Crown Court heard how the defendant became so embroiled in her own lies that she told others, and the police, that she was pregnant but on questioning claimed to have lost the baby during a purported suicide attempt.
"She invented fake friend profiles and produced false correspondence hoping that these would be accepted as supportive evidence of her false claims.
"She falsely claimed that the victim had taken revenge on her by posting intimate pictures of her on Facebook."
4 A Crown Prosecution Service spokeswoman said she made the fake allegations against a 22-year-old soldier serving with the King's Royal Hussars, based in Tidworth
Ms Jakymec added: "Rape is a very serious offence and this case should not detract genuine victims of this crime from coming forward and reporting.
"Our thoughts go to the victim in this case and we hope that this verdict will allow him to move on."
A Wiltshire Police spokesman said: “Palmer's behaviour has been completely unacceptable and she has shown no regard for the level of upset she has caused to others.
“Palmer became completely embroiled in her own web of lies and her appalling behaviour could really have a negative impact on victims of rape or sexual assault who may choose not to report it to police for fear that they will not be believed.
4 She was sentenced at Winchester Crown Court today
“I would like to reassure victims of sexual assault that we take all reports extremely seriously and would encourage anyone who has been a victim, regardless of how much time has passed since the offence, to come forward and report it to police on 101."
She also pleaded guilty to five offences of malicious communications and three offences of perverting the course of public justice.
Palmer, of Swindon, Wilts, was jailed for five years.
MOST READ IN NEWS Exclusive PIE ROLLER £148m EuroMillions winner scoffs 50 home-delivered Cornish pasties every WEEK Exclusive BRUTE FARCE Albanian murderer fighting boot from UK 'to avoid splitting family' beats wife MOMO NO-NO Momo Challenge in 'Peppa Pig and Fortnite vids' as YouTube and Instagram slammed MOMO SHOCK Creepy 'suicide character' Momo told lad, 8, to 'stab himself in neck' Exclusive DARK PAST Homeless man doused in water by rail staff KILLED man who splashed him with paint 'HE STRANGLED ME' Girl, 10, 'pretended to be dead to stop boy, 16, raping her on way home'
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.
The city of Mesquite, just east of Dallas, appears to be dealing with creeps in black masks ringing area doorbells for kicks. The city of Mesquite, just east of Dallas, appears to be dealing with creeps in black masks ringing area doorbells for kicks. Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Dallas-area creeps in masks caught ringing doorbells 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Police in the Mesquite area are investigating incidents of people in strange black masks casing homes in the city, just east of Dallas.
According to the Dallas Morning News' crime blog, police are looking into reports of one or more people knocking on doors and ringing doorbells in Mesquite late in the evening.
RELATED: A look back on Houston's most talked-about crimes of 2015
That wouldn't be a big problem (annoying, yes) except the person captured on at least one home security camera was wearing a strange black mask to obscure his or her face and had gloves on.
It's not glove weather in the Dallas area, or even mask weather if such a thing exists.
Either these people are big fans of Stanley Kubrick's final film “Eyes Wide Shut” or they are casing homes for burglary.
These incidents, though, do make a great argument for home security cameras at the front door since Mesquite police think the would-be suspects were spooked by the cameras.
I have my usual alarm set for tomorrow; 5:45 am and I go make coffee for the high school boys and we stagger to the car to drop them off at the Universal Metro Station. This will be the first time the boys will have a volunteer Uber driver who just turned fifty…It will be more of a trip for me then them.
Speaking of the trip:
I was born to Pedro & Irene and my parents were in their 30's so there was a lot of excitement from my extended family because 30 was usually a good age for being a grandparent. So, there was a curiosity to see such “old” folks having kid. What could go wrong?
Well, almost everything. Dads weren't allowed in the delivery room then and the final instructions from Irene to Pedro were no matter what happens his name is Erich Santana! Well, they wheeled her away and gave her what was called a saddle block; instead of going down it went up and two weeks later she woke up from a coma. The family naturally all followed her while I waited patiently in the nursery. Not a lot of taps on the glass to say hi.
When (gratefully) Irene came out of the coma; she learned that the Chinese looking kid in the picture was named Pedro Rafael (Irene's Dad) Santana, Jr. (Technically impossible…) and boy were Pedro and Pedro in hot water. No Erich,a near death experience and Pedro couldn't follow one simple request. We were in the doghouse for awhile.
Child actor by seven and member of SAG and AFTRA since 1973; avoided having to go to St. Charles Borremeo by going to school on the set. So, not a typical childhood and because I was “working” I was unable to do things or activities most kids did as part of their routines.
Not bitter but I feel like I missed a few things; but, the one thing I missed out completely was the ability to use the excuse of having a bad childhood. Pedro and Irene loved me and the guy who broke my only child status Anthony Francis Santana (They got his name right…) and although seven years is a big age difference I really liked having a baby brother even though he couldn't play catch or go to the movies with me without crying through the whole thing.
Nearly (A day at a time pal…) fifty years later Mom is gone; technically dying twice with a long and horrific experience with Alzheimer's and Pedro is still working and probably never retiring. I married Jen and had the sons any parent would wish for (Nicholas Francis Santana and Alexander Pierce Santana) and now nearly a month ago young Anthony and his lovely wife Elena adopted a newborn (who came early! Atta girl!) from Joplin, MO. She has been in California with us for about three weeks and this lovely gal is named Aidan Irene Santana. Tony and Elena saved this little girl's life! She was never going to have the amount of love she has received in a month in her whole childhood. It's not easy having kids at any age; but these two took this new challenge and I am so very proud of them. I have seen my niece quite a few times. My extended family is huge! I see a baby and then I don't see them again for years. I have seen this baby girl and every time I see her again she's still baby size! I love seeing my boys in complete amazement of their cousin and this little girl is well protected and loved and we're having a “sprinkle” for her in a couple of weeks.
Am I exactly where I want to be at fifty? No, but another Francis once said, “The Best is Yet to Come…” and you know what? I believe him. He recorded “Live at the Sands” in 1966 and he had just turned 50 then! So, I feel ready for any and everything. I have met a lot of people in fifty years and many have left a mark on me that I'll think of them until my last day and there are some I have no idea where they are but I hope they're happy. The people who were my biggest adversaries in my 40's were typically in their 50's so we'll be moving into different age categories together and I hope your impending 60's softens you but the good news is it's not my problem or my decision.
I am creating (Have been working on it a little longer than I hoped…) on a podcast called “Change Your Spots” and it will be mostly about music not from the Woodstock era, books not written by James Redfield or Scott Peck and movies not on everyone's radar. I am doing this for myself to stay and maintain an informed and CURRENT opinion. It was suggested to me I let go of old ideas a long time ago and since then I had to let go of several more and probably creating some as we speak. So, I am excited and I am very , very sure with the exception of a handful of folks my audience is going to be mostly of people I don't know; have never met and may never see in person.
Have I told you lately that I love you?
My forties were pretty good; bring it on my fifties-bring it on!
PRS
Advertisements
UPDATE: Newark school principal found in Philly, sister says
FRANKLIN TWP -- Police on Thursday asked for the public's help to find a woman who was reportedly last seen at the Newark school where she works as its principal.
Bertha S. Dyer, 68, of Franklin Township, was reported missing by her sister on Wednesday, according to the Franklin Township Police Department. Dyer's sister told officers she was last seen around 3 p.m. Tuesday at Newark's Mount Vernon Elementary School, where she is the principal.
"Ms. Dyer was scheduled for multiple meetings on Wednesday that she did not attend," police said in a statement.
Dyer's absences led a family friend to call her sister, according to police.
"There are no obvious signs of foul play," said Franklin police Sgt. Philip Rizzo. "Our detectives are using all the tools at their disposal in an effort to locate Ms. Dyer."
Authorities described Dyer as 5-foot-4 inches tall and known to drive a white 2011 Toyota 4Runner with New Jersey license plate of U79GXM.
Anyone with information was asked to call Franklin police at 732-873-2300 or Detective Trevor Wilson at 732-873-5533, extension 3161.
A school district spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a message Thursday.
Noah Cohen may be reached at ncohen@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @noahyc. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
eye Title Creator
Community Media 41 41 Book of Mormon 1900 Iowa edition texts eye 41 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1900 Iowa edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1900, Iowa edition
Community Media 81 81 Book of Mormon 1885 Salt Lake Edition texts eye 81 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1885 Salt Lake Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1885, Salt Lake
Community Images 268 268 Book of Mormon 1828 Original Manuscript image eye 268 favorite 1 comment 0
Sample pages from Book of Mormon 1828 Original Manuscript
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1828, Manuscript
Community Media 113 113 Book of Mormon 1902 Kansas City Edition texts eye 113 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1902 Kansas City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1902, Kansas
Community Media 233 233 Book of Mormon 1910 Chicago Edition texts eye 233 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1910 Chicago Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1910, Chicago
Community Media 284 284 Book of Mormon 1981 Salt Lake City Edition texts eye 284 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1981 Salt Lake City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1981, Salt Lake City
Community Media 75 75 Book of Mormon 1911 Chicago Edition texts eye 75 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1911 Chicago Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1911, Chicago
Community Images 81 81 Book of Mormon 2005 unauthorized reprint image eye 81 favorite 0 comment 0
Unauthorized reprint of the 1981 text, with additional typesetting and paragraphing by Michael A. Cleverly.
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1981, 2005, Cleverly
Community Video 47 47 Daily Politics 24 01 2014 by BBC movies eye 47 favorite 0 comment 0
BBC Daily Politics Show interview with Mohammed Shafiq regarding Maajid Nawaz's retweet of the Jesus and Mo cartoon.
Topics: Jesus, Mo, Mohammed Shafiq, Maajid Nawaz, Death, Threat
Book of Mormon 1830 Palmyra edition
Topics: Book of mormon, mormon, 1830, palmyra
Community Media 76 76 Book of Mormon 1908 Chicago Edition texts eye 76 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1908 Chicago Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1908, Chicago
Community Media 56 56 Book of Mormon 2013 Salt Lake City Edition texts eye 56 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 2013 Salt Lake City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 2013, Salt Lake City
Community Media 294 294 Book of Mormon 1879 Liverpool Edition texts eye 294 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1879 Liverpool Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1879, Liverpool
Community Media 202 202 Book of Mormon 1840 Nauvoo edition texts eye 202 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1840 Nauvoo edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1840, Nauvoo
Community Media 107 107 Book of Mormon 1829 Cowdery Manuscript texts eye 107 favorite 1 comment 0
1829 Cowdery Manuscript
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1829, Cowdery, Manuscript
Community Media 70 70 Book of Mormon 1854 Liverpool edition texts eye 70 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1854 Liverpool edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1854, Liverpool
Community Media 31 31 Book of Mormon 1918 Salt Lake City Edition texts eye 31 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1918 Salt Lake City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1918, Salt Lake City Edition
Community Media 125 125 Book of Mormon 1841 Liverpool edition texts eye 125 favorite 1 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1841 Liverpool edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1841, Liverpool
Community Media 124 124 Book of Mormon 1907 Salt Lake City Edition texts eye 124 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1907 Salt Lake City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1907, Salt Lake City
Community Media 57 57 Book of Mormon 1871 Salt Lake City Edition texts eye 57 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1871 Salt Lake City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1871, Salt Lake City
Community Video 80 80 News Night Interview With Jesus And Mo Author by BBC movies eye 80 favorite 0 comment 0
BBC News Night interview with author of the Jesus & Mo cartoon
Topics: Jesus, Muhammad, Mohammed, Cartoon, NewsNight, News, Night, Paxman, Jeremy Paxman
Community Media 80 80 Book of Mormon 1883 Liverpool Edition texts eye 80 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1883 Liverpool Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1883, Liverpool
Book of Mormon 1879 Salt Lake City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1879, Salt Lake City
Community Media 85 85 Book of Mormon 1874 Iowa edition texts eye 85 favorite 1 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1874 Iowa edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1874, Iowa
Community Media 48 48 Book of Mormon 1908 Salt Lake City Edition texts eye 48 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1908 Salt Lake City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1908, Salt Lake City
Community Media 85 85 Book of Mormon 1921 Salt Lake City Edition texts eye 85 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1921 Salt Lake City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1921, Salt Lake City
Community Media 293 293 Book of Mormon 1852 Liverpool Edition texts eye 293 favorite 1 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1852 Liverpool
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1852, Liverpool
Community Media 185 185 Book of Mormon 1849 Liverpool Edition texts eye 185 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1849 Liverpool Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1849, Liverpool
Community Media 46 46 Book of Mormon 1874 Salt Lake City Edition texts eye 46 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1874 Salt Lake City Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1874, Salt Lake City
Community Media 70 70 Book of Mormon 1858 New York edition texts eye 70 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1858 New York edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1858, New York
Community Media 65 65 Book of Mormon 1917 Iowa Edition texts eye 65 favorite 0 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1917 Iowa Edition
Topics: Book of Mormon, 1917, Iowa
Community Media 298 298 Book of Mormon 1837 Kirtland edition texts eye 298 favorite 1 comment 0
Book of Mormon 1837 Kirtland edition
Topics: Book of mormon, mormon, 1837, kirtland
Community Texts 50,748 51K Tabari (English) 40 volumes by Tabari texts eye 50,748 favorite 27 comment 1
40 volumes of Tabari in English
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics: Islam, Tabari
Community Media 358 358 Book of Mormon 1920 Salt Lake City Edition texts eye 358 favorite 0 comment 0
A man's wife said he assaulted her twice; evidence said otherwise.
It was a smoking gun of sorts, a DNA-laced BB gun that was the centerpiece of a rape charge against a Bradenton man.
Brian Scott Harden's wife told prosecutors that Harden raped her twice -- including once at gunpoint. Harden was looking at spending the rest of his life in prison.
His case was marching along through the court system when his attorneys got a letter this year from the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, which inspected the BB gun.
There was DNA on the pistol, yes, but it did not belong to Harden. The fluid was that of another man, the felon who was dating Harden's 30-year-old wife.
"Brian was arrested by the police and exonerated by science," defense attorney Mark Lipinski said Friday.
This week, prosecutors dropped two rape charges against Harden, 32, saying the state had "no hope" of securing a conviction against him given the "depth and breadth" of false testimony from Harden's wife, who first sought rape charges in 2005. Another rape charge was added in 2006.
Harden said the thought of spending the rest of his life locked up gnawed away at him. When he closed his eyes, he saw jail bars.
"It's been a rough three years," Harden said in an interview Friday. "It's a roller coaster ride I will never forget -- and I hate roller coasters."
The state was left with the uncorroborated testimony from Harden's wife and a single, ominous voice message from Harden in which he said, according to court records: "Right now, I'm a monster and I've got to stop it."
Prosecutors filed the cases in part due to medical records from Harden's wife that showed evidence that authorities said was consistent with domestic violence victims, Assistant State Attorney Brian A. Iten said.
Harden's attorneys, Lipinski, Scarlett R. Guy and Robert L. Cook II, were thrilled the state dropped the charges. Cook said Friday that it is a rarity that DNA exonerates a criminal defendant.
"This was a big deal," Cook said. "The DNA evidence was pretty tough to get around for the prosecutor."
In November 2005, Harden's wife filed court papers seeking an injunction against Harden. She said Harden had raped her a month earlier and at other unspecified times.
A Manatee County sheriff's deputy went to talk to Harden's wife the next day to check on her well-being, according to court records.
In a supplemental statement, Harden's wife changed the date for the rape that she claimed happened in October 2005 and added another rape that she claimed happened in November 2005, prosecutors said.
"I suffered a sexual assault that was so horrible I cannot discuss it," she wrote in an affidavit.
The alleged victim, who is identified only by her initials in court papers, told sheriff's detectives that Harden held a gun to her head and forced her to have sex. Harden was accused of inserting the gun into his wife.
Harden's wife maintained the story in a deposition in September last year. But after the DNA analysis on the gun came back, she changed her story.
Circuit Judge Diana Moreland allowed Brian Harden's attorneys to re-interview the alleged victim in a deposition earlier this year.
"Had DNA never been done on the gun, would you have maintained that story that Brian Harden had sex with you ... and then assaulted you with the gun?" Lipinski asked the woman.
"Yes," the woman said, according to a transcript of the deposition.
"You would have said that at trial, too?" the defense attorney asked.
"Yes," she said.
"So you would have lied to the jury then?" Lipinski asked the alleged victim.
"Probably so," the woman replied.
"So when the gun was found and DNA was done, you felt trapped in a lie, correct?" Lipinski asked.
"Well, yes," the woman said.
Harden and his wife, who were high school sweethearts, are in the middle of a divorce that is not final. Harden has two daughters and a son.
The criminal case, however, is over.
To assure himself, Harden frequently verifies the status of the case online. "I keep checking the clerk's site to see 'closed,'" Harden said.
The Determinants of State Legislator Support for Restrictive Voter ID Laws
William D. Hicks, Appalachian State University
Seth C. McKee, Texas Tech University
Daniel A. Smith, University of Florida
Forthcoming, State Politics and Policy Quarterly
Abstract
We examine state legislator behavior at the passage stage of voting on restrictive voter identification (ID) bills from 2005 to 2013. Partisan polarization of state lawmakers on voter ID laws is well known but we know very little with respect to other determinants driving this political division. With rare exceptions, a major shortcoming of extant research evaluating the passage of voter ID bills stems from using the state legislature as the unit of analysis. We depart from existing scholarship by using the state legislator as our primary unit of analysis and we cover the entirety of the period when restrictive voter ID laws became a frequent agenda item in state legislatures, from the first passage of a strict photo ID bill in 2005 to the latest measures passed in 2013. Beyond the obviously significant effect of party affiliation, we find that there exists a notable relationship between the racial composition a member's district, region, and electoral competition, and the likelihood that a state lawmaker supports a voter ID bill. Democratic lawmakers representing substantial black district populations are more opposed to restrictive voter ID laws, whereas Republican legislators with substantial black district populations are more supportive. Controlling for party, we find southern lawmakers (particularly Democrats) to be more opposed to restrictive voter ID legislation. Further, all else equal, we find black legislators in the South to be the least supportive of restrictive voter ID bills, which is likely tied to the historical context associated with state laws restricting electoral participation. Finally, in those state legislatures where electoral competition is not intense, partisan polarization over voter ID laws is less stark, which likely reflects the expectation that the reform will have little bearing on the outcome of state legislative contests.
Photo by Bloomberg via Getty Images
I arrive at Kentucky's last abortion clinic around 8 AM on a Saturday in October. There are a handful of protestors gathered out front, bearing signs that liken abortion to murder and toting Bibles. Like all the employees there, I have to enter through a gated fence in the back, away from the chants of the demonstrators. But the patients unfortunately have to enter through the front, pushing past the anti-abortion activists, and into the waiting area.
Through the glass window in the waiting room, I can see the throng of protesters outside and hear them yelling, “Please don't do it!” The women awaiting their appointments avert their eyes from the shouting and keep their heads down, trying their best to ignore the scene outside.
The clinic, EMW Women's Surgical Center, in Louisville, has become a flashpoint in the debate around abortion access in the US and a symbol of quiet resistance against an insidious anti-choice agenda. In recent months, EMW Women's Surgical Center has been under sustained attack from hundreds of anti-abortion protesters and from conservative legislators, who hope to make Kentucky the first state without a single abortion provider. But the women and men who work here remain determined to keep its doors open and provide their patients with quality care.
One of those at forefront of this fight is Anne Ahola, who has been working as the clinic director for the past 17 years. A tall and imposing woman who has a thick Swedish accent, even though she moved to the US 40 years ago, Ahola has devoted her life to reproductive rights ever since she first came to Louisville to study social work. With patients, she's personable and nurturing, though she can come off as a bit stern—sort of like a wise, older friend. (She tells me, for instance, that she's counseled several women to “stop feeding the men that just use you for your bed.”)
As the surgical center director, it is Ahola's duty to ensure each patient properly follows several steps—including vitals, blood work, medical history, and an ultrasound, the last of which is specifically mandated by the state—before getting her procedure. I watch as she leads a group of about 15 women from the waiting area into a separate room containing a TV and comfortable chairs. She welcomes them warmly and then starts an informational video, about the procedure and its side effects and risks. Once this is over, she takes each patient, one by one, to her office and holds a counseling a session, where each is asked if she has questions and if she is certain about her decision.
“In the Bible, God breathed into Adam's nostrils the breath of life, and that's when man became a living being. It doesn't say anything about a heartbeat.”
Ahola later tells me that she conscientiously allows the session to move in whatever direction the patient wants to take it, studying each woman's demeanor to make sure she wasn't coerced into the procedure. If the patient seems to be struggling emotionally—if she feels distraught by the religious protesters outside, for instance, or if she “hears the heartbeat and becomes upset” during the state-mandated ultrasound—Ahola will pause and make sure she's sure this is the right choice for her.
According to Ahola, many of these conversations will turn towards religion; a lot of patients come from religious families, she explains, and many come to their appointments alone, not wanting their loved ones to know. Ahola herself identifies as a devout Christian, which helps. “My God is a loving and forgiving God. I don't know what God those people outside are talking about,” she proclaims, referring to the protesters outside. “In the Bible, God breathed into Adam's nostrils the breath of life, and that's when man became a living being. It doesn't say anything about a heartbeat.”
Ahola says she's invited religious demonstrators into the clinic on several occasions in the past to show firsthand how the facility operates, to get a sense of the protestors' viewpoint, and to prove to them that, in her words, “God is in here, too.” She once noticed a man in his mid-twenties outside, she continues, and it struck her as odd that “he would just linger there after most of the protesters have gone for the day.” So she invited him into the clinic one day and finally heard his story: The man had come from a deeply religious family that found lust sinful, and in college he had sex with a woman, leaving him with feelings of extreme remorse.
“It was almost like he was coming to the protests to rid himself of that guilt,” Ahola says sympathetically. (She saw him a few times again out front after their interaction, but he hasn't been back in recent months.)
Very few other protesters or anti-abortion groups are so willing to hear Ahola's perspective. In July, most notably, the notorious anti-abortion group Operation Save America was in Louisville for a week-long national event with up to 700 protestors from across the nation participating. The organization staged demonstrations in front of the EMW Women's Surgical Center, bearing graphic anti-abortion banners and posters, resulting in the arrest of 11 demonstrators. Operation Save America also targeted Ahola personally, she says, mailing thousands of fliers to her neighbors with her picture, address, and the word “murderer” across the top—though she remains steadfast in her views that helping women access the full breadth of reproductive care is a moral duty.
She also remains firm in her sense of purpose. “When women take responsibility for their actions, that's when they really have the power. When a woman makes the decision to get an abortion, she is making a greater decision for her family, not just for herself," she affirms. “It's our job to help these women.”
Today we bring you an exciting and unique preview card from the upcoming Commander 2015 set:
This card looks relatively simple at a glance, and what it does is fairly straightforward. It pulls your commander from the command zone into your hand. What's there to talk about?
Well, let's think about why you would ever care to do this:
There are just a few rules interactions worth pointing out here:
Casting a commander from anywhere other than the command zone is not counted when considering commander tax. The tax rule cares only how many times you've cast your commander from the command zone this game. This means you could use Command Beacon before you've ever cast your commander, and cast it from your hand for its normal cost. If it dies and goes to the command zone you can cast it from there for it's normal cost again! Then if you cast Restore to use Command Beacon again, you can cast the commander from your hand once again for its normal cost. You're a professional tax evader!
Opal Palace is a bit of a weird one! It still knows when you're casting a commander even if you're casting it from your hand, but it only counts how many times you cast it from the command zone this game. That means it's now theoretically possible to use the Palace's second ability to cast your commander… and end up with zero counters! You probably won't make a habit of using Command Beacon before casting your commander the first time, but it's a fun fact nonetheless.
One last potentially interesting thing to note. Command Beacon doesn't target anything. It's perfectly legal to activate the second ability even if your commander isn't in the command zone at all. There are few reasons to do this for your own benefit (Knight of the Reliquary, perhaps?), but it's something to keep in mind for Mindslaver players! In fact, if the commander is in the command zone when the Mindslaver'd player uses Command Beacon, the controller of the player can choose to replace “put into your hand” with “put into the command zone,” wasting the Command Beacon with no visible effect from its ability (it moves from command zone to command zone).
Have fun brewing up new and interesting ways to use this unique card!
U.S. Senator John McCain (R) consoles Victor Sibayan (L), whose son U.S. Navy sailor Carlos Sibayan was killed in a collision aboard the USS Fitzgerald in June, after a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on recent fatal United States Navy ship collisions at sea, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S. September 19, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Reuters
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain called on Tuesday for an immediate stop to U.S. sailors working over 100 hours a week as top Navy leaders struggled to explain a series of fatal naval collisions in the past few months.
Earlier this month, the Government Accountability Office government watchdog said that a reduction in crew sizes was contributing to safety risks, with some sailors working over 100 hours a week.
"I think I know what 100 hours a week does to people over time and that has been standard procedure for a long time," McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said.
"I'm glad you've got RAND and whoever the hell else it is that is studying (the issue)... (but) you could make the change tomorrow," McCain added. RAND is a U.S.-backed think tank.
The guided missile destroyer John S. McCain, named after the Senator McCain's father and grandfather, suffered significant damage and 10 sailors were killed when it collided with a tanker east of the Straits of Malacca and Singapore on Aug. 21.
The John S. McCain's sister ship, the Fitzgerald, almost sank off the coast of Japan after colliding with a Philippine container ship on June 17. The bodies of seven U.S. sailors were found in a flooded berthing area after that collision.
Family members of some of the sailors who were killed were attending the hearing.
Navy Secretary Richard Spencer told the hearing that a review was underway to look issues within the Navy.
"We have a problem in the Navy and we are going to fix it," Spencer said.
Spencer added that the Navy would consult with outside companies, including BP North America, which has experience in dealing with tragedies. In 2010, a BP rig in the Gulf of Mexico exploded which lead to the worst off shore oil disaster in U.S. history.
Admiral John Richardson, the chief of naval operations, said that a high pace of operations and budget caps had an impact on the Navy, but ultimately Navy leaders were responsible for safety and readiness.
The Navy has fired a number of officers, including the commander of the Seventh Fleet, as a result of the collisions involving its warship in Asia.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali and Phil Stewart; Editing by Alistair Bell)
As the Trayvon Martin killing in Florida continues to grab national headlines, a case, now playing out in Mississippi, also raises questions about race and justice in America.
To be sure, in this year commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Children's Crusade in Birmingham, President Kennedy's civil-rights speech, and the March on Washington, it is appropriate to note the strides that have been made to overcome past racial injustice. Today, of the 435 members of the House of Representatives, 41 are African-American. Well over 600 cities have black mayors. And the country has elected (and reelected) its first African-American president.
But despite these advances, injustices remain. For years, the nation's prison population has contained a disproportionately large number of African-American prisoners. A good percentage of these inmates are incarcerated on minor infractions, such as possession of small quantities of drugs. Worse, some are there under questionable circumstances. Few cases are more dubious than that of Curtis Flowers, a black man who has spent the last 16 years on death row in Mississippi for a crime to which he was connected by the most meager of circumstantial evidence.
Of course, Mississippi has a long history of racial incidents, from the Duck Hill lynchings in 1937 to the Mississippi Burning murders of three civil-rights workers in Philadelphia, Mississippi, and the assassination of Medgar Evers in Jackson in the 1960s. Another small town, Winona, achieved notoriety when voting-rights activist Fannie Lou Hammer spoke at the 1964 Democratic National Convention and described how, while under arrest in Winona, she was savagely beaten by police. With Winona as backdrop, it should not be surprising, then, that Curtis Flowers's saga has racial overtones.
It was a horrendous crime. On the morning of July 16, 1996, Bertha Tardy, 59, a local merchant in Winona, and three of her employees were gunned down execution-style in her place of business, Tardy Furniture. Each victim was shot in the head. Tardy and two employees died instantly. The third died in the hospital.
The horrific quadruple homicide shocked the sleepy Southern town. Prosecutor Doug Evans felt intense pressure to find who committed the crime. On the day of the murders, without considering any other suspects, he settled on a 26-year-old black man named Curtis Flowers, a common laborer and part-time gospel singer with no criminal record.
Two weeks earlier, Flowers had worked for Tardy for three days but quit after he damaged three golf-cart batteries he was transporting for Tardy's husband. Flowers's unclaimed payroll check lay on Tardy's desk on the day she died. In addition, on the morning of the murders, a .38-caliber handgun was stolen from a car belonging to one of Flowers's relatives — the same type of handgun used to commit the murders (although it was later established that bullets fired from the gun did not match those found at the crime scene.) Finally, a bloody footprint near one of the victims was made by a Grant Hill Fila-brand sneaker, size 10-and-a-half. An empty shoebox for the same size and make of shoes—but not the sneakers themselves—was found in the duplex Flowers shared with his girlfriend, who told police the shoes, long since worn out and discarded, belonged to her teenage son, not Flowers.
No murder weapon was found. Flowers's fingerprints did not appear at the crime scene, on the shoebox, or on his relative's car. When he was first interviewed by police, Flowers was wearing Nike sneakers, not Filas. Upon interrogation, Flowers had no blood splatters on his clothes. He passed a lie-detector test. Still, based on scant circumstantial evidence (a check, a relative's stolen gun, and an empty shoebox), plus profoundly conflicted eyewitness accounts that some observers of the case claim were fabricated, Flowers was arrested and charged with four counts of capital murder. He said he was in his duplex at the time of the murders, but since he was there alone he had no alibi.
What has followed is Doug Evans's relentless, Javert-like prosecution of Flowers. It has now consisted of six trials, making Flowers one of a handful of people in American history to be prosecuted six times for the same murder charges. The first two trials, both resulting in conviction, were overturned on appeal by the Mississippi Supreme Court, citing prosecutorial misconduct. A third trial ended in a conviction that was reversed by the higher court, now because “the state engaged in racially discriminatory practices during the jury selection process.” Evans had used similar tactics in the first two trials to ensure that those juries were predominantly white as well.
For the next two trials, Evans seated racially balanced juries reflective of Winona's population. Both trials ended in mistrials, with all of the white jurors voting to convict and all of the black jurors voting to acquit. Indeed, Evans had consistently played up the case's racial undercurrent, one that harked back to ghosts of the past: an angry young black man, compelled by what he perceived to be an affront—loss of employment and money—got his revenge by massacring his former (white) employer as well as three of her employees.
For the sixth trial, Evans returned to a predominantly white jury. The result was another conviction, this one handed down, on June 18, 2010, in less than half an hour. What should happen if the latest conviction is overturned on appeal, which could be handed down any day now? A defendant can be tried, Evans told local reporters after the sixth trial, “as many times as it takes.”
What is noteworthy, as the media again focuses on the Trayvon Martin killing, is how little national attention has been paid to the Flowers case, which is taking place within driving distance of where Oprah Winfrey was born and Morgan Freeman lives. Meanwhile, Curtis Flowers remains on death row, waiting.
This week brought announcements of new iPhones, Apple Pay, and Apple Watch, as well as the quiet departure of the iPod classic, the last remaining click-wheel product in the iPod lineup. It also brought something that happens much less often than new product announcements—changes to the look and lineup of tabs at the top of the page at apple.com.
We can see a few different things by looking at how these have changed over the last fourteen years.
First, we see how the user interface has evolved. The tabs begin with the natty pinstripes and bubblicious tabs of the original Aqua interface, appearing on the home page immediately after Aqua was introduced in January 2000. This was the first production use of Aqua elements by Apple—the release of Mac OS X, 10.0 was over a year away. Through the next fourteen years, we see the designs become simpler as the candy look becomes more subtle before disappearing entirely. With the removal of dividing lines between items, the original tabs have finally morphed into a simple menu bar.
This week's update also ended the reign of Lucida Grande as the font of choice—the honor now belongs to the Apple variant of Myriad.
The content of the tabs shows an interesting progression as well. The Apple logo, Store, and Support tabs are a common thread throughout with Search appearing surprisingly late in the game in 2007. These unchanging outer items are like bookends around the changing world of Apple over time.
For the first seven years, the inner tabs mainly focused on software (QuickTime, Mac OS X, iTunes) and different incarnations of online services (iReview, iCards, iTools which became .Mac). The first hardware to appear on a tab was iPod, but it had to share a tab with iTunes for almost seven years before getting a tab of its own.
With the release of the iPhone in 2007, the tabs became more hardware-centric, with Mac and iPhone getting their own tabs. With the introduction of the iPad in early 2010, the center of the tabs became all hardware lines, with the exception of iTunes (both software and a service).
And, of course, this week Watch joins the lineup. It seems a little odd not to use the full product name Apple Watch or <Apple logo>Watch, especially since Watch is both a noun and a verb.
Although the appearance and focus of the tabs have changed over time, it is interesting to note that almost all tabs name something that has been an enduring part of the Apple ecosystem (the exceptions being iReview, iCards, and the Switch campaign). Details may have changed—iTools begat .Mac begat MobileMe begat iCloud, Mac OS X is now OS X—but there are some very consistent through lines. Here's hoping the Apple Watch is one of those through lines for a long time to come.•
I used the Internet Wayback Machine to help track these changes down. If I've missed any changes, please feel free to let me know!
Two Takes on Lyme
Almost 40 years after Lyme disease emerged, scientists are still unraveling the mysteries of Borrelia burgdorferi, the tick-borne bacterium that causes the illness. The pathogen, which is tricky to cultivate in laboratory settings, uses a huge array of defenses to protect itself against the human immune system.
A fuller blueprint of B. burgdorferi might bring some relief to the roughly 25,000 Americans who are diagnosed with Lyme disease each year. (The disease is also a global problem, with a particularly high incidence in Eastern Europe.) When left unchecked, the infection can cause joint inflammation, cardiomyopathy and facial paralysis. Now two Bloomberg School scientists believe they have found important new avenues for understanding the disease, and in May they each received grants from the Lyme Research Alliance to support their work.
Mysteries still surround Lyme disease almost 40 years after the tick-borne illness was first recognized in the U.S.
Ying Zhang, MD, PhD, a professor of Molecular Microbiology and Immunology, has a hunch that pyrazinamide—a drug that has been used for more than 60 years to treat tuberculosis—might have some effect against Lyme disease. “It's a very curious drug, but an amazing drug,” Zhang says. “Most antibiotics work only against bacteria that are growing, but pyrazinamide works against ‘persister' tuberculosis bacteria that are in a dormant, non-growing state.”
That's an uncontroversial statement when applied to tuberculosis—but Lyme disease is a different story. The very idea that B. burgdorferi might have a “persister” form is hotly debated. Many scholars and practitioners insist that Lyme can always be treated with a relatively short course of antibiotics. The practice guidelines of the Infectious Diseases Society of America, for example, declare that there is no evidence that anyone has suffered significant chronic B. burgdorferi infection after the standard treatment. But some scholars and patient advocacy groups disagree, asserting that even after standard antibiotic treatment, B. burgdorferi can persist in a difficult-to-detect form, causing chronic neurological problems.
Zhang is in the latter camp. He suspects that under certain conditions, B. burgdorferi might change to an unusual form known as L-forms, one type of heterogeneous persisters. In the L-form state, bacteria lack cell walls—a major target of most commonly used antibiotics. Pyrazinamide, however, targets different sites (energy production and protein degradation) in the cell, and Zhang's lab has demonstrated that the drug is uniquely effective against tuberculosis bacteria that have transitioned into a dormant “persister” state and are tolerant to most antibiotics.
Might pyrazinamide (or a similar compound) have the same kind of power against Lyme disease? That is what Zhang hopes to learn in the next several years. His lab's early studies have been promising. He and his colleagues have already found that the active form of pyrazinamide—pyrazinoic acid—has some effect against B. burgdorferi in vitro. Now they are preparing to test the drug's power against B. burgdorferi in mice.
Zhang and his team also will test hundreds of different medicinal compounds to see if they have any in vitro effectiveness against the dormant form of the bacterium.
Valeria Culotta, PhD, a professor of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, is following a different strategy. Her lab has been using biochemical and spectroscopic methods to study the unusual ways in which B. burgdorferi metabolizes metals.
Most microorganisms need to acquire iron for survival, but scientists discovered several years ago that B. burgdorferi is almost uniquely indifferent to iron levels. (That property leaves it invulnerable to one of the body's basic immune responses, which involves starving pathogens of iron.) Culotta and her colleagues recently discovered a possible explanation for how B. burgdorferi functions with such indifference to iron: It has an extremely strong capacity to take up manganese, an element that, like iron, can be used to power bacterial enzymes.
Culotta hopes that this insight might someday lead to new molecular targets for anti-Lyme medications. In the meantime, however, Culotta cautions that Lyme patients should not try to starve themselves of manganese. “This organism has such a high capacity for taking up manganese that even if you removed it from your diet, it would still find an adequate amount,” she says.
The drug therapies that might emerge would target the unique metallo-enzymes that bind with manganese, Culotta says. “We still have a great deal to learn about this organism,” she says. “I'm hopeful about new therapies, but they would come way down the line.”
Jon Snow and company are on thin ice in new clip from “Beyond the Wall” by Corey Smith
As we approach the end of Game of Thrones, we become more interested in the spinoffs still in the planning stages. Details have remained scarce, but we know that HBO is currently developing either four or five prequel series. Each series is being written by a separate writer. A Song of Ice and Fire author George R.R. Martin is involved with each of them, but to differing degrees. Game of Thrones showrunners David Benioff and Dan Weiss won't be involved at all.
One of prequel writers, Kingsman: The Secret Service scribe Jane Goldman, recently spoke to IGN on what her series might look like:
Yeah, I think I can say if I was able to say what mine was — yeah, I think as a book reader or as someone who watched the series, you would say, “Oh, that! OK.” Yeah, it would be recognizable as a past event, but I think that's probably as far as I can go.
It's good to hear that at least one of the series will be “recognizable as a past event,” although at this point, that could mean almost anything. Also, let's remember that HBO has confirmed that it will not be doing prequels that revolve around Robert's Rebellion or the Dunk and Egg series. Also, this early in the process, we note that Goldman's series has not actually been greenlit for full development — the current theory is that HBO will develop a bunch of different ideas and choose to go forward with the one (maybe two) it likes the best.
So what might “recognizable” mean? Will the show have supernatural elements, for example? Dragons and White Walkers and the living dead and the like?
Yeah, I mean those are things that exist in the universe that George has created and it's certainly — that's an aspect that I love so, umm, yeah. (laughs) I'm sure there's an element of that in anything that's being developed but, yeah, that's — I guess so, yeah. I feel like I'm saying way too much! I can say absolutely nothing.
She's just started working on this franchise, and already Goldman is without spoilers like an old pro. Kudos.
Goldman also commented on how closely she's worked with Martin, saying “I've had the pleasure of going to spend some time with him and working on things and talking about ideas.” As for when any prequel series might air…
I mean, in terms of what spin-offs will happen, I think nobody knows at this stage of the game, but the sense I get is HBO is very keen to develop something to go on the air sooner rather than later after the series ends, which is why they've been in development in earnest I think.
If Goldman has any idea as to how the current series will end, she's keeping them to herself. “Uh, yeah, I totally should not answer that question! And if I were to say that I do, who knows who might torture me for the information?”
To stay up to date on everything Game of Thrones, follow our all-encompassing Facebook page and sign up for our exclusive newsletter.
Watch Game of Thrones for FREE with a no-risk, 7-day free trial of Amazon Channels.
CERT recommends disabling Java altogether, as it is unaware of a solution to the issue. | REUTERS Feds issue warning on Java security
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is recommending that Internet users disable Java in their Web browsers after pinpointing vulnerability in the Oracle software.
According to a Thursday afternoon post on the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team's website, Java 7 Update 10 and earlier could allow a remote user to “execute arbitrary code on vulnerable systems,” putting it at risk for malware. A cyberattacker could exploit the risk to either direct a user to visit a website that would download malicious software to their computer or to access a legitimate website and compromise it with a malicious applet (a “drive-by download”), CERT said.
Story Continued Below
( PHOTOS: 10 violent video games)
The vulnerability is already being exploited, according to the post, and is reportedly being incorporated into publicly available exploit kits.
Oracle said in a statement Sunday that it is working to correct the security flaw. "Oracle is aware of a flaw in Java software integrated with web browsers. The flaw is limited to JDK7. It does not exist in other releases of Java, and does not affect Java applications directly installed and running on servers, desktops, laptops, and other devices. A fix will be available shortly," the company said.
CERT vulnerability analyst Will Dormann says the flaw could affect all of Java's users, which, according to Oracle, reaches 1.1 billion.
“Some users may be running Java 6, which is unaffected by this vulnerability. However, Oracle has reported that it will be automatically updating Java 6 users to Java 7, starting in December 2012. So before long, that would mean that 1.1 billion desktop systems could be vulnerable, assuming that Oracle's numbers are correct,” Dormann said in an email to POLITICO.
Dormann said making matters worse is the fact that the vulnerability is true for most operating systems, including Windows, OS X and Linux, and browser-level protections will not work against it.
“When you combine these aspects together, you get a very attractive target for an attacker,” he said.
CERT says it recommends disabling Java altogether, as it is unaware of a solution to the issue.
The agency credited user Kafeine on the blog “Malware don't need Coffee” for pointing out the flaw.
This article first appeared on POLITICO Pro at 2:06 p.m. on January 11, 2013.
As Twitchy reported, the Supreme Court on Monday upheld President Trump's constitutional authority to restrict travel to the United States from high-risk countries and allowed his travel ban to take full effect. The only justices to dissent were Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor.
So, if seven of nine Supreme Court justices approved the so-called “Muslim travel ban,” does that make them white supremacists themselves, or just enablers of Trump's “white supremacist agenda”?
.@lsarsour with a reasoned, rational response to the Supreme Court upholding Trump's travel ban. Smh. https://t.co/HuwsQSzMKV — Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) December 4, 2017
I guess the SC begs to differ. https://t.co/wTOtnDgspK — Calpernia (@granchi) December 4, 2017
This "white supremacist agenda" she speaks of just got cleared by the Supreme Court. https://t.co/2lMagTAGv9 — Jamie White (@WhiteIsTheFury) December 4, 2017
Linda So-sour accusing America's #SupremeCourt of having a "White Supremacist Agenda"… Let that sink in… https://t.co/fjleD3shfM — Jay Tee (@jaytee7777777) December 4, 2017
That's right, Linda. The Supreme Court is filled with white supremacists. Go away #Loser. https://t.co/M5bXso02cA — ??Deplorable CMSgt (@Retired_CMSgt) December 4, 2017
Apparently there are only white Christian folks in the hundreds of countries not listed in the ban! ?? #Travelban #lindasarsour #muslimterrorist https://t.co/0hUNKNpMJW — mmr (@buellerbueller7) December 4, 2017
Please connect the dots of white supremacy to muslim terrorists so we may all follow your train of thought https://t.co/kLJFIrForN — BethMRamsay (@BethMRamsay) December 4, 2017
Here we go: Hyperbolic jackasses telling low-info followers that this is about Muslims or White Supremacists.https://t.co/dLCyUuMGGY — BonkPolitics (@BonkPolitics) December 4, 2017
Here we go. Anti-American agenda continues with people throwing racist terms whenever there's a law ruling that doesn't support their position. https://t.co/Co3d60LzmQ — DianneCannis ? (@diannecannis) December 4, 2017
Here we go the race baiting lies continue #MuslimBan https://t.co/eUtHUnBfRC — Shazam (@3rdtime77) December 4, 2017
This, from the woman that rants about the Joooooooooooos. https://t.co/f9VKpZ4N4R — (((Common Man))) (@hydar) December 4, 2017
Here we go. Another lecture from a propagandist who wants sharia law to have precedence over the Constitution.
This #NoMuslimBanEver hashtag is full of hysteria and deliberate misinformation. https://t.co/AONQ7OuXEq — Bossy Brat ?? (@JGalt09) December 4, 2017
Plenty of Muslims are 'allowed' to travel here – there are just some specific countries that do a piss-poor job of managing their records that tend to harbor terrorists that are being limited. Y'all are so damn melodramatic. –> #NoMuslimBanEver — ??TheChristmasFOO? (@PolitiBunny) December 4, 2017
Hi @lsarsour! What are your thoughts on citizens of Israel being banned from many countries in the Middle East? https://t.co/bDmadgapHj — Ryan Saavedra ?? (@RealSaavedra) December 4, 2017
2017: Protecting citizens of all races equal white supremacy. Also, Islam equals pro-feminism. What a year https://t.co/INbLyxSv4d — Tony (@creamer_tony) December 4, 2017
* * *
Related:
Cue Resistance meltdown! Supreme Court upholds Trump travel ban
There's a new Drake album, and a kid in Philly couldn't be more excited.
Sure, he's thrilled to hear the latest work by an artist he admires, but with his laptop and a library of other music, this kid has a plan.
With its growing popularity on network serials and reality TV, Bollywood — India's Hindi-language film industry and the songs from its musicals — is hot on the lips of entertainment aficionados around the world. With dazzling colors and dizzying choreography, Bollywood dance has gained enormous popularity in the United States.
For first-generation Indian Americans, dance and music are anchors to their parents' culture, even if it is rooted thousands of miles from home. American college teams perform and compete using different types of Indian dance, and as these styles began to evolve and mix, so too did another artistic fusion: music.
From Bollywood and bhangra to pop and hip-hop, young DJs around the country are combining the sounds of the East and West in online mashups and mixtapes.
For the South Asian American diaspora, music presents a unique way of marrying multiple cultures. Music and dance are inextricably linked in India: Classical dance styles are set to Hindustani and Carnatic music, with dancers required to understand different keys and tempos as part of their dance education. It makes sense, then, that the burgeoning fusion dance scene would have a musical counterpart.
Bhangra, bhangra, bhangra
Before the world caught Bollywood fever, it was folk music and dance from the North Indian state of Punjab that got attention in the West. Bhangra teams and competitions took hold at American colleges and the genre's infectious drum beats and melodies permeated pop culture.
“I always had a very strong cultural tie to Sikh Punjabi culture,” says Iqwak Bhurji, 28, who DJs under the moniker Klasikhz. “When I came out here to the States, one of the most important elements for me was the concept of the arts. It was literally the most pure form that allows people of different worlds to just kind of communicate. That's a very clichéd statement, but for me it meant a lot to sit in a room and jive to the same dance song as somebody else.”
Bhurji told Mashable that he began mixing different musical styles late in high school, when he couldn't resist adding tabla drum beats to a sample of “Ms Jackson” by Outkast. As a student at the University of California San Diego, Bhurji got his first taste of competitive bhangra from watching the UCSD team.
“People weren't really experimenting as much, and if you fast forward 10 years to today, people are experimenting like crazy," Bhurji says. "It's a beautiful sort of evolution, but at that moment in time no one was really risking that. Everyone was coming from a much more traditional mentality.”
Mixing for a dance team instead of his own entertainment gave Bhurji renewed accountability for the 16 other individuals relying on his skills. After he mixed for UCSD, other bhangra teams approached Bhurji for help with mixes, to give them a competitive edge.
“Sound gets stale. Experimentation is vital but at the same time it's really up to that artist or that DJ to put in that creative energy to make it stand out,” Bhurji says. “People are OK with having a dubstep segment in the middle of a bhangra routine, it's OK. It still has to be done creatively.”
“I think being different, being original and really just being excellent at what you'll do, that'll gravitate energy from all these other teams,” Bhurji adds. “At that time, it was just too early to know that this was something we can externally go out and tap into. All I was trying to do was just define a very strong identity for [my team] in a fusion world.”
The 'Desi' Dance Network
As Bhurji graduated and continued work as a DJ, the face of Indian American college dancing expanded enormously to include Bollywood and Western fusion. Competitions bring together students and teams from all over the country, and social media created a space to share their art.
While Klasikhz was dropping tracks from San Diego, a college freshman named Srihari Sritharan was listening and learning from the East Coast.
“There was the South Asian show that every college has, and we had a freshman dance,” recalls Sritharan, who now releases mixes as Dr. Srimix. “I had the idea of 'Hey, what if we combine some songs here and there,' like make a nice, fluid mix for us to dance to. And that was the first mashup or remix that I'd made.”
Sritharan joined Brown University's undergrad fusion team as a dancer, but creating new, interesting mixes was a crucial part of his tenure.
“I was already very aware that people are blending Indian and American culture in that way, but it was never – it was rarely, rather, that it was extremely integrated,” he says. “It was always kind of like, take some Indian instruments and put it underneath a Sean Paul song or Kanye/Ludacris song, that kind of thing.”
Sritharan found that most mixes got stuck in a particular genre and didn't vary enough for an exciting dance experience. “Either it was very DJ-style – meant for parties and 30 minutes long and straight bhangra, straight Bollywood, or EDM-heavy ... which I thought was not very great for dancing,” he says. “Or it'd be the complete opposite — five consecutive songs with silence in between.”
“I really only started getting into the Indian fusion kind of music by listening to a lot of A.R. Rahman and just being so inspired by that,” says Vissagan Gopalakrishnan, who DJs as VGo. Gopalakrishnan tried different musical instruments while growing up, such as the classical Indian harmonium, eventually experimenting with a keyboard in middle school and high school.
“There needs to be a unique organization of the music,” he notes. “At one point, overlaying two songs on top of each other just doesn't work out – almost all the time. There needs to be a lot of tweaking a lot of ways to give each song its own space and respect, but still being able to complement each other. It's a very imprecise science.”
Sritharan guided Sajan Patel into the collegiate dance and music scene, where Patel was recruited to make a mixtape – a fusion mix designed to generate hype for upcoming dance competitions.
“Before I did the Infusion mixtape not many people had done EDM/Bollywood,” Patel adds. “That was like, Sanjoy ... but once he stopped doing things with the circuit, nobody else really did it, so I think that kind of brought it back. And now I see other DJs starting to do more EDM/Bollywood as well.”
That word comes up a lot in these conversations: circuit. "The circuit" is the world of fusion dance, a world built by first-generation Indian Americans. There's the pervasive collegiate mindset among these young artists, because their work exists in a specific sphere. The dance “circuit” gave rise to fusion mixes, and though it thrives there, it's limiting in its own way.
The 'side hustle'
Bhurji is part of what you could dub the first wave of South Asian American DJs; he now works in advertising and continues to DJ and produce music. But he might be the exception; Sritharan is pursuing a Ph.D in neuroscience, while Gopalakrishnan and Patel are both planning for medical school. There's a reason that graduate school doesn't have its own dance circuit – it's not exactly known as an environment rife with free time.
For the moment, Sritharan devotes his days to science and his evenings to music.
“I just know that while I have this momentum in music and remixing I should use it as much as possible,” he says. “This is so amazing where I just put a track out and everyone is eager to listen to it. That's something I would've never had imagined and I'm extremely thankful for it, but I do know that if I wait like five more years and no one knows me personally, this just becomes ... the spark is no longer there.”
“I really do try to use the music as a way to break from my school stuff,” Gopalakrishnan agrees. “Music mixes have really become part of who I am, so for me to sacrifice that for my medical career wouldn't be the best for me.
It's something cool to talk about, too; I can talk to you about medicine, but people I talk to at my med school are like ‘Oh, tell me about your music.'
It makes me a more well-rounded person.”
Patel started a DJ company with his friends in high school and was working events well before making mixes for a community of dancers and fans. With an approaching MCAT and more rigorous schoolwork, he may have to slow down the music.
“Most people don't see behind the scenes, what goes behind every gig and planning. You have to organize your equipment, organize people, understand what kind of crowd you're going to be DJing with,” he explains. “Once I get into med school ... I might just do mixes on SoundCloud rather than DJing live events because I doubt I'll have time. I feel like after med school it'll probably be a hobby, but honestly it just depends on where it goes.”
“I took an Uber to this one bar, and the Uber driver was so curious, and I played him some of my stuff and he shared it with some of his friends,” Gopalakrishnan says. “He messaged me about it, saying that he really did like my stuff. I think just by having live DJing or live mixing, that is definitely pulling in a different crowd.”
SoundCloud and beyond
If there's a particular obstacle in the way of this musical movement exploding past the undergraduate bubble, it's SoundCloud. Recently, the streaming platform began to remove specific tracks, sometimes shutting DJs' accounts down entirely.
Sritharan has the perfect analogy: “Imagine today if YouTube just disappeared. There are other video hosting sites out there, but to get everyone — like a billion people — to switch to a different site is not an overnight process,” he says. “It took a really long time for people to know that SoundCloud is the place to go for Indian remixes, and pretty much just as soon as that happened, SoundCloud started getting into legal trouble and shutting people down left and right.”
“I made a mix of ‘Rude Boy' by Rihanna, and under fair use you can use like 10 seconds of it – I also completely changed the key and pitch – so I thought I would be totally fine,” says Gopalakrishnan, whose account was recently shut down for a third time. “I was aware that SoundCloud was doing this, but some bot took it down. Even Bollywood songs are being taken down — Bollywood remixes that I thought would not be susceptible to these takedowns.”
That brings up another development: Original Bollywood remixes. Popular Indian music producers began adding club beats to their own songs to package multiple versions on the original album.
It's partly a response to the American DJ movement and partly to supplant it with an Indian equivalent. The demand for more exciting musical styles makes losing a resource like SoundCloud even more disheartening.
"I'm not sure exactly how to bring it farther out," says Gopalakrishnan about spreading his music beyond its current niche. "Right now the college scene is so tight as a community that it works really well to push music out there. I've been DJing some, more than I have, particularly over the past year, and by doing that I've gotten the word out about my mixes."
“My really big hope is to kind of bring out like a new – to really push this to the next step, wherein it's the combination of Indian music with opera, or drum and bass," he adds. "I'm working on a couple mixes where i'm trying to mix it with some African stuff as well, or Chinese stuff – so really trying to hone in on trying to share a new musical experience.”
"We're in a place in society, in our generation, where we have a lot more power than we think we do," Bhurji says. "And music, dance, art – they are some of the most powerful things that we can do to bridge these confusing gaps that society has placed on us. We can do a wonderful job showing people we have more in common than we actually do. Music shows that. And for me that purity, that defines this hustle. That's incredibly inspirational for me."
Clearly, it's inspired a whole lot more.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
In Thursday's Kings win over the Islanders, Los Angeles scored on the man advantage to improve its current power play stretch to 10-for-29 since a 4-1 win at San Jose on October 22.
It was a simple play. Calvin de Haan was whistled for a tripping minor, Anze Kopitar won the ensuing faceoff, fed Christian Ehrhoff at the left point, and he found Doughty, who crept towards the top of the right circle before unleashing a slapshot that beat Jaroslav Halak while Milan Lucic provided a screen.
Associate Coach John Stevens isn't as entrenched in power play work as Davis Payne is, but he does work with defensemen, and he spoke about power play personnel during Friday's media availability.
“I think Darryl does a really good job just crediting work, and guys who are working and winning battles usually go out, and that's usually indicative of your power play,” he said. “But clearly we have some competition for ice time there. We have lots of guys who are capable in terms of skill set being on the power play, but I think Darryl's rewarded the guys who are really working and playing with pace and tempo, and it's certainly given us some production here lately and helped us win hockey games.”
Los Angeles has long boasted its array of penalty killers, and now, with a slightly more mobile defense that continues to be adept at pushing the play into the attacking end and playing up-tempo, the power play has also benefited from a variety of options. Doughty, Alec Martinez and Jake Muzzin are power play fixtures, while Jamie McBain also has heavy offensive upside, and Ehrhoff was acquired in part because of his success with the man advantage.
“Before the game we get a pretty good look at what the other team does, what their preferences are, and so you kind of have that in mind, but then it's all about reading the play and what develops,” Ehrhoff said of the team's power play looks. “Usually on the power play the best chances come off second opportunities. When you get the pucks moving and when you get them scrambling and you win a puck battle, then things will really open up for you.”
Ehrhoff, who didn't play in the games against Florida and Arizona because Derek Forbort drew into the lineup, returned to action on Thursday and played a strong game in 15:10 of ice time.
“He's a really skilled guy who skates well and can move pucks for us, and we want him to be a good defender and then make good plays with the puck. I thought he did that,” Stevens said. “I thought pucks separated well down low and he was able to transition the puck for us and get involved up the ice. I think his attitude's been really good, and I thought he came back and responded well.”
Christian Ehrhoff, on Thursday night's win:
I thought we battled hard, and the key last night for us was special teams. We got a goal on the power play and had a huge kill on the five-on-three against. That was what won us the game in the end, and Jhony played great.
Ehrhoff, on any preferences on power play partners:
It's really tough to say, because it's been kind of rotating. I've been there with everybody, with Dewey or Bainer or Marty, Muzz. Really, there hasn't been a constant, but it's a good thing. We're scoring goals, and like I said, it's a big part of the success for the team.
Ehrhoff, on whether he prefers to skate with a right or left-handed partner on the power play:
No, to me it doesn't really matter. For me, it doesn't really matter what side I'm on. At that point I was on my strong side, but I've played the right side before, too. It's just different looks. It's tough for the other teams, too, to fixate on who's going to be out there and what look they're going to get. So it's different looks for us, and that keeps the opponent guessing, too.
Ehrhoff, on getting pucks through on the power play:
Yeah, that's a good thing. The more pucks you can get on the net, the higher the chances that one is going to go in. It creates that movement of the PK, and it creates also the second opportunities, which are key. When you go one-and-out and you've got to break out again, that's not good. That doesn't create that momentum you want to do, and when you get those second and third opportunities, that creates some momentum. That gets you success in the end.
AUSTERITY got a down vote by a huge majority in Greece. Over on Medium Thomas Piketty‘s interview with German newspaper Die Zeit has the economist pointing fingers at Germany and what's at stake if the European austerity fetish continues.
From Medium
DIE ZEIT: Should we Germans be happy that even the French government is aligned with the German dogma of austerity?
Thomas Piketty: Absolutely not. This is neither a reason for France, nor Germany, and especially not for Europe, to be happy. I am much more afraid that the conservatives, especially in Germany, are about to destroy Europe and the European idea, all because of their shocking ignorance of history.
ZEIT: But we Germans have already reckoned with our own history.
Piketty: But not when it comes to repaying debts! Germany's past, in this respect, should be of great significance to today's Germans. Look at the history of national debt: Great Britain, Germany, and France were all once in the situation of today's Greece, and in fact had been far more indebted. The first lesson that we can take from the history of government debt is that we are not facing a brand-new problem. There have been many ways to repay debts, and not just one, which is what Berlin and Paris would have the Greeks believe.
[…]
Piketty: When I hear the Germans say that they maintain a very moral stance about debt and strongly believe that debts must be repaid, then I think: what a huge joke! Germany is the country that has never repaid its debts. It has no standing to lecture other nations.
The WSWS speaks to Julius and Ethel Rosenberg's son
An interview with Robert Meeropol
By Fred Mazelis
15 June 2013
Robert Meeropol and his brother Michael are the sons of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, who were executed by the US government in June 1953 on trumped-up charges of atomic espionage on behalf of the Soviet Union. Robert, the youngest of the Rosenberg sons, was six years old when his parents were put to death.
The Rosenberg sons were adopted and raised by Abel and Anne Meeropol. For their entire adult lives they have campaigned to expose the importance of the Rosenberg case. In the 1970s, they successfully sued the FBI and CIA to force the release of 300,000 previously secret documents dealing with their parents.
Robert, after having earned anthropology and law degrees and practicing as a lawyer, founded the Rosenberg Fund for Children (www.rfc.org) in 1990. The Rosenberg Fund for Children, as its web site explains, “provides for the educational and emotional needs” of children whose parents have faced harassment, injury, prison or other attacks because of their political activities. The RFC is commemorating the 60th anniversary of the Rosenbergs' execution with a program entitled “Carry It Forward: Celebrating the Children of Resistance,” at New York City's Town Hall on Sunday, June 16 at 7 PM (www.rfc.org/cifevent).
Fred Mazelis of the WSWS spoke this week with Robert Meeropol.
Fred Mazelis: Why do the names of your parents still evoke the Cold War and the anti-communist hysteria of that period? What makes June 19, 1953 an important date in the history of the 20th century?
Robert Meeropol
Robert Meeropol: One of the central tenets of Cold War ideology in the US was that there was an international Communist conspiracy out to destroy our way of life, and therefore civil liberties and human rights had to take a back seat to national security. My parents' case was proof of this equation, because they were Communists who provided the Soviet Union, according to the government, with the means to destroy us, in the form of the atom bomb.
But it wasn't as simple as that. Not everyone accepted the official story. There were also millions of people who were horrified at the execution of a young couple with two small children. There were children who thought that this could happen to their parents, and a lot of these children are still alive.
FM: Why do you think the death penalty was handed down and carried out? What is your opinion of your father's statement: “This death sentence is not surprising. It had to be. There had to be a Rosenberg case, because there had to be an intensification of the hysteria in America to make the Korean War acceptable to the American people. There had to be hysteria and a fear sent through America in order to get increased war budgets.”
RM: In the broadest sense this is true. Certainly there had to be a Rosenberg case. At the same time, there were more narrow reasons behind the death penalty itself. It was used in an attempt to coerce cooperation. The ultimatum was, “talk or die.” My mother was held hostage. The government said to Julius, “You talk, admit your guilt, or she will die too.”
So if you follow that to its logical conclusion, you can see that, in fact, they didn't want to carry out the death penalty, at least not at first. They fully intended to reward my parents by commuting the death sentence if they cooperated, but when they didn't cooperate, they had to show them who was boss by killing them. Behind it all was the Cold War hysteria and the political aim of whipping up support for war and repression. My parents refused to capitulate. They sacrificed their lives rather than contribute to the anti-communist hysteria.
FM: Can you tell us about your parents and their generation, including the impact of the Russian Revolution and the Soviet Union, and how they were radicalized as part of a broader movement of masses of working people?
RM: Their political education started much closer to home. They looked out their windows on New York's Lower East Side and saw poverty and oppression. They saw families being thrown out of their homes because they couldn't pay their rent, and they saw squads of Communist Party young people move people back in, working at night and whenever they had to in order to help people defend themselves and their families.
They also saw the Soviet Union, which held itself up as the defender of the working class. They saw an international movement of working people trying to create a new society. These two sides played off each other, the convergence of the two really made the difference. The promise of the Soviet Union found an echo here.
FM: What about the role of Irving R. Kaufman, who presided at the trial, and Roy Cohn, who played a major role as part of the prosecution team? Do you see them as part of an effort by the authorities to immunize themselves against charges of anti-Semitism?
RM: The job of Kaufman and Cohn was to demonstrate that there was no anti-Semitism involved in the case, because they were Jews and were presiding over the trial and seeking a death sentence for their fellow Jews. In fact, the role of Kaufman and Cohn reflected anti-Semitism and the case was used to encourage anti-Semitism while denying it.
This was only five years after the end of World War II. American Jews were in many cases seeking to demonstrate their patriotism. The presence of Kaufman and Cohn indirectly showed that it was necessary for the Jewish population to prove its patriotism and its loyalty. The idea of the patriotic as opposed to the treasonous Jew assumes there is something suspect about the Jews in the first place.
FM: Do you have anything to say about the role of Ronald Radosh and others who have continued to campaign to affirm the supposed guilt of the Rosenbergs?
RM: These people are essentially apologists for the US government. To them it is much more dangerous that a few individuals like Julius Rosenberg tried to help the Soviet Union because they thought it would help the cause of peace, than that the most powerful entity on earth executed two people for something they didn't do. Those are just such topsy-turvy priorities that it is laughable.
FM: Could you explain the work of the Rosenberg Fund for Children?
RM: On a personal level I set out to help children who I see as kindred spirits, children who suffered because of attacks on their parents in response to their parents' activism.
In the 20-odd years of its existence, the RFC has made grants totaling nearly $5 million to hundreds of children. I did some research on this and the trend in recent years shows the need for this work. In Barack Obama's first year in office there were some 600 political arrests. In the second year this was up to 900, in the third it hit 1,300, and then, with Occupy Wall Street and other protests, there were over 8,000 political arrests in the final year of Obama's first term.
Many of those arrested have children. They are not famous, these are not big names, and their children have educational and emotional needs. The kinds of activities supported by our grants include camp, art and music lessons, school tuition, day care, therapy and the costs of travel to visit incarcerated parents.
I am now on the verge of retiring. I am not going to leave this work, but I see the need to pass on responsibility. If it is going to take years and even generations to transform our society then we on the left must work to transmit our values across generations. I see my daughter Jenn's coming assumption of leadership responsibility at the Rosenberg Fund for Children as a manifestation of that.
FM: What is the legacy of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg? Is it pertinent to the issues raised in relation to Bradley Manning and Edward Snowden? The charge of treason and of revealing “secrets” to alleged enemies is comparable to the campaign against the Rosenbergs. Today these attacks on civil liberties are part of a “global war on terror,” an open-ended conflict used to fuel superpatriotism and comparable to the anti-communist hysteria of the 1950s.
RM: The legacy of my parents is their resistance. They were confronted by the US government and told that they must lie or die, that they had to admit to being involved in atomic espionage when that was not the case. My father was involved along with a number of other young men in trying to help the Soviet Union, but he had nothing to do with the atomic bomb and he was not going to lie about it.
Today, in the cases of Bradley Manning and Edward Snowden, and not only in these cases, these are young resisters, young people saying we are not going to put up with this government or any government having such awesome power to spy on the population. They will not renounce their beliefs—at least they haven't so far, and I don't think they will.
As we confront the corporate elite and the authorities, we need more people like this. The only thing I would add is that unfortunately while we have courageous individuals, what we lack is an organized mass political force to confront the corporate enemy. That's what is missing, at least so far.
A farming family in southern Saskatchewan were shocked earlier this week when one of their cows gave birth to four calves.
The Lamports, whose farm is in the Alida area, were originally expecting the cow to deliver twins, before they discovered there were triplets and then quadruplets.
The family had only been expecting twin calves and were shocked when they thought they might be getting triplets. They were even more shocked when a fourth calf arrived. (Kayla Lamport)
It's now a part of Lamport family lore.
"We had to help her have the first three," said Kayla Lamport.
"We pulled the first calf and my dad realized there was still two more in there ... we were completely shocked that there was three."
There is a one in 11 million chance that quadruplet calves will survive, the Lamport family said, but their four calves are doing just fine. (Kayla Lamport)
About 30 minutes after the third calf was born, the family was stunned to realize a fourth calf was on the way.
Lamport said that the odds of all four calves surviving are a one in 11 million chance.
"All the calves are alive. They are doing really well. They are sucking on their own," said Lamport.
"They are with their original mother, and we purchased a nurse cow to help the other mother raise them, so the two cows will raise the four calves together."
my poor parcel post deliverer.. not only did i get a giant polystyrene box of frozen food delivered today but I also got my secret santa gift! I felt pretty sheepish watching him struggle to my door with the two boxes.
ANYWAY, got into the box and found an amazing array of coloured tissue paper :3 (see fig. 1) of which I gave a piece to my geriatric cat Missy, although she was much more interested in wondering why I wasn't giving her dinner than playing with tissue paper (see fig. 2)
First i found a lovely card which i went to read first until i saw the big spoilers sign and put it aside for after prezzie opening.
digging under a few more gloriously gorgeous tissue paper layers and I found an ADORABLE bird toy, I haven't seen anything like it here in Australia and it is sooooo cute. It's a wreath with stars and bells (see fig. 3), I got some seed sticks from work secret santa and gave them to my cockatiels so this was earmarked for Bowie, who decided she matched very well with it and was quite happy with the offering (see fig. 4)
digging a little further and I find some pretty awesome snacks, Washington D.C. chocolate which is amazing to me being a never-left-the-country Aussie aaaaaand, perhaps even more exciting... SPACE ICE CREAM!!! I'm too nervous to eat it yet but i have a killer sweet tooth so i can garuntee i'll get into it soon ;) (see fig. 5)
Golly what lovely gifts i think as i remove some more tissue paper, expecting to hit the bottom of the box, but NO! MORE! spoilt KatePlate :3 A rarity (MLP:FiM) necklack for kids, but if i put it on the longest setting it sits nicely (the shortest hole is like a choker but is still doable) she's my favourite pony and I love her! also FRIGGEN MY LITTLE PONY COLOUR GEL PENS. seriously, i felt like a 4 year old getting so exited over GEL PENS but ohhhh my, i'm heading back to uni to do some more study in Feb and the best way to motivate myself to take notes is using different colours so these are going in my pencil case for uni now and will be my primary pens for the semester!!! (see fig. 6)
Smiling like an idiot I pulled out some more colour co-ordinated (seriously it was all pink, white and silver it was ADORABLE and I loved it) and found ANOTHER present. An adorable cute purple apron, to answer your thought in the card I actually really love baking and I don't have an apron and I am terribly messy, i usually cover myself in flour and ruin my clothes so i'm stoked! (see fig. 7)
All of my presents were perfect! Every. Single. One.
Thank you so much santa :) I sincerely hope your santa gives you such a beautifully wrapped and thought out gift <3
Everything together (see fig. 8)
Heroic Hollywood is following up on previous rumors about the Man of Steel sequel with new details about the film's plot.
The site previously reported that Braniac would be the film's villain. The site now adds that Braniac is after the Kryptonian codex from Man of Steel, and that the codex will end up in the hands of Supergirl.
This version of Supergirl was first introduced in the Man of Steel prequel comic as a new member of the Kryptonian Explorers Guild, and organization tasked with seeking out suitable planets for terraforming and later colonization by Kryptonians. The report suggests that the plan has always been for the Man of Steel sequel to focus as much as Kara Zor-El as on her more famous cousin, and that her inclusion is what got George Miller's attention in the first place.
The reports also states that Braniac will use what Kryptonian data he already possesses to create Bizarro to aid in his battle against the last scions of the House of El.
ECHO PARK –– The City Council is scheduled to vote on Tuesday on a proposed $50,000 reward to help find the man who fatally stabbed 28-year-old Hugo Castillo while he was hanging out with friends last summer at Echo Park Lake.
Councilman Mitch O'Farrell introduced the motion as the suspect remains at large and no other witnesses, beyond Castillo's friends, have emerged. The motion provided the most recent account of events that took place leading up to Castillo's death:
“On July 21, 2016 at approximately 10:35 p.m., 28-year-old Hugo Castillo was hanging out with friends in the north end of Echo Park, near the restrooms, when an individual approached him and punched him for no apparent reason. Mr. Castillo then pushed the unknown individual back, but the unknown individual produced a sharp object and stabbed Mr. Castillo. The suspect then fled northbound on Lemoyne Street towards Sunset Boulevard. Mr. Castillo was transported to LAC/USC Medical Center, where he succumbed to his wounds.”
Last August the LAPD issued a rendering of the suspect, who is described as a male Latino, approximately 30-40 years old with a bald head and brown eyes. He stands 5 feet 9 inches tall and weighs approximately 180-190 pounds. He has tattoos on both arms. The suspect was wearing a black t- shirt and blue jeans.
Anyone with information about this case is asked to contact Rampart Homicide Detective Martinez at (213) 484-3642 or Detective Chung at (213) 484-3643.
Update: The City Council voted to issue the reward
Related Link:
More Echo Park stories
Got a news tip or photo to share? Submit it here
Can't get enough Echo Park news? Sign up for The Eastsider's Echo Park Weekly email newsletter. Echo Park Weekly features EP-centric stories, tidbits, advice, observations, information as well as the week's top news.
Jesús Sanchez, Publisher
The Eastsider
Please fill out every field
Problem with the form? Let us know
SUV
HP
The Hexa concept recommends itself as a muscular and sportyand according to Tata Motors, it “unveils a new direction to the design language of future Tata SUVs”. There is nothing too flashy about it but from where we're standing, it looks production-ready but we doubt that the final version will inherit the sculpted design, although we could see those 19-inch alloy wheels as optional equipment.According to Tata Motors, the interior has enough room for six passengers but we are a bit skeptical about that. Under the hood lies an “all new” 2.2-liter VARICOR 400 diesel engine that delivers 154and a maximum torque of 400 Nm (295 lb-ft). Moreover, these resources can be ‘tamed' with either a 6-speed manual gearbox or a 6-speed automatic transmission.Next in line is the ConnectNext concept, which seen from far away looks like a motorized Casper. Anyway, Tata describes it like a 5-seater electric vehicle with floating and sliding seats blessed with a minimalistic driver interface.Besides that, those sitting in the front seats have a click wheel at their disposal - inspired from the iPod classic - to control the concept's functions. What we liked most were the HUDs with augmented navigation and driver warning & guidance functions, but the road ahead is still long for Tata Motors. It's good to see that improvements are made, though.
A cloud formation tinged with red dust travels across the Indian Ocean near Onslow on the Western Australia coast.
Weather models are in agreement that the current El Nino weather pattern is here to stay until April.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (4.27 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (4.27 MB)
Load more chevron right
El Nino can bring drying conditions to south-eastern Australia and this year areas of Victoria have been the hardest hit.
Seasonal Risk Agronomist with Victoria's Department of Economic Development, Dale Grey, who studies weather patterns and impacts for agriculture said El Nino loomed large over spring in the state.
"It has been dry, but if you're in New South Wales, or other parts of Australia, you're probably thinking, 'what El Nino?'
"So this El Nino sort of has been a personal one just for Victoria."
He believes the current El Nino is peaking now but will continue through to April.
"Having a fully fledged El Nino for the next couple of months, doesn't really mean anything," Mr Grey said.
"Historically (in summer) a third of our El Nino's can be quite wet, a third can be normal in terms of rainfall and a third can be drier than normal."
El Nino isn't the only weather phenomena that weather watchers are keeping an eye on.
Rural Newsletter Rural news in your inbox? Subscribe for the national headlines of the day.
Record warm temperatures in the Indian Ocean are being observed, as they have potential to bring more rainfall to parts of Australia.
"All year the Indian Ocean as a whole has been warmer than normal and for the last couple of months now it's been the warmest on record," Mr Grey said.
"Anytime you've (got a) warmer than normal tropical ocean it has to be evaporating records amounts of moisture by definition."
As to where the water will go, different weather models are predicting different outcomes.
Some weather models forecast the moisture to miss Australia, while others suggest south-east Queensland will receive extra moisture, and some models forecast it will be received in Victoria, Western Australia and Queensland.
Joseph Houseman, gun-humper, yelling paranoid, delusional rants of "Revolution" - similar language as Nevada cop killers Jerad and Amanda Miller.
Joseph Houseman, gun-humper, yelling paranoid, delusional rants of "Revolution" - similar language as Nevada cop killers Jerad and Amanda Miller.
Police were scared and residents were scared as Joseph Houseman trotted around with his gun and screamed similar rhetoric as Nevada cop killers Jerad and Amanda Miller.
http://video-embed.mlive.com/...
Michigan news is reporting
KALAMAZOO, MI — Police reports and recordings of a sometimes tense 40-minute encounter with a belligerent, rifle-toting man offers insight into how officers tried to defuse a volatile situation without infringing on his right to openly the gun on a city street.
HOUSEMAN: That's my First Amendment right. Geik: No it's not. You can't swear. HOUSEMAN: That's bull---. I can threaten you if I want to. GEIK: That's incorrect. HOUSEMAN: I can threaten you. I can threaten you're family. I didn't threaten your family, I said I could. UNIDENTIFIED OFFICER: You said a war was coming. HOUSEMAN: I didn't say a war was coming. UNIDENTIFIED OFFICER: You said a revolution is coming. HOUSEMAN: Think about it. You know it is.
GEIK: If I was going to open carry, which I have done before, there is no way in heck I would have come to a laundromat full of people trying to dry their clothes with an Auto Zone, carwash and 10 cop cars. HOUSEMAN: That don't mean (expletive). I'm trying to raise awareness. GEIK: You're trying to make a statement, and you got it and now you lost your gun. HOUSEMAN: You guys aren't always right. GEIK: No, but in this one, we're 100 percent right. As I stated 12 minutes ago, you're not detained. You were detained initially because the officer was trying to have a conversation with you, a legal, lawful, allowed, non-intruding Fourth Amendment conversation and when you start screaming obscenities and grabbing your genitals armed with a rifle, you crossed the line. HOUSEMAN: I apologize. I have a bad attitude because we're losing our rights.
The gun-humping nutjob is Joseph Houseman and he's pissed that our "rights are being taken away" and is convinced he has a legal right to "threaten" police officers and their families.A transcript of the exchange between police and the paranoid gun-humper:Here's a transcript of a different officer trying to reason with the gun-humper:Twelve Police officers arrived on the scene and the first officers on the scene, turned over negotiations to a trained SWAT negotiator. Police closed down the street and took up defensive positions behind their vehicles as they talked to Houseman. As it turns out, Houseman's gun was not loaded ... thank goodness.
They closed down the street, called SWAT and even though he threatened the lives of Police officers, it sounds as though police were afraid to charge this fool for fear of going to the Supreme Court.
Chelsea star Cesc Fabregas has revealed he is a "big fan" of Arsenal record signing Mesut Ozil, even though the Germany international prevented him from returning to the Emirates Stadium last summer.
Once the 27-year-old decided to leave Barcelona at the end of last season, he was linked with a move back to north London as the Gunners had the chance to activate a buy-back clause in his contract.
However, as Fabregas revealed earlier in the season, Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger passed up the chance because he already had Ozil for the playmaker role and the boss believed there were no room for both stars in his line-up.
When asked during an interview with Spanish radio station Onda Cero about that, Fabregas said: "Ozil was there and I respect [Wenger's decision] a lot.
"I have always liked Ozil. I am a big fan of Ozil."
After a conversation with Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho, Fabregas opted to join the Blues to play in west London.
Some Arsenal supporters have since criticised his decision, while during the London derby that took place earlier in the season, Fabregas even appeared to have rifts with his old friend Jack Wilshere.
But the Spaniard has claimed he does not consider himself a traitor and he played down the Wilshere incident.
"Some day you will know the whole truth... I am not a traitor," he said.
"I remembered that incident with Wilshere. He trained with us since he was 16 and he has always respected me a lot because we play in the same position. When I was at Arsenal, there were already talks about him becoming the next Arsenal big thing,
"We have always had a really good relationship but he had an incident with Terry and he was a little bit angry. I just said to him to take it easy but he hadn't had a problem with me."
Former Pirate Bay spokesperson Peter Sunde was released from prison earlier this month. Today he looks back at his tough time in prison and to the fights ahead, including the battle for a free and open Internet. Peter sees data as the oil of the 21st century and likens the fight against piracy to the invasion of Kuwait.
On November 10 former Pirate Bay spokesman Peter Sunde was released from the high security prison where he'd been detained since his arrest last May.
After more than two weeks on the outside Peter is still struggling to put his thoughts into words and come to terms with what happened, a process that needs time.
Peter, who was Pirate Bay's public face but never got involved in day-to-day operations, sees his incarceration as a kidnapping. He never committed a crime, but was jailed for a made-up offense due to pressure from the copyright lobby.
While in prison Peter lost his father. Not being able to stand beside his loved ones during this time made it all so much worse. Slowly, however, there's a light glimmering at the end of the tunnel, a light that strengthens Peter's inner-urge as an Internet activist.
Today, Peter is kind enough to share some of his thoughts on the past and future with TF and the many people who spoke out in his support during the past few months.
Looking back at the difficult months in prison, and ahead to his future as a free man, it's clear that Peter hasn't given up on his fight to preserve a free and open Internet. Quite the contrary.
“Data is the oil of our century and the fight against piracy is our version of the invasion of Kuwait. Put this into context and the fight for a free and open network becomes something else. It becomes the fight for a free humanity and open society,” he says.
TF: Looking back at your time in prison, what was the hardest part?
Peter: The hardest part was actually not being there, but the fact that I could not take care of things outside. The people who depend on me, especially my father, didn't have me there when they needed me. People I work with had (and still have) to work much harder since I'm not around to take care of things.
The other things, the fact that the “food” was uneatable and unhealthy, the fact that there was nothing to put your mind into besides books and letters which essentially makes one lose one's intellectual skills. The fact that you're never really treated as a human being but rather a bastard that deserves shit, are all awful things but not comparable to the feeling of being un-free in a situation of crisis.
TF: Was there anything positive?
Peter: The positive things? I realize that criminals in general are not the people one should be afraid of. Criminals are mostly products of a state that didn't care enough for its citizens. The people they commit crimes against are victims of victims. The most dangerous criminals I met inside were those who committed the crime of breaking human rights on a daily basis. They are the ones making sure that criminals keep being criminals. But positive? The most positive thing was leaving.
TF: You mention the term “kidnapping” in relation to the prison sentence. Can you elaborate on that?
Peter: Well yes. Kidnapping: “In criminal law, kidnapping is the unlawful taking away or transportation of a person against that person's will, usually to hold the person unlawfully.” – there's no legal merit in taking me, because I've never committed a crime. The state has abused their powers. The whole case is similar to me saying that someone owns me money, making a false receipt and then taking the money from that persons wallet. Noone would consider that right or legal. Hence, the state kidnapped me.
TF: Can you tell us a little bit about the projects you're working on, or have planned for the future?
Peter: I'm working on lots of things, as usual. I've wasted a lot of time during my kidnapping, and I still need some time to catch up with myself. Not (only) because of the kidnapping, mostly for family reasons. There are big things coming, besides the public things such as heml.is (which btw, is awfully close to release and the team is awfully awesome) and a new version of Flattr which will turn a lot of heads. The bigger things are not announced nor public, and mostly still in the planning stages. But it will be bigger than the other projects.
TF: Have you come to any new insights over the past months, or new project ideas?
Peter: Lots of ideas! My issue has always been that I have a lot of ideas that I want done, but usually not the funds, time or team (because of the funds mostly) to make them happen. I've decided to work less hands-on with tech and rather focus on the idea development.
I've always tried to merge my views on politics with tech, but I also need to merge those things with reaching out to the mainstream public. That's my next thing. Not going more mainstream, but reaching out to it more. Also, I've decided to spend more time on hobbies (such as my work in comedy and architectural design) since I think it's better to get a break from doing the same thing 24 hours a day.
TF: What are the main threats the Internet faces today? How should these be addressed? Do you plan to get involved yourself?
Peter: I've been involved for as long as I can remember now, and I'm never stopping. The main threats are the same as always – the quest for control and power. Everyday more people connect to the network, and every day we move power away from users to big corporations that have lobbyists employed to make sure they're allowed to centralize. All these corporations, that claim to love the free and open web, that say that the free market ensures it will be a-ok, really lock down the internet and buy their competitors so that they own the markets.
If we don't stop it now it will end up in an armed revolution in a few years. The internet has gone from being a playground for new technology and entertainment to becoming the bearer of almost all communication, information and expressions; while still being treated as a playground in a sense. The market owners play with our personal information for a profit, states play around with our secrets and integrity (and for that matter, other states secrets and integrity).
All while we, the people, use the systems that enslave us to try to kill the beast. We click “like” on Facebook when we see a group trying to stop Facebook from violating our human rights. We need to wake up out of that stupidity and demand our rights back.
The past decades we all saw the internet being free. We can't imagine a non-free network today. But it will become locked up, closed down, segregated, if we're still this naive further down the line.
It's never been about just the free downloads for me. They just happened to be the first step, the first fight. Data is the oil of our century and the fight against piracy is our version of the invasion of Kuwait. Put this into context and the fight for a free and open network becomes something else. It becomes the fight for a free humanity and open society.
—
Based on the above it's clear that the Internet hasn't heard the last of Peter just yet, whether it's Heml.is, Flattr or any of the new projects. We wish Peter all the best in accomplishing his goals and want to thank him profoundly for sharing his thoughts with us, which wasn't easy.
Finalizing our question round we asked Peter where he wants to be in 10 years.
“Still in love,” he replied.
While John Kerry is out there drumming up investment for Iran, a new report shows that the giant pallets of cash sent to Iran were supposed to go to the victims of Iranian terror.
UPDATE: Omri Ceren, a managing director at The Israel Project, states this morning in a factsheet distributed to journalists and others that the State Department has been forced to back off of John Kerry's pro-Iran language. From the factsheet: “Kerry's comments renewed criticism that he is misleading foreign banks about penalty risks in order to drum up business for Iran. They also renewed long-running interagency tensions over why the Secretary of State was giving guidance about Treasury guidelines in the first place, let alone when he didn't seem to understand how sanctions work. The State Department is now accepting Treasury's standard.”
Original article follows:
Here at CounterJihad, we have covered the transfer by the Obama administration of $1.7 billion in giant pallets of cash to the terrorist elements within Iran's government. None of the administration's stories justifying this transfer of wealth to the main state sponsor of terrorism have made sense. It was not necessary to transfer the money in cash, for example. The transfer really was a hostage ransom payment, in spite of their denials, to take a second example.
Today, we learned that another aspect of their justification was flawed. The Obama administration has claimed that the money transferred to Iran belonged to Iran anyway, as a kind of refund for weapons sales that did not happen. This was always a highly questionable claim, as the government that paid us the money was not the same government that now rules over Iran. It is unclear why the Iranian revolutionary government would be entitled to moneys advanced by the Shah of Iran. This makes no more sense than if a homeowner had overpaid property taxes, and the government responded by sending the overpaid money not to him but to the squatters who had forcibly occupied his home over his protest. Of course, the Shah was no longer in a position to receive a refund, so it wasn't clear that the money should go to anyone.
What we have learned most recently, however, is that the money did have a proper owner: victims of Iran's support of terror.
Alisa Flatow, a twenty-year-old Brandeis University honors student spending her junior year abroad in Israel, boarded a bus in Jerusalem bound for a popular resort area in Gaza. It was the height of the “peace process,” celebrated the year before with Nobel Peace prizes. As the bus entered Gaza, a van filled with explosives slammed into it. Eight people, including Alisa, were killed, and more than 40 others were injured. The attack was carried out by a faction of Islamic Jihad controlled, financed, and directed by the highest levels of Iran's government…. A federal district court issued a 35-page opinion, Flatow v. Islamic Republic of Iran (1998), awarding a total of $20 million in compensatory damages as well as punitive damages, with both types of damages specifically authorized by the U.S. Congress…. In all, sixteen cases were decided against Iran by courts in the United States between 1998 and 2004, with awards of compensatory damages totaling some $400 million and punitive damages totaling $3.5 billion. Of course, the problem faced by each victorious plaintiff was collecting the judgment. Stephen Flatow, after unsuccessfully seeking to have the damages paid out of various Iranian assets held in the United States, learned of the $400 million in the FMS fund. The Clinton administration had supported the legislation that allowed suits such as Flatow's, but then strenuously opposed any effort to have the judgments satisfied from that fund.
In other words, the money was spoken for before the Obama administration elected to transfer it to the IRGC. It belonged, by the authorization of Congress and the decision of Federal courts, to victims of terrorism sponsored by the Iranian government. Iran owes them all that money, and a great deal more.
The Obama administration has not rethought its position on sending Iran more and more money, whatever the law may say. The State Department been busy recently trying to drum up investment for Iran instead. Secretary of State John F. Kerry has been telling unlikely stories about the sanctions still in place on Iran in order to try to convince bankers to send Iran even more cash. On this question, it should be noted by anyone thinking of investing, the State Department and the Treasury are very much at odds.
Once again, it seems as if neither the law nor the American interest are of great concern to this administration. When Iran is involved, at least, both the law and our national interests are always set aside.
A matchup of young flyweight talents is set for UFC Fight Night 126, as Ray Borg will square off against Brandon Moreno in Austin on Feb. 18.The Las Vegas-based promotion announced the pairing on Friday. UFC Fight Night 126 takes place at the Frank Erwin Center and is expected to air on Fox Sports 1 following early prelims on UFC Fight Pass. Borg vs. Moreno is the first bout to be revealed for the event.Borg, 24, came up short in a title bid at UFC 216, as he was submitted by a spectacular Demetrious Johnson armbar at the 3:16 mark of round five. Prior to that, the Jackson-Wink MMA product had won five of his previous six Octagon appearances.The 23-year-old Moreno had an 11-fight winning streak snapped at UFC Fight Night 114 on Aug. 5, when he suffered a unanimous decision defeat to Sergio Pettis . “The Assassin Baby” began his promotional tenure with triumphs over Dustin Ortiz Ryan Benoit and Louis Smolka
Sonny Singh is an original member of the acclaimed Brooklyn Bhangra band Red Baraat. Sonny has worked as a community organizer in various capacities, including for the Sikh Coalition, and he writes and leads workshops on race, religion, and social justice. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
Three years ago, British Sikh photographers Amit Amin and Naroop Jhooti began noticing that beards had become a popular fashion statement among hip Londoners. That got them thinking about Sikh men, for whom facial hair isn't merely a fad. For the next year and a half, they photographed 36 Sikhs of all ages and occupations, including a boxer, a magician, a watchmaker, and a filmmaker, for their series, “The Singh Project.” Their studio photographs highlighted the distinct ways they wore their turbans and beards, both ancient signifiers of Sikh identity.
“They were purposefully captured in a uniform way to make the subjects the focal point of the photograph. Also, we had never seen stylized, studio portraits of Sikhs, so that influenced our approach,” they said via email.
This year, with support from the Sikh Coalition, Amin and Jhooti expanded their project to the United States, photographing 38 American Sikh men and, for the first time, women. While these portraits, like their British counterparts, showcase unique personalities, Amin and Jhooti also want them to serve as a reproach to prejudice against Sikhs here, which became pronounced after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
“We obviously want to break the ignorant stereotypes made in the U.S. that all Sikhs look like terrorists. Even writing those words makes us angry. In this day and age, with all the technology, information and resources available to us, for someone to still make that assumption is unbelievable. But yet it happens. It's shocking,” they said.
Ishprit Kaur is a new nursing school graduate in Connecticut. She was inspired to go into this field because her mother is also in the profession and because her father is battling Parkinson's disease. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
Sat Hari Singh (aka Kevin Harrington) was an MTA train operator on 9/11 when he heroically reversed the train, sending it in the opposite direction, which saved lives and won him an award. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
Harpreet Kaur works as a producer at Maryland Public Television and is the founder of Sach Productions, a media organization that aims to create films that bring minority issues into the mainstream media. She was the first Sikh local news reporter in the Washington metropolitan area. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
Waris Singh Ahluwalia is an actor, designer, and model based in New York City. Waris was kicked off an Aeroméxico flight in February for his Sikh articles of faith. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
The people they've photographed have all faced abuse of some sort for being Sikhs in America, Amin and Jhooti said, but they've remained true to their beliefs and heritage through it all. For that, they say, they should be admired.
“We hope people will realize Sikhs are just like everyone else. When people see a Sikh they shouldn't turn in fear, but run towards them, for they have been raised with the ideals of equality, service and protection. They are hard-working, loyal individuals who want to add value to society, not destroy it,” they said.
From Sept. 17–25, the Sikh Coalition will present Amin and Jhooti's American portraits in a free exhibition titled “The Sikh Project” at 530 Broadway in New York City.
Lathan Dennis-Singh is a retired engineer. He was born in Kingston, Jamaica, and was good friends with Bob Marley. He converted to Sikhism more than 48 years ago at his college in Michigan and has been living in Fairfax, Virginia, for nearly three decades. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
Ravinder Singh Bhalla is an attorney, civil rights activist, and public official. He became the first Sikh elected official in New Jersey history when he won election to the Hoboken City Council. Ravinder has been serving for eight years, with two as Hoboken City Council president. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
Harmandeep Singh is a high school senior at Hillcrest High School in New York City. A recent immigrant from Punjab, India he joined the Sikh Coalition's Junior Sikh Coalition to help raise Sikh awareness while developing new leadership skills. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
Japjee Singh was bullied mercilessly for years in DeKalb County, Georgia. He courageously spoke out, and his family contacted the Sikh Coalition. In 2014, the Department of Justice settled a landmark case with DeKalb County school system, better protecting more than 100,000 kids from bullying. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
Maj. Kamaljeet Singh Kalsi was born in India and moved to New Jersey when he was 2. He was the only Sikh child in his public school, and he went on to become the first Sikh American to be granted religious accommodation to serve in the U.S. military since the ban on Sikhs in the 1980s. Today, despite his accommodation, the presumptive ban still remains against Sikh Americans who wish to serve in the armed forces, and Kalsi continues to work toward ending religious discrimination in the military. Amit and Naroop/The Sikh Coalition
Developing a severe infection during pregnancy increases the risk of having a child with autism, according to several large epidemiological studies. But pregnant women commonly become ill, and only a small fraction go on to have a child with autism.
A new meta-analysis of 15 studies reveals that an infection during pregnancy increases the risk of autism in children by 12 percent on average. This is on par with previous estimates from individual studies.
The analysis also suggests that the type, timing, site and severity of an infection can alter its impact on autism risk. The results, published 7 June in Brain, Behavior, and Immunity, are based on data from nearly 4.6 million children, more than 46,000 of whom have autism1.
For example, when the researchers restricted their analysis to infections that require hospitalization, they found that autism risk is 30 percent greater than the risk in the general population.
They also found that an illness during the second or third trimester boosts the risk of autism by 13 to 14 percent. Infection during the first trimester doesn't have a significant impact on autism risk.
The type of pathogen can also affect risk. Bacteria, parasites, fungi and unknown pathogens increase autism risk in children by 18 percent or more. Viral illnesses don't influence autism risk, according to the analysis. This is in contrast to previous studies, which suggested having influenza during pregnancy increases autism risk by two to threefold.
Finally, the researchers looked at the location of infection. Those that affect the genitals, urinary tract and skin are linked to autism, and those within the digestive or respiratory systems are not.
The researchers offer possible explanations for this finding. Infections of the genitals, urinary tract and skin tend to be bacterial rather than viral, for instance. It is also possible that the proximity of genital and urinary tract infections to the womb adversely affects fetal development. Skin infections, on the other hand, may signal an underlying problem with the immune system, which may separately influence autism risk.
See the complete infographic.
Dockless Bikeshare is set to begin Thursday in Silver Spring, after the Montgomery County Department of Transportation signed agreements with Ofo and Limebike. Montgomery County is the first suburban jurisdiction in the country to have a Dockless Bikeshare system.
According to the press release sent by MCDOT, Limebike will position 240 bikes tonight and will be activated for service on Thursday, October 26. Ofo will place 100 bikes Thursday night that will be activated for service on Friday, October 27, and expanding to 1,000 bikes over the next 4 weeks.
Mobike was the first of the Dockless Bikeshare companies to sign an agreement with MCDOT, with service expected to begin soon. The agreement was announced in a ceremony earlier this month which also announced the Spring Street Protected Bike Lane.
Unlike the Capital Bikeshare system currently available, which requires fixed bike docking stations, Mobike users pick up, ride and then park a bike wherever it's convenient for them.
Each bike is equipped with built-in GPS and smart-lock technology that allows the user to unlock it via a QR code. Riders download the Mobike app to register, locate a nearby bike via the app and GPS, unlock it, park it in a legal area at their destination, and lock it for the next user.
Montgomery County's agreement with Dockless Bikeshare companies is part of a demonstration project to test the concept. Feedback about the program or about a specific company can be sent by email to [email protected], by contacting MC311 either online or by calling 311 from within Montgomery County or 240-777-0311 from outside the County, Monday through Friday from 7 am to 7pm. Or, follow MC311 on Twitter @311MC311.
Follow Source of the Spring on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Sign up for our free Weekly Newsletter here. Submit events to our Community Events Calendar here. Please send tips and questions through our News Tips form, or email [email protected]
Learn how to support Source of the Spring here.
See something around town? Tag your photos on Twitter & Instagram with #SourceShots.
It was an ordinary day in the Medler household. Lunchtime rolled around, and Joe, his wife, and their 14-month-old son, sat down to eat around the kitchen table. As soon as their young son took a bite from a veggie burger, hives, vomiting and a struggle to breathe ensued. Their next stop was the emergency room, and life for this young family, like many others, was forever altered. I know how well an allergic reaction can change your family's landscape from calm seas to a virtual tsunami in an instant. Joe's son was subsequently diagnosed with anaphylactic allergy to sesame.
Sesame allergies are on the rise in the United States and elsewhere in the world. Sesame is present in many common foods and spices. Reading the labels and avoiding those foods and spices will not safeguard a sesame allergic person in the United States. It is mandatory for sesame to be listed on food labels in the European Union, Australia/New Zealand and Canada. Here in the United States, sesame is not a part of the top eight allergen list, so it does not have to be listed as an ingredient, even if it's in the food.
As a parent who has a child with an anaphylactic allergy, I have no choice but to learn how to read and decipher labels. I often compare myself to a detective when it comes to purchasing safe food for my family. I walk the aisles of the supermarket for hours, trying to ferret out which products may contain peanuts, my son's poison. Food manufacturers in the United States must list peanuts if it is an ingredient, as it is one of the top eight allergens. But since sesame is not on this list, for the Medler family, and many other American families who have a sesame allergy, shopping for food is even more daunting and terrifying. Detection of sesame is not so simple. It is often not listed and hidden under other names. The inherent danger lies in the ability of food manufacturers to list the addition of sesame to their products under the guise of natural flavoring, spices, or tahini. Living with a food allergy is hard enough, but when there is not transparency in the listing of ingredients in food products, it becomes much more difficult.
Would it be a great cost to food manufacturers to list sesame as an ingredient on the labeling when it is in the food? Why does the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) have to enforce food companies to simply list what ingredients are in food? Why is it buyer beware of hidden ingredients? Why don't the food manufacturers do this voluntarily to protect vulnerable consumers? These are excellent questions with no acceptable answers as far as the public consumer is concerned.
World renowned professors of Pediatrics, Allergy and Immunology at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Dr. Scott Sicherer and Dr. Hugh Sampson who have researched the prevalence of food allergies, including sesame, are among those who have signed their names on a CPSI (Center for Science In the Public Interest) citizens petition currently under consideration (since November 2014) on the FDA docket that would require labeling of sesame in a manner similar to labeling requirements of the other top eight allergens. Comments on the site are still being considered, as the FDA goes through the decision process. I would be remiss not to tell you that, even if sesame was to be mandatorily labeled, it will still be challenging to shop safely. This is because food made in a facility with any allergen, or on the same equipment of any allergen, can be dangerous and this type of labeling is also voluntary.
I believe all consumers have a right to know what is in their food, so they can make informed choices for their families. For food allergic families, a lack of disclosure puts our children at risk for fatal attacks. Food allergic families need this information so we, or our well-intentioned friends, families and schools, don't buy something that has a surreptitious ingredient in it that can kill.
FBI Faulted For Overstating Science In Anthrax Case
toggle caption Stephen Jaffe/AFP/Getty Images
The scientific evidence alone is not enough to prove that microbiologist Bruce Ivins was the perpetrator of the anthrax attacks that killed five people in 2001, according to an independent review panel.
The panel of scientists was convened by the National Research Council of the National Academies to review the science that the FBI used in its investigation into the attacks.
Starting a week after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, letters containing anthrax bacterial spores were mailed to NBC News and the New York Post. Letters were also sent to the offices of then-Sen. Tom Daschle and Sen. Patrick Leahy.
After the attacks, the FBI created the "Amerithrax Task Force" to conduct an investigation that the FBI has called "one of the largest and most complex in the history of law enforcement."
Key Findings From The Report The FBI correctly identified the dominant organism found in the letters as the Ames strain of Bacillus anthracis.
Spores in the mailed letters and in a flask found at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute for Infectious Diseases share a number of genetic similarities consistent with the FBI finding that the spores in the letters were derived from that flask. However, the committee found that other possible explanations for the similarities — such as independent, parallel evolution — were not definitively explored during the investigation.
The flask, identified by the U.S. Department of Justice as the "parent material" for the anthrax in the attack letters, was not the immediate source of spores used in the letters. The FBI noted that one or more derivative growth steps would have been required to produce the anthrax in the attack letters. Furthermore, the contents of the New York and Washington letters had different physical properties.
The FBI's scientific data did provide leads as to the origin of anthrax spores in the letters, the committee found; however, the data did not rule out other possible sources. The committee recommended that realistic expectations and limitations regarding the use of forensic science need to be clearly communicated to the public.
During the next seven years, the task force expended more than 600,000 investigator work hours, interviewing thousands of witnesses on six continents and evaluating a mountain of evidence. In the end, however, the agency's case against Ivins was largely circumstantial.
Ivins killed himself in July 2008, just as the Justice Department was about to formally indict him.
Before his death, Ivins was a microbiologist and researcher at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases, the federal facility that develops countermeasures for potential biological weapons agents.
The evidence gathered against him confirms that there were anthrax spores in Ivins' laboratory, and Ivins made a series of unusual, after-hours visits to his lab just before the attacks occurred. But no one reported seeing him mail the letters; no one said they saw him prepare the anthrax spores found in the letters; and no one could provide a clear motive for why he would carry out such an attack.
The FBI and Justice Department have maintained that a scientific analysis of the particular batch of anthrax spores found in the letters and the spores found in a flask in Ivins' lab showed that they were identical.
But after carefully reviewing the evidence, the committee of independent scientists convened by the National Research Council concluded that it was not possible to rule out other sources for the anthrax.
"Although the scientific evidence was supportive of a link between the letters and that flask, it did not definitively demonstrate such a relationship, for a number of reasons," said Dr. David Relman, a bioterrorism expert at Stanford University School of Medicine who served as vice chair of the review committee. "Our overarching finding was that it is not possible to reach a definitive conclusion about the origins of the B. anthracis in the mailings based on the available scientific evidence alone."
The expert panel also disputed the FBI's claim that Ivins was the only person with the specialized knowledge needed to prepare the spores that were used in the attack.
The committee was not asked, and did not attempt to determine, whether Ivins was indeed the perpetrator of the attacks. As the National Academies' website notes, "The new report is limited to an evaluation of the scientific evidence and does not assess the guilt or innocence of anyone connected to the case."
In a written response to the findings, the FBI and Justice Department said, "The FBI has long maintained that while science played a significant role, it was the totality of the investigative process that determined the outcome of the anthrax case."
Full details of tomorrow's big PS4 update: PC Remote Play, online notifications, scheduled events and more
Our next major system software update for PS4, version 3.50 (codenamed MUSASHI), is out tomorrow! For those of you participating in the beta, we hope you are enjoying the new features and thank you for your ongoing feedback. While we outlined some of the features last month before our beta program started, we wanted to give a more detailed look at the update and share some new info. With 3.50 it is now easier to play together with friends through new ways to connect, improvements to existing features and the user journey.
Appear Offline
On your Profile tab, Quick Menu and login screen, we've added a new option called ‘Online Status.' From here, you can choose to ‘Appear Offline.' This could be useful if, for example, you want to fully concentrate on your game or watch a movie without interruption. You will remain ‘offline' until you chose to change your setting. Don't forget to turn it back on to fully experience your PS4.
Friend Online Notification
Now you can choose to get notified when your friends come online. To receive notifications, access your Friends profile, press Options, and select ‘Notify When Online.' For quick management of your entire Friends list choose to ‘Select All' or ‘Deselect All' of your friends via Settings > Notifications.
User Scheduled Event
On the Events tab, we're adding the ability to schedule gameplay sessions with your friends. Just select ‘Create Event,' and you'll be able to make an invitation for an upcoming gameplay session. Choose the day, time, game, and send it to individual friends or a Group. When your event starts, users who registered will automatically be added to a Party so you can start playing right away.
You can also share an event to a Community. Once shared, the event will be posted to the Community wall and members can register from there.
User Scheduled Events can also be created in the PS App.
Play Together
This feature allows all members of a Party to see what each person is playing so that you can easily join a friend's game, or start a new game together.
Remote Play (PC and Mac)
With this update, we're expanding PS4's Remote Play capabilities to work with PC and Mac giving you more freedom and flexibility to play your PS4.
Remote Play on Mac / PC is compatible with the following system software:
Windows 8.1
Windows 10 or later
OS X 10.10
OS X 10.11
You'll be able to select from the following resolution and frame rate options, depending on your Internet bandwidth.
Resolution options: 360p, 540p, 720p
Default resolution – 540p
Frame rate : Standard (30fps), High (60fps)
Default frame rate – Standard (30fps)
You can use one DUALSHOCK 4 as the controller for Remote Play, which needs to be connected via a USB cable.
Download the Remote Play app to your PC or Mac here.
Broadcast
You now have the option to broadcast to Dailymotion.
Social Improvements
Share your friends' best moments to your feed for everyone to see…spread the glory. You can also tag players when you Share videos and screenshots to Facebook and Twitter, make sure your friends don't miss out on any of your great gaming moments – tag 'em!
PSN Status
To quickly check the status of the PlayStation Network Services, you can view this via Settings > Network.
Teen Account Creation
Teens (aged 13 – 17 years) can now create their own account and start playing in offline mode until parents approve the account and complete the parental control set up at their leisure.
PlayStation Plus Hub
Plus members can now enjoy easy access and management of their online storage. You can also see from your PS Plus Games which of your friends also play your monthly Plus games.
PS App
System software update 3.50 for the PlayStation App is also out tomorrow. This update offers PS App users some of the same great new features outlined above. Enjoy PS4 and PlayStation experience more easily and more conveniently, anytime, anywhere.
PS App main additional features.
User Scheduled Event – Users can schedule gameplay sessions with your friends.
Dailymotion has been added to Live from PlayStation.
Other players' shared activities appear in your activities.
That's a look at some of the big additions in this update. Of course, there are lots of other refinements and improvements to the system software overall. Download it tomorrow, and enjoy!
I read an interview with Steven Spielberg years ago that asked the reason for his incredible success. His reply was surprisingly simple: he had never lost his sense of childlike wonder. He could still be excited by a haunted house or thrilled by the idea of a dinosaur.
If hanging on to our childhood is the secret to creativity, how do you rate?
When we were young we often expected more of ourselves and demanded more of others. We had a vision of what we wanted to be, and to meet it we set our own standards of acceptable conduct. No fries except on Saturday; no wearing out-of-style clothes even when you're just hanging out with friends. But then everyone aged and along the way, some things changed. We became more mature and realized that beauty was “not as important” as it once seemed. Our ideals were no longer seen to be practical, and high standards no longer realistic. As Dan Hill used to sing, “Freedom takes on new meaning when you've got a family of five.”
But in reality, did the ideals become less practical, or did we just become less idealistic? Did we become wiser or did we become lazy?
With each passing day and year, we so easily gain weight, become less fashionable, and then realize through “the wisdom that comes with age” that beauty was only skin deep after all, and that we had been shallow to be so concerned. And so the cycle continues. We become more realistic, and let some standards slide. We realize we're not going to be rock stars or heroes, and so we stop trying. We discover we won't reach our goals, and so we stop stretching. And tragically, we forget about when we were all beauties and rock stars and artists and stuff. We were all capable of great things. In fact, at times we were all even doing great things. Until we got smarter. And older. And heavier.
Truth is, sadly, we're often not growing older; we're just growing old. And yes, you're right, we can't stay young forever. But we can be young again. And again and again.
When was the last time you pressed your hand over your mouth to keep from bursting out in peals of laughter? If you're under 20 it was probably in the last week. If you're over 40 you probably can't remember.
When was the last time you stood in the rain and looked up at the sky as the drops hit your face and streamed down your neck? When was the last time you caught snowflakes on your tongue, or watched a caterpillar on a leaf? When was the last time you jumped with both feet into a rain puddle? Is there really any reason we can't find magic in a bit of muddy water any more?
So tell me, why don't you jump with both feet into puddles any more?
Why don't you jump with both feet into anything any more?
Operation Fortitude: Immigration, Australian Border Force apologise for media release that triggered Melbourne protests
Updated
The heads of the Immigration and Australian Border Force (ABF) departments have apologised for their role in the botched Operation Fortitude, which triggered public outcry and protests in Melbourne.
The joint operation in August was cancelled just hours after Border Force issued a media statement suggesting its officers would be on the streets cracking down on visa fraud.
Department chief Mike Pezzullo told Senate estimates that the ABF had since conducted a comprehensive review of its media procedures and several officers had been formally counselled.
"It is clear that the media release issued that morning was very badly worded and gave rise to the impression that the ABF has general powers of questioning people in the street," he said.
"It does not, and I apologise for the impression that was wrongly created.
"We certainly don't rely on racial profiling at all."
ABF commissioner Roman Quaedvlieg initially described the media release as "clumsily worded", but today conceded it was factually wrong.
"Unfortunately in the case of Operation Fortitude, the ABF issued a complementary media release which was factually wrong in describing its role," he said.
"This resulted in public confusion, concern and distress, for which I apologise."
Media release sparked outrage, forced ABF to clarify on Twitter
Operation Fortitude was a joint operation announced by Victoria Police on August 28, targeting anti-social behaviour in the Melbourne CBD, particularly around the public transport network.
The ABF issued its own media release on the day, saying officers would be positioned at various locations around the city and would speak "with any individual we cross paths with".
The statement sparked public outrage and protests in Melbourne, forcing the ABF to issue another release clarifying "the ABF does not and will not stop people at random in the streets ... the ABF does not target of the basis of race, religion, or ethnicity".
Hours later, the operation was cancelled by Victoria Police.
Commissioner Quaedvlieg gave further details about the role the ABF was going to play, telling senators that six officers were to be stationed at the Flinders Street and Southern Cross taxi ranks, dealing with any cases referred to them by police.
"Where there was an issue that arose in relation to a question about an immigration issue, we would then be called forward and we would take that referral and make an appropriate assessment," he said.
"My anticipated workload for those officers would have been probably no more than half a dozen inquiries over the course of each evening."
Mr Pezzullo told senators the ABF had no power to stop and randomly question people and strongly rejected suggestions of racial profiling.
"We certainly don't rely on racial profiling at all," he said.
"Australia is a multicultural society, it would be a slippery slope to start to assume someone is a non-citizen.
"I've got an Italian surname with two zeds in my name and I would be greatly offended if someone simply, without any cause or reasonable suspicion, started to ask me about my lawful status in this country."
Mr Pezzullo said he and Commissioner Quaedvlieg took full responsibility for the incident and while several officers had been counselled, he was not going to "throw them under a bus".
Topics: community-and-society, immigration, government-and-politics, federal-government, melbourne-3000, australia
First posted
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sochi was given a lavish makeover for the Winter Olympics
Russia's efforts to reduce its reliance on trade with the West overshadowed a high-profile meeting between President Vladimir Putin and foreign correspondents in Sochi.
The annual "Valdai Club" meeting took place at the Black Sea resort which hosted this year's Winter Olympics. It was also meant to be the venue for a G8 summit this year - but that was cancelled because of the Ukraine crisis and sanctions against Russia.
"I'm not sorry the G8 didn't happen," one senior Russian official told us, not entirely convincingly. "In any case, now we have this asset to use in the best interests of Russia."
Appearances can be deceptive, though. The architectural legacy of this most expensive of Winter Games may look like an Olympic white elephant.
But in fact, we were told, most hotels are already fully booked for the upcoming winter ski season. Forget Switzerland. A New Year party in Sochi is, it seems, the latest hot ticket for the loyal elite of Mr Putin's new Russia.
For it is not foreign visitors whom the Russian government is relying upon to recoup the astronomical costs of the Olympic extravaganza, but patriots with money who need to demonstrate their allegiance to the Kremlin.
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Putin lashed out at US foreign policy in his speech in Sochi
Image copyright AP Image caption The forum was used by the Kremlin to blame the West for the Ukraine crisis
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Putin's Orthodox faith helps to promote a patriotic stance defiant of Western values
It makes Sochi a good metaphor for one of President Putin's favourite themes at the moment: that Russia should not rely on outsiders any more - the only way it will grow stronger is by reducing its exposure to outside influence and drawing on its own resources to solve problems.
New restrictions
Thus, months before the Ukraine crisis, Russian officials with a taste for foreign luxury were being told to close foreign bank accounts, repatriate assets, and bring their families back to Russia.
No wonder Russian officials shrugged at US and EU blacklists. They are already under instructions not to travel.
Image caption A sticker at an agricultural fair in Moscow says: "Stavropol's answer to sanctions"
No wonder the Russian government imposed a ban on food imports from EU countries. Patriotic Russians these days are supposed to spurn continental cheese and yoghurt, to support their own dairy industry.
A series of senior Russian officials who came to talk to us in our mountain eyrie tried hard to argue that Western sanctions - far from being a blow - were really an opportunity.
Yes, they admitted, there had been some pain, especially in Russia's financial sector (foreign currency loans which are increasingly hard to service, billions lost in capital flight, plunging rates for the rouble), and especially with a budget squeezed by almost zero growth and falling oil prices.
But from the president down, the litany was the same: sanctions will only make Russia more determined and more resilient.
'Crimea is closed'
"The topic of Crimea is closed," said one official. "You in the West may not accept it for a hundred years. But we are patient. Our dispute with Japan over the Kurile Islands has continued for decades. Crimea is a closed subject."
Russia annexed Ukraine's Crimea peninsula in March, triggering Western sanctions, which have become tougher since then.
"Whenever problems come from abroad, it unites the Russian people around their leader," said another official.
And if the Americans thought sanctions would isolate Russia, they were wrong, argued Mr Putin. Russia would simply turn to China and other Asian partners. Plus, reluctant Europeans eager to restart trade with Russia would surely soon come to their senses.
Image copyright EPA Image caption This year Russia and China signed a historic 30-year gas deal worth $400bn (£248bn)
"The worst thing that could happen to Russia right now is for sanctions to be lifted quickly," was the astonishing claim of one top figure, an economist who used to advocate Russian integration with the rest of the world.
Now he says: "We are no longer looking for foreign investment."
He said he was studying how China had turned to its advantage the sanctions imposed after the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown, so that it exploded onto the world with double-digit growth less than two decades later. And how Russia had made its comeback after defaulting on its debts in 1998.
Several officials insisted to us that the inner circle around Mr Putin was utterly united. But their nervous protestations suggested the opposite.
Anaemic economy
We also heard that a battle was under way over what to do about Russia's worrying economic situation.
One idea, apparently, is to open up Russia's beleaguered small business sector, to try to stimulate the economy from below.
That sounds unlikely to work, given that a recent report concluded that less than 4% of Russia's small businesses survive longer than three years, so burdened are they by bureaucracy and corruption.
Another competing plan - which sounds equally unrealistic - is apparently to seek to drive modernisation from above, through mega infrastructure projects financed by the state. They are to be carried out, Soviet-style, on a wave of national fervour and enthusiasm.
Image copyright AP Image caption The rouble has tumbled, reflecting the impact of international sanctions and wilting foreign investment
"Russia has made its choice," Mr Putin told us, "To make the economy better we will consolidate society around patriotism and traditional values."
There are also, it seems, fierce debates at the top about whether Russia should try to repair its relations with Europe (though not with the United States), or focus instead on Asian ties to develop the Far East and Siberia.
One official hotly resisted a thesis he said was being aired in top circles that Russia was not part of Europe and could turn its back on it.
"Total gibberish," he said. "I will not let that happen. A common space from Lisbon to Vladivostok is still of benefit to all. Russia will always be part of Europe."
But perhaps what was most extraordinary was the revelation from one top reformer that he had started studying accounts of earlier Communist attempts at economic modernisation, starting with the failed Kosygin reforms of the early 1960s.
When asked why he was looking at the now defunct Soviet system, instead of more contemporary global experience, he replied that it was Russia's own past that was most useful to understand how to go forward.
Soviet echoes
It was a potent reminder of a broader trend emerging in Putin's Russia, where official doctrine seems not only to be turning inward, but to be looking backward, particularly to the Soviet era.
Alongside the drama of the Ukrainian crisis, new steps are being enacted apparently designed to make Russia a more closed society. New laws have made it more difficult for charities to receive foreign funding.
Russians with dual citizenship have had to register their foreign passports. The internet, once a relatively open space in Russia, is now increasingly subject to control and regulation.
Education syllabuses focus more on Russian history and Russian culture. Any criticism of the president could lead to charges of treason on grounds of national security.
"An attack on Putin is an attack on Russia. Without Putin, there is no Russia," one Kremlin official told us.
The remark caused a flurry when it was subsequently leaked to the Russian media, with its implication that Mr Putin is now president for life, and the current regime could extend for decades.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Putin appears often on TV surrounded by the trappings of Kremlin power
One Valdai questioner tried to challenge Mr Putin on this, asking why he felt it made Russia safer to turn in on itself and become less open and democratic.
Mr Putin turned the blame instead on the Americans.
"We do not want to close the door to anyone. It's your leaders saying 'we will punish Russia' who is the problem. But they won't succeed in isolating us," he said, leaving the question unanswered.
Meanwhile, in quiet conversations at meals, a range of Russians expressed their unease about where all this might be heading. Some feared a return to the Soviet days of restrictions on foreign travel.
One or two said they were not planning to stay in Russia. Others said it would be difficult to leave, and anyway they did not want to give up on their country.
But across the board, most seemed to agree that Russia could be entering a grim, dark period.
flickr / Steve Snodgrass The sell-off in government bonds has gone completely global as concerns over Federal Reserve tapering of monetary stimulus infect the market.
Everywhere this morning, bond yields are up huge as investors dump sovereign debt.
In the United States, the 10-year yield is up 6 basis points to 2.26%, its highest level in over a year.
In the eurozone, French 10-year yields are up 5 basis points to 2.23%, Germany is up 3 basis points to 1.63%, Italy is up 15 basis points to 4.43%, and Spain is up 14 basis points to 4.471%.
Portuguese 10-year yields are up 37 basis points to 6.49%, and Greek yields are up 93 basis points to 10.28%.
Elsewhere in the developed world, the Japanese 10-year yield is up 5 basis points to 0.88%, Canada is up 5 basis points to 2.25%, Australia is up 11 basis points to 3.40%, and Switzerland is up 10 basis points to 0.84%.
Moving to emerging markets, Brazilian 10-year yields are up 14 basis points to 4.03% Mexico is up 14 basis points to 3.46%, Russia is up 15 basis points to 3.90%, and Turkey is up 31 basis points to 4.53%.
Treasuries and emerging market bonds have been selling off in recent sessions, but today, it definitely looks like the purge is accelerating.
Meanwhile, stocks are selling off globally as well. The Japanese Nikkei closed down 1.5% overnight following the latest Bank of Japan policy meeting.
In Europe, stocks have been heading lower all morning and most are trading near their lows of the day. Spain is down 2.7%, and Italy is down 1.7%. France is down 1.9%, and Germany is down 1.7%.
"Stocks across [Europe] are taking a shellacking to the tune of around 2% as rising German bund yields prompt accelerated losses for government bonds around the periphery," says Miller Tabak Chief Economic Strategist Miller Tabak in an email this morning. "Yields on Spanish and Italian debt are rising to the highest in six weeks. The loss of last week's lows for equity markets is all too much to bear in most cases and the resilient tone appears to have been snapped like a twig."
Commodities are getting hit, too. WTI crude oil is down 1.3%, while Brent crude is down 1.5%, and NYMEX gasoline is down 1.3%., Gold is 1.2% lower, silver is down 1.5%, and platinum is down 1.3%. Agricultural commodities are all in the red with the exception of corn and soybeans, which are both flat.
In the United States, S&P 500 futures point to an open down 0.9%.
Meanwhile, the U.S. dollar is 1.9% lower against the Japanese yen, and the euro is down 0.1% against the dollar.
China burns almost as much coal as the rest of the world combined, the US Energy Information Administration (EIA) has reported. China's coal use is poised to continue rising, despite the country's rapidly deteriorating environment, experts predicted.
­The latest EIA report revealed that China's coal consumption grew more than 9 percent in 2011, continuing its upward trend for a 12th consecutive year. Since 2000, the country has accounted for more than 80 percent of the global increase in coal use, the EIA reported. China currently accounts for 47 percent of global coal consumption, nearly totaling the rest of the world combined.
Image from eia.gov
Coal remains the most widely used energy source in China due to its low cost – the country is the largest user of coal electricity in the world. Along with its own vast coal resources – about 114 billion tons produced as of 2011 according to the World Coal Association – China also imports large quantities of coal, since the country's coal-mining regions are often far from the areas where it is in demand. "The Asian market is the fastest-growing coal market in the world," Brookings Institution energy analyst Charles Ebinger told Mother Jones magazine.
China's heavy use of coal is believed to be one of the reasons the capital Beijing recently witnessed its worst air pollution in years. For two weeks, Beijing's air was labeled worse than “very unhealthy” and “hazardous.” Authorities have closed 103 factories and taken 30 percent of government vehicles off the roads, but with little effect.
Air pollution in China hit a record high earlier this month: 30 to 45 times above recommended safety levels. Beijing itself became blanketed in a thick, toxic cloud that grounded flights and forced people indoors.
Vehicles drive through the Guomao Bridge on a heavy haze day in Beijing's central business district January 29, 2013.(Reuters / Jason Lee)
The report is the highest-level acknowledgment to date of the hazardous air quality levels across much of China.
"We should take effective measures to speed up the enhancement of our industrial structure, push for energy conservation and build an ecological civilization," Chinese premier Wen Jiabao announced on state television.
However, the measures undertaken by the Chinese government do not include replacing coal production and consumption with more environmentally friendly sources of energy. Rather, the IEA predicted the opposite: Coal consumption will grow not only in China, but also in India and other developing economies, and this trend will prevail until clean energy prices can compete with coal.
China has been one of the major air polluters in the World. According to the EIA since 2000 the country's carbon dioxide emissions from burning coal have risen by nearly 170 percent. Since 2009 China has sped ahead of the US in polluting Earth's atmosphere
Notably, wind power recently surpassed nuclear power production in China, and is now the country's third-biggest source of electricity, second to hydropower, according to a recent report by the China Wind Energy Association.
Buildings and cars are pictured on a heavy hazy day during winter in Beijing's central business district, January 30, 2013.(Reuters / Jason Lee)
Visitors take pictures on Tiananmen Square during a foggy day in central Beijing, January 29, 2013.(Reuters / China Daily)
Summer Solstice
The summer solstice occurred today at 12:38 EDT. Can fall migration be far behind? The spring migration of 2015 was lackluster. Here is a wish for a positively eventful summer.
Boonton Reservoir
There were no storm-related birds at Boonton Reservoir this morning, nor were any expected.
The reservoir is a vast aquatic nursery at this time of year. The Island contains numerous Great Blue Heron and Double-crested Cormorant nests. Interestingly, 3 or more Great Egrets are seen flying into the center part of the island for the past few years.
The Cliff Swallows at the Rt. 202 bridge have a stable nesting population. As many as 20 individuals were counted in May. At least 10 nests are located underneath the bridge as viewed today.
Other Field Notes
The Yellow-breasted Chat of Lord Stirling Park continues as of yesterday (Jeff Ellerbusch).
Elsewhere, the typical nesting birds of the region and of the season are the only other bird news.
View local eBird checklists in the mocosocoBirds region via eBird's Region Explorer. Use the following links:
The eBird Hotspot Primer is here and can also be accessed via the Hotspot menu item on the mocosocoBirds.com website.
@mocosocoBirds at Twitter is another communications stream. Instant field reports and links of interest are tweeted throughout the day. The latest tweets appear on the sidebar of this page. One can follow mocosocoBirds at Twitter or link to @mocosocoBirds.
Finis
GR Proposal: replace "Chairman" with "Chair" throughout the Debian Constitution
To: debian-vote@lists.debian.org
Subject: GR Proposal: replace "Chairman" with "Chair" throughout the Debian Constitution
From: Margarita Manterola <marga@debian.org>
Date: Fri, 8 Jul 2016 15:27:56 +0200
Message-id: <[🔎] 20160708132755.GA7809@localhost>
The Debian Constitution is very well written, in a way that is almost completely ungendered. The only gendered word left is the Chairman of the Technical Committee. There is no reason for this position to be gendered. Ungendered alternatives for Chairman are Chair and Chairperson. While both work, Chair is simpler and shorter. I'm therefore proposing the following General Resolution: === BEGIN GR TEXT === Title: Replace "Chairman" with "Chair" throughout the Debian Constitution All appearances of the word Chairman shall be replaced with the word Chair. === END GR TEXT === This change can be applied by a simple sed command (s/Chairman/Chair/g). I'm attaching the diff between the current constitution document and the output of said sed command to make it explicit that no other changes are intended. -- Regards, Marga
--- constitution.wml 2016-02-25 08:03:04.000000000 +0100 +++ constitution.new.wml 2016-07-08 15:18:41.857474553 +0200 @@ -37,7 +37,7 @@ <li>The Project Leader;</li> - <li>The Technical Committee and/or its Chairman;</li> + <li>The Technical Committee and/or its Chair;</li> <li>The individual Developer working on a particular task;</li> @@ -69,7 +69,7 @@ <li> <p>A person may hold several posts, except that the Project Leader, - Project Secretary and the Chairman of the Technical Committee must + Project Secretary and the Chair of the Technical Committee must be distinct, and that the Leader cannot appoint themselves as their own Delegate.</p> </li> @@ -460,10 +460,10 @@ </li> <li> - <p>Appoint the Chairman of the Technical Committee.</p> + <p>Appoint the Chair of the Technical Committee.</p> <p> - The Chairman is elected by the Committee from its members. All + The Chair is elected by the Committee from its members. All members of the committee are automatically nominated; the committee votes starting one week before the post will become vacant (or immediately, if it is already too late). The members @@ -476,10 +476,10 @@ </li> <li> - <p>The Chairman can stand in for the Leader, together with the + <p>The Chair can stand in for the Leader, together with the Secretary</p> - <p>As detailed in §7.1(2), the Chairman of the Technical + <p>As detailed in §7.1(2), the Chair of the Technical Committee and the Project Secretary may together stand in for the Leader if there is no Leader.</p> </li> @@ -561,10 +561,10 @@ <li> <p>Details regarding voting</p> - <p>The Chairman has a casting vote. When the Technical Committee + <p>The Chair has a casting vote. When the Technical Committee votes whether to override a Developer who also happens to be a member of the Committee, that member may not vote (unless they are - the Chairman, in which case they may use only their casting + the Chair, in which case they may use only their casting vote).</p> </li> @@ -627,10 +627,10 @@ </li> <li> - <p>Can stand in for the Leader, together with the Chairman of the + <p>Can stand in for the Leader, together with the Chair of the Technical Committee.</p> - <p>If there is no Project Leader then the Chairman of the + <p>If there is no Project Leader then the Chair of the Technical Committee and the Project Secretary may by joint agreement make decisions if they consider it imperative to do so.</p> @@ -658,7 +658,7 @@ <p>If there is no Project Secretary or the current Secretary is unavailable and has not delegated authority for a decision then the -decision may be made or delegated by the Chairman of the Technical +decision may be made or delegated by the Chair of the Technical Committee, as Acting Secretary.</p> <p>The Project Secretary's term of office is 1 year, at which point @@ -671,7 +671,7 @@ Developers.</p> <p>When acting together to stand in for an absent Project Leader the -Chairman of the Technical Committee and the Project Secretary should +Chair of the Technical Committee and the Project Secretary should make decisions only when absolutely necessary and only when consistent with the consensus of the Developers.</p>
5 Exciting Monero Developments in 2018
A lot of top cryptocurrencies will roll out some major features in the coming weeks and months. In the case of Monero, a lot of exciting developments are on the horizon for 2018. Although there is no official timeline for some of these developments, certain features and integrations have been in development for several months. Below are some of the things to look forward to relating to Monero in 2018.
5. DARKNET ADOPTION
Although this is not something most people would necessarily agree with, darknet adoption will be a major catalyst for Monero. It is evident Bitcoin or any of the other supported cryptocurrencies make no sense for darknet use. The lack of fungibility, privacy, and anonymity make them all less suited for the darknet than one would expect. Monero checks all of the right boxes in this regard. If all darknet markets implement XMR support in 2018, things will get very interesting for this currency, to say the least.
4. MULTI SIGNATURE SUPPORT
The adoption of Monero as a top cryptocurrency will largely hinge on its implementation of multisignature support. This matters a lot to exchanges, brokers, and other service providers. Even darknet market operators prefer multisignature solutions for Monero over normal wallets. In fact, the lack of multisig has held back XMR adoption on the darknet, but that will come to change with the next client release. With the code now merged into the main branch, it is only a matter of time until Monero multisig becomes the new normal.
3. KOVRI
Depending on how one wants to look at things, Monero is either “private enough” or still need some improvement in this regard. The Kovri project is a major development, as it introduces I2P technology to Monero. This allows all transactions and communication over the protocol to adhere to the highest standard of anonymity. It is also an alternative to Tor, which will undoubtedly shake things up quite a bit.
Kovri will be the first C++ implementation of I2P technology through user-friendly interfaces. Additionally, it will help increase Monero's market value. Combined with RingCT – or RuffCT – technology, every transaction will have guaranteed confidentiality, privacy, and anonymity. Moreover, Kovri will have its own interface, which means you won't need Monero to use it. This is a very interesting development people have been looking forward to for quite some time now.
2. BULLETPROOFS
Although we have touched upon the concept of Monero bulletproofs before, it is important to reiterate how important this development is. It will reduce transaction fees and Monero's block size by up to 80%. This feature will be released in two stages, with the first stage implementation already living on the testnet. All of this will be provided without sacrificing privacy or anonymity, which only makes it more important to Monero.
1. HARDWARE WALLETS
When it comes to properly storing Monero, there is no hardware option available just yet. That situation will come to change in the future, as two different implementations are currently in development. Ledger has been working on XMR support for the Nano S over the past few months. There is also the community-funded Monero hardware wallet, which will hopefully be ready at some point in 2018. It is good to see hardware wallet support finally arrive for this popular currency.
welp, let me have early access to his brand new V4 Plushtrap model, and I must say, it looks pretty awesome, most accurate Plushtrap I've seen on the workshop so far, I really do like it tbh.a little detail if you look closely you can see that there are actually, a couple different spots on plushtrap and in the poster, featuring some spiders, just added in for affect, hope it looks goodand once again, kudos to for helping me out with some ideas to improve the poster, I think it came out better then I expected actuallyso, I hope you guys enjoyed the poster, hope you guys have a great day as always, see ya later guysmade in SFMedited in GIMPFive Nights at Freddy's 4 belongs to Scott Cawthon
BP embarked upon a high-risk "top kill" procedure using drilling mud last night to cap the catastrophic gush of oil in the Gulf of Mexico, as it faced fresh accusations of shortcuts in the hours before an explosion destroyed the Deepwater Horizon rig.
After hesitation by top BP executives as they analysed data from robot submarines at the site of the leak, and under intense pressure from the Obama administration, the US coastguard gave the go-ahead for the operation to pump a cocktail of mud and heavy fluid at high pressure into the Macondo well, 50 miles off the Louisiana shore.
Underwater TV cameras showed a live feed of oil billowing out while BP's heavy machinery moved into position. Chief executive Tony Hayward warned that the operation, never before attempted at a depth of 5,000 feet (1,500 metres), had only a 60% to 70% chance of success and could take several days. Barack Obama described the disaster as "heartbreaking" and expressed hope it would work. "If it's successful, and there's no guarantee, it should greatly reduce or eliminate the flow of oil now streaming into the Gulf from the sea floor," said the president.
After a boat trip to see the damage, Louisiana's governor, Bobby Jindal, displayed vivid photos showing that oil was killing cane plants along the state's offshore marshes, an area which he described as "the nursery of the gulf". "We've been fighting this oil nearly a month now, requesting resources. Too often, the response has been too little, too late," he said; absorbent booms to capture oil were becoming saturated. "We can't afford to wait another 24, or 48 hours."
The slick is estimated to cover 16,000 sq miles of ocean, It began on 20 April when an explosion and fire destroyed BP's rig, killing 11 people. Since then efforts by BP to stem the flow, first by placing a dome on top of the leak, have come to nothing.
David Summers, a professor at Missouri University of Science and Technology, said it would be clear within days whether the "top kill" procedure had worked. The method was straightforward and would have been started much earlier, were it not for the inaccessibility, he said: "It's relatively simple and been done many times before, but not at this depth."
In a massive operation, 22,000 people and 1,100 vessels are tackling the slick. BP's top executives are monitoring events from a control centre in Houston. But as investigations begin into the cause, BP is facing accusations of "short cuts" in the hours before the rig blew up.
In official hearings in New Orleans, several workers who survived raised questions about a decision shortly before the explosion in which rig bosses displaced heavy mud with salt water in the pipe rising from the seabed, potentially hampering the rig's ability to withstand pressure from the ocean depths.
At yesterday's hearings Truitt Crawford, a roustabout on the rig, told coastguard investigators: "I overheard upper management talking, saying that BP was taking shortcuts … this is why it blew out." Another witness, Doug Brown, chief mechanic on the rig, said there was a "skirmish" between a BP "company man", a driller and engineers: "The driller was outlining what would be taking place, whereupon the company man stood up and said 'no, we'll be having some changes to that'," Brown said.
A memo given to a congressional committee by BP reveals events as workers prepared to put a cement plug on the well in preparation for the rig to be moved. Two hours before the explosion, tests showed a buildup of pressure – and subsequent decisions to press ahead with the operation are under scrutiny. BP has pointed out that other firms were involved – it was leasing the rig from Transocean, which owned and operated it, while the US firm Halliburton was responsible for a cement plug.
A poll by CBS News found 70% disapproval of BP's handling, and 45% unhappy with the Obama administration's response. Interior secretary Ken Salazar described it as a "massive and potentially unprecedented environmental disaster", and BP would be liable for costs beyond a usual $75m (£52m) maximum liability for oil firms in clean-ups: "BP will be held accountable for costs of the government in responding to the spill and compensation for loss or damages."
As shrimpers, fishermen and tourism industry workers along the Louisiana coast see their livelihoods dwindle, BP has watched its share price slump by 28%, wiping $84bn off its market value. Some 1,200 vessels and 22,000 people are involved in the effort to temper the scale of the disaster.
The US agency overseeing oil companies is also under intense criticism. An official report found that the Minerals Management Service allowed staff at oil and gas firms to fill in inspection reports in pencil, with regulators later going over the answers in ink.
Mary Kendall, acting inspector general at the department of the interior, told a congressional committee yesterday that there were problems with "gift acceptance, fraternising with industry and pornography" at the agency. She suggested there was a problem with the closeness of ties between watchdogs and industry executives: "The individuals involved in the fraternising and gift exchange – both government and industry – have often known one another since childhood."
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko speaks to Ukrainians during the commemoration ceremony of Maidan activists who were killed on the Maidan during anti-government protests in 2014. Photo:EPA/BGNES
Ukraine's Minister of Energy and Coal Mining Vladimir Demshichin has announced that China will credit Ukraine with USD 3.6 B.
The financial aid will be provided for energy diversification projects and attempts to substitute natural gas with alternative sources, as announced by UNN news agency.
Modernizing of thermoelectric power plants, heating systems and a possible building of new gas station in Odessa are among the possible investment choices.
Meanwhile, the situation in Ukraine's Donetsk and Luhansk remains tense.
The Minsk ceasefire deal launched last Sunday has not been fully implemented, as a number of bombings followed. Ukrainian forces have retreated from some of the problematic regions.
However, tensions on political level remain, as Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko requested Thursday deployment of UN peacekeepers or EU police mission to assist in the peacekeeping operations. Russia has expressed its disagreement.
The issue will also stand in the center of attention at political talks to be held this Saturday between US Secretary of State John Kerry and his British counterpart Philip Hammond.
It has been a difficult time for newspapers. The industry has experienced serious challenges due to multiple factors going back at least to the early 1960s when the three major television networks began their extensive and widely popular evening news programs, with the likes of Walter Cronkite, Chet Huntley and David Brinkley.
Recent Setbacks
The rise of the Internet over the last two decades has posed a much larger challenge. More people were able to access more interactive news sources, including the Internet editions of major newspapers, nearly all of which were free in the beginning. Then there was Apple, with its ground-breaking iPad which made accessing news sources more user-friendly. Newspapers competed hard to design their own applications, which often required paid subscriptions. Of course, Ipad has competitors now and many newspapers have implemented paid firewalls for their Internet sites.
However, the Great Recession may have dealt the most important blow to the print edition. The collapse of the housing market brought a catastrophic decline in real estate and help wanted classified advertisements, a key source of revenues. Added to this was a drop in overall business, which also reduced advertising revenues.
Some large newspapers such as The Wall Street Journal,and The New York Times claim they have gained circulation. However, looking beneath the gross numbers provided by the Alliance for Audited Media, it is clear that virtually all of the gains are in online editions, while print editions continue to decline. Even the online gains may be overstated, because a print edition subscriber who is also an online edition subscriber gets counted twice for the same newspaper.
Smaller Press Runs
A review of the change in circulation in the nation's 20 largest newspapers since 1998 indicates the depth of the losses. The year 1998 is chosen because newspaper circulations remained at high levels and the losses to Internet editions and other media sources has not yet occurred.
From 1998 to 2013, the 20 largest newspapers lost more than 5 million of their 13.4 million weekday print subscribers, a loss of nearly four out of ten subscribers (39 percent). At the same time, there were substantial differences among the top 20 papers in their losses (Table).
Top 15 Newspapers in 1998: 1998-2013 Print Circulation Newspaper 1998 2013 % Change The Wall Street Journal 1,740 1,481 -14.9% USA Today 1,653 1,424 -13.8% The New York Times 1,067 731 -31.5% Los Angeles Times 1,068 433 -59.5% The Washington Post 759 431 -43.2% New York Post 438 409 -6.6% Chicago Tribune 673 368 -45.3% New York Daily News 723 360 -50.1% Arizona Republic 435 286 -34.3% Newsday (Long Island) 572 266 -53.5% Houston Chronicle 551 231 -58.0% Minneapolis Star Tribune 335 228 -32.0% The (Cleveland) Plain Dealer B. 382 216 -43.4% The Denver Post 342 214 -37.5% San Diego Union-Tribune 378 194 -48.7% The Dallas Morning News 480 191 -60.3% The Philadelphia Inquirer 429 185 -56.9% Chicago Sun-Times 486 185 -62.0% Newark Star-Ledger 407 180 -55.7% The Boston Globe 471 172 -63.5% Total 13,389 8,185 -38.9% In thousands Source: Alliance for Audited Media & predecessor
Losers and Catastrophic Losers
All of the newspapers lost subscribers, but some lost many more than others. The New York Post, a tabloid owned by Rupert Murdoch, posted the smallest loss, less than 30,000 of its 1998 subscriber base of 438,000.
USA Today, Gannett's unique national general-interest newspaper, experienced the second smallest loss, at 13.8 percent. USA Today, also the newest newspaper on the list (1982), is the nation's second-largest newspaper and fell from a circulation of 1.65 million in 1990 to 1.42 million in 2013.
Another Murdoch title, The Wall Street Journal, purchased in 2007, did a third-best in holding onto its print readership. The Journal retained its position as the largest daily newspaper in the nation, with circulation dropping from 1.74 million in 1998 to 1.48 million in 2013. This amounted to a small loss compared to other newspapers (14.9 percent). The 260,000 loss in actual subscribers was larger than the total current daily circulation of 10 of the top 20 US newspapers (such as the Houston Chronicleand The Boston Globe).
The nation's third largest newspaper, The New York Times, lost nearly one-third of its print circulation between 1998 and 2013. Even so, this was less than the loss rate of all but three newspapers (The New York Post, The Wall Street Journal and USA Today).
The largest relative circulation loss was atThe Boston Globe, which saw a departure of nearly two-thirds (63.5 percent) of its subscribers. This was more than double the losses by its owner, The New York Times.
Two other newspapers lost 60 percent or more of their readers between 1998 and 2013. The Chicago Sun-Times experienced a loss of 62 percent while The Dallas Morning News saw 60 percent of its subscribers flee. This huge loss is particularly notable, given that the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area is one of the fastest growing regions in the world. For example, in Phoenix, which has also grown very rapidly, theArizona Republic lost only one third of its readership, having taken advantage of the rapidly expanding market.
Perhaps most disastrous has been the decline at the Los Angeles Times. For more than two decades, the LA Times had been the nation's third or fourth largest newspaper, following The Wall Street Journal, USA Today and sometimes The New York Times. This ranking was not much changed in 2013, as the LA Times was the fourth largest newspaper.
However, over 15 years, the LA Times lost nearly 6 out of every 10 of its subscribers. In 1998, the LA Times had 1,000 more subscribers than The New York Times, at 1,088,000. By 2013, print subscriptions at LA Times had fallen to 433,000. Over the period, The New York Times managed to secure a stranglehold on third position, opening a nearly 300,000 subscriber lead over the LA Times. Should the losses at the LA Times continue at this rate, it could be passed by both The Washington Post and the New York Post within a couple of years (Figure).
In raw subscriber numbers, the LA Times losses were the most precipitous by far at 635,000, compared to second largest loss at the New York Daily News at 363,000. The Daily News continues a long slide, having been the nation's largest newspaper for decades to the 1970s. It is now the third-largest paper in the three paper New York City market, having been passed by the New York Post some time ago. The Daily News, however, still leads the suburban Newsdayand Newark Star-Ledger.
Even Bigger Losses
Some of the larger declines in newspaper circulation are not evident in the latest data. For example, The San Francisco Chronicle experienced a drop of 65 percent in its circulation from 1998 to 2012 (2013 data not available). The spectacular decline of Detroit's two metropolitan dailies has outstripped all of the others over a longer period of time. In the middle 1980s, the Detroit Free Press and the Detroit News each had circulations of approximately 650,000. By 2012, the Free Press had fallen to approximately 135,000 and the News to under 80,000. These drops were much larger than the city of Detroit's population loss. Now, the two papers offer home delivery only three days of the week (Thursday, Friday and Sunday), while subscribers are encouraged to use internet editions on other days.
Of course, over the last 15 years, a number of familiar titles have been closed, such as the Rocky Mountain News (Denver), the separate Atlanta Journal and Constitution (now combined as the Atlanta Journal-Constitution) and the Cincinnati Post. The Seattle Post-Intelligencer took the intermediate step of shutting down its print edition, but retaining an Internet edition, which has remained a strong presence online.
Where from Here?
There have been other changes as well. Virtually all of the US broadsheets (the wide, familiar print format) are now printed in more compact editions, having been reduced from approximately 15 inches wide to 12 or even 11 inches wide (28, 30.5 and 38 centimeters). There are international format changes, as well. The Times of London (weekday edition) converted from broadsheet to tabloid in 2004, while The Sydney Morning Herald and Melbourne's uniquely named The Age switched to tabloid format in March.
The communications business has changed over the past two decades. Newspapers have been trying to cope, but it seems unlikely that print editions will experience any resurgence. The open question is whether the newer online strategies will save them from oblivion, but that's hard to predict.
Wendell Cox is a Visiting Professor, Conservatoire National des Arts et Metiers, Paris and the author of “War on the Dream: How Anti-Sprawl Policy Threatens the Quality of Life.
Photo: Los Angeles Times headquarters courtesy of WikiCommons
Prime Minister Abbott has done something excellent for refugee politics in this country – he stopped the press releases about the boats. There are times when terrible people do great things by accident. This may be one of them, when a divisive and hardline PM institutes a policy that will remove a key contributor to anti-refugee and racist attitudes in the media.
There are many people already working hard to make sure we know how many boats are coming. I understand this approach. Abbott's core election platform was that he would ‘stop the boats', assisted by his 6 point plan, 3 star general and a healthy dose of fair dinkum-ness.
There is also nothing like being told you can't know something (for your own good) to make you absolutely certain that you must know it. Then again, what good ever came of knowing how many boats were coming here? Even when reports came out like the heartbreaking and gut wrenching reports of people drowning at sea, what changed in our response?
The logic of both major parties was the same even then; because some people drowned we had to make life more difficult for the survivors just to make sure even a desperate person wouldn't think that fleeing on a boat is a viable option.
Reporting on ‘irregular maritime arrivals' in the last few years has been used to stoke community fears and justify ever more repressive regimes. The running tally of boat arrivals, and deaths at sea gave us just enough information to know too little. Just like in the argument at a bar where the person who knows 3 facts wades in with more energy and righteousness than the person halfway through a PhD, this made the so called ‘refugee debate' ever more vicious and circular.
Information should flow freely, but we should be careful about what information we value, and what we might be missing by privileging it. We were only provided with some information; everything hung off the number of boats, which was itself assumed to be a daily referendum on the Government's immigration policy.
This information was provided without context, even if we were told the boat was from Sri Lanka there was no linking this information with what international news agencies and humanitarian agencies knew was happening there. The stories of those fleeing persecution were not told, reducing them to a number on a vessel (like a darker Three Men in a Boat).
We don't necessarily lose by not knowing day-by-day how many boats have arrived here, but it rankles because it's a cynical ploy by a government who campaigned on a platform of refugee scaremongering. A government who conjured a rising tide of economic migrants masquerading as asylum seekers to play to a deep racism they believed was somewhere out there in the voting public.
Despite the above, it is also the worst possible time to not know what is happening out there on the water, particularly considering the obscene ‘tow-back' scheme. Now more than ever there needs to be close scrutiny of Government policy and its implications for refugees and for our own society. This scrutiny requires knowing much more than just how many boats are coming, times like these call for fewer billboards and many more detailed briefings.
The absence of the boat tally might paradoxically make us more aware of the plight of people seeking asylum; in the absence of this single figure to ‘debate' there may be more room to talk more conscientiously about those seeking asylum in this country and our responsibility to them.
There are so many people out there working to tell us why some people get on boats and head towards Australia, and what this means in a regional and global context. They have far more to tell us on this subject than Scott Morrison ever will.
Kym Chapple is Sydney-based writer and former UN consultant. She is a member of the Australian Greens and a staffer but writes in a personal capacity.
November 12, 2015 — Ron Chusid
The conventional wisdom was that Hillary Clinton had an extraordinary month in October, with some pundits going as far to claim she virtually wrapped up the nomination. Yet now we are in November and Bernie Sanders has hardly been knocked out of the race. He is even looking like he is on track to win the month of November.
While polls this long before primaries have limited predictive value, they tend to show Sanders gaining slightly on Clinton with no signs of Clinton opening a wider lead over Sanders. Instead of the Biden supporters all falling in line behind Clinton as the pundits predicted, Biden's support is dividing fairly equally between the two.
Take the latest New York Times/CBS News survey. The spin favors Clinton, but look at the actual numbers. Seeing Sanders close the gap, even if slightly, is a plus for him after all favorable publicity for Clinton in October. The key line, however, is, “Half of Democratic primary voters said it was still too early to say for sure who they would support.” As I have discussed previously, polls before the primaries have little predictive value, largely because so many people do not make up their mind until the last minute. Plus should Sanders hold on to win in Iowa and New Hampshire, polls in subsequent states, as well as the national polls, will change dramatically.
The Clinton camp claims that Sanders cannot win a general election, as they claimed with Obama eight years ago, but the polls certainly contradict them there. Sanders does as well as Clinton or better in head to head match-ups against Republicans, while Clinton struggles to get the support of independents and voters in battle ground states. The latest McClatchy-Marist poll has Sanders beating Trump and Bush by a landslide. The poll also shows that 68 percent believe that what Clinton did related to her private email server was wrong.
While Clinton would have people believe that her success at the Benghazi hearing somehow provides protection against the email scandals, these are two separate issues. It certainly helps her should she ever be prosecuted that the government has backed away from claims that two emails were top secret, but we recently learned that the FBI investigation not only is still going on, but there are news reports that the FBI is stepping up the investigation.
Plus the investigation of alleged mishandling of classified information is only one small part of the scandal. The more important issues are Clinton violating the stricter rules for government transparency which Obama initiated in 2009 in response to the abuses of the Bush administration, and her making decisions on matters as Secretary of State involving parties which were making huge payments to her Foundation and to her husband. It also does not help matters that the fact checkers have demonstrated that Clinton has repeatedly lied about the matter.
The recent charges that Ben Carson has been dishonest about his biography has led to others pointing out that Hillary Clinton has additional honesty issues of her own. Clinton's claims that she once tried to join the marines is being questioned. It doesn't help her case that the Washington Post Fact Checker, while noting some ambiguity, has given Clinton Two Pinocchios on this story, along with reminding readers of past problems in her biography such as “landing under sniper fire in Bosnia or getting the date wrong for hearing a speech by Martin Luther King Jr.”
As the establishment candidate, it is no surprise that Clinton has received more endorsements, although Al Gore has declined to offer his support. Sanders has been receiving some key endorsements, including the American Postal Workers' Union.
Sanders did well in the Democratic Forum last week, and has another chance to advance his campaign in the second Democratic debate–even if scheduled on a Saturday to minimize viewership. He has been more aggressive in showing the many differences of opinion he has with Clinton on the issues and will probably do the same in the debate (as I have argued he must), as opposed to allowing Clinton to get away with false statements in the first debate and even giving her a lifeline on her email.
Democratic Sit-in Gun Control Protest Fueled by Ironic Takeout
Democratic Sit-in: Gun Control Protest Fueled by Ironic Takeout
EXCLUSIVE
Democrats staging a sit-in on the floor of Congress won't go hungry -- we spotted their food order on its way into the Capitol ... and it's pretty damn ironic.
A couple carts full of Chick-fil-A food were toted in by Congressional interns. We get it ... protesters gotta eat, but consider this: The push for gun control legislation was prompted by Omar Mateen's heinous attack on a gay nightclub -- and Chick-fil-A's ownership has a long history of opposing LGBTQ rights.
To be fair, the company's undergoing an image makeover, and has contributed tons of food and money to relief efforts in Orlando.
Still ... odd choice. DC's a big city.
A damning report on St Patrick's Institution in Dublin has found a culture that led to the human rights of some children and young adults being either ignored or violated.
The Inspector of Prisons, Judge Michael Reilly, also raised concerns about prison healthcare and education, as well as the use of control and restraint techniques.
Minister for Justice Alan Shatter described the findings as shocking and said the Government would not tolerate the type of abuse outlined in the report.
The report found many officers working in St Patrick's have not been adequately trained to deal with young people.
It says many children and young adults who are on "protection" are locked up for 23 hours a day.
Judge Reilly said this "offends against all that should be expected of a civilised society in the 21st century".
Some children and young adults were dealt with under the disciplinary procedure, which resulted in the prohibition of contact with family by way of visit.
This is contrary to European prison rules.
The report found prisoners are stripped of their clothing and required to wear an undergarment and a poncho style over garment when placed in safety observation cells for management purposes.
Judge Reilly said prisoners should only be placed in these cells for medical purposes.
To force prisoners to undress in this manner was "degrading and a form of punishment, intimidation and abuse".
In one instance, the report says bedclothes had not been changed after the previous occupant after a child was placed in a cell in the children's wing.
"The bed clothes were dirty, the toilet was blocked and he had no running water," the report says.
This was brought to the attention of management but the bed clothes were not changed for four further days.
Young people have no 'chance to better themselves'
On many of his visits, the inspector found many of the cells were dirty, needed painting and did not have adequate furniture.
Many other areas were dirty, unhygienic and had broken equipment.
Judge Reilly says it is an indictment of St Patrick's that many prisoners leave without having had a chance to better themselves.
He also states that while illegal drugs and contraband are a problem in all prisons, it appears the situation is worst in St Patrick's with most being thrown over the walls of the institution.
The psychology service is overstretched and there is anecdotal evidence that medical referrals to outpatient departments of hospitals were often delayed for hours or days.
He says a review he commissioned found the delays in referrals were unacceptable and carry potential serious risks.
The prison doctor's instructions are carried out appropriately, he added.
The inspector said that in 2010 he reported that the safety observation cell was being used in the majority of cases for management purposes and this was not best practice.
He says he is sorry to report that his advice was ignored.
Judge Reilly also found that the detention of children in St Patrick's should end as a matter of urgency and the current timeline of May 2014 for ending their detention should be revisited.
He says the prisoners in St Patrick's do not have the capacity to organise structured activity for themselves, and even if they did, he points to the lack of such aids as footballs.
The vast majority of officers show respect to and understanding of the prisoners in their care and they act in a professional manner when at times, the report says, circumstances can be very challenging.
He also says a youth sex offenders' programme has been developed in the prison and is working successfully.
He notes that in April of this year the Minister for Children and Youth Affairs Frances Fitzgerald said she had secured funding to end the detention of children in St Patrick's.
From 1 May, all newly-remanded children or sentenced 16-year-olds will be detained in the children's detention facilities at Obserstown.
Within two years, it is the intention that all of those under 18 years will be sent to dedicated child specific facilities on the Oberstown campus.
Responding to the report, Minister Shatter said that neither he nor the Government would tolerate "this type of abuse".
"I have instructed the Director General of the Irish Prison Service to ensure that everything possible is done to address these issues within the timeframes set by the Inspector if not before then."
He said a new Governor has been appointed along with two new Assistant Governors.
A further senior management position is to be filled by mid-October.
Irish Prison Service Director General Michael Donnellan said the report detailed an inflexible, rigid culture with an over-emphasis on control and security.
He said steps have been taken in recent months to address the issues raised in the report.
The Irish Penal Reform Trust said the report calls into question the viability of continuing to operate St Patrick's Institution.
Microsoft has now finally released Silverlight 5, the latest major version of its web browser plug-in designed for video and other multimedia programs. The 7 MB file can be downloaded at Microsoft's web site. The new version supports both Windows and Mac operating systems along with the four major web browsers: Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome and Safari.
Microsoft talks about some of the new features in Silverlight 5 on its blog site:
New features in Silverlight 5 include Hardware Decode of H.264 media, which provides a significant performance improvement with decoding of unprotected content using the GPU; Postscript Vector Printing to improve output quality and file size; and an improved graphics stack with 3D support that uses the XNA API on the Windows platform to gain low-level access to the GPU for drawing vertex shaders and low-level 3D primitives.
In addition, Microsoft says that it will support Silverlight 5 all the way up to November 12, 2021 for the browsers it supports.
There's still no word yet on the future of Silverlight development. There are rumors that Microsoft has no plan to release a Silverlight 6. The company has already stated that Internet Explorer 10, which will be released around the time of Windows 8, will do away with plug-in support in favor of HTML5 programs.
Alvin Lee, the guitarist and singer of Ten Years After, has died.
A statement posted on his official website read: "With great sadness we have to announce that Alvin unexpectedly passed away early this morning after unforseen complications following a routine surgical procedure.
"We have lost a wonderful and much loved father and companion, the world has lost a truly great and gifted musician."
Alvin Lee ripping it up at Woodstock
Lee, whose musical career began in the early sixties, was launched to international stardom after an incendiary performance at Woodstock, which showcased his mastery of blues-rock guitar and turned his sticker-plastered "Big Red" Gibson ES-335 into an icon of the festival.
When Ten Years After split up in 1973, Lee went on to release a number of albums, including On The Road To Freedom, which included guest spots from the likes of Mick Fleetwood, George Harrison, Steve Winwood and Ron Wood. His last release, 2012's Still On The Road To Freedom, referenced his early solo success and confirmed his place in the pantheon of rock greats.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
ANIMAS — Several hundred ranchers gathered at a small-town high school in the Bootheel on Thursday to rally against what they described as a broken border.
Also present were members and representatives of New Mexico's congressional delegation and officials from public security agencies, including the Border Patrol, Army, National Guard and sheriffs. More than 600 people showed up at a school auditorium in Animas, population 237.
Ranchers here have been steaming over the reported kidnapping of a ranch hand in December, when drug runners allegedly hijacked the man's vehicle, loaded it with narcotics and drove him to Arizona. He came home “roughed up,” his employer Tricia Elbrock said, but he survived the ordeal.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Concerns about border security have simmered for years for those who live among the region's sprawling ranches and rugged mountain ranges. Sometimes, fears boil over, such as after the unsolved 2010 murder of southern Arizona rancher Robert Krentz, who was found shot dead on his property, or after the recent reported kidnapping.
“How many here think your border is secure?” Elbrock asked to laugh. “I say to all our representatives, come down here. Stay with us. Work with us.”
Someone in the crowd shouted, “Walk the border!”
“And see what it's like,” Elbrock said. “It's not safe. We got problems here. They don't want it known. They don't want people to know.”
The Krentz story, too, loomed large Thursday as the meeting opened with a video of old news reports about the crime and his widow, Sue, and son Frank spoke to the crowd.
“Secure the border for your family, our family,” Sue Krentz said in prepared remarks that earned a standing ovation. “We're demanding the right to live free and safe on our own land and in our own homes.”
Rep. Steve Pearce, a Republican whose southern New Mexico district runs along the Mexican border, met with Elbrock before the meeting. He attended, as did staffers for U.S. Sens. Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich, D-N.M., and for U.S. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz. New Mexico Agriculture Secretary Jeff Witte also attended.
Representatives of the Border Patrol, National Guard and sheriffs from New Mexico and Arizona said they had come to hear the public's concerns.
“My takeaway is that the people along the border recognize a grave threat to themselves and their communities, and the National Guard is ready to respond to help secure the border,” Brig. Gen. Andrew Salas said.
Border Patrol has had a hard time keeping its Lordsburg station, tasked with securing the Bootheel, fully staffed. The station is budgeted for 284 agents but has been short about 50 agents for months. A Border Patrol spokesman told the Journal recently that there are candidates in the pipeline to fill those slots.
“We work very hard to secure our borders,” Border Patrol spokesman Ramiro Cordero told the Journal at the meeting. “Numbers have dropped. You don't see the type of movement that you saw 10, 20 years ago.”
“The increase in the number of people in the area that are smuggling people and drugs seems to be increasing,” said Lawrence Hurt, whose Hurt Cattle Co. ranch runs nearly 30 miles along the Mexican border. “We see a lot less of the people who are looking for a job. We have a need for the Border Patrol in our area.”
But, Hurt added to a round of applause, “We think they need to be on the border. If we stop them at the line we won't have as many incidences as we have had in the past.”
Elbrock and other ranchers say they want to see more agents on horses in the region — the best way to patrol rough terrain, they say — and more helicopters.
In New Mexico, Border Patrol apprehended 11,000 unauthorized border crossers in fiscal 2015 and seized more than 15,000 pounds of marijuana.
“The border isn't secure,” said Bill McDonald, co-founder and executive director of the Malpai Borderlands Group, which manages a working cattle ranch and conservation effort on nearly 1 million acres of the Bootheel. “It's like a balloon. When they tamp down in one area, (drug traffickers) move somewhere else. They've got all the technology to move where they see a weakness and right now the weakness is in southwest New Mexico.”
(Daily Caller) Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton characterized the United States as racist and lamented what she described as a troubling increase in racial segregation in modern-day America in a speech on Saturday.What do you think?
“As a mother, a grandmother, and a human being, my heart is bursting for the people of Charleston,” Clinton said in remarks delivered at the 83rd Annual Meeting of the United States Conference of Mayors, currently happening in San Francisco.What do you think?
“Once again, racist rhetoric has metastasized into racist violence,” she said, referring to the acts of Dylann Roof, the 21-year-old man who has reportedly confessed to to murdering nine people at a black church in Charleston, S.C. on Wednesday.What do you think?
“In America today, blacks are nearly three times as likely as whites to be denied a mortgage. Our schools are more segregated than they were in the 1960s,” Clinton said.
Chris Herhalt and Chris Fox, CP24.com
A 29-year-old man accused of killing three kids and their grandfather in a drunk driving crash last fall pleaded guilty to 6 of 18 charges laid against him and was granted bail during a court appearance on Thursday morning.
Marco Muzzo pleaded guilty to four counts of impaired driving causing death and two counts of impaired driving causing bodily harm in a Newmarket court, in connection with the deaths of nine-year-old Daniel Neville-Lake, his five-year-old brother Harrison, their two-year-old sister Milly and the children's 65-year-old grandfather Gary Neville. They were all killed on Sept. 27 after the minivan they were travelling in was t-boned by an SUV in Kleinburg.
Two women, the children's grandmother and great-grandmother, were also in the van at the time and were injured.
“This has been a sad and tragic day for everyone and a sad and tragic day for Mr. Muzzo,” Muzzo's lawyer Brian Greenspan said. “Hopefully he'll be able to address some personal matters over the next two weeks before he returns to custody and we make sentencing submissions.”
According to an agreed statement of facts, a private jet carrying Muzzo from his bachelor trip in Miami landed at Pearson International Airport. He cleared customs, and got behind the wheel of a Jeep Grand Cherokee, heading to his home in Vaughan.
Shortly after 4 p.m. on Sept. 27, Muzzo's vehicle collided with the minivan carrying the children at the intersection of Kirby Road and Kipling Avenue.
An officer who responded to the scene observed Muzzo was “was unsteady on his feet, he had glossy eyes, he attempted to use people to use his balance, he urinated himself, he was having a difficult time comprehending direction and he had the smell of an alcoholic beverage emanating from his breath.”
Two breath samples taken from Muzzo about two hours after he was taken into custody indicated he had a blood alcohol level of more than double the legal Ontario limit.
He faced charges including impaired driving causing death, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death and impaired driving causing bodily harm. Lawyers on both sides had previously said that some of the charges were duplicates and would likely not proceed.
“From moment one, Mr. Muzzo knew that this day would come,” Greenspan said. “He immediately took responsibility, you heard today that after consulting counsel, admitting to being the driver and cooperated in the police investigation.”
Greenspan proposed that Muzzo be free on bail until his sentencing hearing on Feb. 23, with a $1 million recognizance split between his mother and the parents of his fiancée.
The Crown and Justice Michelle Fuerst accepted this, along with conditions that Muzzo keep the peace until that time and reside at his mother's house in Kleinburg until his sentencing.
Greenspan called the notion that Muzzo received bail because of his family's immense wealth “outrageous.” Muzzo's late grandfather, Marco Muzzo Sr., founded construction and development businesses worth more than $1 billion combined.
“(Bail) is a right enjoyed by anyone in the community, this is not only routine, this would have happened with virtually anyone who had any roots in the community regardless of status, regardless of wealth, regardless of any other issue. This was a routine matter, it was not a special treatment matter.”
Mother says granting of bail is unfortunate
Muzzo formally entered his guilty plea just one day after what would have been the 10th birthday for one of his victims, Daniel Neville-Lake.
Speaking with reporters outside the courthouse, the mother of the children said that while Muzzo's release on bail is “unfortunate,” she can find some relief in knowing that he will ultimately pay for his actions.
“I was always afraid to call him what he is which is a drunk driver but now I can say that and I don't have to be afraid to say that,” Jennifer Neville-Lake said, fighting back tears. “A drunk driver killed my family and he admitted to it.”
Neville-Lake has been a fixture at the Newmarket courthouse for all of Muzzo's appearances but she said Thursday was particularly difficult because it was the first time that she heard the names of her children and father read out in court.
Asked if she could ever forgive Muzzo, Neville-Lake said she hoped to be able to someday but is still just trying to come to terms with “the total devastation of not being a mom anymore” and is “nowhere near” a place where she can contemplate forgiveness.
“Every single facet of my life has been destroyed or just completely altered in such a way that it feels like it is not even me,” she said.
With Muzzo's guilty pleas now officially on record, Neville-Lake said her attention will now shift to sorting through nearly 200 victim impact statements that have been submitted to her by various members in the community as well as groups from as far away as Alberta and Belgium.
Neville-Lake said she also has to craft her own victim impact statement, though she said she really doesn't know what sentence would be appropriate.
“He took four lives from me, what is reasonable? I don't even know,” she said.
Numerous bail conditions
While out on bail Muzzo will be required to adhere to a long list of conditions set by the court.
He will be prohibited from driving, purchasing or consuming alcohol, and he must report each Sunday to York Regional Police.
He will also be under a 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. curfew except for medical emergencies and must remain at least 100 metres away from any place of employment, education or residence of the Neville-Lake family. Greenspan said this condition was requested by the Crown.
“Everyone is confident he will abide by the terms of his release,” Greenspan said.
The ‘No Pants Subway Ride' Is Coming Back to Boston
It's happening in January. Beware of bare bums on the the T!
Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning — great with coffee!
The bare backsides of fellow straphangers will be returning to a T platform near you in the New Year.
On Sunday, January 12, Boston will celebrate its 7th annual “No Pants Subway Ride,” where hundreds of train passengers board the MBTA, and then drop their bottoms in the middle of the ride in front of unsuspecting strangers.
The “No Pants Subway Ride” is part of an annual global event that was started by a group known as Improv Everywhere, in New York, in 2002. Originally a prank between seven friends, it soon caught on and the bare-legged celebration was embraced worldwide.
The Boston version is put on by BostonSOS, an offshoot group that believes in having fun “purely for the sake of having fun,” and puts on events throughout the year in Boston to make the community a “more interesting place to be.” The group, and the nearly nude subway experience, were inspired by the New York City group.
While on most days, if someone were to remove their pants on the MBTA it might raise some eyebrows—and even lead to a call to police—BostonSOS has been working exclusively with T officials for the last seven years to make sure all participants are safe, and that no one gets arrested.
“This is NOT illegal. Regular underwear does not constitute indecent exposure,” the group said prior to their event last year. “That said, if you expose ‘certain parts' of your body, even removing your shirt, or wear a thong, or something somewhat see-through, the police won't be on your side anymore and neither will we.”
The group, which choreographs the rides so that participants are always together with other people, tracks the day-long event using a special hashtag on Twitter. Following the san-pants adventures, riders that are over 21 annually meet up at a local bar, and continue the festivities. Last year, people went to King's in Back Bay, and dropped trou, while enjoying some grub and bowling.
Boston's 7th annual No Pants Subway Ride will start at 1 p.m. this year, but exact details about the event's meetup location won't be announced until 9p.m., January 9, two days before the event.
“[Those details] will be announced closer to the event date,” according to organizers of the “No Pants Subway Ride.”
An after party will also be part of the pantsless experience. “This year's after party returns to McGreevy's, who hosted a pretty wild sans-pants party for us in 2011. They'll be beefing up the team with extra staff to handle the crowd,” organizers said.
If you are having a hard time picturing what a T train packed with a bunch of pant-less people looks like, check out the photos from last year's event.
Or, you could watch this video:
Until now, Santorum has made do with a relatively shallow pool of small donors. Secretive group backs Santorum
Rick Santorum can't keep up the fight against Mitt Romney with momentum alone: He needs cash and organization.
Santorum may have found his best shot at both in a secretive club of some of the right's richest and most powerful players. Its members have been credited with solidifying the rise of George W. Bush's Republican presidential campaign in 2000 and working to undercut the 2008 bids of Mitt Romney and Rudy Giuliani.
Story Continued Below
And, last weekend, when conservative bigwigs gathered in Houston for a meeting of the Council for National Policy, they helped raise $1.8 million in pledged donations for Santorum's cash-strapped campaign and the super PAC supporting it. They also talked about how to mobilize their networks to help the former Pennsylvania senator's surging campaign for the GOP presidential nomination.
But the support is coming late in the game, raising the question of whether the potential infusion of money and grass-roots resources is enough to carry him through contests on the horizon in big states like California and New Jersey.
“Hopefully, this will just be the first of a number of these types of events where the conservative movement leaders are coming together and saying ‘this is our man,'” said Richard Viguerie, a founding member of the Council for National Policy and an organizer of the main fundraiser for Santorum, on the sidelines of the Houston meeting.
Viguerie credited conservative movement leaders like those represented in Houston with Santorum's Tuesday primary wins in Alabama and Mississippi. Santorum “needs money, and he needs the conservative movement to come off the sidelines and get fully engaged on behalf of his candidacy. If those two things happen, I am convinced that he will be the Republican nominee,” Viguerie said.
Until now, Santorum has made do with a relatively shallow pool of small donors to his campaign, plus a supportive super PAC that has been fueled mostly by a pair of million-dollar donors, including Foster Friess, a past president of the Council for National Policy.
Santorum and his allies concede that in order to capitalize on his momentum, he'll need to build a bigger donor base and more on-the-ground organization to narrow Romney's significant advantages in those areas.
The Council for National Policy, which was created in 1981 to counter what conservatives perceived as a liberal slant at the Council on Foreign Relations, brings together some of the right's biggest donors, such as Friess and Amway co-founder Richard DeVos, with leaders of influential conservative groups focusing primarily on social issues and foreign policy.
“These people have large networks out there,” said Viguerie. “They have members, they have donors, they have supporters, subscribers, listeners, readers, and if they get engaged,” he said, it will mean “many, many, many seven figures” worth of contributions to Santorum and the super PAC devoted to him.
The council meets in secret three times a year under tight security. And while it bills itself as “a nonpartisan, educational foundation” that does not “lobby Congress, support candidates, or issue public policy statements on controversial issues,” gatherings of its members have played key roles in presidential politics.
Recently, I was granted the opportunity to ask My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic creator Lauren Faust a couple questions. Regrettably, she was running from her signing to her next appointment, so only two questions were actually able to be answered. But during my brief appointment with her, I was able to understand her fanbase and get a glimpse at what kinds of stories Faust enjoys and wants to continue telling.
Now, I am no stranger to her work. I used to watch the Power Puff Girls when I was younger, and I may very well have the potential to become a brony myself (there are still a few more pastures I must graze before I am truly ready to rock out with my hoofs out). Nevertheless, I didn't know what to expect. I hadn't read much about her in the press or any potential blogs, and I'm not entirely familiar with those who solely create stories geared to tweens and younger. So, it was an awesome experience to see such a creator, surrounded by her creations and her beloved fans.
Waiting at the end of the line for her autograph signing, I saw an array of Faust fans. Although there was a spattering of young girls, for the most part they were somewhere between 15-35 year olds, many of whom are men. A fanbase Faust could never have expected “in a million years”. The best part about it, is that none of them love the show ironically. They are all fierce supporters and proud to hear the term “brony” dropped sans snark. It goes to show what I have been saying: solid storytelling with relevant characters and archetypes can and will bring in the desired and even unexpected audiences. Nevertheless, it's awesome to see how little we think we know about institutionalizing gender roles, or the claim that they are natural in society. It is to a point that even I am surprised.
Of the two questions I had time to ask Faust, the first was how she feels about her unexpected brony fanbase. “They're awesome,” she says. “I'm inspired by them and their ability to look past preconceived notions of what's society says is acceptable for them and judge the show by its own merit […]. They're all so open-minded and cool. Their ability to endure how other people treat them is inspiring.”
If you ever take the time to watch an episode of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic (do it. Do it NOW), you'll see that the message of the show is one its fans–8 year old girls or 30-something year old men–really take to heart. And no, it's not just the same morality plays that storytellers have been telling kids for years being resold under a different label–although such messages of “treat others as you want to be treated” and “think before you speak” are present in the show–there is much more to it than that, and not just because the heroines have hoofs instead of feet. The show really is about the importance of friendship and that there is a kind of magic to it. The show effectively portrays mixed personalities, real-to-life conflicts and struggles, and how to essentially enjoy the company of those who don't think the same way you do.
Now, in case you've never watched the show, let me catch you up on the basic premise: a young unicorn named Twilight Sparkle, who knows everything and anything so long as it can be found in a book, is sent–much to her dismay–by her mentor Princess Celestia, supreme ruler of Equestria, to Ponyville to experience friendship first hand. There, she meets and (begrudgingly, at first) befriends a group of ponies, each of whom represent an important ‘element of friendship'.: Apple Jack (honesty), Fluttershy (kindness), Rainbow Dash (loyalty), Rarity (generosity) and Pinkie Pie (laughter).
The great thing about this show is the layers. You can tell each character apart not just by her coat and mane, but by her actions. Just like, you know, real people. And there's more to these ponies than just being “the fighter”, “the pacifist” or “the leader”, which is the typical three-part discord you find in storytelling to distinguish your characters. Neigh! These ponies have legitimate fears, needs, and desires, and their personalities are ones you can actually use as a template to help handle real people, which I believe is what draws in the unexpected fanbase.
Twilight Sparkle, like many of us who were born in or adapted to the internet age, is a pony who would much rather be left alone. She doesn't believe she needs friends or external action to have adventure or learn about the world around her: she has her books. She is an armchair anthropologist, sociologist, psychologist and any other -ologist you can think of. She knows more than any pony around. If she needs social interaction, she has her dragon assistant Spike and weekly correspondence to Princess Celestia for that. She has bigger fish to fry than to learn about her pony brethren.
“The fate of Equestria does not rest on me making friends!” but the fate of humanity, might, Twilight!
After all, learning how to interact with people can be hard. If you get a couple of math problems wrong, you can erase the answers and try again. But muck up an introduction or say the wrong thing in a conversation and you can easily be labeled an asshole for the rest of your life in that town. Who wants that? So, sometimes it seems as if you are better off alone (that's right, Alice Deejay, I said it).
Yet, social interaction is a key part of the human experience. When Aristotle said, “Man is a political animal”, he wasn't talking about a person's need to vote in elections, sign petitions or picket grocery stories. He meant a human is an animal of the polis, the city. In essence, humanity has a need to work together–not alone–to build our species up. The blending of cultures and ideas is, supposedly, what postbellum America was founded upon. But, not everyone is able to socialize efficiently or effectively, and so many of us–like Twilight Sparkle–build our walls and towers to keep people out and ourselves in.
Having a studious and shut in character isn't exactly rare in children's cartoons, especially those which include an element of socialization in their aim, however they are scarcely the prominent characteristics of the main protagonist. They typically pertain to one of the sidekicks or someone the lead has to “fix”, and who ever wants to be associated with being the sidekick or broken? (The only other book-smart main protagonist I can think of is Dexter, of Dexter's Laboratory, but he was hardly socialized. Aside from a few people he played the show's equivalent of DnD with, I can't recall him working well with others who acted or thought differently than him.)
Not once, do you think while watching the show, “What is wrong with Twilight Sparkle, who doesn't want friends?!” You understand her dilemma and agree at once that the ponies of Ponyville might be a little backwards from the cultured thoroughbreds of Canterlot, but you also know she's not there just to observe others friendships, but to make and experience them on her own. Which is something we should all do.
When I was younger I had a hard time making friends. Either I moved or my best-friend moved, throughout elementary school, that by middle school and high school I had given up. I went to school to learn, not to make friends. Then I moved to Texas for college and quickly learned the importance of a familiar face when adapting to new surroundings.
I do not mean to imply that every brony out there is a Twilight Sparkle, or only has her characteristics. I personally see myself as more of an Apple Jack or Rainbow Dash, but I was a Philosophy student in college and can admit that I know more about Aristotle's theories of friendship than about the actual experience, and I'd wager the same is true for most of the colleagues. MLP:FiM is an excellent exercise in philosophy of mind, especially when delving into the theories of other's minds, because you can witness the interactions rather than just read about them.
Of course, as the pilot episode suggests, your own experiences will be infinitely superior qualitatively, but this is a great stepping stone in understanding others. Once you are able to understand that people think differently, and that in doing so they are actually a benefit rather than a deterrent in your understanding of the world, then you can realize the importance of friendship and that friendship truly is magic.
See what I mean?
When I stood in line for my interview, I could tell that all the bronies had taken the message to heart. Half a dozen fans tried to file in line behind me before being turned away because Faust was leaving the booth to her next appointment. Rather than pout and complain, they all nodded, smiled and said with a glimmer of hope, “Maybe next time” or “I knew I should have been here earlier!” None complained or tried to get special treatment. It was really a breath of fresh air. It's cool to see fans actually receive a message and understand that the world doesn't revolve around them.
Although Lauren Faust is no longer the show runner of MLP:FiM, she is still involved as a consultant and has laid out some excellent ground work for future seasons and episodes. Currently, she's branching off to new shows and projects, such as Milky Way and the Galaxy Girls and Super Best Friends Forever, each geared at young girls, though with potential to bring in the male demographic.
As a DC fangirl, I am personally excited about Super Best Friends Forever, which by now many of you have probably seen. They're 75 (or so) second shorts, starring Wonder Girl, Supergirl, and Batgirl that are intermingled in the DC Nation block on Cartoon Network. The controlling idea behind these shorts are to show superheroes in teenage situations rather than the other way around. Instead of saving the planet before bedtime, “they're trying to hijack Wonder Woman's invisible jet and take it for a joyride,” Faust explains, “or get out of being grounded.” Real to life situations that extraordinary people are put in rather than the other way around. After all, they're teenagers first, superheroes second.
All four classes – Prototype, Prototype Challenge, GT Le Mans and GT Daytona – will carry over unchanged for the 2015 season, and the first to see any changes will be the GT classes. In 2016,will begin to run FIA GT3 spec racecars, which benefit from traction control, anti-lock brakes and more intense aerodynamic packaging. The competition among the different makes will continue to be balanced using the Adjustment of Performance process that modifies the restrictors and weights of the class entries.Meanwhile, the 2016 season will also see new regulations for the excitingclass, which includes factory race teams and uses guidelines set up by the ACO. Perhaps the biggest difference between the two GT classes is that GTLM focuses on professional drivers while GTD requires a mix of professional and amateur.Broader changes to the Tudor USCC series will be noticeable in the 2017 season, where the flagshipclass will be overhauled. For this class, an all-new format of racecars will debut, which was jointly agreed upon by IMSA, the Automobile Club l'Ouest (ACO), the governing body behind the 24 Hours of Le Mans, and FIA World Endurance Championship (WEC). Relating to USCC, it will be interesting to see how these new rules play out considering the current Prototype class eliminated LMP1 racecars starting with the 2014 season limits its entrants to a mix of cars from the Daytona Prototypes, LMP2 and the DeltaWing.Finally, it seems there is a little uncertainty about the specclass, which currently runs Chevrolet-powered ORECA FLM09 racecars.“It is important to all of our stakeholders to have a clear understanding of where the TUDOR Championship is headed from a technical standpoint, which we now have established through 2016. This will enable our manufacturers to build race cars with these specifications and timelines in mind, and allow our competitors to make fully informed investment decisions for the future,” said Scot Elkins, IMSA vice president of competition and technical regulations.
Late Thursday, the Oregon Department of Transportation told The Oregonian that a road joint slowly splitting apart on the flyover ramp connecting northbound Interstate 5 to Oregon 217 in Tigard has likely caused several crashes in recent days.
On Thursday alone, there were three traffic-jamming crashes within eight hours on the freeway off-ramp, including a rollover that left a motorist with minor injuries. On Monday morning, police ticketed a man who crashed into a wall while taking the ramp too quickly. In fact, in the past three weeks, at least nine crashes have caused traffic approaching the flyover to freeze up.
Update: Two drivers spun out and crashed on the ramp during Friday morning's commute, bringing the tally to 6 crashes in the past 2 days and at least 11 in three weeks.
Readers who drive on the steep, curvy freeway ramp, which carries about 51,000 vehicles a day, were alarmed but didn't seem surprised.
In fact, on Twitter, some commuters said the faulty joint has felt out of whack under their tires:
Someone has also created an I5FlyOverRamp Twitter account.
Readers responding to the story on OregonLive were critical of everything from the ramp's design to commuters who refuse to slow down on the ramp linking two of the state's busiest highways:
When you see an accident here and there it is usually ad divers, but when you see a whole bunch in one place it comes down to POOR ROAD DESIGN, do not care what signs the put up to warn people to over their rears it is just a bad flyover, we will see how the one in Eugene does also -- dkf435 And what's really sad is that this "flyover" is only part of an incomplete project to remove all of the traffic lights from the interchange... that started a decade ago. Why are there traffic lights on a freeway-to-freeway interchange in the first place? ODOT still continues builds them (the new 224/205 interchange under construction has two traffic lights planned). Most other states figured out "cloverleaf" and "stack" interchanges 50 years ago. -- Akoni Do use the flyover ramp from northbound I-5 to Oregon 217? Have you had problems driving over the bridge joints? Hwy 217 isn't really a freeway. And it doesn't make much difference if the ramp is a 35 mph ramp or not since oftentimes there's a bottleneck ahead that causes traffic to slow to a crawl anyway. And until they add the 3rd lane on 217 that'll be the way it is. It shouldn't take a transportation engineer to know the reason the flyover ramp was done the way it was: If the state took any other approach it would've required buying and tearing down a lot of expensive already-developed real estate. In case you hadn't noticed, it's all fully developed right up to the rights-of-way, except the property near the Tabernacle. -- oswego62 This curve was poorly planned from the get go. No competent designer plans a curve that tightens up as you get into it. It is BS design. Unfortunately, not sure what can be done about it other than a start over. -- sawdusty So this is why so many Oregon drivers travel at 35 in the left lane up and down I-5, Oregon road conditions. I'll take back all the names I've called them over the years and use them for ODOT. -- jalek The seam has unsettled cars from day one. Just straighten out a little as you're going over it and you will be fine. -- Grimm Sounds to me as if this is a driver speeding problem. -- Choctaw1952
“The teeth are slightly out of plumb,” Hamilton said. “It's not a problem for motorists who are slowing down and following the advisory speed of 35 mph on the ramp.”
But the tires of vehicles trying to take the steep, curvy ramp at highway speeds are in danger of hitting the dislocated section of the joint the wrong way. “They're spinning out,” Hamilton said.
The faulty section of the joint, which seams together a section of the soaring structure, is on the right side of the left lane, he said.
The discovery of the misaligned teeth shouldn't have come as a shock. The joint, located just prior to the curve, has "occasionally" come out of plumb in the past, Hamilton said.
He said ODOT crews will need to close a lane on the ramp as they tear up the asphalt and bring the joint into alignment. "Obviously, we hope to do the work at night," he said.
Crash statistics for the northbound Interstate 5-Oregon 217 flyover ramps from 2008 to 2012.
Between 2008 and 2012, the full year that data is available, crews responded to 37 crashes on the ramp,
)
In 26 of the crashes, someone suffered an injury, the data show. Most of them happen on rainy days.
Looking at the statistics, Hamilton said it's hard to know if any of the past crashes could be linked to problems with the bridge joint. He also didn't know why the agency hasn't been able to find a permanent fix for the faulty section of bridge.
ODOT engineers are also trying to determine if they need to install additional signs advising drivers to suddenly slow from 55 mph to 35 mph on the ramp.
Pehaps it's time for ODOT to add a large speed advisory warning with flashing amber lights, similar to the one that greets motrists approaching the Terwilliger Curves. What do you think? Do you have any questions you would like me to ask ODOT about the flyover ramp's joint problems?
-- Joseph Rose
Woodward calls out Obama for saying the sequester was created by Congress. Woodward: Obama owns sequester
Journalism icon Bob Woodward wrote in a new Washington Post op-ed first that the sequester was the “brain child” of the White House, calling out President Barack Obama for saying it was created by Congress.
“My extensive reporting for my book ‘The Price of Politics' shows that the automatic spending cuts were initiated by the White House and were the brainchild of [Jack Lew, then-budget director during the negotiations] and White House congressional relations chief Rob Nabors — probably the foremost experts on budget issues in the senior ranks of the federal government,” Woodward wrote on a piece posted on Friday night.
Story Continued Below
Woodward continued: “Obama personally approved of the plan for Lew and Nabors to propose the sequester to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid [D-Nev.]. They did so at 2:30 p.m. July 27, 2011, according to interviews with two senior White House aides who were directly involved.”
( Also on POLITICO: W.H. changes course on sequester)
Woodward's reporting on the sequester — the automatic $1.2 trillion federal spending cuts over the next decade that take effect March 1 — has become a rallying cry of sorts for Republicans, unusual given their typical criticism of the mainstream media. Democrats, including the president, have tried to put the blame on the already unpopular House Republicans.
Recently Obama has urged Congress to reach a deal on the sequester, saying that the economy would be negatively impacted if no deal is reached. From fewer federal food inspections to airport delays to government worker furloughs, the Obama administration has warned the public of the sequestration.
( Also on POLITICO: LaHood: Air delays if sequester hits)
And while Woodward's column will no doubt generate buzz for Republicans, the Pulitzer-winning journalist doesn't let House Republicans off the hook either.
“A majority of Republicans did vote for the Budget Control Act that summer, which included the sequester. Key Republican staffers said they didn't even initially know what a sequester was — because the concept stemmed from the budget wars of the 1980s, when they were not in government,” Woodward wrote.
The Chelsea defender Michael Mancienne has signed a four-year deal with Hamburg for a fee believed to be around £3m, the Bundesliga club have confirmed.
The 23-year-old has passed a medical and will join his new team-mates after he completes his duties with England at this summer's European Under-21 Championship.
Mancienne joined Chelsea as a schoolboy but made only six senior appearances for them before being sent out on loan. He twice went to Queens Park Rangers before three spells with Wolverhampton Wanderers, with whom he spent the best part of three years.
He made just 17 appearances for Mick McCarthy's side in their recent successful battle against relegation, and has now opted to head to Germany where he will be reunited with Hamburg's sporting director, Frank Arnesen.
The Dane, who was technical director during some of Mancienne's time at Chelsea, said: "I know Michael from Chelsea and have followed his development for years. I am aware of his great potential."
Hamburg finished eighth in the Bundesliga this season, and Mancienne has outlined his ambition to get them back into Europe as soon as possible.
"Hamburg is a big club with a lot of tradition and some fantastic fans," he said. "It's a big challenge for me to be able to play for this club. It would be great if I could play a part in helping Hamburg get back into Europe."
Real Madrid Goalkeeper out since Champions League final
For the first time this season Keylor Navas will be part of a matchday squad on Saturday as the Costa Rican returns from an Achilles injury.
The goalkeeper has been out since the Champions League final but has now fully recovered ahead of the trip to Gran Canaria to face Las Palmas.
Whether or not Navas will start on Saturday is still to be determined with Zinedine Zidane said to be happy with the displays of Kiko Casilla during his time deputising for the former Levante keeper.
Part of Zidane's modus operandi this season has been not to risk players with fitness complaints and the Frenchman has been rather vocal about this policy.
As such it may be expected that returning goalkeeper will not start but the fact he is ready to be part of a squad is positive news in itself.
Such is the French coach's huge faith in Navas, which was a significant part of the reason why the club didn't pursue David de Gea this summer, it isn't expected to be long before he returns to the starting line-up in any event.
Casilla's return to the backup position will be handled delicately with a definitive decision likely to come in the next LaLiga matchday.
It has been a long 118 days since his last appearance and he has been working tirelessly for three and a half months to return to football after surgery completed by Dr. Niek van Dijk.
Health wise he has been considered recovered for a number of weeks now yet the club's goalkeeping coach Luis Llopis felt it would be beneficial to hand the stopper a pre-season programme to help propel him back to 100%.
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday, November 2, 2009
The U.S. government has appointed what the media is ludicrously billing as an “independent” group of health advisors whose job it will be to whitewash adverse reactions to the swine flu vaccine and “explain” them to the public as mere coincidence.
Authorities have been busier honing their propaganda about the H1N1 inoculation program than they have dealing with the actual rollout of the vaccine. A $16 million dollar campaign to coerce Americans into taking the shot is falling flat on its face with increasing numbers rejecting the necessity to take the shot amidst concerns about its side-effects.
Health authorities have been desperately pushing the notion that the vaccine is safe as part of a gargantuan PR campaign, without explaining why well-connected members of the elite have had special access to an additive-free version of the shot that doesn't contain ingredients like mercury and squalene that are contained in the public version.
As a result of the dangers of the H1N1 vaccine becoming widely known, authorities are moving to get out ahead of the story by acknowledging that millions of health problems in the aftermath of a vaccination campaign will be blamed on the vaccine, citing the 1976 swine flu debacle when the shot proved far deadlier than the actual virus.
Back In September, Reuters reported on how public health officials were expecting “an avalanche of so-called adverse event reports, which are reports of death, illness or other health trauma,” in the two weeks after people receive the vaccine.
“We are going to be overwhelmed with potential events,” said Mike Osterholm, a public health expert at the University of Minnesota.
Authorities therefore resolved to dismiss any connection to the swine flu shots a host of heart attacks, strokes and miscarriages that “will be blamed on the H1N1 vaccine”.
[efoods]Now the government has accelerated these efforts by appointing a group of “independent” experts to “track the vaccine's safety,” according to an Associated Press report.
The claim that the group is “independent” is a complete misnomer. How can a group appointed by and dictated its brief by the government be considered “independent”?
In addition, the group will be headed up by none other than Dr. Marie McCormick of the Harvard School of Public Health. McCormick and her affiliated organizations have routinely issued reports over the past 10 years supporting the government's position on the link between vaccines and autism, dismissing a correlation entirely despite overwhelming evidence that contradicts this notion. McCormick has been widely criticized by other health experts for her dogged denial of the link between vaccines and autism.
So far from being “independent,” the group is in fact appointed by the government and lead by one of the government's chief whitewash proponents in the context of vaccine dangers and side-effects.
The rollout of the vaccine has been limited to far fewer people than the government originally intended, partly due to a supply shortage and partly because more than half of Americans have refused to take the shot. The government's efforts to dismiss concerns about side-effects will likely kick into high gear when more batches of the vaccine become available.
The media is framing concerns about side-effects by concentrating on health problems in the immediate aftermath of the vaccination, thereby providing them with the ammunition to dismiss concerns about side-effects altogether if few cases of death or injury occur. However, the real concerns about the dangers of vaccines do not revolve around skin rashes or minor ailments, they relate to the longer term effect of the build-up of toxic mercury in the body as well as squalene and the cancerous animal cells that are admittedly contained in the vaccine. Symptoms could therefore take months or even years to manifest, enough time for a connection to the swine flu shot to be forgotten in the public eye. Expect this to be exploited to the maximum by the “independent” experts the government has appointed to whitewash dangers associated with the vaccine
Watch a report from CBS News below.
On Nov 8, 2013 , the deadliest typhoon ever recorded in history devastated the Philippines. Typhoon Haiyan was stronger than hurricanes Katrina and Sandy combined. Countless lives have been lost and a lot of help is needed. It is estimated at least 10,000 people have perished.
Help Typhoon #Haiyan Victims and We'll Help You!
Between now and December 31, 2013. Anyone who donates $99 USD or more to a charity of your choice that will benefit victims of Typhoon Haiyan and emails me a proof of your donation, can secure a FREE one hour remote SharePoint consulting session ($99 = 1-hour session, $198 = two 1-hour sessions, etc) with any of these global SharePoint MVPs & leading experts:
What can you do with in the one hour session? Mentoring, coaching, training, troubleshooting, presentation, etc. This is a first come, first served opportunity. Once the expert has fulfilled their committed engagements with a donor(s), he/she will not be available.
So hurry and send in your proof of donations and indicate which expert you'd like to engage with! Remember, your company may even match your donation.
Other Ways You Can Help
If you are a SharePoint expert or organization and you want to participate, join the Operation ShareLove Yammer network and let me know your expertise & how much time you want to commit in hours. (It will take 2-4 days for me to post your name)
Please help spread the word about this fund drive by sharing the following message via e-mail, blogs, FB, etc:
Help Typhoon #Haiyan victims and #SharePoint MVPs & experts will help you http://bit.ly/SP4Haiyan #rescuePH
As the great Martin Luther King Jr. once said: “An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.” Let's do our part and help!
Thanks for all your support! Feel free to leave a comment or any questions you might have.
Share this: Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Russian President Vladimir Putin could be prepping for global war, in the wake of deteriorating relations with the United States and other Western countries, according to an incendiary new report.
Putin sent out an order to top Russian officials, politicians and their children across the world demanding that they return to the Motherland, the Daily Star claimed.
The order comes amid rising tensions with the US over Syria and Putin's last-minute cancellation of a planned trip to Paris to meet with French President François Hollande.
“This is all part of the package of measures to prepare elites to some big war,” Russian political analyst Stanislav Belkovsky told the Daily Star.
Retired Russian Lt. Gen. Evgeny Buzhinsky told the BBC Russia that US interests would suffer if the situation escalates.
“If you want a confrontation, you'll get one. But it won't be a confrontation that doesn't harm the interests of the United States. You want a confrontation, you'll get one everywhere,” Buzhinsky warned.
US-Russian relations have cratered in the past few weeks following President Obama's decisions to pull out of talks on Syria and point a finger at Russia for hacking into computers at the Democratic National Committee.
Making matters worse, Putin scrapped plans to visit Paris after Hollande accused Russia of carrying out airstrikes to aid Syrian forces, which had committed a “war crime” in the devastated city of Aleppo.
Russian foreign policy analyst Fyodor Lukyanov considered Putin's cancellation of his Paris visits a “serious step” toward Cold War relations with the West.
“This is part of the broader escalation in the tensions between Russia and the West, and Russia and NATO,” he told Agence France-Presse.
SOMERVILLE — A Union County woman sentenced in May for the vehicular homicide of a Clinton Township man was released on bail after just three months into her seven year sentence, pending her appeal.
Amie Marroccelli, 41, of Union Township, Union County, sentenced in May to seven years in state prison for causing the 2010 drunk driving death of 22-year-old Steven Wall of Clinton Township, was released from Edna Mahan Correctional Facility in Union Township, Hunterdon County after 103 days on $50,000 bail pending her appeal, according to her defense attorney John McDonald.
Marroccelli's sentencing on May 23 by Superior Court Judge Robert B. Reed on her March 17 conviction called for seven years in prison, plus the loss of her driving privileges for five years after her release.
Under the state's No Early Release Program, Marroccelli is required to serve 85 percent of her sentence, or 5 years, 11 months and 11 days before parole eligibility, followed by three years of parole supervision.
She entered Edna Mahan Correctional Facility on May 23 and was released on Sept. 3, according to the NJ Department of Corrections website.
Marroccelli told State Police at the crash scene and several other people afterward that she was driving, but during her trial Marroccelli said she lied about being the driver to protect her husband, Jason Bradbury, whom she said was actually behind the wheel.
During sentencing, Reed called Marroccellia a liar whose "cruel and wicked scheme to avoid the consequences of her conduct" made her "disingenuous and despicable."
At sentencing, Janet Anderson, Wall's maternal grandmother, said the most painful thing in the world is burying a child or grandchild.
"A drunk driver took our grandson's life at the age of 22," Anderson said. "(Marroccelli) not only took the life of Steven but all of our family members. None of us will ever be whole again."
Karen Wall, Steven Wall's mother, said she couldn't describe the magnitude of pain she feels.
"I'm not the person I was before Steven was killed," Karen Wall said. "A piece of me was stolen and ripped away."
Reed said the court has to deal with choices made by good people and bad people with terrible consequences.
"She drank, then got into her car and turned it into a bullet in search of a victim," Reed said. "Steven Wall became that victim."
After the verdict was reached, a civil lawsuit was filed against Marroccelli and Bradbury by Wall's parents, Karen and Brendan Wall, by attorney Victor Rotolo. Rotolo did not immediately return email requests for comment.
Walter O'Brien may be reached at wobrien@nj.com. Follow him on Twitter @wobriensomerset. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Having been away from the competitive scenes for 2 weeks, I attended a casual tournament session with only 14 participants. My friend was hosting it so I accepted the invite. The pool of players were much more casual, and thus not a good representative of our country's meta. But nevertheless, the experience was worth an article. My deck met with some consistency issues, but in the midst of it, I was able to come up with creative methods to overcome it and still survive in the game.
Round 1 – Vs Aroma
My opponent was a casual player, and his deck choice didn't receive as much support as Metalfoes did. He built up his field slowly, and had to face Majespecter Unicorn – Kirin's effect which continuously disrupted his swarming ability. Utilizing fusion summons after fusion summons, I managed to make the first game a fast one and seized my victory.
Not built to adapt to the meta, the lack of Anti-Spell Fragrance in his deck made his deck severely outclassed by mine. He struggled to maintain his resources, while I enjoyed the pendulum game mechanic which made my Extra Deck my second set of hand – a stack of resources I can tap into when needed, while he has to deal with his monsters entering the graveyard instead. Relying on Card of Demise to generate some pluses, he ultimately failed to compensate for the difference in card economics and I won game 2 as well.
Round 2 – Odd-eyes Magician Majespecter
I couldn't manage much on my first turn and only summoned Majespecter Raccoon – Bunbuku. He summoned his own copy the next and I suspect a mirror matchup. That was proven to be an incorrect prediction when he placed his magician pendulum monsters onto the field. I lost when his Wavering Eyes disrupted my gameplay and he proceeded to perform an OTK the next turn, with Super Polymerization securing the final 2400 damage to my lifepoints.
Jowgen the spiritualist alongside Majespecter Unicorn – Kirin proved to be an extremely potent lockdown, which was difficult for my opponent to get past. I refrained from placing cards on my pendulum scales this game, as I feared a Wavering Eyes (AGAIN). It was via normal summons after normal summons, and chipping off his lifepoints bit by bit. Eventually, I was able to deplete his lifepoints to zero.
He struggled badly and it seemed like he bricked terribly in the third game. My decision to play cautiously demolished any chances of him of winning, as I carefully baited his Solemn Strikes. I carefully summoned my monsters one by one, with Metalfoes Goldriver dealing most of the damage turn after turn. I didn't fall bait to another Solemn Warning tragedy, which I experienced in the first game, and with that I won game 3, reaffirming Metalfoes' pride as the best pendulum engine of the format, surpassing Magicians and Odd-Eyes.
Round 3 – Zombie Synchro
DAM SON from my blog. He brought a casual synchro-orientated deck filled with DARK ATTRIBUTE monsters, but broke away from the Synchro DARK norm by not including Blackwing – Gofu the Vague Shadow and Level Eater. His deck has an Infernity engine embedded into it, which provided him the extremely versatile negation card in the form of Infernity Barrier. Plaguespreader Zombie, Destiny HERO – Malicious formed a 2+6 synchro engine, but the former also doubles as a method to place Infernity Archfiend on the top of the deck, and elicit a special-summon-and-search when Stardust Charge Warrior was summoned and the player was allowed a draw.
Masked HERO Dark Law made my life a living hell in game 1, where DAM SON took the initiative for the game, having won the dice roll. Protected by a strong backrow with negation (Solemn Strike) and removal (Compulsory Evacuation Device), the
He entered his own nightmare in the second battle as he drew badly, which was toxic for his Infernity engine. Unable to empty his hand, Infernity spells and traps became dead. I slowly pushed my way through. I got my revenge!
It was a war of attribution in the third, but I broke the standstill and gambled with lady luck but lost the coin toss, as his only set card turned out to be Solemn Strike. 1500LP of his was exchanged for the negation of my pendulum summon, taking away two vital cards from my resources, as Kirin and Metalfoes Steelen plunged to their death. Swords of Concealing Light would once again establish itself as my deck's MVP card, by delaying my demise for a couple of turns, giving me the opportunity to counterattack. When Concealing's time on the field expired, its destruction merely gave me a window of opportunity to summon Metalfoes Volflame from my deck, via Metalfoes Counter. Not commonly seen, but it is a valid move. He would eventually topdeck a Monster Reborn, proudly declaring its name as he activates it, performing a retaliation attempt of his own. And Monster Reborn being Monster Reborn, gave him what he needed to win.
With zero answers to stop the incoming onslaught, I conceded, but eventually obtained a win for the round as we realised he did an illegal move. (Something along the lines of not being able to properly synchro summon, since Farfa, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss would have self-destructed in the presence of Plaguespreader Zombie) We promised to share the prize pool and I headed to the next game with a 3-0 score.
Round 4 – Shaddolls
I lost the first game due to a combination of a bad hand and the decision to play cautiously. Once again, I seem to always be battling with luck at my final game. It seems so predestined and fated that I sound like I am scripting this tourney report. Well, whatever… It was anything but false. Here is the full story:
I opened with two Jowgen the spiritualist, Maxx “C”, Swords of Concealing Light and Solemn Strike. I summoned Jowgen, and it proceeded to be destroyed in battle by Shaddoll Dragon. I passed my turn, with nothing significant to do, and I got struck by two direct attacks from Shaddoll Dragon during the next, after he normal summoned another one. He was heavily protected with four backrows, so I decided to use Swords to stall for a while as I gathered my resources. I summon my second Jowgen and took out one of the two flipped-face-down Shaddoll Dragon, but had to fork out 1500LP to negate the flip effect to keep Jowgen on the board. Few turns later, I manage to keep Jowgen on the field, to stop him from advancing his plays. Horrendous luck continues, despite Anti-Spell Fragrance not being in his deck, I couldn't gather my scales. Normal summons and tribute summons later, I bite the dust when he drew into Super Polymerisation, even though I tried to keep myself alive by maintaining my field presence, leveraging on his fusion summons by Metalfoes Combination's first effect. This all took place after my do-or-die play to pendulum summon four monsters, and they all met with an unfortunate fate – Solemn Strike.
Game 2 saw me open with a better hand, managing to assemble two Kirins and Bunbunku on the field. Kirin was able to keep his fusion summons at bay, but he managed to net the both of them on the turn after that, using a combination of El Shaddoll Shekhinaga to negate Kirin's effect, and Armades, Keeper of Boundaries to bait my activation of effect. These two monsters of his proceeded to destroy Kirin by battle. However, I managed to net a three card draw from his summons, having reacted with a Maxx “C” chain to Shaddoll Fusion, the card that started his field swarming. The generated card advantage managed to propel me forward to secure my win, successfully bringing the match to a final round. He survived my inital OTK attempt with Shaddoll Falco, but a Mystical Space Typhoon destroying my own pendulum scale to trigger Metalfoes Counter ensured he didn't have a next turn in the second game.
Game 3 was a true battle of fusions, but the well-designed Metalfoes archetype proved to be more superior than Shaddolls, as I found myself once again taking advantage of his fusion summons with Combination. Combination brought the monsters milled by Painful Decision, and those monsters sent to the grave from hand via a fusion, back to the field and enter the Extra Deck after being destroyed. This slowly increased my Extra Deck monster count, allowing me to bait his Solemn Strikes. The final battle game to a climatic conclusion as I cripple his resources: Vanity's Emptiness, Torrential Tributes (two of them in fact) were all baited out, via my fusion summons. Shuffling Metalfoes Fusion from the grave back to the deck,, I set it again via a scale's effect and performed the final fusion summon of the game. Metalfoes Mythriel was my weapon of choice, as I appreciate its recycling capabilities and removal ability. Being able to replace itself with a pendulum monster was also another factor that makes it an outstanding member of the archetype. Mythriel would eventually get rid of a Solemn Strike, and I pendulum summoned for game, with three Kirins and Volflame performing an OTK. My opponent opted to chain Strike to Mythriel, half-heartedly, realizing that either option (to chain or not to chain) would not make much of a significant difference.
And that concluded my journey throughout the day.
Didn't get any impressive pulls. But below is the picture of my prize packs and what I got.
Casual Games
After the tournament I had a few casual games with friends. I felt it was worth to include it in the article as it was more non-Tier 1 decks, and thus, a new experience.
Dark World
It has been a while since I played against Dark World. The draw and drop approach depleted my hand advantage for a while. Cards I wanted to keep safely in my hand, reluctant to set them and risk them getting destroyed, ironically got eradicated (pun intended) by Eradicator Epidemic Virus. Dragged Down into the Grave and Dark World Dealings contributed to my reduction in hand advantage and the former left me with some hard choices. The game reminded me of Dark World's ability to contend for the meta, and my opponent went as far as activated two Skill Drains in a chain to keep my Kirin grounded. Talk about brutal. I lost, as Skill Drain was really problematic.
We sided as a form of practice even though it was casual. I got more cautious of his backrow during the second game and tried to empty my hand in order to disallow him from activating Dragged Down. Few Archfiend Eccentrick destruction later, and I was on my way to victory. Solemn Strikes and Skill Drain contributed to his loss as he had to keep paying lifepoints as cost, making it easier for my to end him. Dark Smog wasn't able to give him a final fighting chance as my grave had to targets for him to resolve the trap's effect.
I finally drew into Shadow-Imprisoning Mirror the entire day and it got negated by Solemn Judgment. I seized the chance that half the work was already completed and went on the offensive, taking away the 4000LP he had left with Kirin and Volflame. I managed to play around Skill Drain with the aid of Fullmetalfoes Fusion chaining to Bunbuku's effect.
Tellars
My opponent bricked badly for the first game, drawing many revival traps such as Call of the Haunted, and Oasis of Dragon Souls, but with no monsters in hand. He played cautiously by only setting one trap – Solemn Strike, one which I managed to bait via Mythriel. With no backrow or monsters posing as a threat, I went all in and dedicated all my resources to an assault which won me the game.
He tried to stall and slowly farm for his resources, but even managed to summon his new support: Tellarknight Vatlamyus. I tried another one of my unorthodox methods and sided in Shadow-Imprisoning Mirror, and it paid off as Mirror stopped him in his track, unable to resolve his own monsters' effect. I stalled by repeatedly pendulum summoning monsters to act as a wall to prevent him from attacking directly. When the time was right, I destroyed Shadow Mirror via my pendulum scale effects and advanced my plays. Stellarknight Constellar Diamond was a threat, so I used Swords of Concealing Light to neutralize it, before committing my resources to summon my fusion monsters to counterattack on his turn. Metalfoes Orichalc dealt trampling damage despite his monsters being in DEF mode. The damage didn't take him out, but the difference in resources left him unable to make a comeback.
Conclusion
Players in the TCG who are interested in a more budget build, or a build revolving around fusion summoning should anticipate the newer support cards. Mythriel really gives the deck an edge by allowing recycling of resources and threat removal. I am considering shifting my deck's focus and including more synchro options but without the reliance on Ultimaya Tzolkin. The lockdown is too fragile in my opinion.
Another option I wish to consider adding for my deck, and might have to, is Torrential Tribute. It helps in clearing threats, although destruction and sending opponent's cards to the grave may not be the best course of action in this meta. But it can be used to trigger my own Metalfoes fusion monsters' effect and provide the opportunity to activate Metalfoes Counter. It might be worth a shot, since it is unlimited here in OCG, and depending on the matchup, might even be effective.
The next day, on 3rd September, I had a horrendous experience at my local's ranking tournament, and went 2-3. Consistency issues surfaced once more, but I did my best to make the best play out of what I had. I will go more into detail in my next post. But Dimensional Boundary and Solemn Strike are my worse enemies, and dodging these traps will be a tall order. But I managed to find an answer in the form of Performapal Seal Eel, but I am still in the midst of testing. That's all for now. I will continue to modify and test the available alternative options in preparation for the upcoming OCG's banlist.
News of the list is likely to be leaked on the net in mid September.
SpaceX's reusable rocket technology has been hailed as the future of space travel, and even the Russians have admitted that the company seems to be on to something, but when it comes to return on investment, one of SpaceX's founding team members says that launching the same first stages multiple times isn't actually where the company sees the boost to its bottom line.
Jim Cantrell is the CEO of Vector Space Systems. He's worked for NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and was a founding member of both SpaceX and the Google Lunar X Prize-winning Moon Express. When it comes to the space industry, he's the kind of guy who you should listen to, and in a recent response to a Quora question about exactly how much money SpaceX is saving by reusing its Falcon rocket, Cantrell revealed the real reason (he believes) the company has pursued reusable hardware so vigorously isn't actually to save money, but to increase the number of launches the company is able to perform.
“Reusability allows a marked increase in flight rates,” Cantrell explained. “Reverse engineered financial models of SpaceX show that to reach a good strong positive cash flow, they need more than the traditional 10–12 launches per year that sized rocket has demonstrated. Reusability should easily double the amount of flights possible from a mere production and logistics standpoint.”
As far as the discounts being offered to clients whose devices and cargo is being launch on “flight-proven” rockets, “I am thinking that very few, if any, of the SpaceX Falcon 9 first stages are going to be re-used for more than 3 or so flights,” Cantrell said. “SpaceX will therefore not break even on the reusability portion of the equation.”
BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - China warned on Wednesday that any interference with or damage to the “one China” principle would have a serious impact on peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait, as Taiwan said maintaining peace was in everyone's interest.
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Sunday the United States did not necessarily have to stick to its long-standing position that Taiwan is part of “one China”, further upsetting China which was already angered by Trump's earlier telephone call with Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen.
The issue is highly sensitive for China, which considers Taiwan a renegade province, and Beijing expressed “serious concern” about Trump's remarks.
An Fengshan, a spokesman for China's Taiwan Affairs Office, told a regular news conference the Taiwan issue was about China's sovereignty and territorial integrity.
“Upholding the ‘one China' principle is the political basis of developing China-U.S. relations, and is the cornerstone of peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait,” he said.
“If this basis is interfered with or damaged then the healthy, stable development of China-U.S. relations is out of the question, and peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait will be seriously impacted,” An said.
Taiwan's policy-making Mainland Affairs Council said peaceful relations were a mutual responsibility across both sides of the Taiwan Strait.
“Taiwan has repeatedly stressed that maintaining peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait and throughout the region is in the best interests of all parties,” said council spokesman Chiu Chui-cheng.
“Taiwan places equal weight on the development of Taiwan-U.S. relations and cross-strait relations.”
China is deeply suspicious of Tsai and her ruling Democratic Progressive Party, believing they want to push for the island's formal independence, a red line for Beijing.
China has repeatedly warned that hard-won peace and stability across the narrow strait that separates them could be affected by any moves toward independence.
“I think the facts tell these people that Taiwan independence is a dead end,” An said.
China has never renounced the use of force to bring Taiwan under its control, and some state media have suggested after Trump's remarks that a military solution may now be needed.
A senior U.S. defense official said on Tuesday Taiwan's defense spending had not kept pace with the threat posed by China and should be increased.
Taiwan's annual defense spending has not hit 3 percent of its gross domestic product in recent years, which some military and political experts in Taiwan have said should be a minimum level.
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks at the USA Thank You Tour event at the Wisconsin State Fair Exposition Center in West Allis, Wisconsin, U.S., December 13, 2016. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
“Taiwan's defense spending factors in external threats and the nation's annual budget,” Taiwan defense ministry spokesman Chen Chung-chi told Reuters.
“Our premier has said previously that the cabinet can look to use a special budget to meet defense needs in an emergency situation.”In Beijing, Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said the United States needed to handle the Taiwan issue cautiously to avoid ties with China receiving unnecessary interference.
“As for the so-called issue of Taiwan being threatened, I think we've said many times that we oppose the United States and Taiwan having any form of official contacts or military relations,” Geng told a daily news briefing.
For other people with the same name, see Ingeldaz (disambiguation)
Semi-legendary Swedish king
Ingjald centralizing Sweden
Ingjald illråde or Ingjaldr hinn illráði (Ingold Ill-ruler or Ill-ready) was a semi-legendary Swedish king of the House of Ynglings, son and successor of King Anund,[1] and the father and predecessor of King Olof Trätälja.
Ingjald is mentioned in medieval historiographical sources including Ynglinga saga, Historia Norvegiæ, Hervarar saga, Upplendinga Konungum, Þorsteins saga Víkingssonar and Íslendingabók. The setting of Þorsteins saga Víkingssonar is roughly the 7th century. Johannes Magnus in his 16th-century list of kings places Ingjald (Ingevallus, Ingellus) in AD 883.
Ynglinga saga [ edit ]
Snorri Sturluson gave an extensive account on the life of Ingjald in the Ynglinga saga which is part of the Heimskringla.
Youth [ edit ]
The Ynglinga saga, a part of the Heimskringla relates that the viceroy of Fjädrundaland was named Ingvar and he had two sons, Alf and Agnar, who were of the same age as Ingjald. Svipdag the Blind was the viceroy of Tiundaland, the province of Uppsala where the Tings and the Yule (Midwinter) sacrifices were held (see the Temple at Uppsala).
One midwinter, when Ingjald and Alf were six years old, many people had assembled at Uppsala for the sacrifices. Alf and Ingjald played, but Ingjald found that he was the weaker boy and became so angry that he almost started to cry (which was strange because people named Ingjald were known to be stronger than average). His foster-brother Gautvid led him to his foster-father Svipdag the Blind and told Svipdag about Ingjald's lack of manliness and strength. Svipdag said that it was a shame and the next day he gave Ingjald a roasted wolf's heart to eat. From that day, Ingjald became a very ferocious person and had a bad disposition and breath.
Anund arranged a marriage for his son Ingjald with Gauthild, the daughter of the Geatish king Algaut, who was the son of Gautrek the Mild and the grandson of Gaut. Gautrek consented as he believed that Ingjald had inherited his father's disposition. Gauthild's maternal grandfather was Olof the Sharp-sighted, the king of Närke.
The deceit [ edit ]
Snorri Sturluson relates that when his father Anund had died, Ingjald became the king of Sweden. The kings at Uppsala were the foremost among the kings of the various provinces since Odin ruled the country, and they were the supreme chiefs of the other kingdoms since the death of Agne and Sweden was divided between Erik and Alrik. The descendants of these two kings had spread, cleared land and settled new territories, until there were several petty kings.
In honour of his own ascendance to the throne, Ingjald invited the kings, the jarls and other important men to a grand feast in a newly built hall, just as large and sumptuous as the one in Uppsala. It was called the hall of the seven kings and had seven high seats. Algaut the Geatish king of West Götaland, King Ingvar of Fjädrundaland with his two sons Agnar and Alf, King Sporsnjall of Nerike and King Sigvat of Attundaland came but not King Granmar of Södermanland. The kings filled all seven seats but one. All the prominent people of Sweden had seats, except for Ingjald's own court whom he had sent to his old hall in Uppsala.
According to the custom of the time, for those who inherited kings and jarls, Ingjald rested at the footstool until the Bragebeaker was brought in. Then he was supposed to stand up, take the beaker and make solemn vows, after which he would ascend his father's high seat. However, when the beaker was brought in, he took a bull's horn and made the solemn vow that he would enlarge his own kingdom by half towards all the four-quarters, towards which he pointed his horn, or die.
When all the prominent guests were drunk, he ordered Svipdag's sons, Gautvid and Hylvid, to arm themselves and their men and to leave the building. Outside, they set fire to the building which burnt down and those who tried to escape were killed.
Thus Ingjald made himself the sole ruler of the domains of the murdered kings.
Wars [ edit ]
Granmar won allies in his son-in-law the sea-king Hjörvard of the Ylfings and his father-in-law Högne the Geatish king of East Götaland. They successfully withstood Ingjald's invasion where Ingjald realised that the men from the provinces he had conquered were not loyal to him. After a long standstill there was peace for as long as the three kings lived. However, one night Ingjald and his men surrounded a farm where Granmar and Hjörvard were at a feast and burnt the house down. He later disposed of five more kings, and he thus earned the name Illråde (ill-ruler) as he fulfilled his promise.
Snorri Sturluson tells that it was a common saying that Ingjald killed twelve kings by deceiving them that he only wished for peace, and that he thus earned his cognomen Illråde (ill-ruler or ill-adviser).
Downfall [ edit ]
Ingjald and his daughter Åsa
Ingjald had two children, a son Olof Trätälja and a daughter Åsa. His daughter had inherited her father's psychopathic disposition. She married King Guðröðr of Skåne. Before she murdered her husband she managed to make him kill his own brother Halfdan the Valiant, the father of the great Ivar Vidfamne.
In order to avenge his father, Ivar Vidfamne gathered a vast host and departed for Sweden, where he found Ingjald at Ræning. When Ingjald and his daughter realized that it was futile to resist, they set the hall on fire and succumbed in the flames.
Ynglingatal and Historia Norwegiae [ edit ]
The citation from Ynglingatal does not appear to describe Ingjald as an evil king. It calls his life a brave life frœknu fjörvi:
Ok Ingjald í fjörvan trað reyks rösuðr á Ræningi, þá er húsþjófr hyrjar leistum goðkonung í gegnum steig. Ok sá urðr allri þjóðu sjaldgætastr með Svíum þótti, er hann sjálfr sínu fjörvi frœknu fyrstr um fara vildi.[1] With fiery feet devouring flame Has hunted down a royal game At Raening, where King Ingjald gave To all his men one glowing grave. On his own hearth the fire he raised, A deed his foemen even praised; By his own hand he perished so, And life for freedom did forego."[2]
The Historia Norwegiæ presents a Latin summary of Ynglingatal, older than Snorri's quotation (continuing after Anund):
Post istum filius suus Ingialdr in regem sublimatur, qui ultra modum timens Ivarum cognomine withfadm regem tunc temporis multis formidabilem se ipsum cum omni comitatu suo cenaculo inclusos igne cremavit. Ejus filius Olavus cognomento tretelgia [...][2] After him his son Ingjald ascended the throne. Being abnormally terrified of King Ivar Vidfadme, at that time an object of dread to many, he shut himself up in a dining-hall with his whole retinue and burnt all its inmates to death. His son, Olav, known as Tretelgje,[...][3]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Hans Gillingstam (1973–1975), "Ingjald Illråde", Svenskt Biografiskt Lexikon, 20 ^ Storm, Gustav (editor) (1880). Monumenta historica Norwegiæ: Latinske kildeskrifter til Norges historie i middelalderen, Monumenta Historica Norwegiae (Kristiania: Brøgger), pp. 101-102. ^ Historia Norwegie. Museum Tusculanum Press. ISBN Ekrem, Inger (editor), Lars Boje Mortensen (editor) and Peter Fisher (translator) (2003).. Museum Tusculanum Press. 87-7289-813-5 , p. 79.
Primary sources [ edit ]
Secondary sources [ edit ]
Nerman, B. Det svenska rikets uppkomst. Stockholm, 1925.
Seals use 'Twitter-like' technology to help researchers gather data on Southern Ocean, climate change
Updated
Hundreds of seals have helped researchers gather valuable ocean data while diving into the deep seas and navigating the Southern Ocean.
The data has been gathered over the past decade through sophisticated sensors fitted to the animals which transmits information back to scientists via satellite when they emerge from the water.
Professor Rob Harcourt, a marine biologist with Macquarie University in Sydney, said it was a bit like Twitter for seals.
"As they're diving, they are collecting information on the environment," he said.
"When they come to the surface, they have an antenna on the head that flicks up just a compressed piece of information to satellites, which are then relayed back to us.
"That gives us a profile of the Southern Ocean in particular for us. That's why it's like tweeting, because it's a lot of information that's being compressed.
"Just like a tweet is only 140 characters but the information is high-quality oceanographic information, and it's changing how we actually view the Southern Ocean and its role in the world's global conveyor belt system."
Professor Harcourt said the method had transformed the understanding of what happens in the world's oceans as a whole.
Seals 'ideal candidates' for researching oceans
Australian researchers have been tagging seals in the Southern Ocean but they will have access to a new international database called the Marine Mammals Exploring the Oceans Pole-to-pole Portal, which will include their observations and many more.
Dr Clive McMahon, the operations manager with the tracking program at Australia's Integrated Marine Observing System, said the seals were ideal candidates to gather information about the ocean.
"There are a couple of reasons. One is that the seals that we've been attaching instruments to are relatively reliable in that they will go back to similar regions in the ocean," he said.
"The other is that it's their natural environment in winter to be in the ice and around the ice.
"So, they're able to collect information at times when normally we wouldn't be able to collect information, and have that information transmitted almost in real time."
Seals help discover more on climate change
The seals gather details about water temperature and salinity, which can help understand more about weather and climate change.
"We're providing basic info on water temperature, how salty it is - salinity - and we're providing that data through the depths that the seals dive to, and that could be up to 2,000 metres," Dr McMahon said.
"That data is really important in defining how circulation patterns may form, especially in the Antarctic, and how heat is taken up in the ocean.
"The amount of heat that is in ocean dictates things like evaporation rates or how water expands as it's getting warmer, and what that might mean for sort of coastal erosion or inundation with water from sea level rise."
Professor Mark Hindell from there University of Tasmania's Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies said seals had been able to get to parts of the ocean unreachable before by more traditional data-collection methods.
"Information about, in particular, the temperature of the ocean is really fundamental in understanding climate," he said.
"That heat that's held in the oceans is really what dictates global temperature, and if the oceans warm up then the global temperatures change.
"The temperature from the water down in the Southern Ocean is one of the most important parts of the world to get these data, but they're really hard to get because, especially in the winter, it's dark, it's cold, it's all covered in ice.
"We can't get ships down there and we've been using seals to collect that information for us."
Topics: animals, animal-science, climate-change, oceans-and-reefs, environment, marine-biology, australia
First posted
Here are key moments from the third and final presidential debate between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump, Oct. 19, in Las Vegas. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
LAS VEGAS — During the final presidential debate, Hillary Clinton accused Donald Trump of inciting and encouraging violence at his campaign rallies, which she said is un-American. Trump responded by accusing Clinton of causing that violence.
Earlier this week, two Democratic political operatives left their jobs following video investigations by James O'Keefe's Project Veritas Action that showed them entertaining dark notions about how to win elections. One of the operatives bragged about interrupting Republican rallies — which Trump has used as evidence that the violent clashes that often break out at his rallies are the work of Clinton and Democrats.
Questions are being raised about edited undercover excerpts of Democratic political consultants, which were released by conservative activist James O'Keefe's group Project Veritas Action. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Clinton's comment came after she listed controversial comments that Trump has made about women, the disabled and veterans.
"This is a pattern, a pattern of divisiveness of a very dark and, in many ways, dangerous vision of our country where he incites violence, where he applauds people who are pushing and pulling and punching at his rallies. That is not who America is."
"It's so sad when she talks about violence at my rallies — and she caused the violence," Trump responded. "It's on tape."
The Brisbane Lions have extended the contract of utility Sam Mayes, tying him to the Club until at least the end of 2019.
The Brisbane Lions have extended the contract of utility Sam Mayes, tying him to the Club until at least the end of 2019.
It's a major boost for the Lions, with Mayes' extension bringing the total number of player re-signings to 18 since the end of last season.
Mayes was the Club's first pick (No. 8 overall) in the 2012 Draft. He has played 65 games since making his debut in 2013 – receiving a Rising Star Nomination the same year.
Set to come out of contract at the end of the season, Mayes initially told the Club he would put off contract talks until mid-season as he focused on making a strong start to 2016.
The 22-year-old has built on a strong pre-season by nailing down a spot on a half-back flank and wing, recapturing some of his best form.
Brisbane Lions National Talent Manager Peter Schwab told lions.com.au that the popular South Australian's early season form is a result of his hard work away from the field.
“Having had an uninterrupted pre-season Sam has taken his game to another level in 2016. His form has been very good.
“As one of our long-term players it's fantastic to have him re-sign for a further three years,” said Schwab.
Trending Articles
Players' Lounge: Big news!
The stats that matter
William gets to the Gabba
As more and more developers start to enter the mobile application space — be it for the iPhone, Android, the BlackBerry, the Palm Pre, or any of the others — standing out in a crowded field of applications becomes more and more important.
For many developers, the end-goal is just to get their apps downloaded or purchased. However, as the space becomes larger, staying visible and keeping your application in-use will also become critical to ensure future sales or developments.
Mobile analytics firm Flurry (which we've covered in the past) released a study last week analyzing mobile application retention trends and what impact pricing and application type has on usage and app loyalty.
Flurry studied user retention across 19 different application categories over a 90-day period on a number of different application platforms. They monitored how frequently a consumer returned to an app after downloading it within 30, 60 and 90 days, as well as how often any user accessed any application it had downloaded in the past over a 7-day period.
In its sample, Flurry found that the most-frequently used applications over the longest period of time were news, reference, productivity and navigation apps. This makes sense, if you consider that accessing the news, looking up information and getting directions from a map are the types of activities that many people like to do while on-the-go. These applications are not only useful, but they can be ideal for the mobile platform.
On the opposite end of the spectrum (or graph, as it were), the applications that had the least usage over time were what Flurry calls "Entertainment" apps. "Entertainment" doesn't mean games, it means one-off, single-purpose novelty applications. Things like Fart applications or IQ tests or flashlights or other toys. As can be expected, these applications are often used just a few times and then abandoned.
Why Is Retention Data Important?
You might find app retention data interesting, but if you are a developer or an app producer, why is this information important? Because knowing usage patterns for an app can help determine pricing, the viability of add-ons, and in the future as app stores evolve, upgrades.
With the iPhone 3.0 SDK, Apple introduced the ability to do in-app purchases, so that developer's can offer additional content. Knowing how your applications are used (or not used) can help determine if add-ons will add value or long-term usage, or if that development time would be better focused elsewhere.
For developers trying to decide between an ad-supported or direct-pricing model, knowing how often and over what period of time a user uses your apps can show what might be more economically viable.
Ultimately, this sort of data can inform developers about how consumers use their products, which in turn can help better products get developed.
What is Your App Loyalty
Are you a use once and then delete kind of app tester or do you have favorites you use over an extended period of time? Let us know in the comments!
The multi-talented Faith Erin Hicks is undoubtedly one of the most exciting and versatile cartoonists of her generation. From her hugely popular high school drama graphic novel Friends With Boys to her Eisner Award-winning Adventures of Superhero Girl to video game adaptation The Last of Us: American Dreams, Hicks can seemingly do anything in comics, and do it well.
The Canadian author's latest project is her most ambitious yet, a fantasy adventure trilogy called The Nameless City that follows two kids from vastly different circumstances as they explore the titular city and play a vital role in its evolution. The setting is inspired by the folklore and history of 13th century China and is a place where a number of fictional cultures converge and coexist—though sometimes not without tension.
The first book in the trilogy, appropriately titled The Nameless City, was released last April to critical acclaim, and the second book, The Stone Heart, will be arriving in stores on April 5. And — as you may have guessed from my rambling introduction — I was able to ask Hicks some questions about the new book!
Read on to learn about the adventures awaiting you in the second book in the trilogy, Hick's inspirations, and much more — as well as a glimpse at a few pages of The Stone Heart. And let us know if you are excited for more Nameless City in the comments below!
Zoom In
The Nameless City ended with a pretty radical shift in the way things operate in the titular city, thanks to Rat and Kai. How much is the city at large aware of their role in the change?
Faith Erin Hicks: Most of the City is pretty unaware of the role Rat and Kai played in helping to shift the political opinions of those in power. With these comics I wanted to write and draw a story about kids who may have the ability to affect the future of their world, but they're not Chosen Ones. They're ordinary kids, and while Kai especially may have access to adults who wield political power, they aren't famous or seen as leaders or heroes. They probably won't have statues built in their honor after the trilogy is done.
The General of All Blades' son didn't seem too happy about the idea of a council. Will he be causing problems for our heroes going forward?
It'd be a bit of a spoiler if I answered that question, wouldn't it! Erzi has his own arc, like all of the characters in the comic. Hopefully readers will respond to what he does and what happens to him in the end. The best advice on writing I ever got was from my editor, Calista: "Every character in the story thinks they're the main character." So I work hard to make sure every character in ever story I write has a satisfying emotional arc.
Zoom In
After a rocky start to their relationship, Kai and Rat seemed to be solid friends by the end of The Nameless City. Is it all smooth sailing for the pair from here on out? And what can you tell us about any new friends they might make?
It's not exactly smooth sailing, although Rat and Kai have learned to trust each other more than in Book 1, and that shows in their friendship. But there will still be struggles they have to deal with, because they live in a complicated, unequal world. They'll also meet up with a couple of new characters who are old friends of Rat, but new to Kai. Rat apparently trusts Kai enough that she's okay with introducing him to her cool teen buddies. We'll see how that goes.
The Nameless City is populated by peoples from several different nations, but we don't see any of them firsthand in the first book. Will we be traveling outside the walls at all in The Stone Heart?
Actually, yes! But I can't say much more than that for fear of spoilers. We do at least get to learn a bit more about the world and other nations surrounding the Nameless City, as the Dao start reaching out to try and build a Council of Nations to oversee the City.
Zoom In
You explored themes of class division and xenophobia in The Nameless City, what new ideas has The Stone Heart allowed you to explore?
I guess the theme that people can change if they choose to listen to people other than themselves. Dao society (the society that Kai is from) is built on principles of war and conquering, and I wanted to explore the idea of this society evolving and learning as a result of decades spent in the City. In The Stone Heart we see more of the character of the General of All Blades, someone who had conquered the City and initially was suspicious of the idea of a more democratic government overseeing it. But later on, due to his interactions with Rat and Kai, he begins to see the possibilities of allowing the people who actually live in the City to have a say in their government.
From the cover, it looks like Rat gets a re-designed outfit in this book. Can you tell us about your process for developing the kids' looks and what research might go into it?
My process is pretty grim, to be honest. It's a lot of collecting historical clothing reference, then drawing and redrawing the character until she looks "right." As for what "right" is, usually I only stop designing when I have to actually draw the book. Otherwise I'd keep designing for years, in a foolhardy attempt to get the design perfect. What's frustrating is that no matter how much I design a character, until I draw them on the page, I'm not sure if the design will work out. Sometimes I end up re-designing characters after drawing them for twenty pages or so. For online clothing reference, I enjoyed the Asian Folk Wardrobe Tumblr, which has great photo references of clothing from various countries across Asia.
Zoom In
Has there been any aspect of writing or drawing The Stone Heart that has challenged you in a way that your previous graphic novels haven't?
Combining the historical and fantasy elements of this story was very complicated. Previously all of my books have been set in modern times (or for The Last of Us: American Dreams, which was a prequel comic to the video game, a post-pandemic society), so it was easy to find reference and I understood how that world works because I live in it every day. For The Nameless City, even though the story is fantasy and the world is fictional, I was drawing inspiration from a culture and history not my own, and I wanted to do so with as much sensitivity as possible. I wasn't only writing people who were very different from me, but I was drawing them as well. I wanted to create a rich, multicultural world with a long history, and I wanted all of that history to be apparent on the page.
You do it all on these books except the coloring, which is by the great Jordie Bellaire. What made her the perfect fit for The Nameless City, and how did you pull her away from seemingly coloring every other comic book?
Amazingly enough, Jordie actually wanted to work with me! And I'm so thrilled and honored she did, because I think she makes The Nameless City come to life. I worked really hard to convey the multicultural aspect of this fantasy world when I drew the comic, but the minute Jordie puts her colors down on the page, that is when the City really comes to life. Jordie is amazing.
Are you currently at work on Book 3, or do you have another project you're working on between books?
I'm plugging away at drawing Book 3 right now. I'm a little over halfway done with it, and it should be finished in the summer. I'll be sad to see the completion of this project; it's been incredibly fulfilling to me as a writer and artist, but I'm also looking forward to a bit of a break when the book is done. It's been three years of really hard work, and I'm ready to take a week off, catch up on sleep and play some video games. And maybe read some comics too!
Zoom In
The Stone Heart arrives in stores on April 5 from First Second Books. All artwork by Faith Erin Hicks with colors by Jordie Bellaire.
This is the fourth in a five-part series on Japan's population woes caused by its graying society and low birthrate.
Nakamura, an 18-year-old university student, winces whenever he imagines himself dating a girl.
“I mean, I would have to pay attention to what I wear and rack my brains to figure out where I should take her for a date. . . . It's just too much of a hassle,” he says.
Nakamura, who asked to be identified only by his surname, is happy to remain single. He says it's much more fun playing video games and chatting via texts all night with his male friends than going on a date.
The economics major at a school in Tokyo has never had sex, but he says he is OK with that. A part of him does fantasize about getting married by the age of 30, but he hastens to add: “I don't think that's possible.”
Nakamura is among the young people in Japan that studies show have become increasingly pessimistic toward, or even averse to, romance, sex and marriage — a demographic that, if left unattended, could further accelerate Japan's population slide.
Experts point to a variety of factors contributing to this mindset, from the advent of the Internet to financial insecurity to improving career opportunities for women.
A survey released last January by O-net, a marriage counseling firm, found that 74.3 percent of the nation's 20-year-olds were not in a relationship, compared with 50.0 percent in 1996, when the company launched the annual poll. A separate 2015 survey by the Cabinet Office covering 7,000 people in their 20s and 30s found that about 40 percent of singles in their 20s were “not looking for a relationship” to begin with, thinking “romance is a hassle” or that “they would rather prioritize enjoying their hobbies.”
Going without sex seems to be on the rise as well, especially among men.
A biennial study by the Japan Family Planning Association (JFPA) Inc. shows that the percentage of men in their late 20s who “have no interest in” or “despise” sex stood at 8.3 percent in 2008 before climbing steadily to reach 21.6 percent in 2014. To top it off, a survey by the Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry revealed that the percentage of unmarried 20-somethings who do not wish to have children surged to 15.8 percent in 2012 from 8.6 percent in 2002 for men, and to 11.6 percent from 7.2 percent for women.
Unlike a few decades ago, youths today have grown “disenchanted” with the idea of romance, experts say, due largely to what they see as the not-so-successful wedlock of their parents.
“It's not that their parents are overtly at loggerheads with each other and their marriage is disintegrating. But they don't look super happy being together, either,” says marketing writer Megumi Ushikubo, author of “Renai Shinai Wakamonotachi” (“Youths Who Aren't Into Relationships”). The JFPA survey in 2014 found 44.6 percent of married couples in Japan were not engaging in sex for an extended period.
Their parents' lackluster marriages, coupled with the phaseout of what were called “trendy” TV dramas that inspired many youths into romance during the economic boom in the late 1980s and early 1990s, have resulted in today's youngsters having no “role model” in relationships, according to Ushikubo.
What little interest they have in relationships, then, finds its outlet in digital communities, where they fall in love with anime and manga characters, and become addicted to an array of dating simulation games, says Masahiro Yamada, a professor of sociology at Chuo University.
In addition, Yamada says, Japan's birds-and-bees education has overly emphasized on “negative” aspects of sex, such as the risks related to rape and teenage abortion. That has helped students develop an almost instinctive aversion to real-life physical relations, he says.
Nakamura, the university student, knows all about infatuation with the unreal.
“In anime, everything is perfect. Girls are all cute and guys are handsome and strong. I wish my real life were like that,” Nakamura says, adding his gaze has grown so accustomed to the otherworldly prettiness of anime characters that he sometimes feels disappointed by the appearance of the female students at his university.
In those rare moments when his libido gets the better of him, Nakamura turns to his smartphone in search of an online porn video for quick masturbation.
“I'm not interested in real-life sex. Just watching those videos is enough,” he says.
Another reason for young people's avoidance of romance and sex has to do with Japan's prolonged economic downturn and insecure financial prospects, says Dr. Kunio Kitamura, chairman of the JFPA. The lack of financial security makes the young, particularly men, balk at approaching members of the opposite sex, he says.
Yosuke Hiwatashi, a 23-year-old Kagoshima resident, is a case in point.
Hiwatashi, single and living with his parents, makes money as a dispatch worker to run optical fiber lines to households.
His monthly take-home salary averages ¥150,000, which shrinks to between ¥20,000 and ¥50,000 after buying necessities and paying off the debt to his parents for his university days. If he wants to go out for a drink or two with his friends, Hiwatashi must ask his parents for permission.
But the uncertain nature of his job, such as erratic days off and unusual working hours, makes it difficult for him to hang out with friends in the first place. As such, he says, he winds up spending most of his days off surfing the Internet and watching anime on TV.
“With the kind of money I earn, I can barely scrape by,” Hiwatashi says. “I'm far from fit because I've stopped working out after taking up this job. But I can't afford to buy myself nice clothes, either. Why would women feel attracted to a guy like me?”
Meanwhile, women have their own reasons of not being married, writer Ushikubo says.
Although still far from being satisfactory, Japan's corporate culture has made significant headway over the years in embracing the female workforce, she says.
In traditional Japanese companies, “it used to be that, as a female employee, you were pressured by your boss to get married and quit by the age of 30. But such treatment would be recognized as harassment in today's society, and at least women are not forced to quit their jobs,” Ushikubo says.
But this freedom to pursue a career has resulted in women delaying getting married. Some, she adds, postpone it until they meet what they believe to be the most perfect bachelor possible, blissfully unaware such an opportunity rarely arises.
Rika, a 21-year-old university student, says she isn't into relationships. Hanging out with friends and hunting for a job are far more important priorities for her at the moment.
An aspiring TV anchorwoman, she is also adamant that she will live her life as a dedicated businesswoman.
“Who decided I should be a wife or mother in (the) future just because I was born a girl?” asks Rika, who declined to give her family name.
Now that the Supreme Court has recently upheld the constitutionality of a Civil Code provision forcing married couples to adopt a single surname, Rika says that even if she did find the right partner, she might choose not to register her marriage to avoid complicating her career development. She doesn't want to have a child, either.
Not all youths, however, are as pessimistic toward, or indifferent to, romance and marriage as Nakamura, Hiwatashi and Rika. Some youngsters are merely too shy to approach the opposite sex, despite their inner desire to start a relationship.
Akira, who plays guitar in a band at his university, says he hopes to get married by the time he turns 40, but marriage is low on his wish list. Waiting for his friends one November evening in front of Shibuya Station, he says he wants to pursue his music activities as much as possible while he's still young and “just try whatever catches my interest.”
That is not to say, though, that he is uninterested in romance. Akira says he wants to have a girlfriend — it's just he is not desperate to get one.
“I don't think I would go out of my way to approach girls. I would just wait until the right girl shows up.”
The latest figures for 2014-15 represent a 25 per cent rise on the previous year.
Almost 90 cases involved minor injuries, but four also involved 'serious' harm - including the blinding in one eye of Cannock police officer Jon King by a gas-powered hand gun in Rugeley last year.
He was shot twice in the face at close range when he responded to an incident in Wat Tyler Close in October.
Matthew Tearle, aged 35, of no fixed address, pleaded not guilty to a charge with intent to do him grievous bodily harm at Stafford Crown Court last month. A trial will take place in January.
And there were 27 cases where air weapons were reportedly used as a 'threat'.
The figures have raised the question of whether the laws governing air rifles should be tightened up.
Currently, anyone aged 18 or over can buy one. But anyone aged 14 or over is allowed to fire one, unsupervised, on private land, with the owner's permission.
Advertising
Only the most powerful air weapons require a firearms certificate. But a spring-powered pistol, painted bright orange, can be bought online for £12.99.
A disclaimer on the website of retailer Just BB Guns reads: "The sale of this item has been restricted to adults only. There is no minimum age requirement by law to use this item, however adult supervision is recommended at all times."
Some air guns look like realistic weapons but the retailer restricts their sale to people that can prove a legitimate use such as membership of shooting clubs, theatre or re-enactment groups.
South Staffordshire MP Gavin Williamson said the figures were 'absolutely shocking'.
Advertising
He said: "I'm sure many of my constituents will be very disturbed about such an increase in the misuse of air weapons.
"I think this is something that's going unchecked and you have to look into whether these air guns are getting into the hands of very young people.
"I'm not sure the checks on the sale of air weapons are sufficiently robust and maybe judges should be giving tougher sentences, particularly in the light of an escalation in this sort of crime in Staffordshire."
Figures released under the Freedom of Information Act show that of the offences causing injuries, there were 25 in 2012/13, 25 in 2013/14 and 41 in 2012/13.
Of the four serious injuries, two involved paintball guns.
Christopher Graffius, director of communications for the British Association for Shooting and Conservation said: "To reduce air gun crime we need to educate people that it is serious and that the guns should be treated with respect. There are some 36 laws dealing with them."
Simon Barber, of the National Small-bore Rifle Association, which represents shooting in sport, said: "It is very sad if air guns are being used in this way. These figures will almost certainly relate to people using them outside of regulated situations."
Native American leaders convened for an emergency meeting in Washington to contest the coming auction of hundreds of sacred objects in Paris
Native American leaders have pleaded with France to “look beyond short-term profit” and “do what is right in the eyes of humanity” by halting an auction of hundreds of objects sacred to their spiritual beliefs.
The artifacts scheduled to go up for bidding in Paris at the Eve auction house next week include a Plains war shirt made with hair from human scalps and a rare ceremonial shield. They are expected to fetch tens of thousands of euros.
Native Americans contend that whereas wealthy European buyers merely see something exotic and beautiful to adorn their walls, to them the objects are imbued with life.
JK Rowling under fire for writing about 'Native American wizards' Read more
“When these objects have been created for ceremonies within our community, a spirit goes into them,” Bradley Marshall, of the Hoopa Valley tribal council of California, told a press conference on Tuesday. “When we create the objects, we're in prayer, we're breathing life into the object. And so these objects are not just a mere object in some fancy collection. These objects are living beings to us. These objects are part of our family; these objects are part of who we are as a people; these objects have a sacred purpose within our community.
“At the auction coming up on Monday is one of these objects. We're hopeful that somehow, some day, that member of our community, that member of our family, will be able to return home to us and continue its lifespan within our community. The auctions that take place around the world are deplorable. It harkens to me of the slave auctions that took place so long ago that we thought they were past.”
Since 2013, such auctions have been a diplomatic wrinkle between the US and France, where US laws prohibiting the sale of Native American ceremonial items hold no weight.
Ahead of the latest sale in Paris, the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian held an “emergency meeting” on Tuesday with at least two tribes, the State Department and Federal Bureau of Indian Affairs. Steve Pearce, a US Republican representative from New Mexico who has proposed a congressional resolution urging federal agencies to seek the items' return, was also present.
The press conference at the museum began with the singing of a prayer and burning of a traditional root.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kevin Gover, director of the Smithsonian National Museum of the American Indian, speaking at the 24 May meeting. Photograph: Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
Jackson Brossy, executive director of the Navajo Nation Washington office, said: “We stand united with the tribes in urging the French authorities and the French auction houses to do what is right. These are living, breathing objects. They belong in their homeland. These are irreplaceable and must be returned now. We pray the French authorities look beyond short-term profit, respect American laws and do what is right in the eyes of humanity and stop this auction now.”
We pray the French authorities look beyond short-term profit … and do what is right in the eyes of humanity Jackson Brossy, Navajo Nation Washington ​​office
Governor Kurt Riley, of Acoma Pueblo in New Mexico, told the gathering: “The whole world condemns the destruction of Palmyra by Isis. The National Geographic's cover story this month is about tomb raiders looting the world's ancient treasures. These things are happening while they are also happening in the United States with regard to the plundering of native cultures.”
The Acoma Pueblo has thrived for thousands of years because of culture and spiritual practices including prayer, pilgrimage and the use of sacred objects, including the Acoma shield, which is due to be auctioned on Monday.
“The Acoma shield is a sacred item that no individual can own,” Riley continued. “It is not made for commercial use or intended to be created as of artistic value.”
It was instead designed for use in specific ceremonies for the community and looked after by a caretaker, with an absolute ban on its removal or sale. Riley pleaded with the auction house and France to take immediate action stop the shield going to the highest bidder.
But this is not an isolated case, he noted, with many other artifacts leaving the US through middlemen and ending up as lucrative decorations in Europe. “Without active federal support and involvement, a black market in these cultural items has emerged in the United States.”
Riley said: “Finally we are appealing to the people of France, and to the French authorities, to honour our humanity and the value of our ancient traditional beliefs by stopping this sale and returning this item.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kurt Riley of Acoma Pueblo at the Smithsonian meeting: ‘The Acoma shield is a sacred item that no individual can own.' Photograph: Andrew Harnik/AP
His voice cracking, he added: “When these items leave our pueblo, this is how much it hurts. For a person in my position to speak and express my emotion in this way is maybe in some areas not a role model for males, but this is how much it hurts my people when we see these cultural items put on the internet or go up for sale.”
Other objects to be auctioned off include ancient jewelry and effigies linked to the Hohokam, who once inhabited part of present-day Arizona. There will also be artifacts from the Americas, Africa and Asia.
The tribes have the backing of the US government, which in the past has tried to stop similar sales and has held meetings with French officials, art dealers, academics and lawyers in an attempt to raise their sensitivity to the matter.
Mark Taplin, of the US State Department's bureau of educational and cultural affairs, said: “In the absence of clear documentation and the consent of the tribes themselves, these objects simply shouldn't be sold. This type of commercialisation of Native American cultural property is fundamentally wrong.”
France is America's oldest ally and the countries cooperate on many fronts, Taplin added, “but this is obviously a bit of an exception”.
France has a long history, tied to its colonial past in Africa, of collecting and selling tribal artifacts. The Paris-based “Indianist” movement in the 1960s celebrated indigenous cultures, and interest in tribal art in Paris was revived in the early 2000s following the highly lucrative sales in Paris of tribal art owned by late collectors André Breton and Robert Lebel.
Emmanuelle Lachaussee, spokesperson for the French embassy in the US, said: “We are still in the process of investigating the case. But I can already tell you that the French authorities are mindful of the importance that representatives of Native American tribes attribute to the protection of their cultural heritage, and are giving the most serious consideration to this case.”
Earlier today, we wrote about the Sharp Aquos Crystal 2 handset which got listed by SoftBank in Japan. Well, that's not the only device that was listed by that Japan-based company it seems, Aquos Xx is yet another device which popped up there. We'll talk about it in a second, let's skim over the Aquos Crystal 2 real quick. The Aquos Crystal 2 is a successor to the Aquos Crystal 'bezel-less' handset which was announced by this company last year. The Aquos Crystal 2 isn't a huge improvement over its predecessor, but it does offer a bigger display and somewhat improved internals. The device will go on sale in July this year, so stay tuned for that.
That being said, the Aquos Xx is a very interesting device, and Sharp's new flagship by the way. The Aquos Xx features a 5.7-inch full HD (1920 x 1080) S-CG LCD display along with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage (expandable up to 128GB). This handset is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 64-bit octa-core processor which ships with an Adreno 430 GPU for graphics. The 3,000mAh battery is also a part of this package, and Android 5.0 Lollipop comes pre-installed on this handset. The 13-megapixel camera (CMOS sensor) is located on the back of Sharp's new flagship, and a 2-megapixel snapper (CMOS sensor) is available on the front side of this handset. This handset offers 4G LTE connectivity, measures 146 x 79 x 8.7mm and weighs 16 grams.
The Sharp Aquos Xx sports a rather interesting design, and it looks really sleek. It looks like a polished version of Aquos Crystal / Crystal 2. The bezel is almost non-existent on the sides and above the display, and it has a chin below the display, but the chin looks far better this time around. The chin is rather thin and... well, it doesn't look half bad, at least compared to the Aquos Crystal and Crystal 2 where It's very much noticeable. The Aquos Xx will go on sale in June 2015 and will be available in Black, White and Red color options. You can check out all of these color variants in the gallery down below.
Media outlet dongA�met with SM's producing director Lee Sung Soo this past November 10 in Seoul's Cheongdam District to learn more about the recent developments being initiated within the company. It was during this meeting with the press that Lee Sung Soo mentioned the questionable lyrics of f(x)'s "Red Light."�
Lee stated, ""�
Lee was discussing the increasing importance behind the lyrics in pop music, particularly now that the "per capita income is rising."�
The lyrics weren't deemed particularly problematic when the song was first released; however, with Lee's statement the implied meaning behind the song has come to light.�
What are your thoughts on Lee's seemingly left-field statement? Do you think the usage of the word 'sinking' in reference to the Sewol tragedy could be considered insensitive?�
News
Adam Whitelock announces move to France
Details Published: 08 October 2014
Canterbury and Crusaders midfield back Adam Whitelock has announced he will be taking up a contract with French rugby club, Bayonne, at the conclusion of this ITM Cup season. Whitelock, who has played over 50 games for both the Crusaders and Canterbury ITM Cup team, said it was a difficult decision to make but he is now excited about the opportunity ahead.
"I have had the most amazing six years playing for these teams. I have been fortunate enough to play with my three brothers for much of the time that I have been here and also with such an awesome group of players, coaches and management. It is going to be really tough saying goodbye to all of those people and to Christchurch, but playing in France is something I've always wanted the chance to do and I believe the timing is right," Whitelock said. "I would like to say thank you to everyone at Canterbury Rugby and the Crusaders who have helped me become the player and person I am today. Thank you also to the fans and the community for all of their support."
Adam made the move from Manawatu to Christchurch to study at Canterbury University in 2006. He played in the Canterbury under-19s and Canterbury Colts before making his debut for the Canterbury team in 2008, so has been involved in all of the last six Premiership-winning teams. He was picked up by the Crusaders the following year and has played 56 games for them since then. He has also had a stint in the NZ Sevens team, being selected for the Glasgow and London legs of the 2013/14 IRB World Sevens Circuit. Coach Gordon Tietjens said at the time that it was his reputation as the fittest member of the Canterbury and Crusaders squads that earned him the spot.
"I have had so many great experiences playing rugby in New Zealand and I am grateful for every one of them. I still have this ITM Cup season to play out as well and although we have a lot to do and some really tough teams to play, I am determined to give everything I've got to this team as we head into the playoffs and a tilt at our seventh title," Whitelock said.
Canterbury and Crusaders CEO Hamish Riach said Whitelock has been a huge asset to both organisations and will be sorely missed: "Adam, along with his brothers, George, Sam and Luke, has been a core member of these teams for a number of years now. We realise how fortunate we are that the Whitelocks chose to call Canterbury home and it was Adam who was the first to move here. We have thoroughly enjoyed having Adam around for the last six years and wish him only the best for the future."
Crusaders Coach Todd Blackadder said Adam's professionalism and work ethic have made him a shining example for other players to look up to: "Adam is one of the hardest workers in this team. He is consistently the fittest member of the squad but still strives to become better every year. He is the ultimate professional and has been an absolute pleasure to work with. We'll all miss his presence around here."
Canterbury Coach Scott Robertson also acknowledged Adam's significant contribution on and off the field: "Adam is a coach's dream – you know that he will give his all every single time, and he motivates those around him through his actions. He is such a humble and understated guy that he probably isn't even aware just how significant his contribution to this team has been. Knowing that it will be Adam's last season with Canterbury will give this team even more motivation to give the rest of this ITM Cup campaign their best shot and make it a fitting farewell for their good mate."
Whitelock has signed a 20-month contract with Bayonne and will begin shortly after the ITM Cup season is over.
5 Online Backup Solutions for Ubuntu Linux
As the digital age progresses, the amount of data we produce each year is snowballing. There was a time when we could fit all of our personal digital data on a few floppy disks, but many of us now have hundreds of gigabytes, or even terabytes, of photos, videos, music, and documents that we need to backup and protect. Backing up our data locally is essential, but any good backup plan should also include off-site backups. “The Cloud” has promised us unlimited, cheap storage where we can save our ever-growing data. Online cloud backups should be a part of your overall backup plan, but it's crucial that your data is secure, encrypted, and backed up automatically. Here are a few online backup tools that aim to make cloud backups easy for desktop Linux users.
Disclosure: Some of the links in this post are affiliate links. Click here for more information. Some of the companies that I love and recommend to my friends and readers have affiliate programs that allow me to earn a commission when you click on one of my recommendations and make a purchase or sign up for a service, and at no extra cost to you. That's a pretty sweet deal! Don't worry though; I won't recommend anything that I don't use and love myself and always try to give my honest opinion about the products and services that I review.
CrashPlan
CrashPlan by Code42 is a backup service similar to Moxy or Carbonite but with some extra features that make it especially interesting. Unlike other popular online backup solutions, CrashPlan supports Linux as a first-class operating system.
I've used CrashPlan for more than eight years with excellent results. In fact, Crashplan has saved me from disaster on multiple occasions! Over the years, I've looked into many backup systems for Linux, but always end up sticking with CrashPlan because it works so well, and has features I can't find anywhere else (like continuous backups, easy restores, and unlimited backup storage).
The interface is easy to understand, and I haven't had any problems or crashes while running CrashPlan on Ubuntu. I backup my main desktop and my Ubuntu file server (with over 1 TB of data) to the Cloud42 cloud. After the initial backup, CrashPlan makes incremental backups, meaning that changes to your files are backed up quickly.
CrashPlan provides excellent security for your backups. Data is automatically encrypted before upload with your account password, or you can choose a separate custom archive password for backups. Having an archive password that is different from your account password means that when you back up to CrashPlan's servers, there's no chance for anyone to be able to snoop around in your data. I highly recommend using an archive password — just make sure you don't lose your password, or you won't be able to access your backups!
Choosing which folders and files to backup is simple, you can select your whole home folder or just specific folders that you want to backup. There are also advanced options which allow you to exclude certain file types (like .avi) from backups. Restoring data is simple as well. It's possible to restore whole folders or individual files to their original location or to any other folder. You can also restore previous versions of files and even deleted files.
Overall, the CrashPlan client works great on Linux, but one change would make it even better. There is no graphical installer or deb file available, so installing CrashPlan on Ubuntu requires some work in Terminal. The installer is relatively simple to use and works perfectly on Ubuntu 16.04, but it would be nice to have a GUI installer for Desktop users. This is not a showstopper, but it would be nice if the CrashPlan team could provide a more streamlined Ubuntu installer.
If you have a lot of data to backup online, CrashPlan's pricing is very competitive. Many online backup providers are now charging a per GB or have backup limits, but CrashPlan offers unlimited plans at reasonable prices. CrashPlan also offers a FREE trial!
SpiderOak One
SpiderOak One is a multi-platform cloud service that you can use for making secure online backups. SpiderOak offers folder syncing and sharing features along with backup and has a real focus on security and privacy. SpiderOak One client are available for Linux, macOS, Windows, iOS, and Android. Pricing starts at $5/month for 150 GB of storage and goes all the way up to 5 TB of storage for $25/month.
Installing the SpiderOak One client on Ubuntu couldn't be easier. I clicked the “Download One” button at the top of their website, and in a few seconds, Firefox was offering to open the SpiderOak DEB installer in Ubuntu 18.04's default software installation tool. I clicked “Install” when the file opened in Ubuntu Software and in a few moments, SpiderOak was installed. Their attention to detail for the Ubuntu client is really to be commended! There are also RPM installers for Fedora, RedHat, and CentOS.
Making simple backups is a straightforward process; you just select the files and folders you would like to keep safe on the “Backup” tab. You can restore files from any of your connected computers by selecting them in the “Manage” tab and downloading them to either the original or alternative location. Unfortunately, restoring historical versions of files needs to be done on a per-file basis.
The SpiderOak One client offers a wide range of advanced features like syncing and sharing files with “ShareRooms,” but the interface can be confusing to understand. You'll want to take some time to dig into all the features that SpiderOak One offers to get the most out of the software, as it provides much more than simple online backups.
I've tried SpiderOak many times over the last decade (yeah, they've been around for a long time), and I've always walked away from the experience disappointed. This time around, however, I feel like the SpiderOak team have finally created a great backup and sync experience. I respect the SpiderOak privacy and security philosophy and appreciate their contributions to the open source world. Their pricing has become more attractive recently as well. SpiderOak is an online backup service with high ideals, a service that I've always wanted to love, and version 7 of their backup client may have finally convinced me to stick around for good.
Duplicati
I was turned on to Duplicati by Johan over at Your Friendly Penguin. He was looking for an open source alternative to CrashPlan to use at work and spent quite a lot of time researching all the options out there. He eventually settled on Duplicati, and I decided to give it a try as well.
Duplicati has been around for almost ten years, and the developers recently launched Duplicati 2 beta, a complete re-write that took nearly five years to finish. Even though it's still in beta, Duplicati 2 seems stable and polished. Installation on Ubuntu is a breeze with their DEB installer.
Once Duplicati is installed, it runs as a service in the background. You configure backups, restore files, and monitor the system through a web browser interface which connects to the local Duplicati server. This server-based approach allows (with proper network and firewall configuration) you to control Duplicati remotely. In fact, you could manage backups on all of your computers from any computer with a web browser if you like.
Duplicati lets you back up to a wide range of destinations including local drives, SFTP, WebDAV, Amazon Cloud Drive, Amazon S3, Azure blob, Backblaze B2, Box.com, Dropbox, Google Cloud Storage, Google Drive, mega.nz, OneDrive, SharePoint and more. Chances are, you already have some cloud storage available on one of these services, so getting started with off-site cloud backups is easy with Duplicati.
Backups can be run on a schedule or manually, but continuous backup like that available with CrashPlan or SpiderOak is not an option. Adding a new backup job is simple, and Duplicati walks you through all the steps. The interface for selecting the files you want to include in your backup is one of the simplists I've seen. The developers have created something simple while still giving you access to advanced features.
I tested Duplicati with BackBlaze B2 as the storage backend, and it worked well and was surprisingly fast. The file restoration process was straightforward as well and was quicker than I expected. You can choose to restore the latest version of your files or select from any of your previous backup snapshots. It's possible to restore a single file or entire directories, and you can restore them to their original path or an alternate location.
Simply put, Duplicati is a very robust backup solution for desktops and servers. If you're looking for a free and open source backup program for your Linux, macOS or Windows computer, I recommend that you give Duplicati a try.
CloudBerry Backup
CloudBerry Lab makes a wide variety of cloud-centric backup software for Windows, macOS, and Linux. CloudBerry takes a different approach to online backups than most companies. They don't sell online storage space but instead focus on creating backup software that connects to pretty much every significant cloud storage provider.
When combining CloudBerry Backup with a low-cost storage provider like BackBlaze B2, you could easily back up your data at a reasonable price. You'd have to figure out the costs involved for your situation, but with storage prices getting lower all the time, you may be able to save money with this approach over a traditional backup plan.
In my testing, the CloudBerry Backup client is not as easy to use as CrashPlan and SpiderOak, but it does offer a lot of customization for backup and restoration that may come in useful for edge backup cases. CloudBerry also seems to be more stable on Windows than Ubuntu. Overall, it does the job of backing up and restoring files, but I didn't feel overly confident in the stability of the software. I also don't like their file encryption scheme which does not encrypt filenames before uploading to remote storage.
CloudBerry provides a DEB installer file for Ubuntu, and it installed for me without any problems. The interface will be familiar for those who have used multiple backup solutions in the past, but I wouldn't recommend it for inexperienced home users.
While I like the idea behind CloudBerry and appreciate their support of the Linux desktop, I don't quite feel comfortable trusting my backups to CloudBerry just yet. I'll be keeping an eye on CloudBerry Backup as new versions are released in the future.
Deja Dup + Google Drive or NextCloud
The default backup solution in Ubuntu is Deja Dup (aka “Backups”). Deja Dup is a simple, easy to use program, but it has all the necessary features needed to backup online. Files are compressed and securely encrypted (if you give it a password) before leaving your computer. You can save backups to local folders, external drives, and standard servers using protocols like FTP, SSH, Windows shares, WebDAV, NFS, and even AppleTalk. Backups are incremental, which means that after the first backup, the program only has to send changes to the server.
If you're running Deja Dup on Ubuntu 18.04 with the GNOME desktop, you can very quickly configure backups to save to Google Drive or NextCloud. To enable this functionality, you need to add your Google or NextCloud account details to the “Online Accounts” in the main GNOME settings. Of course, you could point Deja Dup at any folder that syncs with an online sync service like Dropbox, Tresorit, PCloud, etc.
The simplicity of Deja Dup also comes with some downsides. The developers have kept things very simple, so there are few advanced options for power users. Also, restoring files is an “all or nothing” process. This means that you need to download the entire backup archive to restore just one file. With bulkier backup sets, the restoration process could prove very time-consuming.
Overall, Deja Dup is an excellent backup program that's been around for a very long time and should be useful to almost all Ubuntu users. If you need to make local or remote backups, Deja Dup is a super simple and secure option.
Conclusions
In 2018, it's easier than ever to securely back up your Ubuntu computer to the cloud. Most of the services above offer a free trial or free service level, so you can try them out without losing any money. Combining Deja Dup or Duplicati with free cloud storage is an excellent option for backing up your most important files for free. If you need to backup large amounts of data or have multiple computers to backup, CrashPlan offers rock-solid backups of unlimited data at a reasonable price. If you want a ton of features besides just backups, you should certainly look into SpiderOak. Most importantly, don't procrastinate; start doing online backups today!
Previous Backup Solutions
In the past, we've talked about backup solutions on this page that are no longer available. Here's a list of them, for historical sake.
Ubuntu One: Canonical's defunct backup and sync client. JungleDisk: Still around, but with new owners and they no longer support Linux desktops. Wuala: Closed down and now recommending Tresorit (a wonderful cloud sync client with Linux support but no support for traditional backups).
Loading comments...
CCTV has emerged showing the moment two 13-year-old boys were assaulted in Derby's River Gardens.
The two victims were walking along the riverside path at about 5.20pm on Tuesday, December 8 when a man approached them.
One of the boys is assaulted is punched onto the ground (Derby Constabulary)
One of the boys was punched and pushed over the railing next to the river, while the second was punched and shoved to the ground next to the Derby City Council House.
Police have released footage of the incident and have highlighted three people they want to speak to in connection with it.
Two are girls, thought to be in their late teens, one of whom was riding a bicycle.
Police also want to speak to a man, who is shown wearing what appears to be a grey tracksuit.
PC Steve Harper, who is investigating the incident, said: “The victims had stayed later at school completing extra work for their Duke of Edinburgh Award and were then walking through the River Gardens in order to get to the bus station and catch their bus home.
“The assault is particularly nasty as it appears completely unprovoked.
“We have released the CCTV, with the consent of the victims parents, in the hope that anyone recognise the highlighted individuals or witnessing the incident will contact us.”
Anyone with information about the assault should contact PC Steve Harper on 101, quoting crime number 53103/15, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The author of the New Yorker report about New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie fetching McDonald's for then-candidate Donald Trump said that former campaign aide Sam Nunberg's claim he was the source is false.
"This is incorrect," tweeted Ryan Lizza on Friday. "Sam Nunberg was not the source of The New Yorker's anecdote about Chris Christie and McDonald's."
This is incorrect. Sam Nunberg was not the source of The New Yorker's anecdote about Chris Christie and McDonald's. https://t.co/ZG7Re6W7z7 — Ryan Lizza (@RyanLizza) November 18, 2017
In a Politico piece published Friday, Nunberg said he made up the story to embarrass Christie.
“The sad reality is that it was believable,” Nunberg claimed.
Lizza later said he "unfortunately" was not contacted for the Politico piece.
Unfortunately we were not contacted. Not the end of the world. The piece is otherwise great. (The author, @jdawsey1, is one of the best reporters in Washington.) And Politico has updated it to reflect that Nunberg wasn't my source. https://t.co/29be3FeNK1 — Ryan Lizza (@RyanLizza) November 18, 2017
In June 2016, Lizza reported a Republican told him “a friend of his on the Trump campaign used Snapchat to send him a video of Christie fetching Trump's McDonald's order.”
Christie's office denied the story, which had gone viral, calling it a “bit of sleaze” and “pure trash.”
This is a guest post by Kile Jones, a religious studies PhD candidate at Claremont Lincoln University and founder of the Claremont Journal of Religion. He's also a contributor to the Feminism and Religion blog. It's a fascinating essay about what Giordano Bruno actually believed. And since the statue pictured in this blog's banner is of Bruno, erected on the spot where he was killed by the Inquisition, it seems particularly appropriate to publish it here. Thanks to Kile for sending it to me.
The Cosmos, Bruno, and “Thrice-Blessed”
by Kile Jones
With the recent episode of the revamped Cosmos T.V. series, and its discussion about Giordano Bruno, it seems pertinent to discuss what Bruno actually thought and wrote about. In many ways Bruno is a champion to atheists worldwide; however, many do not know his history, the strains of philosophical thought that inspired him, and the ancient wisdom he tried so hard to restore. One such line of thinking is what is commonly referred to as “Hermetic” philosophy, and the Hermetica is one of its central texts.
The pagan intellectual tradition comprised in the Hermetica is one of immense importance for the study of classical philosophy and theology. Not only does the Hermetica give insight into the social environment of the early C.E. centuries of Alexandria, but it specifically sheds light on the various philosophical and religious schools of the day, such as Neo-Platonism, Gnosticism, Orphism, and Pythagoreanism. The Hermetica, properly understood, is a 2nd and 3rd century C.E. compilation of pseudopigraphal (“false writings”) dialogues between Hermes Trismegistus and his various listeners on theology, cosmology, and the nature of the soul. Trismegistus (thrice-blessed), so the legend goes, was a pre-Mosaic, Egyptian priest who aided in the construction of the pyramids, who, up until the critical textual methods of the late Renaissance thinkers, was considered genuine. Only through the eventual use of modern historiographical methods have scholars of the Hermetic movement agreed that the Hermetica was most likely composed by numerous authors over various times, much like Homer's Iliad.
The Hermetica was written at a time when Alexander the Great had, through his various conquests, brought Greek learning to Egypt, which ushered in the famous Hellenistic Age. Alexander's general, Ptolemy, became his successor, and he reformed Egypt, which was once ruled by the Pharaohs, turning the ancient land into a modern day Athens. His Hellenization of Egypt left many Egyptians looking back upon their golden age, when Egypt had prospered and contributed great religious and cultural products we now look back at in wonder. The Demotic Chronicle, for instance, contains anti-Greek sentiments while looking forward to an Egyptian ruler, one fragment notes: “They say a man of Herakleopolis is the one who will rule after the foreigners and the Greeks. Take joy, oh High Priest of Harsaphes!”
The Herods, a few centuries later, developed a Jewish state within the Roman province of southern Israel. Constructing a Jewish vassal-state within the Roman Empire was not an easy task. Often times the Herods were at odds with the Romans and their bureaucratic political structure. They likewise faced troubles from their own countrymen who saw them as Roman tyrants. The Herods along with the Jewish state ended with the Great Revolt and the eventual destruction of Jerusalem by Titus in 73 C.E.
Prior, during and after the destruction of Jerusalem, Christianity emerged as a strong movement with its own view of politics, social ethics, and spirituality. The Hellenized form of Christianity is what was around in the Alexandria of the Hermetica; the Neo-platonic thought of Origen, the philosophical logos of Clement, and the science of Didymus. These strands of thinking permeated the intellectual atmosphere of Alexandria and reveal the climate in which the Hermetica was composed.
Early on in the Hermetica we see what the prize is for the correct worshippers of God: “They rise up to the father in order and surrender themselves to the powers, and having become powers, they enter into god. This is the final good for those who have received knowledge: to be made god.” This process of theosis (humans becoming god) is not simple in any sense of the term; rather, it involves deep contemplation, spiritual direction from a learned sage, and magical incantations, to name only a few methods. The Renaissance magicians would add natural science to the various steps of achieving theosis. Yet it was this idea that pushed scholars like Bruno to contemplate the implications of speculative philosophy, astrology, and magic. The goal was that if one could properly understand the order of the cosmos and align themselves with the divine essence within the cosmos, one could ascend to some form of godhood.
Even though the material world is thought of as part of God, there is nevertheless a hindering aspect of to it. In good old fashion Neo-Platonic and Gnostic thought, the cosmos is bifurcated into two realms: the immaterial realm that consists of mind, reason, intellect, good, spirit, angels, demons, and God and the material realm which consists of ignorance, confusion, brutality, evil, and fleshly passions. In the Hermetica, this point is made quite clear when Hermes tells Asclepius “Only the name of the good exists among mankind-never the fact. It cannot exist here. Material body, squeezed on all sides by vice, sufferings, pains, longings, angry feelings, delusions and mindless opinions, has no room for the good.” Not far after this passage, Hermes describes the physical body as “the garment of ignorance, the foundation of vice, the bonds of corruption, the dark cage, the living death.”
Now let's see how this relates to our favorite martyr.
Giordano Bruno was born in Nola, Italy in 1548, son to soldier in the Italian army. Early in his life Bruno became fascinated with philosophy, theology, and the art of memory, for which, at the young age of fifteen, he committed himself to the Dominican Order. After ordination as a Catholic priest, Bruno fled Italy with word of the inquisition and eventually abandoned the Dominican Order to become, at least for a short time, a Calvinist. Shortly after this Bruno moved to Paris in order to avoid what he felt was the religious fanaticism of both Catholics and Protestants. In Paris, Bruno lectured on philosophy and theology and became well known for his outstanding memory (to which some attributed it to magical powers). During this time Bruno formulated his various beliefs on the infinity of universes, the magical powers in nature, and the immanent ontology of God. In Venetia, while waiting for a position as professor, Bruno taught in house lectures to the Mocenigo family, who eventually finding distaste for him, turned him over to the inquisition for heresy. Upon being transferred to Rome, Bruno was found guilty of heresy against the Church for which he was burned at the stake on February 17, 1600.
Giordano Bruno thought of himself as the new embodiment of the ancient Egyptian sages who followed the line of Hermes. Bruno felt that he was the prototype of the new triumphant man, who, with Copernican astronomy in one hand, and hermetic knowledge in the other, dove into the hidden knowledge of the universe. Bruno, who by our standards might be considered egotistical, spoke of himself as the one who “has given eyes to blind moles, and illuminated those who could not see their own image, he has loosened the mute tongues, he has strengthened the crippled limbs.” Bruno felt that he had arrived at the knowledge of the universe which elevates humanity into divinity; Frances Yates, one of the foremost scholars on Bruno, describes his self discovery: “Thus it is as man the great miracle, knowing himself to be of divine origin, that Bruno soars into the infinite to grasp and draw into himself the newly revealed reflection of infinite divinity in a vastly expanding universe.” Thus the overarching goal of Bruno was that humankind would, by understanding the nature and workings of the universe, realize their own divinity and rise above the restricting medieval rankings of God first, humanity second, and the cosmos third. This agenda clearly harkens back to Hermes proclaiming that the greatest knowledge is to be made god. How Bruno attempts to achieve this goal of illuminating humanity is by reminding them of God and their relationship to him.
To Bruno, God is not some transcendent entity who is distinct and separate from the world. Bruno, in his famed Cause, Principle, and Unity, assumes the role of Teofilo, who through dialogue with his companions, imparts to them the proper way of thinking about God's relationship to the world; while discussing God, Bruno, through the character of Teofilo, equates God with the universal intellect and world soul: “The universal intellect is the innermost, most real and most proper faculty or potential part of the world soul. It is that one and the same thing that fills everything, illuminates the universe and directs nature to produce her various species suitably.”
Similarly, Bruno describes God as the “intrinsic principle” of the cosmos that causes its movements. Clearly this theology resounds with the teachings of the Hermetica that all things that exist are in god. Bruno believed that the cosmos were infinite, yet united as one, which led to the identity of God and the world. Antonio Calcagno, speaking on Bruno's metaphysics, has this to say: “Bruno's logic of cause and effect is interested in that he makes the relationship between God and the creation one of identity. God and the universe are both infinite. Ultimately, because of this relationship of identity, one can see why Bruno had to admit that God is all things and all things are God.” What Calcagno correctly realizes is that Bruno, due to his cosmology, had to associate God and the world as ontologically identical. How this ties into Bruno's Renaissance idealism is that if God and the world are identical, and we as humans are part of the world, then logically we are part of God, and thus divine. Yet we do not always recognize our true nature, which is where Bruno's anthropology comes in.
Even though humanity and divinity are identical there still remains an overall epistemological lack on the part of humanity. Bruno saw this as due, at least in part, to the negative teachings of the medieval scholastics, who put an insurmountable chasm between God (infinity) and humanity (finitude). There was a sort of Dark Age when the wisdom of the Egyptians, the Neo-Platonists, and the Hermetics was lost in time; yet it was with the ushering in of the Age of Science and the radical advances in astronomy that the golden age would be brought back, and Bruno was its spokesman. To Bruno, humans were to become super-humans through their ability to scientifically extract the meaning from the book of nature. Bruno was very fond of Copernicus, even to the point of attributing to his messianic descriptions; for instance, Bruno refers to Copernicus as having a “divinely ordained appearance which was to precede the full sunrise of the ancient and true philosophy after its age long burial in the dark caverns of blind and envious ignorance.” Bruno thought of Copernicus as a John the Baptist character that would usher in the great day of awakening, when humanity became God by utilizing their full scientific and magical power. Blossom Feinstein compares Bruno's anthropology to Alberti, Goethe, Wordsworth, Nietzsche, G.M. Hopkins, [and] D.H. Lawrence because it emphasizes the connectedness of God and man. This connectedness is where Bruno and other Renaissance magicians parted ways with orthodox Christianity by identifying God with the cosmos and the cosmos with humanity, and thus humanity with God.
As much as Bruno might be considered an oddity to our modernized conception of an academic, nonetheless, his great achievements towards freedom of speech, astronomy, and philosophy of science were of enormous impact and helped shift the history of science as we know it. If we are to commend Bruno for anything, we must commend him for his belief in the freedom of speech. H. James Birx has noted that “Bruno's iconoclastic ideas and unorthodox perspectives remain a symbol of creative thought and free inquiry,” and even up to the present time Bruno is considered one of the great champions of freedom of speech. Bruno could not tolerate the epistemological chokehold that Catholicism had put people into; he likewise could not stand the Aristotelian and scholastic intellectual aristocracy that was not open to new discovery and which shunned all forms of perceived dissent. This distaste for Catholic fundamentalism became a tradition of its own, with men like Hume and Voltaire as its champions.
One of the great contributions, and the one to which this paper mainly focuses on, is Bruno's influence on Hermeticism. With the revival of Hermeticism and Occult philosophy, specifically by Henry Agrippa's voluminous writings and Marsilio Ficino's Latin translation of the Hermetica, Bruno was able to synthesize, formulate, and promote what may be considered a high Hermetic worldview. Bruno's insistence that humanity must rise to divinity, that God and the cosmos are ontologically connected, and that knowledge of one's nature and the world produces psychic salvation, leave Bruno categorized as the epitome of a Hermetic Renaissance thinker. Bruno, as this epitome, was able to synthesize ancient Hermetic philosophy, Neo-Platonism, Occult, and Renaissance science into an all- encompassing hybrid worldview that proceeded to influence his intellectual progeny. Bruno continues the long tradition that urges humanity towards progress, both spiritual and scientific, with the hope that someday discovery will take us to the place we ultimately desire. The erection of Bruno's memorial statue in the same location where he was executed by the inquisition reminds us of more than his place in Renaissance history; it speaks of his continuing influence up to the present.
New Delhi: A team of AIIMS doctors has submitted a fresh report to police on the mysterious death of Sunanda Pushkar, wife of former Union minister Shashi Tharoor, maintaining that she died of poisoning.
The new report by the three-member panel of doctors, who had conducted the autopsy on her, was prepared on the basis of the findings of the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) which had examined Sunanda's viscera, sources said.
They said that the team had again concluded like it did in its first report that her kidney, liver and heart were functioning normally and that her death was caused by poisoning. The new report was submitted to police nine days ago.
The viscera report of CFSL in March had hinted at drug poisoning but police considered it as inconclusive. It then asked All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) to re-examine the report and give its findings.
The three-member team has now submitted the “Subsequent Medical Board Opinion" to the police on 30 September.
Sunanda was found dead in a 5-star hotel in South Delhi on the night of 17 January , a day after her Twitter spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar over an alleged affair with Tharoor.
The probe into the case was handed over to the Crime Branch on 23 January. However, the case was transferred back to the South District police two days later on 25 January.
PRESS RELEASE Evans-Pritchard Says the ‘Everything Bubble' About To Blow Out Dec. 16, 2017 (EIRNS)—EIR and experts such as banking historian Nomi Prins have been warning since May 2017 that the Federal Reserve's slow and fraught raising of interest rates is a ticking time bomb, because of the super-accumulation of unpayable debt in the trans-Atlantic financial systems. The London Daily Telegraph's International Business Editor Ambrose-Evans Pritchard, in a Dec. 14 piece, "The Bubble Is About To Burst," focuses on the likelihood those rate increases will now speed up, and says it will bring on a general financial crash. Evans-Pritchard is not the only one now using the term "the bubble" for the immense expansion since 2010 of corporate debt used for speculation, "junk" and leveraged-loan debt, auto loan and other "subprime" consumer debt, sovereign debt, and the re-expansion of increasingly exotic derivatives familiar from 2007. Like many British and London-influenced analysts, he wants to focus, above all, on China's credit expansion. But in this column he wrote, "We will learn in 2018 just how much tolerance there is for an aggressive Fed and a dollar squeeze in a global economy where debt ratios have risen to a record 327% of GDP, up from 276% a decade ago." The debt/GDP ratio is now 295% in the United States economy, the same or perhaps slightly higher than in China, but with vast amounts of that debt growth in the United States having been for stock and bond market speculation and corporate "financial engineering" with their own stocks. Evans-Pritchard says the U.S. tax cut legislation set to pass this week is disastrously timed. Inflation has already started to rise in the United States; the dollar has been falling significantly. (This is true. But he also said that "wage inflation is taking off," which is untrue; real wages in the United States have fallen for five months straight through November, both hourly and weekly.) But he concluded the Fed is going to speed up its rate increases and raise the discount rate four more times in 2018; and this is going to blow out the "everything bubble." He added, "The Chinese central bank (PBOC) is keenly aware of the danger. It has drawn up a contingency plan, fearing that China may be compelled to ‘shadow' the rate increases." The People's Bank of China did, in fact, raise its discount rate one-quarter on Dec. 14, the day after the Fed's rise. Application of the Glass-Steagall Act in the United States—as already exists in China—is urgent.
Talk about a power nap.
US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross was caught on camera taking what appeared to be a snooze during President Donald Trump's speech in Saudi Arabia Sunday.
As Trump closed out his speech — yes, at one point even mentioning the importance of commerce — the camera on the White House live stream panned to show aides and officials listening to Trump's address on the dais. Ross, who was sitting in the same row as Ivanka Trump, could be seen with his eyes closed and head down and wearing what appears to be a headset for translation as Trump spoke.
Advertisement
The president's address was the centerpiece of his two-day visit to Saudi Arabia, his first overseas trip since his January swearing-in.
During the speech, Trump implored Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern countries to extinguish ‘‘Islamic extremism'' in the region, describing a ‘‘battle between good and evil'' rather than a clash between the West and Islam. He also all but promised he would not publicly admonish Mideast rulers for human rights violations and oppressive reigns.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Waterfox 44.0.3 Release (Windows & Mac)
Waterfox 44.0.3 is now available to download, with important stability fixes.
What's new in Waterfox 44.0.3?
Updates
Disabled Tracking Protection for non-private browsing instances as it was breaking various pages relying on tracking cookies
Disabled 64-Bit Plugin whitelist to allow all 64-Bit plugins to run
What's new in Waterfox 44.0.2?
Updates
Buttery smoothness has returned
Fixed frozen loading icon
Replaced snprintf definition causing Intel's C++ compiler to generate bad output (and therefore the cause of almost all crashes)
Partnership with Ecosia
Waterfox has now partnered with Ecosia as a way to raise funds. When using Ecosia, revenue generated from ads helps plant trees and contributes to Waterfox upkeep costs! If you'd like to help support Waterfox while also doing some good in the world, please help us out by using it!
Donate to Waterfox
If you'd be interesed in helping out with Waterfox's costs directly, check out the new 'Help Support Waterfox' page where you can donate with Bitcoins :-)
As always, head to the Downloads page for the latest versions!
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Wireless Networks
Available to: Students, Faculty & Staff
Service Summary
Mason's wireless networks are designed to complement wired network services and provide convenient and secure access to network resources and the Internet. Information Technology Services (ITS) provides wireless network access in all academic, administrative, residential, recreational, and dining spaces across the university. Please contact the ITS Support Center to report concerns about wireless coverage or access, and Network Engineering will engage with you to resolve the issue. Wireless networks are available to Mason faculty, staff, and students, their sponsored guests, and members of the eduroam federation.
Mason offers three broadcast wireless networks to the university community:
MASON-SECURE is an encrypted wireless network open to Mason faculty, staff, and students only. This network uses 802.1x for authentication and authorization. Network Engineering recommends that all faculty, staff, and student devices that support 802.1x be configured to join this network.
is an encrypted wireless network open to Mason faculty, staff, and students only. This network uses 802.1x for authentication and authorization. Network Engineering recommends that all faculty, staff, and student devices that support 802.1x be configured to join this network. MASON is an unencrypted wireless network for registered devices and captive portal authentication. This network is targeted to visitors and guests, but is open to the entire Mason community. Via device registration, it supports faculty, staff, and student devices that cannot use 802.1x.
is an unencrypted wireless network for registered devices and captive portal authentication. This network is targeted to visitors and guests, but is open to the entire Mason community. Via device registration, it supports faculty, staff, and student devices that cannot use 802.1x. eduroam is an encrypted wireless network open to members of the eduroam federation. This network uses 802.1x for authentication and authorization. This network is targeted to eduroam visitors and guests, but is open to the entire Mason community.
For better security and the most feature rich experience at Mason and beyond, Network Engineering recommends everyone configure their devices for 802.1x authentication. As an alternative to 802.1x authentication, Mason faculty, staff, students may register up to five devices for network access. While any device can be registered, Network Engineering recommends this only for devices that cannot use 802.1x authentication, such as wireless printers, robotics systems, and game consoles.
All users of Mason's wireless network must adhere to:
University Policy Number 1302: Wireless Networking and
University Policy Number 1301: Responsible Use of Computing.
How to Get this Service
These three wireless networks are available from every wireless access point on campus. To use MASON-SECURE and eduroam, you must configure your device for 802.1x authentication. Please see the 802.1x Authentication service catalog entry for more Information.
To use MASON, you must authenticate via a captive portal or register your device. To register a device, visit https://mydevices.gmu.edu. Visitors and guests may also register for access. Please see the Guest Network Access service catalog entry for more information.
There are no charges to faculty, staff, and students for wireless network access.
Availability
This service is available 24/7, excluding planned outages, normal maintenance windows, and unavoidable events. Maintenance windows are Sundays from 7 to 11 a.m. but may be extended to 2 p.m., if needed. If maintenance is required outside of these hours, it will be announced on the Planned Outages web page.
Getting Help
Assistance for all IT Services is available through the ITS Support Center:
Phone: 703-993-8870 Fax: 703-993-3347 E-mail: support@gmu.edu Online: Submit a Request Hours of Operation: Monday thru Thursday, 8:00 a.m. - 10:00 p.m.
Fridays, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Saturday, 10:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.
Sunday, 2:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.
Walk-in Support
Fairfax Campus*: Innovation Hall, Room 226
(*closed Thursdays 3:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. for team meetings)
Last modified date: October 22, 2015
Russia claims it needs information from Telegram to put the app on a list of information distributors that officially operate within the country. While Pavel Durov, the founder of Telegram, says that the company is happy to register, he refuses to comply with any requests that violate Telegram's confidentiality policy.
The reason behind Russia's demands? It says that terrorists have been using the Telegram app to plan attacks, including a suicide bombing in April. While Telegram has been shutting down known terrorist channels on the network, it's easy for them to create new ones.
This is just the latest conflict in the ongoing struggle between the need to protect users' privacy and a desire to crack down on terrorist communication. For now, though, it appears as though users' Telegram data is safe: Durov has been vehemently arguing in favor of privacy protection on Twitter and has made it clear the service won't compromise on this issue.
The Commander-in-Chief jokes that the government is building its own version of Tony Stark's super-powered armor at an event on manufacturing innovation.
At a White House event promoting manufacturing innovation, President Obama said, “I'm here to announce that we're building Iron Man,” after ticking off advances in cloud computing, metallurgy and weapons building.
The audience broke up laughing at the joke and Obama clearly enjoying himself added, "I'm gonna blast off in a second.” Then the President confessed it was a joke -- or was it? "This has been a secret project we've been working on for a long time. Not really. Maybe. It's classified," he added.
As Slate and Gizmodo note, the Pentagon has already been working on its own (much less cool) version of a Iron Man-style battle armor in the Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit (TALOS).
The purpose of Obama's speech was to announce the creation of “Manufacturing Innovation Institutes” in Chicago and Detroit to develop cutting-edge technologies and translate them into commercial products—something he talked about in this year's State of the Union speech. The administration has already set up hubs in Youngstown, Ohio and Raleigh, North Carolina and is looking for more money from Congress to fund more.
See Obama's Iron Man remarks below.
Johan Djourou is attracting Bundesliga interest from HSV Hamburg as his future remains up in the air.
The Swiss international spent the second half of last season on loan at Hannover 96, making 19 appearances in the German top flight, and there has been talk of him extending that deal into next season.
However, as with other situations, wages are an issue, and today Bild report that Hamburg have Djourou on their radar. Again, not as a permanent signing but for a season long loan.
Whether Arsenal have deigned Djourou to be as dispensable as players like Denilson, Bendtner, Chamakh and Park remains to be seen.
He's still got some years left on his contract and the Gunners will try to maximise their return on a player who lost his way after showing some serious promise.
Ontario is making arrangements to provide care for children from countries affected by the U.S. President Donald Trump's travel ban who can no longer receive life-saving surgeries in America.
Health Minister Eric Hoskins said it has come to the government's attention that some of these children are being turned away solely because of where they were born.
"We're fortunate here in Ontario to have such high-quality pediatric specialists and hospitals so we have the technical ability to help and it seemed natural almost," he said. "This is what Canada believes in, helping where we can, helping vulnerable children from around the world."
Story continues below advertisement
Trump's executive order — issued last Friday — temporarily bans travel for people from Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Libya and Yemen. It also temporarily halts the U.S. refugee program.
Surgeons in the U.S. approached colleagues at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto and told them they had to cancel surgeries for children coming from those countries, Hoskins said.
Sick Kids then reached out to the Ontario government, which Hoskins said is working to facilitate any surgeries that can be performed here. He has also spoken to the federal government, which has indicated it is ready to help to potentially expedite visas for the children and their families, Hoskins said.
The Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario is also able to provide specialized pediatric care, he added.
"Given that this is a critical time for these ill children, our ministry and Ontario's specialized children's hospitals, which provide best-in-the-world care feel the responsibility to act quickly," Hoskins said.
It's not known yet how many children the support would cover, Hoskins said, but at this early stage Sick Kids has received "several" requests.
Ontario already has programs in place to provide health care on a humanitarian basis, Hoskins said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"We do it from time to time in different ways, so we're confident we have the ability to provide Sick Kids with whatever support they would need," he said.
The U.S. State department could not provide numbers on exactly how many children from the seven countries might be stuck in such a situation; planning to come to the U.S. for medical treatment but prohibited from doing so during the travel and immigration ban.
The department said under 60,000 people have had their visas temporarily revoked under the ban.
A State department source said there are provisions for the government, on a case-by-case basis, to make exceptions to the ban. It was not immediately clear if the government had done so for any children requiring medical care.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the State and Homeland Security departments are currently working to "identify exceptions" to the ban.
With a report from Adrian Morrow
Key Highlights
Dash price managed to remain above the $80 support, and now back above $100.
The last highlighted bullish trend line on the 4-hours chart of DASH/USD (data feed from Poloniex) is still intact with support at $95.
On the upside, the price is facing sellers near the $118 and $120 levels.
Dash price remained well-supported this past week against the US Dollar. After a dip towards $80, DASH/USD is now back in the bullish zone.
Dash Price Support
In the last analysis, I mentioned that Dash price may soon break the $100 handle once again. It not only broke the stated level, but also managed to clear the last high of $102.35. It created a new high above $110 and traded as high as $118.16. The most important point is the fact that the price remained supported above $80. There was a move towards the 38.2% Fib retracement level of the last wave from the $48 low to $102.35 high where it found support.
Moreover, I highlighted a bullish trend line in the last analysis on the 4-hours chart of DASH/USD (data feed from Poloniex) with support at $90. It kind of played well, and helped the price remain above $80. It is currently intact with support at $95. If the price dips from the current levels, then the trend line support might play well above $90. It also coincides with the 38.2% Fib retracement level of the last wave from the $65 low to $118.16 high.
So, if the price moves down, it might find support near $95 and $90. On the upside, there is a resistance trend line near $120. It may stop the current upside for now before buyers step up the momentum.
Looking at the indicators:
4-hours MACD – The MACD for DASH/USD is currently flat with no major direction.
4-hours RSI – The RSI for DASH/USD is well above the 50 level, which is a positive sign.
Intraday Support Level – $90
Intraday Resistance Level – $120
Charts from Poloniex; hosted by Trading View
A spokesman for the group, Alex Poucher, told RT America:
“Our capability to take down ISIS is a direct result of our collective's sophisticated hackers, data miners, and spies that we have all around the world. We have people very, very close to ISIS on the ground, which makes gathering intel about ISIS and related activities very easy for us.”
Poucher added that the hacktivist group “will not sit by and watch these terror attacks unfold around the world.”
Yesterday, Anonymous declared a “total war” on ISIS in response to the deadly attacks in Paris. Shortly after, ISIS responded, calling the hackers “idiots.” According to our friends at Newsbreaker, the message came through the encrypted chat service "Telegram" believed to be affiliated with ISIS. The message reportedly read: "The #Anonymous hackers threatened in a new video release that they will carry out a major hack operation on the Islamic state (are) idiots... what are they going to hack?"
ISIS did admit that Anonymous has managed to hit some email and Twitter accounts. They've gone so far now that they've released guidelines to their followers on how to avoid being hacked. The Telegraph reports these instructions included warnings to us VPN, a tool to make the user's location online, as well as changing the IP address constantly.
This is turning into a veritable Hackers Vs. Terrorists showdown. Do you think Anonymous will prevail in hurting ISIS' operations? Sound off below.
WANT MORE? SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE #OFFTHEGRID UPDATES
Interested in receiving #OffTheGrid show updates, advance sneak peeks, giveaways & more awesome in-the-know info about the show? Click here to subscribe to our regular e-updates.
A number of major movie studios are bidding for the rights to adapt Patrick Rothfuss's blockbuster novel The Name Of The Wind this weekend at San Diego Comic-Con. According to the Hollywood Reporter, interest in the series has surged as the expected publication of the final installment draws closer.
Advertisement
Rothfuss's hit fantasy novel follows Kvothe as he recounts the story of his past growing up to become one of the world's most notorious magicians. First published in 2007, the novel has made Rothfuss one of the biggest names in fantasy literature. A sequel novel, The Wise Man's Fear, appeared in 2011, and the third book in the Kingkiller Chronicles trilogy, The Doors of Stone, is expected to be published in 2016.
Adaptations of fantasy novels have become major hits, with HBO's Game of Thrones setting a high bar while MTV is set to release The Shannara Chronicles, based off of the novels by Terry Brooks in January 2016. The attention being paid to Rothfuss's series is encouraging, with a number of studio heads from Warner Brothers, MGM, Lionsgate, Fox and Universal all trying to snap up the series for themselves.
[Hollywood Reporter]
Kickstarter started out as a platform for group buys, low-volume manufacturing, and a place to fund projects that would otherwise go unfinished. It would be naive of anyone to think this would last forever, and since these humble beginnings, we're well into Peak Kickstarter. Now, Kickstarter, Indiegogo, and every other crowdfunding platform is just another mouthpiece for product launches, and just another strategy for anyone who needs or wants money, but has never heard of a business loan.
Of course there will be some shady businesses trying to cash in on the Kickstarter craze, and over the last few years we've done our best to point out the bad ones. Finding every terrible Kickstarter is several full-time jobs, but we've done our best to weed out these shining examples of the worst. Following up on these failed projects is something we have been neglecting, but no longer.
Below are some of the most outrageous Kickstarters and crowdfunding campaigns we've run across, and the current status of these failed entrepreneurial endeavors.
SOAP
It's not just the springboard for [Billy Crystal]'s career; the Soap Home Automation Router promised to be one of the most capable WiFi routers in existence. With a touchscreen display, every radio imaginable, and a very powerful iMX6 CPU, this is the router that could do everything. Shortly after the launch of the Kickstarter, things started to fall apart. The first design illustrations for the Soap router were actually not of a new device, but lifted directly from the drawings of [bunnie]'s Novena laptop project. Furthermore, it turned out the iMX6 CPU couldn't do Gigabit Ethernet. It was a mess, a project that launched about six months too early, and a project that was doomed to failure.
Shortly after the Soap router was exposed, I managed to get an interview with the creators, and things actually looked positive for a while. They hired an engineering team, refined their project goals, moved from a completely custom PCB to a System on Module, and generally made the campaign sane. It got worse from there.
SOAP collected $142,112 from their Kickstarter campaign and another $260,079 from an Indiegogo campaign. They made it out to CES early this year after one of the founders picked up a very nice ride. After that, SOAP put out a press release via a Kickstarter update with a tale of prescription drug addiction, skipping the country, and then finally creating one of the most advanced home routers in existence.
SOAP is dead, it's not going to be released, and backers on Kickstarter and Indiegogo are requesting a refund.
The Batteriser
Ahh, the Batteriser. This tiny metal clip fits over AA, AAA, C, and D cells to extend the battery life of your electronic devices by up to 800%. How does it work? There's a small boost converter tucked into this metal clip that draws all the power out of a battery. It's complete hogwash, as [Dave Jones] demonstrates most electronic devices already suck all the electrons out of a battery. Oh and, one of the failure modes for the Batteriser is fire, which is great if your design goal is to make a terrible product.
Since its launch, the folks behind the Batteriser have suffered the slings and arrows of people who know their stuff, forcing them to take to social media to defend themselves: “Batteriser proves to be effective on new devices! Here is a test we did with a new apple blue tooth keyboard“, says one post, demonstrating that just like their batteries, the Batteriser people only use 10% of their brains.
[Dave Jones] has since jumped on the Batteriser with the tenacity shown in his Solar Roadways teardown and has already posted a lot on the subject. Unfortunately, the Batteriser campaign is still ongoing, and this campaign will succeed. At least we got some great videos about testing battery discharge for our trouble.
Lix, The USB Powered 3D Printing Pen
There have been a number of 3D printing pens that have come on the market in the last few years, and for the most part they're interesting tools. They're not quite as cool as putting plastic filament in a Dremel and performing friction stir welding on your 3D printed parts, but these devices can be useful.
By far the sleekest 3D printer pen we've ever seen is the Lix. It's barely larger than a normal 2D pen, and it's conveniently powered by a USB port. When we called this pen out as being a scam, the reasoning was simple: you need a lot of power to melt filament at a reasonable rate, and Lix had a maximum power consumption that was about a third of what a 3D printer hot end sucks down.
The Lix Kickstarter had an initial delivery date of October, 2014. Now, in August 2015 the backers are going wild. Since then, a number of similar products have come on the market, including this little guy for $19. This is the challenge of backing unproven technology from someone who doesn't know the relation between heat and power.
A Phone That Charges Itself
A cell phone case that can recharge a cell phone using energy from a cell phone. Wait, what? It's the Nikola Labs phone case, and it doesn't make any sense at all.
The best analogy for this cell phone case is a solar-recharging flashlight, with the solar panel right in front of the bulb. Yes, it will recharge itself, but as any 12-year-old with two electric motors will tell you, perpetual motion is impossible and there's no such thing as a free lunch. The Kickstarter campaign failed despite an incredible early PR push. In fact, this is one of the true failures of all the Kickstarters we've covered and debunked: it's the only one featured in this post that did not meet its funding goal.
Why didn't the Nikola Labs campaign not meet its goal? If you look at the comments for the campaign, it's because the Nikola Labs team wasn't responsive enough. Midway through the campaign, communication from the team stopped. Would it have succeeded if the team kept going? That's anyone's guess, but the low number of pledges through the middle to the end of the campaign could have picked up if the team produced any proof that the device worked.
Let that be a lesson: if you're going to scam people on crowdfunding sites, you need to follow through with the campaign. If you're playing a confidence game, you first have to believe in yourself.
The political firebrand that is Al Sharpton spent a segment of his Sunday show, PoliticsNation, praising the Hillary Clinton/Elizabeth Warren combination and condemning anyone who thought otherwise. He even went so far as to accuse women on Fox News of being “anti-woman.” “Apparently just the sight of two powerful outspoken women on stage together is enough to send the right into a tail spin,” he stated, before showing clips of primarily female FNC personalities criticizing Clinton and Warren's matching outfits.
“Did you see the matching pantsuits? I mentioned the matching suits and the need for maybe a color wheel with these women,” teased Harris Falkner in one clip. Lisa Kennedy of Fox Business joke in another, “They're Thelma and Louise at the end of the movie.”
“Thelma and Louise? I mean, did you expect this kind of anti-woman backlash we're seeing with Clinton as the nominee,” asked a very serious Sharpton to Terry O'Neill, the President of the National Organization for Women.
O'Neill slammed the ladies of Fox News exclaiming, “I think that anti-woman backlash is to be expected from anti-woman conservatives.” She followed up her baseless attack by championing Clinton's candidacy, “But they really are the dream team, right? Hillary Clinton is an unapologetic feminist progressive. And to have here in the White House would be absolutely amazing!”
O'Neill soon turned her sights on the GOP as whole, saying the nomination and endorsements of Donald Trump proves the party is full of bigots. “That makes the entire Republican Party the party for racist, xenophobic, misogynistic policies. I don't see how the Republican Party gets around that in any kind of way,” she said.
Partial transcript below:
As many of you have already noticed, the wheels keep turning faster and faster now, and the engine of change has been put into a brand-new gear. This engine of change is indeed a formidable piece of machinery, and that is because all of the components of this machine are alive. And you count as perhaps the most vital parts of this machinery, and when we say vital, we do mean that in every connotation of the word. For this living machine, this powerful creation that in turn creates the New is in fact nothing more than a conglomeration of souls, some of them inhabiting a physical body, such as yours, while others exist on the etheric plane. And together, you make up a huge and complex army of co-workers, all connected together in such a way, that no matter how hard any single one of the components tries to hold back because of fear, this cannot stop the continuation of this whole operation.
For as we have told you before, fear in itself is the single most inhibiting factor there is, and previously in the history of mankind, a small portion of fear administered at just the right time was enough to literally stop any one of you in your tracks. And so, controlling the destiny of mankind was simply a matter of chemistry. For although you associate fear with an emotion, it is in the physical sense merely a result of a whole cocktail of diverse chemicals being released into your bloodstream, and when these chemicals enter your system, they trigger all of those emotional and physical symptoms you all know so well. And we are talking about some incredibly small amounts of chemicals in the forms of hormones that can trigger such a powerful response, so no wonder this mechanism was considered to be such a foolproof weapon of deterrent for those beings set on controlling the minds and the hearts of mankind.
Remember, you have been well trained to follow your mind, and when the mind sits in the driver's seat, the mind will always be subjected to these chemical emissions that will trigger these fight or flight mechanisms that are an intrinsic part of the crippling of mankind's inherent power. But now, as you have managed to finally bypass this system of “mind over matter”, you have also managed to curtail the actions of all of these chemical reactions within your body. For when the heart steps back into its rightful place at the helm, the heart will always know how to handle these signals the body will be sending out at any given time. For the heart will know how to distinguish between signals that are important to heed, and to ignore all of those false alarm bells that may go off at frequent intervals. For the heart will know when someone is trying to play games with you, and so, the heart will raise above the din of voices trying to scare you back into submission with all of these numerous outbursts of “cry wolf”.
For the heart is the seat of your soul whenever you inhabit a physical body such as yours, and so, the heart will know when to take action, and when to sit back and simply let these waves of chaos wash over you. And as long as you manage to stay in your heart, your body will also learn to follow the wisdom from within and to stop falling for the same old tricks of creating havoc by creating fear. For this chemical cocktail of mental warfare that is released whenever the old instinct of fear is triggered is simply a programmed response, it is indeed one of those old “bugs” that was implanted into your system by those that needed an easy way to control you all. And what they did, was to insert a sequence of chemical reactions that could be triggered remotely by subjecting you to a vibration in the form of a specific range of frequential waves. So it is in many ways like having a radio receiver within you, one that has been set to a station where it can only receive those low frequency signals that will automatically set off the same crippling physical and emotional reactions every time. For as you all know so well, the onset of fear will cancel out any seemingly well-informed and clear minded reaction to these low-vibrational wave patterns, and so, whenever fear sets in, it usually manages to override any and all sensible and well-calculated response. For fear is like a panicked horse, taking off at full speed, not heeding which direction it runs, as long as it can simply flee blindly away from any perceived threat. For this is the fight or flight mechanism in its beautiful simplicity, it blots out anything except that overwhelming feeling of danger, and so, it disables all of your other faculties.
But not so any longer, at least, not so for all those like you who have managed to disentangle yourself from that old master, the mind, and who have let the heart step forth and relieve the mind of its former duties. For as long as the heart is once again in command of the command center, these low-frequency modulations still being sent out will fail to reach that radio within you. For you have effectively tuned away from these old stations of fear and you have been retuned in such a way, your internal radios have been set to receive only the new frequencies, those that simply carry one message, the message of love. And so, what you have chosen to receive, will help to set all of those old mechanisms back to zero. Of course, you all still carry the ability to produce these same chemicals that are used whenever your body needs to react in a swift and decisive manner, but now, the difference is that you will know what and how to respond, and you will also know when it is a false alarm, something to simply be ignored. For remember, these old stations sending out these distress signals are still very busy doing just that, and for those still choosing to tune in to these transmissions, there will be no end of triggers coming their way, and they can choose to literally drown themselves in these floods of inhibiting chemicals being released into their bloodstream.
For fear is indeed still a powerful presence in many people' s lives, that is, if they choose to let it. While for so many others, love has taken that all-important space within them, and love is the one guiding light that will keep them going, no matter what the rest of their fellow men will think or do. For although fear can have such a devastating effect on mankind, it is no match for the power of love, and even if this may sound like the title of one of your popular tunes, it is also a verifiable fact. Remember, love is also a frequency, and it is a frequency of such an amplitude, it can override everything else. And so, when love enters, nothing else can come in and block it out. For nothing in All creation can carry a tune that is able to affect love negatively in any way. For LOVE is the vibration that is the pinnacle of All, and anything not compatible with the frequency of love will simply just bounce off and be deflected by that shield of harmonics that the frequency of love creates within anything carrying it.
For remember, everything is energy, and love is in a category of its own when it comes to frequential signature. Because God is love, and love is the frequential signature of God. And you are all also a part of this creation, and you are all also a part of God, and so, you carry these same receptors for tuning into this frequential pattern within you from the very beginning. But as you have been put through a process of reprogramming, these receptors of love was inhibited in such a way, you became easy prey for those controllers who wanted you to answer to their calling, and so, you became retuned to favour the frequency of fear as we discussed previously. But now, those old programmings have been set to null and void, and so your station of love is once again ready and able to receive the full spectrum of programs coming from Source, and as such, you will all find yourself dancing freely to the new tunes streaming into your very being from this Source of love.
We know we speak in simple terms yet again on a subject that for many still hold the significance of life and death in a very real way, but we choose our words in this manner in order to remind you all of the joy that lies embedded within these frequencies of love. For you have spent most of your lives under the thumb of fear, and you have walked upon this Earth with a frown upon your face, heavily laden with sadness and dejection, and indeed any kind of low density emotional output you could care to name. For emotions are also energetic, and what you have been subjected to for so long, has left you dragging your feet from the heavy onslaught of emotional input and output that has been pulling you in a downward spiral, seemingly forever. But now, the hold from these old densities has been easing off, and now you are all more than able to simply shrug off the rest of them and let your spirit lift you up like a bright, shimmering balloon, all the way up to the sky. For with these brand new frequential signals of love comes a buoyancy that will lift you, body and soul, ever higher, and with it also comes the emotional equivalent of lightness, in the form of bliss, joy and a deep sense of relief. And that is why we are here to remind you that you need not carry that old weight of emotional crippling baggage with you any longer, for it is no longer yours to carry. We know we have talked about this subject again and again, but once again it bears repeating.
For you have all entered a new stage now, one that is not intended for playing out those old dramas that you have become so used to playing out, it is almost impossible for some of you not to keep it up. But this stage has been set for a very different purpose, namely for YOU to create upon. For this time, you will be the creator, you will be the director, and you will be the crew putting it all together. For now, it is up to you to set the rules, or if there are to be any at all, and this time, it is up to each and every one of you to let your heart's desire come out to play – in every sense of the word. For you are now free to create, and you are no longer forced to listen to that same old tune of fear, and you are indeed free to let that love streaming into your being come out again through your heart, your eyes, your voice and your entire body.
For when you choose to embrace love, it is not something that becomes contained within you, it is something that simply flows through you and out into your entire world again. So use it, and relish in using it, and know that you can never run out of it. In fact, the more you let this love flow, and yes, we us the word “this” with intent, for this love is not yours, it is for all – the more you let this love flow through you, the faster this flow will increase. And the faster you learn to let go of the need to control this love, the faster the rest of this world of yours will find a way to access this love from within themselves too. For the more love you manage to transmit out into the ethers from your own open heart, the easier it becomes for those still listening in to the broadcast of fear to hear the calling from this beautiful song above the din of disinformation. And that is why we keep reminding you to simply allow the love to flow into your heart, for as soon as it enters that wonderful transmitter of yours, it can be broadcast back out again in all directions, touching the hearts of millions of others, nudging the spark that lies dormant within them, setting it alight in such a way that the connection to the old mechanism of fear becomes severed once and for all in them all.
Advertisements
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. - One person is dead and another hospitalized after a shooting outside a Miami Gardens shopping center Friday afternoon.
From Sky 10, police could be seen escorting shoppers away from the Rainbow store on 199th Street and 2nd Avenue.
According to police, a man was approached by an armed man who demanded his gold-chain. The armed man then shot the victim in the leg.
The victim returned fire and killed the attempted robber.
"It happened so fast," witness CeCe Milton told Local 10's Terrell Forney. "We were inside the store and I came out to put things in my trunk and all you could hear were gunshots."
"He shot back," said another witness. "It was self defense."
The victim was airlifted to Jackson in stable condition.
Initial reports said a woman had been shot. This information was incorrect.
Watch Local 10 and refresh Local10.com for updates on this developing story.
Copyright 2012 by Post Newsweek. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Speaking at a conservative fundraiser in Iowa on Saturday evening, former Alaska governor and Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin compared the United States' debt to slavery, claiming that younger Americans will be shackled by the country's spending.
The Des Moines Register's Jennifer Jacobs reports that Palin, speaking at the Iowa Faith & Freedom Coalition's fall fundraiser, warned of the allure of "free stuff" offered by the government.
"This free stuff, so seductive. Why do you think marketers use free stuff to bring people in? Free stuff is such a strong marketing ploy," Palin said. "But didn't you all learn too in Econ 101 there ain't no such thing as a free lunch? Our free stuff today is being paid for by taking money from our children and borrowing from China."
Palin continued, "When that note comes due -- and this isn't racist.. but it's going to be like slavery when that note is due. We are going to be beholden to a foreign master. Because there is no plan coming out of Washington, D.C. to stop the incurrence of debt."
Watch a clip of Palin's remarks above.
Palin has previously invoked slavery in criticizing President Barack Obama and his policies. In March 2012, she told Fox News' Sean Hannity that Obama is "bringing us back...to days before the Civil War, when unfortunately too many Americans mistakenly believed that not all men were created equal."
"What Barack Obama seems to want to do is go back to before those days when we were in different classes based on income, based on color of skin," she said.
During the Iowa speech, Palin also took her fellow Republicans to task for not standing behind the party's conservative wing during the government shutdown fight over the Affordable Care Act.
0 Pot edibles hit store shelves
BELLINGHAM, Wash. - It's 10:30 p.m. in an industrial strip mall, and a woman at the front of a long line of people checks her watch, and tries to peer in the covered front door of Bellingham's "Top Shelf" Cannabis store.
"We were supposed to be inside now, right?" She asked, checking her watch again.
She was among many cannabis customers who heard this was going to be the first retail 502 store to sell pot you don't inhale.
"We're going to launch the first edibles in the state of Washington," said Top Shelf co-owner John Evich. We can stay open until midnight."
He would be the first retailer to sell legal edibles, like pot-infused Chex mix and trail mix.
Trouble is--the supplier of marijuana edibles John was expecting was very late. "She should be here at any second," he said.
Why is John's 502 retailer the first to offer edibles? John says the state put an emergency stop on the sale of pot edibles in July--so the liquor control board could approve packaging so as to not appeal to kids--and clear labeling, to explain how much pot is in what you're eating.
Despite the late start, Evich is anticipating a complete edible sellout in hours.
"I think 50 percent of our market eventually going be the edibles and the oils," he said. "We've had request after request."
We asked the question--if it looks like a snack, wouldn't it be tempting to eat several servings?
"That would be like somebody drinking a beer compared to 16 ounces of tequila--it's all one's own responsibility, it should be labeled, but at the same time, would you drink 16 ounces of tequila?"
John says it would be equally irresponsible to eat an entire package of a marijuana edible before reading the label and knowing how you react to one serving.
Eventually, Evich expects to sell everything from pot-infused baclava, to salad croutons. But none of it will be inexpensive.
"With the numbers we've kind of talked about, with the cost we're looking at and adding the tax to it, I'm thinking we're going to be at $30 a package for the edibles."
Imagi Studios (creator of TMNT), today announced that multiple BAFTA Awards winner Matt Lucas (for the popular BBC comedy series “Little Britain”) has joined the cast of its CG-animated motion picture “Astro Boy.” Lucas joins Nicolas Cage, Donald Sutherland, Kristen Bell, Nathan Lane, Bill Nighy and Eugene Levy with Freddie Highmore in the title role.
David Bowers (Flushed Away) is directing Astro Boy from a screenplay written by Timothy Harris (Trading Places, Kindergarten Cop), with Maryann Garger producing.
The iconic character Astro Boy has found global popularity since his creation in the early 1950s by Japan's Osamu Tezuka, known as the “god of manga” and “father of anime,” and has been the hero of three acclaimed animated television series aired around the world.
The movie is slated for domestic release on October 23, 2009.
GETTY The migrant crisis is costing the UK £100,000 per day
Official figures show for the first time how securing the besieged port town and surrounding region is proving a huge drain on taxpayers.
Since 2010 almost £200million has been spent trying to repel those looking to sneak into the UK.
The sum lays bare the scale of the migrant threat just 20 miles off the English coast. Calais, the focus of the chaos, has been turned into a waiting room for economic migrants with 5,000 holed up in a camp dubbed the Jungle.
Ukip MEP Mike Hookem said: “This huge sum of money has not stemmed the flow of migrants trying to get into Britain illegally and consequently must be chalked up as a waste of money. The Calais crisis is making a mockery out of our immigration and security policy and is an insult to people in the UK who are genuinely in need.”
The outlay includes £7million on fencing to surround the Eurotunnel terminal, a £2million upgrade of detection technology and boosting Border Force's dog searching capability by £1million.
The amount spent over the past five-and-a-half years could have funded 8,000 nurses.
Lured by the prospect of jobs, benefits and free healthcare stowaways were stopped at the border at a rate of 153 a day in the first six months of the year, the Home Office said. There were 27,755 attempts to sneak into Britain illegally between January and June.
GETTY Calais has become a waiting room for economic migrants with 5,000 holed up in the Jungle
This compares to 12,980 in the first six months of 2014 and 6,238 in 2013. It means the number risking their lives for the chance of a new start jumped 350 per cent in just two years.
If the French were doing their job properly none of this would have occurred Tory MP Philip Hollobone
Tory MP Philip Hollobone said: “British taxpayers will be staggered at the amount of money spent on extra security in and around Calais. “If the French were doing their job properly none of this would have occurred. “Asylum seekers continue to try to break into Britain because they know so many do get through.
“What we should be doing is returning asylum seekers who make it here to the last safe country they came from and in most cases that will be France.
GETTY There were 27,755 attempts to sneak into Britain illegally between January and June
“If we make it clear that asylum seekers making their way to Britain will be returned, the flow would dry up. Calais is the frontline in Britain's fight against illegal immigration. With as many as 150 migrants arriving every day, they swell the numbers of a lawless community rife with mafia gangs and people traffickers. During the summer knife-wielding gangs fought pitched battles trying to force their way on to British-bound trains and trucks.
The crisis prompted Home Secretary Theresa May and counterpart Bernard Cazeneuve to sign an AngloFrench agreement to make the UK a “less attractive place for illegal migrants”. But the true scale of the burden on the public purse emerged after the Conservatives' Lord (John) Patten demanded to know the cost of the British commitment in northern France.
In response, Home Office Minister Lord Bates said: “Since 2010 the Government has spent £196million in Calais and the surrounding locations to secure the border, which includes day-to-day activity such as carrying out passport checks on all passengers, searching for illicit goods, as well as stopping and deterring illegal migration. “Part of this figure includes the recent investment to reinforce security through infrastructure improvements at Border Force's controls in northern France.”
Despite her obligation to deal with the migrant flood, the mayor of Calais, Natacha Bouchart wants to scrap the Le Touquet treaty which pushed the border across the Channel. The deal, signed in 2003, allows British border security to be stationed at terminals in France. If it were axed thousands of refugees would be free to cross the Channel, raising the spectre of squalid migrant camps dotted along on the English coast.
GETTY Since 2010 almost £200million has been spent trying to repel those looking to sneak into the UK
Oh come on, all you. Really.
How could anyone think differently?
Anyone? Buhler?
John Kass, IRS scandal a reminder of how I learned about The Chicago Way (h/t @bryanjacoutot):
I didn't understand it all back then, but I understand it now. Once there were old bosses. Now there are new bosses. And shopkeepers still keep their mouths shut. Tavern owners still keep their mouths shut. Even billionaires keep their mouths shut. One hard-working billionaire whose children own the Chicago Cubs dared to open his mouth. Joe Ricketts considered funding a political group critical of Obama before last year's campaign. Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Obama's former chief of staff, made it clear that if the Cubs wanted City Hall's approval to refurbish decrepit Wrigley Field, Ricketts better back off. It happened. He backed off. It was sickening. But it was and is Chicago. And now — with the IRS used as political muscle and the Obama administration keeping that secret until after the president was elected — America understands it too.
Kimberley Strassel, The IRS Scandal Started at the Top:
President Obama and Co. are in full deniability mode, noting that the IRS is an “independent” agency and that they knew nothing about its abuse. The media and Congress are sleuthing for some hint that Mr. Obama picked up the phone and sicced the tax dogs on his enemies. But that's not how things work in post-Watergate Washington. Mr. Obama didn't need to pick up the phone. All he needed to do was exactly what he did do, in full view, for three years: Publicly suggest that conservative political groups were engaged in nefarious deeds; publicly call out by name political opponents whom he'd like to see harassed; and publicly have his party pressure the IRS to take action. Mr. Obama now professes shock and outrage that bureaucrats at the IRS did exactly what the president of the United States said was the right and honorable thing to do. “He put a target on our backs, and he's now going to blame the people who are shooting at us?” asks Idaho businessman and longtime Republican donor Frank VanderSloot.
Jonathan Tobin, Denial Flows Like a River at the IRS (h/t Instapundit):
Miller's evasions and inability to face up to the enormity of this affair are bad enough. So too is the failure throughout the IRS to own up to the problem or to correct it long ago and to promote the person who appears to be among those responsible for the outrages. But the willingness of the IRS to conform its practices to the political opinions of the White House is the root cause of this scandal.
Doug Ross, BUSTED: The Complete IRS Scandal Timeline in Spreadsheet Format:
Moi:
The Democrats and media demonized the Tea Party and Homeland Security painted smaller government groups as potential threats, and guess who gets targeted by the IRS.
Android (rooted): Today, the developers behind Cydia and Mobile Substrate announced that Cydia Substrate will be coming to Android. You read that right: Cydia on Android. In fact, Winterboard is already available.
Advertisement
So, what does that actually mean? Well, Cydia Substrate is a platform for modifying a device without actually having the source code. Technically, the Android community has the source for stock Android, but owners of devices from HTC or Samsung have certain elements that are not open source (and, in fact, neither are Google's own apps). Cydia Substrate allows tweakers to customize those things without flashing entirely new ROMs.
This is accomplished with what are known as "substrate extensions." By itself, Cydia Substrate doesn't actually do anything from the user's perspective—it's more of a tool for developers. However, it means we may see some new kinds of tweaks for Android, especially ones coming over from iOS—in fact, the only extension that's available in the Cydia Substrate app itself is Winterboard, the tool that iOS users have been using to customize their devices for a while. More tweaks and tools will likely arrive in the coming months.
Advertisement
Android users will need to root to install Cydia Substrate, which is available on the Play Store. Also, keep in mind that as of right now, this is all experimental. The developers have tested the app on Android versions from 2.3 to 4.2, but there are a lot of devices out there, so your mileage may vary.
Cydia Substrate (Free) | Google Play via iDownload Blog
The BART Board of Directors is set to discuss how to combat fare evasion at its Thursday meeting as part of its fiscal year 2018 budget discussion.
BART is losing millions annually to fare evaders, and the issue is continuing to grow, according to Lateefah Simon, a BART district director who oversees parts of Berkeley, Oakland and Albany, among other cities. BART staff has proposed to spend $800,000 in the next fiscal year to combat this issue.
The board will consider increasing staff and establishing a team of fare inspectors to avoid fare evasion tactics such as gate hopping. The increase could add six full-time community service officers and one full-time police administrative specialist.
Another strategy detailed in the staff's budget proposal would clarify BART's fare policy and rules and update regulations. A drafted ordinance to change these rules reinforces that all passengers must have a valid ticket in the paid areas of BART and further clarifies proof-of-payment requirements.
The preliminary budget memo also includes proposals to allow staff to monitor the validity of tickets outside the station agent booths — the only location where staff can currently check tickets. BART staff has designed a hand-held remote that can inspect ticket fares and print a record of inspection.
BART spokesperson Jim Allison said in an email that another proposed solution is to lock the swing gates and give station agents the ability to unlock them with a remote from inside their booths.
The proposal to spend $800,000 to combat fare evasion is a staff recommendation, and the BART board will finalize the agency's budget in June, according to Allison.
“For the mother of four who pays for her ticket everyday — and the hundreds of thousands of riders who pay into the system, we owe it to them to create stations that are clean, secure, and discourage fare evasion,” Simon said in an email.
Contact Sunny Tsai at [email protected].
Share 0 0 0
Having a socially conscious partner can sometimes make it a little more challenging to find a Valentines Day gift that is ethical and sustainable. As the day of love and flower is fast approaching, here are 7 Valentines Day gift ideas for the socially conscious in your life.
Each gift has a thoughtful story that demonstrates who it helps and how its made. These 7 Valentines Gift Ideas For the Socially Conscious give back to not only your special someone – but every individual involved in the process of designing and crafting the gifts.
Alpaca Trow
by Parachute
The Alpaca Throw designed by Parachute is a great gift for the unfussy and natural socially conscious in your life. Parachute offers a range of beautifully manufactured by artisans who have been weaving world class linens for over 80 years.
These premium quality home essentials uphold high standards and are Oeko-Tex certified, meaning they do not use any synthetics or chemicals. In addition, their manufacturer has the Responsible Down Standard certification, which ensures the down is sourced from humanely treated ducks. Parachute also gives back through their partnership with the United Nations Foundation's Nothing But Nets campaign – a movement providing safe sleep to those in need. Likewise, they are also very involved in the sleep and wellness community, trying to provide valuable tips for those who have sleep problems.
Angular Crew
by Krochet Kids
The Angular Crew' features a modern geometric design made from Peruvian sourced cotton and poly fleece lining. The crew sweatshirt is a great piece for layering on chillier days, making it a must-have for the socially conscious in your life. It is made in Peru, and one of our favourite fun features of the Krochet Kids clothing line is that every piece is hand-signed by the artisan who made it. What is even more important is that you can learn more about the woman who made your Krochet Kids clothing piece and see how you are directly impacting her and family with their platform #KNOWWHOMADEIT.
Krochet Kids is a registered non-profit that connects socially conscious consumers to artisans based in Uganda and Peru. They ensure global change by holistically equipping women living in extreme poverty in Uganda and Peru with the skills, education and resources to better their circumstances forever. They have created a multi-faceted program to help structure their employees and mentor them toward independence.
From ensuring fair and consistent wages, to providing a 3-year education curriculum for women in need to participate in, Krochet Kids will also coordinate and match each beneficiary with a local social worker who is on their staff and serves a mentor. The combination of all these elements empowers a woman to understand how she can build toward an independent future.
Tuscan Sun
by Circle 21 Candles
Circle 21 Candles produces all natural soy candles in a line of memory-themed scents. The candles are hand-poured into recycled wine bottle containers (which are cut and sanded by hand) and topped with “branded” corks to keep the candles smelling fresh. When creating a new smell, they try to invoke old memories in those of us who use their candles. Their clean, fresh scents range from linen closet to tuscan sun, to orchard lane.
Soy wax is an all-natural product that is extracted from the soy bean. It is eco-friendly, carbon neutral, sustainable and entirely renewable. When we brainstorm and search for sustainable companies, we are always delighted to discover small but mighty gems such as Circle 21 Candles based in Texas. Here is a company that is serving as beacon in its community, creating clean natural soy candles without harming the environment.
Browse Candles
Porbandar Blue Khadi Cotton Scarf
by Bloom & Give
Bloom & Give make a stunning line of silk scarves and bags, handmade by local artisans in India (within a women-owned factory), using a traditional block-printing process. Every scarf is handmade in small batches, where master carvers carefully prepare the wooden blocks, which are then dipped in dye and stamped onto the fabric.
We truly admire Bloom & Give, as they donate 50% of their profits to support girls education programs in India. They work with small co-ops that share their relentless pursuit of excellence and quality, and their belief in fair wages. Education is proven to be the most effective way for a girl in India to escape the cycle of childhood marriage, preteen pregnancy and abuse.
The Porbandar Blue Khadi Cotton Scarf is known as one of the most wearable cottons in the world. Combining this ancient fabric with a classic blue and white palette, this makes for a great Valentines Day gifts for the socially conscious in your life.
Each scarf comes wrapped in a gorgeous handmade reusable cotton bag with a card that describes how your purchase helps change the girls' lives.
Until June 1st, 2017, receive a 15% discount off your Bloom and Give purchases with promo code: LAUTRE
Browse Scarf Selection
Share 0 0 0
Kimono Maxi Wrap Dress
by Symbology
Feel like a queen in this elegant, curve-hugging number with a super soft touch. Each dress is hand block printed by women in India using traditions that date back centuries. When you offer this to your socially conscious partner, she'll surely feel amazing–not just because it is one of the most flattering silhouettes around, but because your purchase supports the livelihoods of our artisan partners around the world.
Symbology employs women artisans from India and the West Bank, each bringing beautiful cultural art forms to their collections. They aim not only to produce beautiful clothing but also to preserve traditional art techniques in each garment — from Indian block printing to Palestinian weaving and Native American embroidery.
Rather than paying minimum-wage, Symbology believes in paying livable wages, which allow the artisans to properly provide for their families. By working more closely with the artisans and involving them in the design process, they allow for their expertise to transcribe into the clothes, and for their solutions to be heard. This is at the heart of every legitimate social business, and Symbology certainly has made that clear.
Receive a 15$ discount off your Symbology Clothing purchases with promo code: LautreLove
Browse Symbology Dresses
Share 0 0 0
Petite Layering Necklace
by FashionABLE
The Petite Layering Necklace is a great minimalist jewelry piece that can be worn for various occasions. It is a piece that locally and globally inspires respect towards women. Created by FashionABLE – a social impact brand – this beautiful necklace is part of an important movement that is empowering women across the world.
While living in Ethiopia, Rachel and Barrett Ward saw firsthand how extreme poverty forced so many young girls and women to make awful choices for money. Lacking meaningful resources and a sense of hope, many women resort to prostitution as a means of supporting themselves and their families. Rachel and Barrett wanted to figure out a way to give women another choice – one that would provide an opportunity to earn a living, rather than establish a dependency on charity. For this purpose, FashionABLE was conceived.
FashionABLE works with artisans around the globe and many of their jewelry pieces are handmade by women locally in Nashville, TN who have overcome challenges ranging from prostitution to homelessness to addiction and lack of opportunity. They are our one-stop shop for affordable and social impact jewelry and accessories.
Browse Necklaces
Share 0 0 0
Hand-Crafted Fine Chocolates
by ChocoMiró
What made us choose ChocoMiró is their blend of premium quality chocolates coupled with their dedication to sourcing from sustainable and ethical chocolate providers. The chocolate comes from Cacao Barry, and the fruit, sugar, and spice extracts come from respected and sustainable providers around the globe.
Based out of Syracuse, NY, ChocoMiró has been crafting hand-made fine chocolates since 1995. After refining his recipes for over 25 years, the head chocolateer Santiago decided it was time to open up shop and help teach North Americans on the beauty and importance of extra fine chocolates.
If you plan on buying chocolates for Valentine's Day, then ChocoMiró is an excellent choice as they support the CacaoCollective.
Make Your Own Box
Share 0 0 0
Happy Valentines Day!
This concludes our 7 Socially Conscious Valentine's Day Gift Ideas of 2017.
There are incredible and mindful companies that value fair trade and sustainable practices. We are smitten by their hard-work and are happy to share their wonderful products and projects.
In this light, we hope that you choose to show some love with these 2017 Socially Conscious Valentine's Day Gift Ideas will inspire to give all around the world.
On behalf of the L'Autre Couleur duo, we would like to wish you a joyful and loving Valentine's Day!
Disclaimer: Some of these links may be affiliate links. This means that when you click them if you buy a product a small percentage of the sale is given to us. The price remains the same for you, or even less than usual in some cases when we offer discounts. These links help us keep this website going and remain true to our cause of bringing the most sustainable and ethical companies to the main stage.
Numerical Python Course
NumPy is not another programming language but a Python extension module. It provides fast and efficient operations on arrays of homogeneous data. NumPy extends python into a high-level language for manipulating numerical data, similiar to MATLAB.It's free, i.e. it doesn't cost anything and it's open source. It's an extension on Python rather than a programming language on it's own. NumPy uses Python syntax. Because NumPy is Python, embedding code from other languages like C, C++ and Fortran is very simple.This website is created by:On site trainings in Europe, Canada and the US.
If you're talking about Java in particular, Python is about the best fit you can get amongst all the other languages. Yet the funny thing is, from a language point of view, JavaScript has a lot in common with Python, but it is sort of a restricted subset. (Guido van Rossum)In my daily work, I work on very large, complex, distributed systems built out of many Python modules and packages. The focus is very similar to what you find, for example, in Java and, in general, in systems programming languages. (Guido van Rossum)
If you want to learn Python fast and efficiently, you should consider a Python Training course at Bodenseo. There are also special seminars for advanced students like the Python & XML Training Course . If you want to acquire special knowledge in Text Processing and Text Classification, then "Python Text Processing Course" will be the right one for you. All the Python seminars are available in German as well: Python-Kurse " You can also book Bernd Klein for on-site training courses
This website is free of annoying ads. We want to keep it like this. You can help with your donation:Search this website:This topic in German / Deutsche Übersetzung: Numpy-Tutorial
Numpy Tutorial
Introduction
NumPy is a module for Python. The name is an acronym for "Numeric Python" or "Numerical Python". It is pronounced /ˈnʌmpaɪ/ (NUM-py) or less often /ˈnʌmpi (NUM-pee)). It is an extension module for Python, mostly written in C. This makes sure that the precompiled mathematical and numerical functions and functionalities of Numpy guarantee great execution speed.
Furthermore, NumPy enriches the programming language Python with powerful data structures, implementing multi-dimensional arrays and matrices. These data structures guarantee efficient calculations with matrices and arrays. The implementation is even aiming at huge matrices and arrays, better know under the heading of "big data". Besides that the module supplies a large library of high-level mathematical functions to operate on these matrices and arrays.
SciPy (Scientific Python) is often mentioned in the same breath with NumPy. SciPy needs Numpy, as it is based on the data structures of Numpy and furthermore its basic creation and manipulation functions. It extends the capabilities of NumPy with further useful functions for minimization, regression, Fourier-transformation and many others.
Both NumPy and SciPy are not part of a basic Python installation. They have to be installed after the Python installation. NumPy has to be installed before installing SciPy.
(Comment: The diagram of the image on the right side is the graphical visualisation of a matrix with 14 rows and 20 columns. It's a so-called Hinton diagram. The size of a square within this diagram corresponds to the size of the value of the depicted matrix. The colour determines, if the value is positive or negative. In our example: the colour red denotes negative values and the colour green denotes positive values.)
NumPy is based on two earlier Python modules dealing with arrays. One of these is Numeric. Numeric is like NumPy a Python module for high-performance, numeric computing, but it is obsolete nowadays. Another predecessor of NumPy is Numarray, which is a complete rewrite of Numeric but is deprecated as well. NumPy is a merger of those two, i.e. it is build on the code of Numeric and the features of Numarray.
Comparison between Core Python and Numpy
When we say "Core Python", we mean Python without any special modules, i.e. especially without NumPy.
The advantages of Core Python:
high-level number objects: integers, floating point
containers: lists with cheap insertion and append methods, dictionaries with fast lookup
Advantages of using Numpy with Python:
array oriented computing
efficiently implemented multi-dimensional arrays
designed for scientific computation
A Simple Numpy Example
Before we can use NumPy we will have to import it. It has to be imported like any other module:
import numpy
But you will hardly ever see this. Numpy is usually renamed to np:
import numpy as np
Our first simple Numpy example deals with temperatures. Given is a list with values, e.g. temperatures in Celsius:
cvalues = [ 20.1 , 20.8 , 21.9 , 22.5 , 22.7 , 22.3 , 21.8 , 21.2 , 20.9 , 20.1 ]
We will turn our list "cvalues" into a one-dimensional numpy array:
C = np . array ( cvalues ) print ( C )
[ 20.1 20.8 21.9 22.5 22.7 22.3 21.8 21.2 20.9 20.1]
print ( C * 9 / 5 + 32 )
[ 68.18 69.44 71.42 72.5 72.86 72.14 71.24 70.16 69.62 68.18]
Let's assume, we want to turn the values into degrees Fahrenheit. This is very easy to accomplish with a numpy array. The solution to our problem can be achieved by simple scalar multiplication:
The array C has not been changed by this expression:
print ( C )
[ 20.1 20.8 21.9 22.5 22.7 22.3 21.8 21.2 20.9 20.1]
Compared to this, the solution for our Python list looks awkward:
fvalues = [ x * 9 / 5 + 32 for x in cvalues ] print ( fvalues )
[68.18, 69.44, 71.42, 72.5, 72.86, 72.14, 71.24000000000001, 70.16, 69.62, 68.18]
So far, we referred to C as an array. The internal type is "ndarray" or to be even more precise "C is an instance of the class numpy.ndarray":
type ( C )
numpy.ndarray
The previous code returned the following:
In the following, we will use the terms "array" and "ndarray" in most cases synonymously.
Graphical Representation of the Values
Even though we want to cover the module matplotlib not until a later chapter, we want to demonstrate how we can use this module to depict our temperature values. To do this, we us the package pyplot from matplotlib.
If you use the jupyter notebook, you might be well advised to include the following line of code to prevent an external window to pop up and to have your diagram included in the notebook:
% matplotlib inline
The code to generate a plot for our values looks like this:
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt plt . plot ( C ) plt . show ()
The function plot uses the values of the array C for the values of the ordinate, i.e. the y-axis. The indices of the array C are taken as values for the abscissa, i.e. the x-axis.
Memory Consumption: ndarray and list
The main benefits of using numpy arrays should be smaller memory consumption and better runtime behaviour. We want to look at the memory usage of numpy arrays in this subchapter of our turorial and compare it to the memory consumption of Python lists.
To calculate the memory consumption of the list from the above picture, we will use the function getsizeof from the module sys.
from sys import getsizeof as size lst = [ 24 , 12 , 57 ] size_of_list_object = size ( lst ) # only green box size_of_elements = len ( lst ) * size ( lst [ 0 ]) # 24, 12, 57 total_list_size = size_of_list_object + size_of_elements print ( "Size without the size of the elements: " , size_of_list_object ) print ( "Size of all the elements: " , size_of_elements ) print ( "Total size of list, including elements: " , total_list_size )
Size without the size of the elements: 88 Size of all the elements: 84 Total size of list, including elements: 172
The size of a Python list consists of the general list information, the size needed for the references to the elements and the size of all the elements of the list. If we apply sys.getsizeof to a list, we get only the size without the size of the elements. In the previous example, we made the assumption that all the integer elements of our list have the same size. Of course, this is not valid in general, because memory consumption will be higher for larger integers.
We will check now, how the memory usage changes, if we add another integer element to the list. We also look at an empty list:
lst = [ 24 , 12 , 57 , 42 ] size_of_list_object = size ( lst ) # only green box size_of_elements = len ( lst ) * size ( lst [ 0 ]) # 24, 12, 57, 42 total_list_size = size_of_list_object + size_of_elements print ( "Size without the size of the elements: " , size_of_list_object ) print ( "Size of all the elements: " , size_of_elements ) print ( "Total size of list, including elements: " , total_list_size ) lst = [] print ( "Emtpy list size: " , size ( lst ))
Size without the size of the elements: 96 Size of all the elements: 112 Total size of list, including elements: 208 Emtpy list size: 64
We can conclude from this that for every new element, we need another eight bytes for the reference to the new object. The new integer object itself consumes 28 bytes. The size of a list "lst" without the size of the elements can be calculated with:
64 + 8 * len(lst)
To get the complete size of an arbitrary list of integers, we have to add the sum of all the sizes of the integers.
We will examine now the memory consumption of a numpy.array. To this purpose, we will have a look at the implementation in the following picture:
We will create the numpy array of the previous diagram and calculate the memory usage:
a = np . array ([ 24 , 12 , 57 ]) print ( size ( a ))
120
We get the memory usage for the general array information by creating an empty array:
e = np . array ([]) print ( size ( e ))
96
We can see that the difference between the empty array "e" and the array "a" with three integers consists in 24 Bytes. This means that an arbitrary integer array of length "n" in numpy needs
96 + n * 8 Bytes
whereas a list of integers needs, as we have seen before
64 + 8 len(lst) + len(lst) 28
This is a minimum estimation, as Python integers can use more than 28 bytes.
When we define a Numpy array, numpy automatically chooses a fixed integer size. In our example "int64". We can determine the size of the integers, when we define an array. Needless to say, this changes the memory requirement:
a = np . array ([ 24 , 12 , 57 ], np . int8 ) print ( size ( a ) - 96 ) a = np . array ([ 24 , 12 , 57 ], np . int16 ) print ( size ( a ) - 96 ) a = np . array ([ 24 , 12 , 57 ], np . int32 ) print ( size ( a ) - 96 ) a = np . array ([ 24 , 12 , 57 ], np . int64 ) print ( size ( a ) - 96 )
3 6 12 24
Time Comparison between Python Lists and Numpy Arrays
One of the main advantages of NumPy is its advantage in time compared to standard Python. Let's look at the following functions:
import time size_of_vec = 1000 def pure_python_version (): t1 = time . time () X = range ( size_of_vec ) Y = range ( size_of_vec ) Z = [ X [ i ] + Y [ i ] for i in range ( len ( X )) ] return time . time () - t1 def numpy_version (): t1 = time . time () X = np . arange ( size_of_vec ) Y = np . arange ( size_of_vec ) Z = X + Y return time . time () - t1
Let's call these functions and see the time consumption:
t1 = pure_python_version () t2 = numpy_version () print ( t1 , t2 ) print ( "Numpy is in this example " + str ( t1 / t2 ) + " faster!" )
0.00025272369384765625 7.367134094238281e-05 Numpy is in this example 3.43042071197411 faster!
It's an easier and above all better way to measure the times by using the timeit module. We will use the Timer class in the following script.
The constructor of a Timer object takes a statement to be timed, an additional statement used for setup, and a timer function. Both statements default to 'pass'.
The statements may contain newlines, as long as they don't contain multi-line string literals.
A Timer object has a timeit method. timeit is called with a parameter number:
$timeit(number=1000000)$
The main statement will be executed "number" times. This executes the setup statement once, and then returns the time it takes to execute the main statement a "number" of times. It returns the time in seconds.
import numpy as np from timeit import Timer size_of_vec = 1000 X_list = range ( size_of_vec ) Y_list = range ( size_of_vec ) X = np . arange ( size_of_vec ) Y = np . arange ( size_of_vec ) def pure_python_version (): Z = [ X_list [ i ] + Y_list [ i ] for i in range ( len ( X_list )) ] def numpy_version (): Z = X + Y #timer_obj = Timer("x = x + 1", "x = 0") timer_obj1 = Timer ( "pure_python_version()" , "from __main__ import pure_python_version" ) timer_obj2 = Timer ( "numpy_version()" , "from __main__ import numpy_version" ) print ( timer_obj1 . timeit ( 10 )) print ( timer_obj2 . timeit ( 10 ))
0.002666754007805139 0.00012159999459981918
The repeat() method is a convenience to call timeit() multiple times and return a list of results:
print ( timer_obj1 . repeat ( repeat = 3 , number = 10 )) print ( timer_obj2 . repeat ( repeat = 3 , number = 10 ))
[0.002686011022888124, 0.0030184430070221424, 0.0025683249696157873] [0.000203192001208663, 3.907602513208985e-05, 9.779003448784351e-06]
The Warrior of Light, also known as Hydaelyn's Chosen, The Hero of Eorzea, The Champion of Eorzea, The Warrior of Warriors, The Slayer of Gods, The Eikon Slayer, The Liberator, The Warrior of Darkness or simply as The Adventurer, is the player's created character in Final Fantasy XIV who serves as the protagonist. Warrior of Light is a recurring term in the Final Fantasy series since the original Final Fantasy, referring to the player character(s).
The player character is an adventurer in Eorzea during the Seventh Umbral Era who joins one of the three Grand Companies and becomes a key member of the Scions of the Seventh Dawn. The Warrior of Light can be one of the six major races of Eorzea: Hyur, Miqo'te, Roegadyn, Lalafell, Elezen, and Au Ra.
In the CG cutscenes and most of the game's trailers, a young male Midlander Hyur represents the Warrior of Light, appearing as an Archer in the opening of the original game, as a Warrior in the End of an Era cutscene and A Realm Reborn trailers, as a Dragoon in the opening of Heavensward, as both a Monk and Samurai in opening of Stormblood, and as a Dark Knight in the trailer of Shadowbringers.
Contents show]
Profile Edit
The life of an adventurer is the pursuit of fortune and fame and devoting oneself to seeking out danger and glory. It is an endless quest taken up by the most intrepid and dauntless of souls.
The term came into popular use among Eorzeans little more than a decade ago. Left idle by the onset of the Age of Calm, a leading mercenary officer gathered a number of trusted companions to form a guild dedicated to the common cause of aiding the realm. Outside the modest station of their humble beginnings, a simple sign hung for all to see―Adventurers' Guild.
The Adventurers' Guild has since spread, and is now found in each of the realm's great nations. Eorzeans come with their myriad pleas and requests and adventurers heed the call, whether it be slaying of foul beast plaguing the countryside, or the crafting of wares demanding a master's touch.
Personality Edit
While the adventurer's personality is crafted by the player's preference, they are initially depicted in cutscenes as stoic and silent, often responding to others with a nod. They are always willing to help those in need.
Following the events leading up to Heavensward, the adventurer's emotions become more pronounced and the player is given more freedom over their character through multiple-choice responses, though there are rare instances where the adventurer's emotions become more expressed independent of player input. At one point, the adventurer becomes enraged to the point of wanting to strike Emmanellain de Fortemps for his panicked attempt to shift blame after an order to strike down a coup's leader, and it is a running joke at various points of Heavensward that the adventurer is leery of drinks offered to them after the events of Nanamo Ul Namo's botched assassination, though not without reason. The Warrior of Light regrets Haurchefant's death, but continues to honor his memory. When they reunite with the Scions, Papalymo Totolymo remarks that they seem more world-weary and rugged.
The Warrior of Light is uncertain of the future once their mission is complete. When asked by Ser Aymric during a private social gathering on what they wanted for themselves, not as a Scion, the Warrior of Light is surprised as if having never considered it and is unable to answer.
Spoiler warning : Plot and/or ending details follow. (Skip section) During the final events of Stormblood, the Warrior of Light controls their emotions and anger. Even in the face of Asahi's insults and hate-filled words, the Warrior of Light does not take the bait, knowing of the political conditions. In Yotsuyu's final moments, the Warrior of Light offers comfort and condolences despite the crimes she had committed to her people. The Dark Knight job questline delves into the adventurer's psyche. Fray is a manifestation of resentment and bottled up anger at being viewed as a weapon or errand-boy, with the journal entries for the questline referring to an admiration of Fray for voicing the adventurer's own frustrations without worrying about the consequences. This is the adventurer lashing out against their will or "speaking without thinking", as Fray is their darkside fighting for supremacy and is likely not actually visible to anyone else. Fray is also a manifestation of the adventurer's desire for a tutor in the dark arts, as they have no satisfactory starting point for learning to become a Dark Knight beyond the provided Soul Crystal and must teach themselves. Later, their sorrow manifests as Myste, a boy resembling Ysayle Dangoulain and Haurchefant Greystone, as a representation of the lives the adventurer has taken simply because they or their allies were opposed, and for being unable to save those close to them. With Myste, however, it's much more ambiguous as to whether or not his motivations align with the adventurer's on any level, as he routinely makes poor decisions in his choices of who to offer post-mortem comfort to among the living, and permission is given to use the aether of the adventurer's Dark Knight soul crystal only grudgingly to begin with. Spoilers end here .
Story Edit
Depending on whether the player has played the original version of the game and therefore transferred the data to the relaunch version A Realm Reborn, the Warrior of Light will be an individual who disappeared five years ago at the Battle of Carteneau due to Louisoix's spell, reappearing in the world. The characters created since A Realm Reborn are just adventurers who travel to a city-state to start their journey, making the warriors of Carteneau as heroes who perished in the battle.
The Warrior of Light becomes a member of the Scions of the Seventh Dawn after being scouted out by a Scion in whichever region the player started out in. Their joining the Scions marks its turning-point as an effective organization thanks to the Warrior's ability as a possessor of the Echo to reliably come in contact with primals without fear of enslavement, and their fighting prowess along with Hydaelyn's blessing.
The role of the Warrior of Light beyond their main story role is mostly decided by the player's activities and choices made. Progress in certain jobs or tradecraft disciplines has a measure of change on dialogue, such as Estinien Wyrmblood acknowledging the Warrior's status as a second Azure Dragoon in Heavensward.
"Meteor", the CG Warrior of Light Edit
The following article is based on a subject that has not been officially named in any official Square Enix material; the current title is merely a placeholder.
This midlander hyur who acts as a poster boy for Final Fantasy XIV represents the player when the player's model can't be used, such as in pre-rendered CGI cutscenes. He first appeared in promotional images and the game's original opening movie, and has since appeared in the "End of an Era/A New Beginning" videos and related promotional media for A Realm Reborn and the following expansion.
Officially is known as Meteor, a name used in the recordings of the event sequences from 1.0 on the Realm Reborn Collector's Edition lore compilation disc. Many fans however refer to him as the "CG Midlander", or simply as "Hyur Midlander" (first name Hyur, last name Midlander). He is often shown alongside other characters, including a Sea Wolf roegadyn, a Wildwood elezen, a Seeker of the Sun miqo'te, and a plainsfolk lalafell, though he is consistently the main focus. These companions do not appear in the expansion opening movies.
At the launch of the original Final Fantasy XIV, most promotional artwork presented him as an Archer and Gladiator. Starting from the End of an Era cinematic and into most promotional material for Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn, the character is usually presented as a Warrior and is wielding the Bravura Relic Weapon. In the Final Fantasy XIV: Heavensward expansion trailer, the character removes his Warrior armor and replaces it with Dragoon armor. In the Final Fantasy XIV: Stormblood expansion trailer he switches to Monk attire and fights unarmed on his adventures through Gyr Abania, while appearing later as a Samurai in Kugane, fighting with a katana. In the CG trailer for Final Fantasy XIV: Shadowbringers, the Warrior of Light quickly cycles through all of his previous jobs before settling on Dark Knight.
As of Patch 3.1, As Goes Light, So Goes Darkness, characters almost identical to the Hyur Midlander and his companions appear, this time as antagonists titled the Warriors of Darkness. The characters have different names, with the Male Hyur Midlander being named Arbert, and the rest named Blanhaerz (Male Sea Wolf Roegadyn Paladin), J'rhoomale (Female Seeker of the Sun Miqo'te Archer), Naillebert (Male Duskwright Elezen Black Mage) and Lamimi (Female Plainsfolk Lalafell White Mage). Arbert shares the same voice actor as the posterboy from the 1.0 trailer.
To play as the CG Warrior of Light the player need simply create a male Midlander Hyur and continue with the default appearance settings.
Gallery Edit
Artworks
Screenshots
Add an image
Merchandises
Add an image
Etymology Edit
An adventurer is someone who undertakes into the unknown, often having a connotation of danger and excitement.
Nelson Chenault-USA TODAY Sports
We're already a quarter of the way through the NBA regular season, and most of the league's early statistical anomalies are beginning to regress back to the mean. Following a hot start, the Chicago Bulls are near bottom of the league in three-point field goal percentage, the Los Angeles Lakers are back down to .500 and outside of the Western Conference playoff picture, and the Utah Jazz are once again a defensive powerhouse.
One of the big surprises that does not appear to be an anomaly, however, is the outstanding play of Charlotte Hornets point guard Kemba Walker. Walker is enjoying his best professional season, averaging a career-high 24.2 points per game on career-high shooting from the field and from behind the arc. Over the last few seasons, the Hornets have slowly evolved their offensive attack away from Al Jefferson's low post game and toward the high pick-and-roll sets that maximize Walker's abilities—but this year, things are clicking like never before.
Read More: Andre Drummond And Detroit Double Down On The Low Post
Let's take a closer look at what Charlotte and Walker are doing right:
Walker's pick-and-roll skill set
Pick-and-rolls are the staple of Charlotte's offense, especially the double high pick-and-roll in which the power forward and the center come out to the three-point line to set screens. The Hornets run some form of double high screen action on many of their possessions, both in half court and transition. They mix things up by using three different types of double ball screens.
The first is a basic stagger screen, in which the two bigs are separated by a few feet, one in front of the other. The second is a flat screen, in which the two bigs stand hip to hip. Lastly, there's the wedge screen, where each big attacks Walker's defender from opposite angles.
This action is perfectly designed to take advantage of Walker's skills. He has the speed to turn the corner off the picks, and can finish at the rim through contact or through tight windows. This season, he's shooting 58.4 percent in the restricted area, the best mark of his career. In the clip below, watch how the double high screen draws everyone out of the paint, taking the second line of defense out of the play. On-ball defenders are tasked with keeping Walker in front of them while also having to anticipate the two screens that are coming at the top of the key on nearly every possession. Overplay the screen—or fall asleep for a brief second--and Walker will sprint to the rim for an easy layup.
Defenders can't go under the screen on Walker, either, because he has become a deadly pull-up three-point shooter. In fact, he's one of just four players—the others are Steph Curry, James Harden, and Damian Lillard, which is pretty good company!—to attempt more than four pull-up three-pointers per game, and Walker tops the list in pull-up efficiency from deep.
The pull-up three is relatively new for Walker. In 2014, he took just 1.6 per game. He has increased both his frequency and efficiency every year since then, and is now hanging out with the elite shooting point guards in the NBA.
Most important, Walker takes care of the basketball and reads help side defense very well. The Hornets have had the lowest turnover percentage in the league every season since 2013, when Steve Clifford became the team's head coach. Walker plays a huge role in that. According to basketball reference, he's the only point guard to average fewer than nine turnovers per 100 possessions while having a usage percentage of at least 25 percent. In other words, no NBA player does more for their team on the offensive end of the court while turning the ball over so infrequently.
In addition to protecting the ball, Walker has great feel for how to create open shots for himself and others in pick-and-roll. He's scoring 1.01 points per possession as the ball handler in those plays, the fifth-best mark among players to take use at least five such possessions per game.
In the clip below, watch how Walker takes two dribbles away from the paint once he sees Pau Gasol step up to help. That half step toward the baseline draws Gasol too far away to contest the rolling big man at the rim, and opens up a pocket for Walker to sneak the pass through. Subtle moves like this are the difference between forcing a contested shot at the rim or opening up an easy dunk for a teammate—and Walker makes the correct reads repeatedly throughout games.
The double high screen offense also creates a lot of favorable mismatches for Walker. To close out a game against the New York Knicks earlier this week, he masterfully forced several switches down the stretch, torturing poor Knicks rookie Willy Hernangomez. In the first clip, Walker attacks to force the switch, pulls the big man back out on an island, patiently waits for the double team to commit, then swings the ball for an open three-pointer. In the second clip, Walker once again forces the switch, drags the big out on an island, but this time he attacks before the defense can double.
Cody Zeller and Frank Kaminsky
Cody Zeller and Frank Kaminsky are excellent in their roles as double high pick-and-roll screeners. The base option for the two bigs is to have Zeller roll to the rim and Kaminsky pop out to the three-point line after setting the screen. This action creates gravity, pulling the defense in three different directions and forcing all three defenders involved in the pick-and-roll to read and react to each other.
Zeller is especially great at this. He's among the best screeners in the NBA, making contact on the defender without fouling on nearly every screen that he sets—no wonder he's averaging 4.9 screen assists per game according to NBA.com, the fifth most in the league this season. Zeller is also a great roll finisher: he has enough power and hops to finish above the rim if the help defenders are late to rotate, but also uncommon passing touch:
Zeller only averages 1.3 assists per game, but that number undersells his ability to keep the offense flowing when the defense collapses. There's tremendous value in a big that stays in his lane on offense, and Zeller does that as well as anyone. He has only taken one post-up all year long, opting instead to continually hunt for ball screen opportunities along the perimeter. When he catches on the roll, he never steps outside of his comfort zone and tries to make a home run play. To the contrary, he simply goes through his progressions, looking to make the easy pass. In the second clip above, notice how calmly he checks off all three options for a kickout before dropping the ball off for the easy lay-up.
Kaminsky has a more dynamic offensive game than Zeller, but isn't quite as reliable. He's shooting just 28 percent from behind the arc this season on 4.1 attempts per game. It might just be a bit of an early season slump, but Kaminsky hasn't been shy about launching when he's left open. And he is left open quite a bit. Of his 4.1 three-point attempts per game, 3.6 are taken with six feet of space or more from the nearest defender, the fourth-most "wide open" three-point attempts of all players in the NBA.
When Kaminsky hits that shot, the Hornets double high action becomes unguardable. And even with him struggling to find his shot, defenders are still forced into difficult rotations. In the clip below, watch how Kaminsky's shot-making opens up driving lanes down the middle of the court. Kaminsky is very skilled for a big man and capable of making these types of plays, especially when he is covered by slower defenders.
Kaminsky and many of the other perimeter-oriented Hornets players are also very good at reading when to slip the screen. In the first clip below, watch how Marvin Williams anticipates that Carmelo Anthony will try to switch the ball screen. Williams quickly slips and catches the pass on the roll, finishing around the rim protector. In the second clip, Kaminsky anticipates that Kristaps Porzingis will hedge the side pick and roll so he slips, forcing Porzingis to hang on for the foul.
Room for improvement
These types of reads and reactions require a high basketball IQ, the ability to read and react to defenders, and excellent coaching staff preparation. The Hornets have all three, and that allows them to flow from one action to the next. Their playbook isn't particularly complex or overly scripted, but their principles allow them to go into double screens in transition, in the half court, or quickly following an offensive rebound or broken play.
In the clip below, watch how every Charlotte player gets to their spot on the break. Roy Hibbert begins hunting for a ball screen opportunity the moment he crosses half court, allowing Walker to attack as soon as he catches the ball on the wing.
The Hornets have a great bread-and-butter action in the double high pick-and-roll, but there are still some areas that they need to improve upon before they can consider themselves serious contenders. Nicholas Batum can do a bit of everything on the floor and is one of Charlotte's defensive anchors, but the team could use a bit more scoring from him. He's much more comfortable as the set-up guy, making great passes on the move like the one in the video below:
This play uses the same principles as the double high screen plays, only this time, the point guard is given Kaminsky's role as the pop guy while Kaminsky takes the floor spacing role in the corner. Still, Batum needs to become more assertive as a scorer in the offense, especially when Walker goes to the bench. In general, Charlotte needs another scorer and playmaker, especially at small forward. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist is the only small forward on the roster, so shooting guards Batum and Marco Belinelli take turns sliding down to that spot with the second unit.
The Hornets are a well-coached team that perfectly utilizes the unique talents of their star guard. They're currently sitting atop the Southeast division and have the fifth-best record in the Eastern Conference. Jeremy Lamb has been a positive in every game that he's been healthy, and may be poised to make a small leap this year if he can consistently stay on the court. The team has a real chance to grab a top four seed in the East and claim home-court advantage in the first round of the NBA playoffs.
For now, though, it's just fun to watch Walker torch the league with one of the game's most unstoppable actions.
Want to read more stories like this from VICE Sports? Subscribe to our daily newsletter.
By Jason Pan / Staff writer
The site housing Taipei's landmark Zhongshan Soccer Stadium is going to be redeveloped into a youth hostel complex, the Taipei City Department of Economic Development announced yesterday.
Many sports fans, cultural preservation activists and Taipei residents were saddened to hear about the proposed demolition of the stadium, which is next to the Yuanshan (圓山) MRT station.
“It is the only field in the city dedicated to soccer. If the plan goes ahead, then it will be damaging to the development of Taiwanese soccer. I feel very sad about it,” Chinese Taipei Football Association secretary-general Wang Sheau-shiun (王筱薰) said.
Wang said that many important games and events had taken place at the stadium, giving it a special place in the collective consciousness of sports fans and Taipei residents.
“The Taipei City Government did not consult Taipei citizens or sports fans about its plan, and they should have a say in the decisionmaking process,” he said.
Built in 1989, the stadium has a natural grass pitch and has served as the training ground for Taiwan's national squad and local teams, as well as hosted international matches.
The site also has historic significance, as it was first developed in 1923 during the Japanese colonial period, when it housed a sports complex with a baseball park, tennis courts and an athletics field.
In 1951, the site housed the headquarters of the US Military Assistance Advisory Group (MAAG). During the 1960s and 1970s, thousands of US military personnel worked out of the MAAG's headquarters. Given its rich past, if the stadium is torn down, a part of the nation's history of Cold War collaboration with the US will be erased.
Aside from soccer training and games, the stadium has also been used intermittently for major concerts and election rallies.
“I will miss the stadium because I attended Phil Collins and Michael Jackson concerts there. Phil Collins was annoyed by the loud noise made by airplanes flying overhead,” said Diane Baker, a long-term Taipei resident from the US.
It is the first and only soccer stadium in the nation to be certified by FIFA and Asian soccer bodies for international qualification matches.
However, the city government appropriated it as the central showcase stage for the International Flora Expo in 2010 and 2011. Afterwards, it did not return the stadium to soccer organizations as it had promised. The stadium is now part of the Taipei Flora Expo Park, under the city government's management.
According to the Taipei City Department of Economic Development, transforming the stadium into a 170-room youth hostel with recreational facilities would cost NT$500 million (US$16.76 million).
Democratic Progressive Party Taipei City Councilor Wu Su-yao (吳思瑤) slammed the city government over the plan, saying: “They kicked out all soccer organizations for the Flora Expo and then refused to give it back to the soccer community. Now they want to turn it into a youth hostel. This is short-sighted as there are many such accomodations in the area already,” she said.
Some soccer fans are rallying on social networking sites to save the stadium. They want to organize a protest to demand, as one netizen put it, that the Taipei City Government “return the stadium to us. It is our soccer stadium. You stole it from us.”
Christian amendment describes any of several attempts to amend the United States Constitution by inserting explicitly Christian ideas and language. The most significant such attempt began during the American Civil War and was spearheaded by the National Reform Association.
Initial proposals [ edit ]
In February 1863, during the American Civil War, a coalition of eleven Protestant denominations from seven northern states gathered to discuss the state of the nation. Seeing the Civil War as God's punishment for the omission of God from the Constitution, they discussed a proposed amendment to alter the wording of the Preamble to acknowledge God. The idea that civil governments derive their legitimacy from God, and Jesus in particular, was alleged to be based on Biblical passages such as Psalm 2 and Romans 13. The original draft of the amendment, by Pennsylvania attorney John Alexander, read:[1]
We, the people of the United States recognizing the being and attributes of Almighty God, the Divine Authority of the Holy Scriptures, the law of God as the paramount rule, and Jesus, the Messiah, the Savior and Lord of all , in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and to our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. ( insertions and deletions noted)
The Christian Amendment Movement was founded the next year and quickly renamed the "National Reform Association" with Alexander as its first president. They sent a memorial to Congress formally proposing the following amendment:[1]
We, the people of the United States, humbly acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all authority and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the nations, His revealed will as the supreme law of the land, in order to constitute a Christian government, and in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the inalienable rights and the blessings of life, liberty , and the pursuit of happiness to ourselves and our posterity, and all the people, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
A delegation from the National Reform Association sought to meet with Abraham Lincoln on February 11, 1864, to solicit his endorsement of the amendment. Lincoln's pastor, Rev. Phineas Gurley, arranged for Lincoln to meet the delegation.[2] After hearing their petition, Lincoln responded:[2]
The general aspect of your movement I cordially approve. In regard to particulars I must ask time to deliberate, as the work of amending the Constitution should not be done hastily. I will carefully examine your paper in order more fully to comprehend its contents than is possible from merely hearing it read, and will take such action upon it as my responsibility to our Maker and our country demands.
The proposal was supported by Senators Charles Sumner, B. Gratz Brown and John Sherman, but did not come to a vote in Congress. One member of the National Reform Association, James Pollock, played a role in getting the phrase "In God We Trust" on the two-cent coin in 1864.
Another version of the amendment read:[3]
We the people of the United States, humbly acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all authority and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the Governor among the nations, and His revealed will as our supreme authority , in order to constitute a Christian government, to form a more perfect union, ... do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. (ellipses as given in source)
Similar proposals were considered by Congress in 1874, 1895, 1896, 1910, 1947, 1949, 1951, 1953, 1955, 1956, 1957, 1959, 1961, 1963, 1965, 1967, and 1969 but none passed.
Later attempts [ edit ]
With the growing backlash in American society against communism in the 1940s and 1950s, new efforts were made to introduce Christianity into the Constitution, although these efforts were now in the form of standard constitutional amendments. In 1954 Vermont Senator Ralph Flanders proposed:[4]
Section 1: This nation devoutly recognizes the authority and law of Jesus Christ, Savior and Ruler of nations, through whom are bestowed the blessings of Almighty God. Section 2: This amendment shall not be interpreted so as to result in the establishment of any particular ecclesiastical organization, or in the abridgment of the rights of religious freedom, or freedom of speech and press, or of peaceful assemblage. Section 3: Congress shall have power, in such cases as it may deem proper, to provide a suitable oath or affirmation for citizens whose religious scruples prevent them from giving unqualified allegiance to the Constitution as herein amended.
None of the proposals came to a Congressional vote.
There were calls for similar amendments in the wake of the 1962 Supreme Court case Engel v. Vitale, which ruled school-sponsored and dictated prayer in schools unconstitutional.[5] Over 200 similar amendment proposals[6] were introduced to Congress between 1894 and 1984.[7]
See also [ edit ]
LONDON (AP) — France's interior minister says that the suicide bomber who targeted Manchester is believed to have traveled to Syria and had “proven” links with the Islamic State group.
Gerard Collomb said on BFM television Wednesday that British and French intelligence have information that British-born attacker Salman Abedi had been to Syria. He did not provide details, and said it is unclear whether Abedi was part of a larger network of attackers.
Collomb, who spoke with British Prime Minister Theresa May after the attack at an Ariana Grande concert that killed 22, said the two countries should continue cooperating closely on counterterrorism efforts despite Britain's pending exit from the European Union.
With France still under a state of emergency after a string of IS attacks, French President Emmanuel Macron is holding a special security council meeting Wednesday.
Back in February, I told you how Apple's deal to secure $578 million worth of sapphire meant only one thing: the front cover for the iPhone 6 would no longer be Gorilla Glass, the Corning product Apple has used for years. Now, thanks to Marques Brownlee, we can see how that major change in materials will mean a much more scratch resistant, harder to break iPhone. In a new video, Brownlee shows off the front piece for what is ostensibly a 4.7-inch iPhone 6. He scratches it with keys and a rather substantial pocket knife and tries to bend it to the point of breaking. In all cases, he fails to damage the piece.
Because he's using a part and not an actual phone, Brownlee admits he couldn't do some of the normal torture testing one might do to find out how durable it is. For example, he couldn't drop an iPhone 6 on the ground to see if the screen glass shattered -- that will have to wait until the iPhone ships in September -- but he did establish its durability.
Obviously, this will be a welcome change if the final shipping product is anywhere near as robust. Millions of iPhone owners have used screen protectors to guard against small scratches forming over time and countless others have suffered the indignity of having a shattered front glass resting over their screens because they either didn't know if was replaceable or hadn't had the chance to get it fixed. The smartphone repair service iCracked is basically named in honor of this all-too-frequent occurrence.
There had been rumors that the sapphire front piece would only appear on the largest of the new iPhones, the 5.5-inch model that's expected, but today's parts leak all but confirms what was surmised back in February: both new iPhones will get sapphire. Apple has deployed the material before, both to cover the fingerprint sensor and the camera lens on current models, and it's been used on high-quality watches for a long time. But a rollout of this magnitude is essentially unprecedented, which is why Apple needed to secure the supply from GT Advanced so far in advance.
Brownlee was excited about the optical clarity of the sapphire, as well as its apparent thinness. Both of those tidbits are good news as concerns had been raised that sapphire would be thicker and less transmissive of light than Gorilla Glass. Corning, for its part, has been dismissive of sapphire claiming that it will result in inferior battery life or dimmer displays. Whether any of this is true remains to be seen. As Gordon Kelly reported earlier, the latest rumors regarding the new iPhone's battery are discouraging. But we know much less about what's going on there than we do about the new display cover.
In the meantime, the iPhone launch draws closer, with an expected announcement 2 months away and a release date before the end of September. Parts leaks are likely to continue, thanks mostly to Sonny Dickson, who sourced the front that Brownlee used in his video. Dickson abused the part less than Brownlee, however, perhaps fearing he'd break it. As the video below shows, that's apparently not easy to do.
On Monday night, Jon Stewart pretended to fall in love with a Barbie doll for charity. He'd auctioned off his services for the “After-School Special”–themed benefit for Story Pirates, a nonprofit that brings improv pros into New York public schools to act out kids' stories and encourage them to stay involved in the arts. In the winning play, written by 8-year-old Bella Raoli, Stewart played a man who wins the heart of a Barbie doll through his un-Ken-like attributes, like flexibility and luscious, movable brown hair. (Stewart showed off his armpits, since his hair is still brown there.) After the show, the Daily Show host said that as much as he supports the charity, he was mostly there for the ego boost of performing for an audience that hadn't discovered sarcasm yet: “You won't get somebody who's like, ‘Yeah, that was … great.' It's all just exuberant and they're happy that you're there.”
John Oliver, one of Stewart's TV correspondents as well as the night's emcee, said kids are often a comedian's most constructive critics. “They do heckle and they're just brutal in a way,” he said. “I did a stand-up show for kids in Scotland and I'm halfway through some story, and some kid puts up his hand and says, ‘When does this get good?' That's not arrogance from a 6-year-old. That's just an honest question. He just wants to know, ‘Does this get good, and when?' I like them for that.”
Both men said they'd had their formative moments of discovering comedy when they were around the same age as the kids at the benefit. “Listen, when you're little and you need to get out of situations, you either learn that you're fast or you're funny. Unfortunately, I was not particularly fast,” said Stewart. Oliver said his moment of clarity came while being punished. “I guess there's a time in school where you think of something funny and you know you're going to get in trouble for saying it, but you want to say it anyway,” he said. “I'd be in detention at school thinking, ‘I care more about making people laugh than I do about getting out 45 minutes early.' That's the sad truth: I like making people laugh.”
As Stewart left the event, Barbie-less, he tossed out his own idea for an After-School Special. “It can't be something happy. I would know a secret about a pep rally gone awry,” he said. “It would probably be called Under the Bleachers. Meredith Baxter-Birney would do her best to comfort me, but to no avail.” But what would the secret be? “Well, you'll have to watch the special,” Stewart said, cagily. “It has to do with the mascot.”
"He came to me and basically told me if I went to his house and had sex with him, I could be moved up high at Relativity," says one of the women.
Veteran Hollywood executive and producer Adam Fields sexually harassed women while he was serving in various capacities at Relativity Media from 2010 to 2016, according to multiple people who shared their accounts with The Hollywood Reporter.
Three women — a lawyer, a prominent screenwriter and a junior executive — told similar stories that include being touched inappropriately, sexually propositioned and subjected to lewd behavior by the onetime co-president of production.
THR also has viewed several legal documents stemming from a lawsuit filed by Fields against former CEO Ryan Kavanaugh in January. The documents reference two assistants who are not among the people THR spoke with and who complained internally about being sexually harassed by Fields during his five-month stint as Relativity co-president. The conduct described in the documents ranged from unwanted touching to inappropriate sexual comments to streaming X-rated material on his phone in public areas of the company's Beverly Hills offices. According to the documents, one major talent agency said it would no longer work with Fields at the time.
Unlike most of the other sexual harassment claims sweeping Hollywood over the past month, these allegations come at a time when the accused and his former employer are locked in ongoing litigation, which Fields' lawyer Dale Kinsella referenced in response to the claims. However, of the three women THR talked to, only one is involved in that suit.
It was on the 2010 set of Limitless that screenwriter and producer Leslie Dixon says she endured Fields' aggressive overtures. Fields, 62, whose film credits date back to 1981's Endless Love and include producing Great Balls of Fire! and, more recently, The Wedding Ringer, had been hired by Relativity to run production on the Bradley Cooper starrer.
It started with Fields' unsolicited touching, says Dixon, which she tried to deflect, followed by lascivious remarks. One day, with multiple witnesses on hand, Fields suggested that Dixon needed a sex toy. She immediately walked off the Times Square set, called her CAA agent and lawyer and complained, she says. Her agent was able to insulate Dixon from further contact with Fields on the set.
"It all happened," Dixon says of the incident. "My agent was brave. But no one inside Relativity wanted to be the one to call Ryan Kavanaugh. So Adam wasn't entirely banned from the set."
Instead, Fields went on to oversee and executive produce other Relativity movies including Safe Haven and Masterminds, even as at least one other studio was trying to keep him from visiting its set (in an ironic twist, it was The Weinstein Co.).
In 2012, Miramax's Richard Nanula — who later became engulfed in scandal after stills from a sex tape he purportedly starred in with a porn actress surfaced online — handpicked Fields to oversee production on Sin City: A Dame to Kill For, a film that was distributed by The Weinstein Co. Although Fields received an executive producing credit on Sin City 2, sources say there were concerns about him visiting the Austin, Texas, set of the film directed by Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller because of a reputation for unprofessional behavior that stretched back to Sixteen Candles in 1984.
But that didn't stop Fields from inviting cast and crew to friend and Girls Gone Wild creator Joe Francis' compound in Mexico, which he used as his own, according to one member of the producing team. Another source says Miramax received complaints about Fields' behavior and eventually severed his freelance relationship with the studio.
Still, Fields remained in good standing with Kavanaugh and in April 2016 was hired as Relativity's co-president of production. Not long after, junior-level executive Melissa Philipian began having repeated run-ins with Fields.
"At first, he would just be sly about and say, 'I can really move you up the ranks if you want to be in this movie business,'" says Philipian, who worked in the studio's sports and music division. "At first, he wasn't so overt with it. And then, it was a couple of weeks before I left, he came to me and basically told me if I went to his house and had sex with him, I could be moved up high at Relativity. I told him I was not interested."
When asked if she reported the incident at the time, the then-junior-level executive said she didn't.
"I didn't notify anyone because I loved my job," says Philipian, who no longer works at Relativity. "He was one of my bosses, and I didn't want to rock the boat. There were other women whom he was doing this to, and I just felt like I didn't want to lose my job or get in trouble over saying something. I just kept it to myself even though I knew other people were talking about how creepy he was and all the things he was saying to them. I was clearly not the only one."
A third woman, a lawyer for the company who asked that her name not be revealed, also says she had unnerving encounters with the executive.
"What I can tell you is Adam had unwanted physical contact with me," says the attorney, who asked to remain anonymous. "It was unwelcome and invaded my personal space, and it made me feel very uncomfortable, particularly because he was my superior."
Kinsella, Fields' lawyer, says in a statement: "Mr. Fields categorically denies all the allegations. This is an obvious attempt by some at Relativity to intimidate Mr. Fields and destroy his reputation. It seems hardly coincidental that these stories from unnamed sources are surfacing in the press just now, a few days after Mr. Fields concluded presenting evidence in an arbitration in which he seeks millions of dollars in damages against Relativity and Ryan Kavanaugh for fraud and breach of contract."
But the Fields accusers say they decided to speak up now in light of the Harvey Weinstein scandal, which has prompted women across the industry to recount stories about powerful men harassing women with impunity. Film producers, many of whom spend their careers traveling the world on movie shoots and attending film festivals and other events, often are placed in situations where they can abuse power with little professional oversight.
Fields exited Relativity in September 2016, after the troubled studio had emerged from bankruptcy protection.
"We took swift and immediate action upon learning of these horrific allegations, launched an investigation and terminated him shortly thereafter," a Relativity spokesperson says in a statement.
Since his termination, Relativity and Fields have been battling it out in court. On Nov. 2, Relativity filed a suit against Fields that claims trade libel, interference with prospective economic relations and common law unfair competition. The suit claims that Fields was fired for cause in 2016, but five months later he approached a producer and falsely represented that he could negotiate distribution rights on behalf of Relativity. The suit goes on to claim that Fields quoted uncompetitive terms, which prompted the producer to opt for another distributor. The film was subsequently released with another distributor and was successful. Relativity is being represented by attorney Neville Johnson.
One former male staffer who declined to be named said several Relativity women not included in the five above, and one non-employee who did business with the studio, complained to him about Fields on separate occasions for popping up on their Facebook pages, posting comments about their figures and making inappropriate verbal remarks about both sex and drugs in the office. He said Fields would talk about his penchant for hookers openly in front of women in the workplace. Fields is said to have asked the male staffer to join him on a trip to Cuba.
"He wanted to go to Cuba specifically for the hookers," he says. "He also was showing me naked pictures on his phone of some girl he was supposedly dating. This was in the executive commissary at Sony. Even as a guy, he made me very uncomfortable."
Another former male staffer says Fields frequently talked crudely about a young female executive who is the daughter of a high-profile figure in the film industry.
"We were all working late nights, and he would rub the shoulders of a young executive and kiss her," he says. "It was uncomfortable for me. He would talk about his sexual exploits in front of everyone, including women. He would show photos of nude women on his phone in front of women, who were all aghast."
Fields began his career at CAA in the late 1970s. He then joined PolyGram Pictures, becoming executive vp production at the age of 24 and working with principals Jon Peters and Peter Guber on a string of hits including An American Werewolf in London and Missing. Over the years, Fields worked or had deals at Universal and Fox, worked a second time for Peters and also produced nonstudio films like 2001's Jake Gyllenhaal starrer Donnie Darko, which became a cult classic.
In 2010, he joined Miramax under the new ownership of Colony Capital to mine the library of Harvey and Bob Weinstein's former company. Sin City was one of the films he targeted for sequel treatment. In 2014, he became a Sony-based producer and special consultant and received a producer credit on the studio's Kevin Hart starrer The Wedding Ringer. He most recently executive produced Broad Green's Bad Santa 2, another film spawned from the Miramax/Dimension library.
Even in interviews with journalists, Fields has come across as unfiltered in his sexually charged language. In James Andrew Miller's 2016 book Powerhouse: The Untold Story of Hollywood's Creative Artists Agency, Fields offered a number of anecdotes from his days at CAA including calling in a bomb threat to an airline in an effort to keep a film from imploding and musing about where the film's missing producer might be. He is quoted as saying: "'Where's that producer?' I said, 'I don't know. Wherever producers go when they're fired. He's probably in a hotel room with two hookers.'"
According to Fields' IMDb Pro page, he has a film in development with Sony titled Big Stone Grid and an untitled Jerry Lee Lewis project with Brad Pitt's Plan B Entertainment. But a rep for Sony said it has no projects in the works with Fields.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
The Capitol in Washington, Monday, Oct. 7, 2013. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
The shutdown of the government is a crisis for Americans, who rely not just on the services provided by the affected agencies but on the efficiency of their delivery. When 800,000 federal employees are furloughed, it is not just the immediate damage that is of consequence; over time, the whole system begins to fray and weaken. While those furloughed employees will eventually be paid, the abrupt cutoff in pay has a ripple effect in the broader community. At a time when America's economic recovery is at best uneven, the financial uncertainties brought about by the shutdown have idled not just large federal contractors but small businesses on Main Street. Ad Policy
Another crisis is playing out as well, one that must be understood and addressed if this country is to avoid the kind of blackmail that might satisfy Ted Cruz and the Tea Party firebrands in the House, but that most Americans will understand as a threat to democracy.
The shutdown (and the threat to allow a debt default) seeks to undo the results of the 2012 election by giving a minority within the losing party the power to decide whether government will operate or not. The founders of the American experiment established a separation of powers, but that is not the cause of today's crisis. In 2012, Barack Obama won the presidency by 5 million votes. He won 51 percent of the overall vote, and he won the Electoral College 332 to 206. But the Democratic victory did not end there. The Democrats were expected to lose Senate seats, but they actually gained, and the overall turnout in those races gave them a 10 million–vote advantage. In House races, Democrats secured an overall margin of 1.7 million votes; the chamber is under Republican control not because of the desires of American voters, but because of a combination of gerrymandering, big money and winner-take-all voting structures.
So House Republicans are “governing” by other means. Worse yet, the House leadership is compelled to take the most extreme position because the vast majority of GOP districts have been so gerrymandered that even reasonable Republicans are more fearful of a Tea Party primary challenge than of a November challenge in which the whole electorate might hold them to account (for more on the gerrymander “suicide caucus,” see Ari Berman's Noted article).
In the short term, Obama and the Democrats must focus on avoiding any concessions that would allow a minority within a minority to force cuts in Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. But the crisis has created an opening for a discussion of gerrymandering and other structural challenges to democracy. The president has spoken before about the prospect that the Constitution will have to be amended to restore the rights of citizens to control the flow of big money in politics. This is vital. Just as vital is his support for renewal of the Voting Rights Act. But now he has to speak to the American people about the role that gerrymandering plays not just in limiting competition, but in empowering extremists who reject negotiation, compromise and the public good.
The American people are frustrated with Congress and are looking for ways to address this crisis. Groups like Common Cause and FairVote, which have campaigned on behalf of democratic reform for years, are at the ready with smart proposals—from nonpartisan redistricting commissions to proportional representation to creation of multi-member districts. Obama should use his bully pulpit not just to end the immediate crisis but to call for a national dialogue about the tattered state of our democracy. And he should call for reforms to ensure that Americans will never again be forced to live from crisis to crisis.
The Nation's Lee Fang writes about how evangelical operatives are contributing to the government shutdown.
I'm back... Oops.
I made these two skyscrapers that are connected at the lobby. Under the lobby is a small shopping mall, but I left it pretty blank so you can do whatever you'd like with the area if you download.
Building One has 22 floors plus the lobby, and has an observation deck.
Building Two has 19 floors plus the lobby, and has a helicopter pad.
Each building has a stairwell and elevator shaft that allows access to each floor.
Below the lobby is a small shopping mall that has 3 entrances from the lobby, and is completely underground. There is another level below the shopping mall, but I did not use it because I am building a city (I think) so I don't know if I will use that area as a parking garage or a subway station, so I didn't use the space.
Downloading
Feel free to download, don't forget to give a diamond and subscribe ! I love sharing my work.
However , if you download this build and use it beyond singleplayer Minecraft (server, YouTube, etc.) please credit my PlanetMinecraft account for the build. Do NOT plargiarize my work otherwise I will have to refrain from adding a download to submissions. Thank you! :)
dimensions
47x108x168
Enjoy!
IN A former leatherworks just off Euston Road in London, a hopeful firm is starting up. BenevolentAI's main room is large and open-plan. In it, scientists and coders sit busily on benches, plying their various trades. The firm's star, though, has a private, temperature-controlled office. That star is a powerful computer that runs the software which sits at the heart of BenevolentAI's business. This software is an artificial-intelligence system.
AI, as it is known for short, comes in several guises. But BenevolentAI's version of it is a form of machine learning that can draw inferences about what it has learned. In particular, it can process natural language and formulate new ideas from what it reads. Its job is to sift through vast chemical libraries, medical databases and conventionally presented scientific papers, looking for potential drug molecules.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Nor is BenevolentAI a one-off. More and more people and firms believe that AI is well placed to help unpick biology and advance human health. Indeed, as Chris Bishop of Microsoft Research, in Cambridge, England, observes, one way of thinking about living organisms is to recognise that they are, in essence, complex systems which process information using a combination of hardware and software.
That thought has consequences. Whether it is the new Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI), from the founder of Facebook and his wife, or the biological subsidiaries being set up by firms such as Alphabet (Google's parent company), IBM and Microsoft, the new Big Idea in Silicon Valley is that in the squidgy worlds of biology and disease there are problems its software engineers can solve.
Drug money
The discovery of new drugs is an early test of the belief that AI has much to offer biology and medicine. Pharmaceutical companies are finding it increasingly difficult to make headway in their search for novel products. The conventional approach is to screen large numbers of molecules for signs of pertinent biological effect, and then winnow away the dross in a series of more and more expensive tests and trials, in the hope of coming up with a golden nugget at the end. This way of doing things is, however, declining in productivity and rising in cost.
One explanation suggested for why drug discovery has become so hard is that most of the obvious useful molecules have been found. That leaves the obscure ones, which leads to long development periods and high failure rates. In theory, growing knowledge of the basic science involved ought to help. The trouble is that too much new information is being produced to be turned quickly into understanding.
Scientific output doubles every nine years. And data are, increasingly, salami-sliced for publication, to lengthen researchers' personal bibliographies. That makes information hard to synthesise. A century ago someone could still, with effort, be an expert in most fields of medicine. Today, as Niven Narain of BERG Health, an AI and biotechnology firm in Framingham, Massachusetts, points out, it is not humanly possible to comprehend all the various types of data.
This is where AI comes in. Not only can it “ingest” everything from papers to molecular structures to genomic sequences to images, it can also learn, make connections and form hypotheses. It can, in weeks, elucidate salient links and offer new ideas that would take lifetimes of human endeavour to come up with. It can also weigh up the evidence for its hypotheses in an even-handed manner. In this it is unlike human beings, who become unreasonably attached to their own theories and pursue them doggedly. Such wasted effort besets the best of pharmaceutical firms.
For example, Richard Mead, a neuroscientist at the University of Sheffield, in England, says BenevolentAI has given him two ideas for drugs for ALS, a neurodegenerative disease that he works on. Both molecules remain confidential while their utility is being assessed. One is bang in the middle of what he and his team are doing already. To him, this confirms that the artificial intelligence in question is generating good ideas. The other, though, is complicated and not obvious, but mechanistically interesting. Without the AI to prompt them, it is something his team might have ignored—and that, he admits, might in turn be a result of their bias.
For now, BenevolentAI is a small actor in the theatre of biology and artificial intelligence. But much larger firms are also involved. Watson, a computer system built by IBM, is being applied in similar ways. In particular, IBM has gone into partnership with Pfizer, an American pharma company, with the intention of accelerating drug discovery in immuno-oncology—a promising area of cancer therapy that encourages the body's own immune system to fight tumours.
Artificial intelligence will also move into clinical care. Antonio Criminsi, who, like Dr Bishop, works at Microsoft Research in Cambridge, observes that today the process of delineating the edges of tumours in images generated by MRI machines and CT scans is done by hand. This is tedious and long-winded (it can take up to four hours). AI can reduce the time taken to minutes, or even seconds—and the results are completely consistent, unlike those arrived at by human doctors.
Another example of AI's move into the clinic is described in a recent paper in JAMA , an American medical journal. This paper showed that it is possible to use AI to detect diabetic retinopathy and macular oedema, two causes of blindness, in pictures of the retina. Enlitic, a new firm based in San Francisco, is using AI to make commercial software that can assist clinical decisions, including a system that will screen chest X-rays for signs of disease. Your.MD, a firm based in London, is using AI, via an app, to offer diagnoses based on patients' queries about symptoms. IBM is also, via Watson, involved in clinical work. It is able to suggest treatment plans for a number of different cancers. All this has the potential to transform doctors' abilities to screen for and diagnose disease.
The power of networking
Another important biological hurdle that AI can help people surmount is complexity. Experimental science progresses by holding steady one variable at a time, an approach that is not always easy when dealing with networks of genes, proteins or other molecules. AI can handle this more easily than human beings.
At BERG Health, the firm's AI system starts by analysing tissue samples, genomics and other clinical data relevant to a particular disease. It then tries to model from this information the network of protein interactions that underlie that disease. At that point human researchers intervene to test the model's predictions in a real biological system. One of the potential drugs BERG Health has discovered this way—for topical squamous-cell carcinoma, a form of skin cancer—passed early trials for safety and efficacy, and now awaits full-scale testing. The company says it has others in development.
For all the grand aspirations of the AI folk, though, there are reasons for caution. Dr Mead warns: “I don't think we are in a state to model even a single cell. The model we have is incomplete.” Actually, that incompleteness applies even to models of single proteins, meaning that science is not yet good at predicting whether a particular modification will make a molecule intended to interact with a given protein a better drug or not. Most known protein structures have been worked out from crystallised versions of the molecule, held tight by networks of chemical bonds. In reality, proteins are flexible, but that is much harder to deal with.
More work at the molecular level is therefore needed before AI will be able to crack open the inner workings of a cell. One of CZI's first projects is generating just such basic data. That, in itself, is a massive undertaking—but it is one which collaboration with artificial intelligence will also speed up. AI will nudge people to generate new data and run particular experiments. Those people will then ask the AI to sift the results and make connections. As Isaac Newton put it, “If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.” If the brains of those giants happen to be made of silicon chips, so be it.
Why should we continue to study the Bible? That is not a question if you consider it the unalterable word of God. But for those who are uncertain, there is another powerful reason to pore over this sacred text.
Everything has changed since biblical times -- language, communication, dress, medicine, technology -- everything except human nature. We still cry as did David, dance as did Miriam, dream as did Jacob, suffer as did Job. Our marriages are troubled, families fractured, hopes thwarted. When his brothers are jealous of Joseph's special status and envious of his dreams, we understand. When Moses explodes in frustration against a people who will not follow the only path he knows will save them, we nod our heads in rueful recognition. This is not alien to us. As the Latin proverb has it, change the names and the story is about you.
Hagar is running away from Sarah, who is angry that she has the child Sarah has so far been denied. An angel asks Hagar where she has come from and where she is going. "I am running from my mistress Sarah" Hagar answers,
Why does she not tell the angel where she is going? When you are running from a burning building, it does not matter where you are headed; only what you are fleeing. Change the names, and the story is about you.
Esau swears to kill his brother Jacob. Why, after an estrangement lasting decades, does Esau fall on Jacob's neck and weep? Although they were not identical, they were twins. Living in an age without mirrors, people rarely if ever saw themselves. Suddenly Esau is confronted by a much older man than the boy who cheated him. He recognizes his own age, how many years have passed, and how futile the bitterness. Change the names.
Seeing the golden calf, Moses smashes the tablets God has carved as he descends from the mountain. After he ascends a second time, he carves a new set of tablets and when he returns to the people, his face shines. Why does it shine the second time and not the first? Because the second time he has carved the tablets, and we are changed not by what we are given, but by what we do.
The Bible is our story because it is the human story. In the Hebrew bible there are no perfect characters, no flawless people. In all their messy humanity people stride uncertainly through history, leaving a trail of light that illuminates our path as we follow in their faltering, aspirational footsteps.
Sanders: Postal Service Plan ‘Deeply Flawed'
The U.S. Postal Service announced plans on Thursday to close or consolidate 223 mail processing centers. Up to 35,000 jobs could be eliminated. The decisions are not final. No closings will occur before May 15. Postmaster General Patrick Donahue agreed to that timetable under moratorium proposed by Sen. Bernie Sanders to give Congress time to act. "The plan announced today by the U.S. Postal Service is deeply flawed and Congress must change it. I expect comprehensive postal reform legislation to be on the floor of the Senate within the next few weeks," Sanders added.
"At a time when the Postal Service is competing against the instantaneous delivery of information from email and the Internet, slowing down mail delivery service will result in less business and less revenue, and will bring about a death spiral for this institution which is so vitally important for all Americans," Sanders said.
"A critical weakness of the current Postal Service plan is that it ignores the onerous financial burden being placed on the Postal Service by $5.5 billion a year in pre-payments for future retiree health benefits. According to the Postal Service inspector general, those payments are no longer necessary because of the $45 billion which that account already has accumulated," Sanders added. "The Postal Service needs to be reformed not by massive cuts, but by a new entrepreneurial business model which expands the products and services the post office can sell in the 21st century digital age."
Read more about an effort by a group of 27 senators calling for "significant improvements" in a bill to modernize the U.S. Postal Service »
Read the letter to Sanders from the Postal Service inspector general saying a big funding cushion already has been built into the mail service's health benefit funds »
Forget Clinton and Trump, vote strategically.
A vote for Gary Johnson isn't just a protest vote against the two least liked presidential candidates in history. It's a strategic vote for the next election and the future of our country.
This election cycle is a mess. We have a billionaire playboy with a trash mouth who doesn't know why we just can't “nuke” people and a former secretary of state who is one of the least liked and most corrupt politicians in history. If you're anything like me, you've played a big part in making the hashtags #NeverTrump and #HillaryForPrison start trending on Twitter.
I can't bring myself to vote for either of them. But, fortunately, I have a choice. Contrary to popular belief, a vote for former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson is not a wasted vote. In fact, it's a strategic vote.
In the 2012 election, Johnson was also the Libertarian candidate. He managed to receive 1,275,923 votes, just under one percent of the popular vote. In this election, he is doing much better. As of a month ago, Johnson was polling at 13 percent of the popular vote. A Washington Post survey showed Johnson polling at double digits in 42 states and at 15 percent or higher in 15. Another poll even showed him at 17 percent in New York, the home state of both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Keep in mind, Gary Johnson has garnered this much support despite the fact that his campaign budget is a fraction of Clinton's and Trump's. On top of that, he has received little to no media coverage, evident by his exclusion from all three presidential debates.
We've all heard it, “Don't waste your vote by voting for a third party.” Trump supporters say that a vote for Gary Johnson is a vote for Clinton. Yet, my liberal friends love to tell me that a vote for Gary Johnson will ultimately help Trump. Which one is it?
Yes, it's true that the winner of this election, as has been the case for every election we can remember, will either be a Democrat or Republican. We have a bipartisan system and people are annoyingly loyal to their political party. Thus, when the two major parties nominate candidates who are unlikeable and/or unfit for office, we are left with a tough decision. A decision, as many people would say, to choose the lesser of two evils.
This in itself is a sign that our bipartisan system is flawed. Perhaps we should take the advice from the famous theologian Charles Spurgeon when he said “From a communist to a cultist, choosing the least of evils is still evil, and never should we do evil that good may come.”
I will be voting for Gary Johnson, the most qualified candidate in the election, because I refuse to vote for the lesser of two evils and in doing so, my vote is a strategic vote for the 2020 election.
Let's just say that Johnson ends up getting 10 percent of the popular vote on November 8. It's possible. If that happens, the Libertarian Party will have improved its support by 1000 percent from 2012 to 2016. Let me repeat that, ONE THOUSAND PERCENT. If the Libertarian Party support improves in 2020 at even a third of the rate that it did in 2016, we would be looking at a third party candidate polling at over 30 percent, which is certainly enough to be a serious competitor in a three party election.
The Libertarian Party has four years to increase its popularity and campaign funds. Not only is it possible that a third party candidate can compete in the 2020 presidential election, but it's even likely.
If the winner of this election turns out to be as awful as everyone thinks he or she is, the demand for a legitimate alternative will only grow. When the 2020 election comes around and everyone still hates the establishment and our broken bipartisan system in Washington, there will be Gary Johnson and the Libertarian Party ready to make another run for the White House. This time, he'll have the momentum from 2016, including enough votes to be included in the debates, to actually throw a wrench in things. So, when someone tells you that a vote for Gary Johnson is a wasted vote, tell them that they are wrong. It's a strategic vote, a vote that will lead us to a future where we have more options and won't have to choose between the lesser of two evils.
Jacob Waltman is a senior in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences. Comments may be sent to associate-editor@cornellsun.com. Guest Room appears periodically this semester.
Welcome to TV Minus the TV, a column full of thoughts about TV shows watched on laptops published on the internet for you to read on your phone.
***
Paperback crime novels once had a unique job: propel the weary traveler through an otherwise interminable flight. Give us a damaged hero, a whiff of sex, a brawl, a shoot-out, a few quips, well-drawn stock characters, heaps of local color, and a conspiracy that goes “all the way to the top.” They provided the satisfying, bite-sized, and disposable diversion that your flight from Dallas to Charlotte demanded.
However, while the post-gold-whatever-age of TV in which we find ourselves has done a remarkable job at transforming the old literary genres of the past – Mad Men and Transparent are upper-middle-brow belletristic novels transformed for screen; The Wire unfolds like an urgent mosaic of reportage and oral history once reserved for, well, magazines and newspapers; High Maintenance feels like a sequence of trim, warm short stories that you might find in literary quarterlies, albeit ones with a sense of humor – it takes a little digging into your Prime account to find one of the best adaptations of those “airport crime thrillers” of the 90's and early millennium:
The Man in Black is now one of the boys in blue
Amazon Studio's Bosch, whose second season was released last month:
Based off of the protagonist of nearly twenty Michael Connelly novels, war veteran (Vietnam in the novels; the first Gulf War in the Amazon series) and LAPD superstar Hieronymus Bosch, Bosch aims for comprehension over dazzle, craft over symbol, and the quotidian over the epic. Languid, gorgeous shots of LA wash over the expositional dialogue. Episodes end on meditative anticlimaxes. You've encountered all these character types before, from the retired porn star femme fatale to the young undercover cop in too deep.
In an era of shock and awe TV (Walking Dead, Game of Thrones), Bosch's temperature runs cool, ferrying the viewer to the next set piece, the next interrogation in a shabbily paneled room, the next contemplative shot of Titus Welliver's Bosch sipping bourbon in his hillside home while listening to Wayne Shorter.
It offers the same easy-drinking graciousness as those dependable crime novels – which feels like the point…
All that ease stems from its pedigree.
Aside from the machine-worked excellence of Connelly's source material (each of the two seasons has blended the plots of a handful of Connelly's Bosch novels), the show was developed by Eric Overmyer, veteran of The Wire, Homicide: Life on the Street and Treme. Welliver has been an excellent supporting player in everything from The Good Wife to Deadwood, and though making him the anchor of a show might seem like building an NBA team around Detlef Schrempf # , Welliver's thousand-yard stare reflects both Bosch's moral core and his palpable grief (the cold case murder of Bosch's mother is a narrative undercurrent in both seasons).
The supporting cast fits the show's pace and verisimilitude well. Jamie Hector — terrifying as Marlo Stanfield on The Wire — walks the line between assured and inscrutable as Bosch's partner. Sarah Clarke, best known from 24, is Bosch's poker pro ex-wife. Another Wire alum, Lance Reddick, brings his iron-ore voice and preternatural intensity as one of Bosch's many exasperated bosses. Erika Alexander, Steven Culp, Amy Aquino … the show is stuffed with the best possible iterations of “that woman/guy!” recognition.
Season 2 added Jeri Ryan, widow of the porn producer whose murder drives the season, along with Matthew Lillard as a strip-club owner and yet another Wire favorite, James Ransone, as a crooked cop. Ryan is alluringly sinister, while Ransone and Lillard each use the season to craft their respective highlight reels in their two-man competition to be this generation's Eric Roberts:
that's meant as a high compliment
Critically, Bosch's cast looks and sounds like the real deal.
Middle-aged, filled with non-white and LGBT characters, Bosch's collection of cops actually resembles that of a big city police force. The show has no precocious 22-year-old hackers with vegetal extensions nor Hemsworth dopplegangers to be found. Crime fiction has the luxury of description to define a character through a motif; Bosch's cast pulls us in through weary looks and rumpled dress shirts. Their voices crack from a hangover or from a long shift, and unlike cop shows that overarch for epic or the pat procedurals that buff out the everyday, Bosch lets life emanate through a seasoned actor's face.
Additionally, where the first season was weighed down by a bland, chatty serial killer, the second season goes straight to the treasure trove of LA crime tropes: dead porn producer, the Armenian mob, dirty cops robbing drug lords, Vegas interludes, local election graft, the works.
Its visuals burst with richness to match:
The camera captures Los Angeles's harmony of haze and electric light, the vessels of roads that snake out in all directions, the neighborhoods that slip from rich to working to poor in a quarter-mile. And like the omniscient narrative eye of a detective novel, Bosch's visual language honors details, but refuses to linger.
When Bosch and Reddick's Deputy Chief Irving brainstorm in a nice, not opulent, LA hotel room, the camera sizes up the curtains and the couch for a moment, swiftly transmitting all the tonal information we need. Where other shows and films fetishize Mulholland Drive, the Mount Sinai of America film noir, and the site of this season's instigating murder, Bosch imbues the street with range – on the night of the murder, the opening scene of the season, the road is the serpentine, classically sinister locale of a shared American cinematic memory; a few days later, as Bosch and other cops hunt for clues, Mulholland resembles just another shabby LA crime scene.
By committing to its source material, Bosch simultaneously takes its place alongside its predecessors Southland and The Shield in the upper echelons of dust-caked LA realism.
I won't claim that Bosch is appointment TV, dead as that concept may be. Instead, think of Bosch as a steady, pleasurable modern cop yarn ready for when you need it. It doesn't talk down to you, doesn't feel the need to gussy up a solid crime story with bad undergrad philosophy, and doesn't take up too much of your time.
Think of it as a snug, evocative narrative that pairs well with a bag of pretzels and a window seat, smoothing out the rough edges of a flight home.
Softball Teams Up for a Cause
The Morehead State University softball team is collecting Christmas cards for nine-year-old Dalton Dingus this week.Dingus, a resident of Salyersville, Ky., is currently living with stage 4 cystic fibrosis and has a dream to beat the Guinness World Record for most Christmas Cards received. He was recently sent home from the hospital to be with his family for the holidays. The current record is 35,000 cards, and Dingus has received upwards of 23,000 cards thus far.The softball program would like to reach out to the Morehead State community to reach this goal. The team will be set-up on the second floor of the Adron Doran University Center from 10-2 p.m. on Friday to collect cards, signatures and words of encouragement. All are welcome to bring their own cards, or sign cards that have been donated.Those who wish to drop off cards are asked to put their name, hometown and state on the outside of the envelope. The cards will be shipped out on Saturday and can also be given to any member of the softball program or dropped off at the Academic-Athletic Center in office 227.Cards can also be addressed directly to Dalton at HC 62 Box 1249, Salyersville, Ky., 41465.
[Mesa-dev] GBM and the Device Memory Allocator Proposals
As many here know at this point, I've been working on solving issues related to DMA-capable memory allocation for various devices for some time now. I'd like to take this opportunity to apologize for the way I handled the EGL stream proposals. I understand now that the development process followed there was unacceptable to the community and likely offended many great engineers. Moving forward, I attempted to reboot talks in a more constructive manner with the generic allocator library proposals & discussion forum at XDC 2016. Some great design ideas came out of that, and I've since been prototyping some code to prove them out before bringing them back as official proposals. Again, I understand some people are growing concerned that I've been doing this off on the side in a github project that has primarily NVIDIA contributors. My goal was only to avoid wasting everyone's time with unproven ideas. The intent was never to dump the prototype code as-is on the community and presume acceptance. It's just a public research project. Now the prototyping is nearing completion, and I'd like to renew discussion on whether and how the new mechanisms can be integrated with the Linux graphics stack. I'd be interested to know if more work is needed to demonstrate the usefulness of the new mechanisms, or whether people think they have value at this point. After talking with people on the hallway track at XDC this year, I've heard several proposals for incorporating the new mechanisms: -Include ideas from the generic allocator design into GBM. This could take the form of designing a "GBM 2.0" API, or incrementally adding to the existing GBM API. -Develop a library to replace GBM. The allocator prototype code could be massaged into something production worthy to jump start this process. -Develop a library that sits beside or on top of GBM, using GBM for low-level graphics buffer allocation, while supporting non-graphics kernel APIs directly. The additional cross-device negotiation and sorting of capabilities would be handled in this slightly higher-level API before handing off to GBM and other APIs for actual allocation somehow. -I have also heard some general comments that regardless of the relationship between GBM and the new allocator mechanisms, it might be time to move GBM out of Mesa so it can be developed as a stand-alone project. I'd be interested what others think about that, as it would be something worth coordinating with any other new development based on or inside of GBM. And of course I'm open to any other ideas for integration. Beyond just where this code would live, there is much to debate about the mechanisms themselves and all the implementation details. I was just hoping to kick things off with something high level to start. For reference, the code Miguel and I have been developing for the prototype is here: https://github.com/cubanismo/allocator And we've posted a port of kmscube that uses the new interfaces as a demonstration here: https://github.com/cubanismo/kmscube There are still some proposed mechanisms (usage transitions mainly) that aren't prototyped, but I think it makes sense to start discussing integration while prototyping continues. In addition, I'd like to note that NVIDIA is committed to providing open source driver implementations of these mechanisms for our hardware, in addition to support in our proprietary drivers. In other words, wherever modifications to the nouveau kernel & userspace drivers are needed to implement the improved allocator mechanisms, we'll be contributing patches if no one beats us to it. Thanks in advance for any feedback! -James Jones
CBS is making a change on Thursday. Midseason series Angel From Hell, starring Jane Lynch and Maggie Lawson, has been cancelled effective immediately. It aired five episodes of its 13-episode order. Starting next week, the single-camera comedy will be replaced by multi-camera veteran 2 Broke Girls, which will return to Thursdays where it aired last season and earlier this season. (A Big Bang Theory repeat will fill Angel From Hell's Thursday 9:30 PM slot this week.)
CBS opened a temporary comedy block in the Wednesday 8-9 PM hour in January to bridge the two installments of Survivor. The block, consisting of 2 Broke Girls and departing Mike & Molly, will wrap its run this week as Survivor comes back next Wednesday. 2 Broke Girls will make its Thursday season debut the following night, Feb. 18.
Angel From Hell, starring Lynch as a young woman's (Lawson) caustic guarding angel, was originally slated to debut as part of CBS' post-Thursday Night Football lineup in November but its launch was pushed to January. There had been rumors about creative issues on the high-concept series, which has drawn modest ratings by CBS' Thursday comedy block standards, in the 1.3-1.4 rating range among adults 18-49 (live+same day).
The 2 Broke Girls move takes care of the remaining episodes of the 22-episode fifth-season comedy. There are also several episodes left of the 13-episode final season of Mike & Molly. They are rumored to air Mondays in the 8 PM hour after Supergirl ends its limited freshman run.
A quick turnaround for the Charlotte Independence sends them northward to the Keystone State of PA for Independence Day. After beating Rochester 2–1 late on Saturday night (early Sunday morning), there's no rest for the winning.
In week four of the USL season, Pittsburgh and Charlotte met at Eagle Field in Rock Hill, SC. The scoring started early that night and then the game fizzled off rather quickly. This matchup saw Kay Banjo score in just two minutes… wait, let's take a moment and recognize how amazing that name is. I recall this vividly because I wasn't even seated before he quickly carved up our defense. The next goal was scored at the penalty spot by Jorge Herrera just four minutes after Banjo.
Charlotte held possession in the amount of 71% to 29% while their passing accuracy was stellar at 86%. However, this possession did not translate into goals, and the game ended in a 1–1 draw.
This was back in the dark ages of our team's attack. Luckily for Independence fans, those woes in front of the net have mostly ceased. The increased proficiency in front of the net has catapulted the Jacks to 5th in the East, undefeated in their last four.
Balanced Offensive Attack
Independence fans have had a lot to cheer about over the last month of the season. Since June 4th, we have played six games while playing some tough competition. In those six games we have three wins, two draws, and one lose.
Those three wins, the last three games, have all seen the Jacks consistently controlling the tempo. Impressively, our average passing accuracy has been 81% during that span. The deadliest aspect of Charlotte's attack is where its greatest criticism has come from. While we may not have a typical striker up top, we've turned that into an advantage. Statistics like those found below show me that while our offense may not be traditional it doesn't mean it isn't deadly.
This front four is nothing to mess with… and they know it.
Home Field Disadvantage
Typically, teams look forward to returning to their home to bask in the glory of their supporters section. I'm not going to speculate that Pittsburgh doesn't enjoy doing that… but their record at home is certainly peculiar. The Riverhounds have played a total of eight games at home and have only turned three of those Highmark Stadium outings into wins. The other five matches have been four losses and one draw. In Pittsburgh's defense their opponents at home have been tough. Those games have been New York Red Bulls II, FC Cincinnati, Saint Louis FC, Louisville City FC, Orlando City B, Tampa Bay Rowdies, Harrisburg City Islanders, and Toronto FC II.
Many Chances, Few Conversions
You would assume that a team that has created 127 chances would be highly ranked on a goal per game basis. That is not the case for the Riverhounds either: they are currently averaging only one goal per game. That leads to the obvious conclusion: Pittsburgh is averaging so few goals per game because they can't shoot. They currently are only converting on 11% of their total shots.
Midfield Depth
There were few things to be disappointed in after Charlotte avenged their early season lose to the Rhinos on Saturday night. One unfortunate thing that did transpire was that Callum Ross was given his 5th yellow of the season. This means that we will be without his presence in the midfield which will be sorely missed. He has started the last five games beside Jun Marques Davidson in the midfield and has deserved to do so.
Most teams would be left scrambling to fill this role. Luckily for Charlotte, we are stacked in the midfield and have a workhorse that I believe could start for numerous teams in the league. Lewis Hilton has been a consistent substitute for Callum Ross later in games. He is one of only three Independence players that has appeared in every game this year. His versatility in the midfield will be tough for Pittsburgh to stop.
Unfortunate Timing
Pittsburgh's normal man between the pipes, Trey Mitchell, sustained a shoulder injury while preparing for their last game against Tampa Bay. Typically this would mean certain doom for any team to have to start a reserve goalkeeper. However, replacement Keasel Broome filled in excellently and was able to keep the clean sheet while also winning save of the week.
The timing for this upcoming game is not ideal for Pittsburgh. Keasel Broome was called up to play for Barbados in the Windward Islands Tournament in Grenada and he too will be unavailable.
To alleviate this potential disastrous situation, the Riverhounds have added a goalkeeper from a bitter rival of the Independence. Macklin Robinson was loaned to the Riverhounds from North Carolina FC on June 30th. The 23-year-old has only played in one game for NCFC this season. His sole start of the season came in the 2nd round of the US Open Cup against the Carolina Dynamo. NCFC won that game 6–1 and the only goal Macklin let in was on a corner in the 74th minute.
Pittsburgh has had to deal with a fair share of injuries this season. They lost starting right back Rich Balchan for the season to a Achilles injury in April. A recent acquisition to help that situation is Shannon Gomez who was just recently loaned to them by NYCFC. I'll be interested to see how these new additions gel together with a short amount of practice time.
Prediction Time
I'm going to take a moment and do some self promotion. I correctly predicted both the scoreline and first goal scorer for Indy's game against Rochester.
These days, my Magic 8 Ball has been looking less cloudy. As I peer into that very same Magic 8 Ball for Tuesday's matchup, a few things are very apparent. Charlotte's chances of getting three points in Pennsylvania are “most likely” or “without a doubt.” I would even say that Pittsburgh's chances of scoring are “very doubtful.”
I'm predicting a 2–0 victory for the streaking Independence and their rise up the standings to continue. I'll be looking for Enzo to score the first goal with an assist from his brother Alex. I also believe that firecracker Lewis Hilton will take advantage of his starting role and score an unassisted goal.
COYJ.
The emerging domain of parallelized quantum information processing opens up new possibilities for precise measurements, communication and imaging. Precise control of multiple stored photons allows efficient handling of this subtle information in large amounts. In the Quantum Memories Laboratory at Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw a group of laser-cooled atoms has been used as a memory which can store simultaneously up to 665 quantum states of light. The experimental results have been published in a prestigious Nature Communications journal.
Every information processing task requires a memory. As any classical computer cannot exist without a RAM memory, quantum computer could not be built without a quantum memory. Quantum memory is a device capable of storage and on demand retrieval of quantum states. The key parameter of such memory is its capacity, in other words the number of qubits (quantum bits) which the memory can effectively process. Simultaneous operation on many qubits is a key to efficient quantum parallel computation, providing new possibilities in the fields on imaging or communication.
Regardless of significant efforts, the on demand generation of many photons remains a key challenge for many experimental groups dealing with quantum information. For a recently widely-used method of multiplexing many single-photon emitters into one network the complexity of experimental systems grows unfavorably with its advantages. Using a quantum memory on the other hand one can generate a group of a dozen photons within seconds rather than years. Among many methods of encoding information about single photons in a quantum memory the spatial multiplexing aided by a single-photon sensitive camera stands out as an effective way to obtain high capacity at low cost.
In the Quantum Memories Laboratory (Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw) such high-capacity memory has been successfully built. The system now holds a world-record of the largest capacity, as other experimentalists can only harness tens of independent states of light. The heart of the constructed setup comprises a so-called magneto-optical trap (MOT): a group of rubidium atoms inside a glass vacuum chamber is trapped and cooled by lasers in the presence of magnetic field to about 20 microkelvins. The memory light-atoms interface is based on off-resonant light scattering. In the write-in process the cloud of atoms is illuminated by a laser beam, resulting in photon scattering. Each scattered photon is emitted in random direction and registered on a sensitive camera. The information about scattered photons is stored inside the atomic ensemble in the form of collective excitations - spin-waves which can be on demand retrieved as another group of photons. By measuring correlations between emission angles of photons created during the write-in and read-out process we certify that the memory is indeed quantum and that the properties of generated state of light fail to be described by classical optics. The prototype quantum memory from Faculty of Physics at University of Warsaw now takes two optical tables and functions with the help of nine lasers and three control computers.
The quantum memory created using the funding of National Science Center (Poland) "PRELUDIUM" and "OPUS" project as well as Ministry of Science and Higher Education "Diamentowy Grant" project stands out for one more reason. The quantum information about all stored photons resides in a single cloud of cold atoms, and each atom takes part in the storage of each photon, making the memory resilient to a decoherence. This has been confirmed by observing quantum interference of two distinct excitations (differing by just a single quantum number). "This will allow even more complex manipulations of the atomic state, finally to prepare quantum states of light with accurately controlled parameters" - explains prof. Wojciech Wasilewski, head of Quantum Memories Laboratory.
###
Movie: A day from Quantum Memories Laboratory
Physics and Astronomy first appeared at the University of Warsaw in 1816, under the then Faculty of Philosophy. In 1825 the Astronomical Observatory was established. Currently, the Faculty of Physics' Institutes include Experimental Physics, Theoretical Physics, Geophysics, Department of Mathematical Methods and an Astronomical Observatory. Research covers almost all areas of modern physics, on scales from the quantum to the cosmological. The Faculty's research and teaching staff includes ca. 200 university teachers, of which 88 are employees with the title of professor. The Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw, is attended by ca. 1000 students and more than 170 doctoral students.
SCIENTIFIC PAPERS:
"Wavevector multiplexed atomic quantum memory via spatially-resolved single-photon detection"
M. Parniak, M. Dabrowski, M. Mazelanik, A. Leszczynski, M. Lipka, W. Wasilewski
Nature Communications 8, 2140 (2017); DOI: 10.1038/s41467-017-02366-7
https:/ / www. nature. com/ articles/ s41467-017-02366-7
CONTACTS:
Dr. Wojciech Wasilewski
Institute of Experimental Physics, Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw
tel. +48 22 5532630
email: wojciech.wasilewski@fuw.edu.pl
M. Sc. Michal Parniak
Institute of Experimental Physics, Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw
tel. +48 22 5532629
email: michal.parniak@fuw.edu.pl
M. Sc. Michal Dabrowski
Institute of Experimental Physics, Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw
tel. +48 22 5532629
email: mdabrowski@fuw.edu.pl
RELATED LINKS:
http://www. fuw. edu. pl
Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw.
http://psi. fuw. edu. pl/
Quantum Memories Laboratory, Institute of Experimental Physics, Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw.
http://www. fuw. edu. pl/ informacje-prasowe. html
Press Office of the Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw.
IMAGES:
FUW171215b_fot01s.jpg
HR: http://www. fuw. edu. pl/ press/ images/ 2017/ FUW171215b_fot01. jpg
Cooled and trapped cloud of cold atoms used to realize the quantum memory protocol. The atoms reside in the center of the vacuum chamber, around which the magnetic coils necessary to trap the atoms are visible. The blue color is caused by two near-infrared lasers illuminating the atoms and driving a two-photon transition, which results in spontaneous emission of visible blue light.
(Source: FUW, Mateusz Mazelanik)
FUW171215b_fot02s.jpg
HR: http://www. fuw. edu. pl/ press/ images/ 2017/ FUW171215b_fot02. jpg
Article authors: (first row, from left): M. Parniak, M. Mazelanik, M. Dabrowski, M. Lipka, (second row, from left) A. Leszczynski, W. Wasilewski, along with the setup of cold-atom quantum memory.
Two optical tables with elements used to construct the prototype setup are visible. (Source: FUW, Mateusz Mazelanik)
MOVIES:
Harry Potter star Emma Watson is returning to fantasy cinema after signing on to play the lead in "Game of Thrones-style" saga Queen of the Tearling, reports Variety.
Watson will play 19-year-old idealistic princess Kelsea Glynn, created by Erika Johansen after the author heard a 2007 speech by a pre-presidential Barack Obama. Johansen signed a seven-book deal in February and the first novel in the series is due next year. It is set three centuries after an environmental catastrophe, when a malevolent Red Queen reigns over the kingdom of the Tearling. Glynn must defeat the monarch to reclaim her deceased mother's crown, and publishers have compared the tone of the series with that of George RR Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire saga, which is being adapted by US network HBO as Game of Thrones.
Warner Bros, which oversaw the Harry Potter films, has acquired film rights to the entire book series. Watson will reunite with David Heyman, who also produced the Potter saga. The British actor recently appeared in teen drama The Perks of Being a Wallflower and has a supporting role in Sofia Coppola's much-hyped The Bling Ring. She can be seen playing a version of herself in the dark comedy This Is the End, Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg's humorous apocalypse movie, which is released in US cinemas on 14 June and arrives in the UK later in the month. Watson will also play Noah's adopted daughter Ila in Darren Aronofsky's forthcoming biblical epic.
Does NASCAR need the Barstool Sports audience?
Yes.
It's a simple question with a pretty simple answer. NASCAR needs a younger audience, it's plain and simple. The NASCAR fan base is older, it is aging and with that it is also declining. Whether it be the length of the schedule, the product on the track or the stereotype that comes with being a NASCAR fan. All of those likely contribute to the fact the ratings and attendance have declined.
Barstool recently dipped their toes into the NASCAR world by sponsoring the #37 car driven by Chris Buescher at Las Vegas nearly two weeks ago. Barstool came to NASCAR, not the other way around. NASCAR likely never batted an eye at Barstool before that. For myself I was very excited to see what they were going to do with the sponsorship and the experience. Unfortunately I don't think they capitalized on the opportunity for themselves and NASCAR. But that's not to say they didn't try.
Barstool owns Old Row, a southern frat/bro/college brand that is huge in the south. That is who should be doing NASCAR stuff and they should be doing it at Talladega. Just a suggestion, feel free to steal it.
This tweet last Thursday is a prime example for how out of touch most NASCAR fans are. That type of NASCAR fan is the reason the sport hasn't grown beyond the fans it has now. NASCAR fans are generally fans because their parents are fans. Creating a brand-new fan is difficult and something NASCAR doesn't necessarily excel at.
Whenever wrote that "Barstool viewership will help NASCAR" should have their keyboard taken away — it me (@Turn__Five) March 16, 2017
That tweet is annoying. It most certainly will help NASCAR. More importantly NASCAR needs Barstool and their audience more than Barstool needs NASCAR. There is a “hipster” portion of the NASCAR fan base who is a kind of likes racing, but really likes mocking the sport while being a fan. It's a weird phenomenon, and they seem to have this idea that allowing “bro culture” into the sport is bad. Just a heads-up, bros already come to races and their money and eyes are worth the same as yours.
According to Barstool Sports marketing page the website reaches 6.7+ million different readers a month and over 200 million plus monthly pageviews. Staggering numbers for an independent sports blog. Out of those readers 50% are in the 25-34 age group, 76% have a college degree or higher and 47% have a household income over $100,000.
THIS IS THE TYPE OF AUDIENCE NASCAR NEEDS.
How people don't understand that is baffling. Like Dee didn't know Lil Kev was retarded, these people can't see the obvious either. NASCAR needs to grow their young adult audience the same way baseball needed to grow theirs in the not so distant past. Millennials spend money, look at all the people that buy Barstool merch, thousands of young adults. They just hand over $25 a shirt. Connect with that type of base and NASCAR could sell tickets and merch. They need better merch but that's a whole different blog.
Barstool is huge on college campuses. You have a Barstool guy attend 10 races a year, make some videos of the infield, interview some people, show some clips of the race and put it on the website. That will get college kids to look at NASCAR. Also I'm a firm believer that there are a lot of closet college/young adult nascar fans. Barstool would make it alright to be a NASCAR fan. Sounds like you're talking about telling your boys you're gay. It's very strange but completely true. Plus it's 2017 bro, it's cool.
Media is being consumed in different ways. The long form race recaps will be a thing of the past soon. Hence why this blog does bullet point recap with clips of the race. No one want's to read 1500 words on a 3.5 hour race. Barstool does a great job of taking a game/event and making it funny yet surprisingly informative in a quick read.
There are already some stoolies among the NASCAR driver ranks, most notable Ryan Blaney who is a Barstool should have sponsored. You get Blaney, Kyle Larson, Chase Elliott and some of the other young guys on board and things could really look up for NASCAR. As well as Barstool who would have an in with the sports the biggest drivers.
Eventually these guys who have been around 15-17 years will be retiring or just phased out. When they leave so does some of the audience, you need new blood that joins this sport because of a driver or whatever peaks their interest in it. You can't rely on Dale Jr. forever.
Barstool viewership will 1000% help NASCAR. Allow them to do their schtick and let them attract a younger audience. Watching the old guard of media members complain and gripe about what they did at the Daytona 500 media day and at Las Vegas only exemplified how old NASCAR has become.
My suggestion to NASCAR, welcome them with open arms and be happy someone that can connect with a younger audience is here. Invite them to Talladega, have them at the big races and give them access to the drivers. Because the NASCAR social media team is rather awful at their jobs. My suggestion to Barstool, give it a chance, hire a NASCAR guy and see where it goes.
Saturdays are for the boys and Sundays are for being hungover watching NASCAR while football is gone. Seeing SAFTB flags flying in the infield definitely wouldn't be a bad thing.
Follow me on Twitter @MattNiehausAO
Like Us on Facebook
Six-Day Summer Camp For Gifted Math Students Grades 4-9
For the past seven years, Math League has held a summer tournament for students from China, Canada, United States, and selected students from other countries. In the past, students needed to qualify by taking our annual contests and being among the high scoring students on these contests. This summer, we are opening our program to students whose schools do not participate in our annual contests. We have a limited number of spaces available for such students since priority admission will be given to those students who apply based on their scores on our annual contests.
We will be holding our annual summer program for students in grades 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 at The College of New Jersey in Ewing Township NJ. The program consists of six days of math contests (individual questions, team questions, relay questions, and speed questions) as well as a series of lectures on various mathematical topics. During the past three summers, we have had speakers from such schools as Princeton University, Columbia University, Rutgers University, and Williams College. A complete list of speakers as well as additional information about our program may be found at https://www.mathleague.com/index.php/31-mathleaguewebsite/general/261-math-league-competitions The program for students in grades 4 and 5 will be held from July 13th through July 18th; the program for students in grades 6, 7, 8, and 9 will be held from July 23th through July 28th. Last summer, approximately 300 students from China, Japan, South Korea, Canada, and the United States attended our program. This is a residential program--students will remain on campus for the six days of our program.
If you are interested in our program and would like to receive more information about it, please send an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
BEIJING — Canada got a tough Chinese-style lesson in power politics Monday.
Justin Trudeau arrived in China in the belief that his hosts had accepted the fundamentals of his “progressive trade agenda.” He fully expected to announce the launch of formal free trade talks Monday, with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang in the Great Hall of the People overlooking Tiananmen Square.
He left empty-handed — which is going to make this a very long week for the Prime Minister, as he's asked to elaborate on what went wrong.
“We're pleased to continue exploratory discussions towards a comprehensive agreement,” Trudeau said, after Li had made clear the Chinese were not prepared to bend on some of the issues close to the Prime Minister's heart. Trudeau said there was no specific issue that had unravelled a prospective deal, but that it's clear the “people first” nature of Ottawa's agenda did not dovetail with Chinese priorities.
Li said different national conditions justify different responses. “It is only natural that we don't see eye to eye on some issues,” said the Chinese premier.
The problem is, Trudeau was led to believe those objections had been settled.
Guy Saint-Jacques, Canada's former ambassador in Beijing, said that when Trudeau visited China last year he said he would not agree to free trade negotiations unless they included chapters on the environment, labour rights, state-owned enterprises and public procurement.
To the ambassador's surprise, the Chinese said they were persuaded by the Prime Minister's arguments — agreement that led to Trudeau's great expectations on this visit. But clearly, no one had informed Li.
It was apparent from the moment of the Canadian party's arrival at the Great Hall that the hosts were going to be assertive on their home turf.
The Canadian media's pool cameraman was manhandled and had his shot of Trudeau and Li blocked by Chinese security.
Adam Scotti of the Prime Minister's Office was blocked from entering the photo opportunity between the leaders — a problem, because he's Trudeau's official photographer.
Word emerged that the question-and-answer session scheduled for the end of the day was in doubt because of cold feet on the part of the hosts. “That's coordinated cold feet,” said one international journalist who covers the Chinese government on a regular basis.
If it was tense outside the room, it sounds like the jet-lagged Canadian delegation at the table was sweating spinal fluid. Would it be too cynical to suggest the Chinese ambushed their visitors, knowing that leaving without an announcement would prove embarrassing to them? Probably not.
Trudeau emerged to give his final statement looking like the boy who expected a bike for Christmas and instead got a pair of plain socks.
China already has a $43-billion trade surplus with Canada. It would have liked to extend its influence further by pushing for a more generous investment review threshold and broader access to the Canadian market.
But it doesn't need a deal with Canada. After the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party in October, president Xi Jinping outlined an alternative vision of globalism to rival western liberalism — one in which China sits squarely at the centre as an authoritarian, state-driven market economy.
It was always hard to see how Xi's vision, which is illiberal in the extreme, squared with Trudeau's ultra-liberal trade agenda.
That they were irreconcilable should have been apparent before Monday.
The moment was right for a deal. The prize is irresistible: Xi said this weekend that the Chinese economy will need $24 trillion in commodity imports and $2 trillion in investment over the next 15 years, and that China will hold the first expo in international imported products in Shanghai next year to encourage imports. China “does not seek a (trade) surplus,” he added.
But it seems the opportunity to secure preferential access to the Chinese market may have passed for now — and with it the protection and certainty that comes from clear rules and a binding dispute-resolution mechanism.
For Trudeau, it became a question of principles. Unlike the socialite who agreed to consider sleeping with Winston Churchill for £5 million but dismissed the offer of doing the deed for £5, he has some. We didn't even get to haggle over price.
But with the future of Canada's trade relations in disarray, at what cost to the Canadian economy?
In a late, hastily convened press conference, Trudeau put a brave face on the Chinese brush-off.
“This was a very successful second leaders-level dialogue. Moving forward on a free trade deal with China is a big thing — it's not a small thing — and the progress we made today in discussions means we will be able to keep moving forward in a responsible way,” he said.
Another such victory and we will be utterly undone.
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
Grant Halverson/Getty Images
Despite suffering through a frustrating, disappointing and often puzzling 2016 season, the Panthers can turn things around quickly and return to Super Bowl contention next year.
They don't have to trade Cam Newton, re-educate him into becoming a traditional pocket passer or follow him through his life and fashion choices like middle school hall monitors.
They don't have to completely rebuild the roster, take out a second mortgage in free agency or draft 25 new players (with all the extra picks they get from trading Cam).
They don't need to fire Ron Rivera, gut the coaching staff or perform some kind of culture transfusion in the locker room.
The Panthers just need to get out of their headspace and go back to playing football.
Last night's 26-15 victory over Washington was a prime example of what the Panthers must do. It was not a flawless game. There were dropped passes, missed throws, missed field goals, dumb penalties. But the Panthers moved the ball when they had to and got big plays from their defense, on the road, against a good opponent. Best of all, they didn't let a little misfortune—an obvious roughness foul on Newton that was reinterpreted by referees as a taunting violation against Newton—turn them into the Mighty Moodswings. Not for long, anyway.
But for most of the 2016 calendar year, from the moment Newton stormed out of his Super Bowl presser in a grump, the whole Panthers organization has been too busy battling itself to effectively cope with its opponents. While they had some real problems with injuries and roster inadequacies, the Panthers have performed the impressive feat of psyching themselves out for 11 months.
Scott Cunningham/Getty Images
General manager Dave Gettleman rigidly stuck to his long-term budgetary philosophy, even though a short-term Super Bowl victory was within the team's grasp. The on-and-off franchise tagging of Josh Norman, with no real Plan B for the Panthers' suddenly gutted secondary, showed that Gettleman was uncomfortable playing the hare after having so much success as the tortoise. He and the coaches fumbled the offseason evaluation process, bringing back fading regulars (like Mike Tolbert and Ed Dickson, who played well on Monday night but have been liabilities for much of the year) at positions where upgrades should have been cheap and easy to find.
The Panthers were so wary of the Super Bowl hangover from the start of training camp that they essentially wished one upon themselves. In retrospect, tight end Greg Olsen sounded like Nostradamus when he spoke to Bill Voth of Black and Blue Review in July: "This is too hard to come out and just half-assed and find ourselves 1-4 asking, 'What's going on?' We're not going to allow that to be the problem," he said.
It became precisely the problem once the Panthers found themselves 1-4.
Rivera should have tried to modulate his team's mood, but the former Riverboat Ron sounded more subdued and acted more risk averse than he did in prior years. Until he suddenly decided to risk both a loss and a national scandal by benching Newton against the Seahawks, that is.
So the general manager, coaches and veterans were doing a little too much navel gazing from the start. Which brings us to Newton.
Everyone brings a little baggage to any Newton conversation, so objectivity can be a little tricky. Even mundane criticism about footwork or decision making can sound a little shrill, like a plea for attention (good and bad) from the Internet. Defend Newton too hard, on the other hand, and you can sound naïve and oblivious. The guy who storms off in a huff after losses and gets benched by a purported "player's coach" for junior-varsity stuff has a hard time shaking slumps? How DARE you suggest those two things might be related?
Newton's slumps are slumpier than those suffered by his peers. Quarterbacks with MVP pedigrees don't go four straight weeks completing less than 50 percent of their passes, as Newton has done over the last month. Yes, the offensive line is cheesecloth, the receiving corps pedestrian and Mike Shula's offense too reliant on receivers winning one-on-one matchups. But Newton is the guy who not only invited Superman comparisons, but nearly insisted on them.
Jonathan Ferrey/Getty Images
Slumping Newton doesn't step into his deep throws and puts too much mustard on his short ones. When he's a little sloppy and erratic, his receivers appear to follow his lead. Suddenly, Kelvin Benjamin and Devin Funchess aren't as eager to fight for passes that might not arrive on target.
Maybe there's no direct correlation, but Newton's mood swings sure seem to rub off on the Panthers, who have a habit of burying themselves in avalanches. The Seahawks loss was a prime example: Newton got benched, Derek Anderson threw an interception on the first play of the game and the whole team played with a case of the yips for the rest of the evening. The Vikings loss was another avalanche game. Newton took a safety with a 10-0 lead, and darkness fell upon the land as the Vikings scored the next 20 points. When the Panthers make one mistake, three or four others are sure to follow, which only adds to the pressure to be perfect.
If this all sounds to you like momentum-based hocus-pocus when we should be talking about offensive line stability and secondary depth, keep in mind that it does not matter if you believe in momentum. If the Panthers believe in momentum, they'll be swayed by its invisible forces the way your sister-in-law's love life hinges upon her horoscope. The team that crumbles after its first big mistakes sure plays like it believes it is momentum's chew toy.
That's why it was a positive sign when the Panthers didn't let the Newton taunting penalty and a subsequent scoring drive snowball; they generated a turnover to start the second half and regained control of the game.
It has also been encouraging to hear a humbled Newton minimize the drama of TieGate, declare this season "humbling" and "challenging" and talk blandly about the steps he needs to take to get better. Indeed, football cliches become common for a reason, and great quarterbacks are more defined by their habits than their heroics. Newton doesn't need to stop smiling, dancing, dressing like Dapper Dan or playing Santa. He just needs to get back to work. And when things aren't going his way, he must learn to embrace the boring.
Meanwhile, Gettleman's long-range plan is starting to make sense now that we are entering a longer range. The all-rookie comedy troupe cornerback corps that started the year has grown up on the job. James Bradberry and Daryl Worley are keepers for a fraction of Norman's price tag. Cash and cap-space that would have been earmarked for Norman can go to Kawann Short or others. With all of that, the Panthers defensive nucleus can become great again in a hurry.
Grant Halverson/Getty Images
And that means the Panthers can address their offense after the season, starting at tackle. Their receiving corps needs reinforcements, too. Benjamin and Funchess still have the potential to anchor the group, so the Panthers just need complementary weapons. The Panthers also need a change-up back for Jonathan Stewart, who actually changes things up, but those come in value packs in the middle rounds of the draft, as do extra tight ends and fullbacks who aren't three years past their primes.
The Panthers might even be able to spend a little money this offseason to fill needs. Gettleman—who is such a judicious, infrastructure-minded spender that he probably thinks the perfect family holiday gift is eight inches of extra attic insulation—must be willing to do so after sacrificing a whole season to a strict budgetary philosophy.
Imagine Cowboys third down back Lance Dunbar sprinting into flats for short Newton passes at budget prices. Imagine Alabama rookie Cam Robinson anchoring right tackle until he's ready to replace a healthy Michael Oher. Imagine a shifty slot receiver or a second tight end who matters. Newton's efficiency rates will perk right back up. So will his confidence.
Given a deeper roster and a less mercurial team personality, Riverboat Ron might return, too. Rivera skipped out of the Super Bowl hangovers at his previous stops. He was long gone from Philadelphia before the Eagles were torn apart by personality politics in 2005. And he left Chicago before Lovie Smith ignored the warning signs and tried to punch the repeat button on a non-repeatable Bears Super Bowl run. Maybe now he sees that the challenge lies not in maintaining success, but daring to accept even more changes and risks.
Last year's Super Bowl run was one long euphoric high. A crash was inevitable. But it doesn't have to be catastrophic. The Panthers possess Newton (an MVP-caliber quarterback), Luke Kuechly, Olsen, Short, Thomas Davis and plenty of other quality players and prospects. They also have a general manager with a gift for mining the middle rounds while minding the cap and a coach who was taking fourth-down risks before everyone started doing it.
Everybody just has to go out and do their jobs without second-guessing themselves and panicking at the first sign of trouble. Doubt and the weight of expectations may be the biggest causes of Super Bowl hangovers. The good news is that hangovers fade and happiness returns, as long as you don't make the same mistakes that caused the hangover in the first place.
Mike Tanier covers the NFL for Bleacher Report. Follow him on Twitter @MikeTanier.
High-spatial resolution zircon geochronology was applied to constrain the timescales of volcanic eruptions of the youngest, mostly explosive volcanic phase of Ciomadul volcano (Carpathian–Pannonian region, Romania). Combined U–Th and (U–Th)/He zircon dating demonstrates that intermittent volcanic eruptions occurred in a time range of 56–32 ka. The reliability of the eruption dates is supported by concordant ages obtained from different dating techniques, such as zircon geochronology, radiocarbon analysis, and infrared stimulated luminescence dating for the same deposits. The new geochronological data suggest that volcanism at Ciomadul is much younger (< ca. 200 ka) than previously thought (up to 600 ka). A dominantly explosive volcanic phase occurred after an apparent lull in volcanism that lasted for several 10's of ka, after a period of lava dome extrusion that defines the onset of the known volcanism at Ciomadul. At least four major eruptive episodes can be distinguished within the 56–32 ka period. Among them, relatively large (sub-plinian to plinian) explosive eruptions produced distal tephra covering extended areas mostly southeast from the volcano. The 38.9 ka tephra overlaps the age of the Campanian Ignimbrite eruption and has an overlapping dispersion axis towards the Black Sea region. The wide range of U–Th model ages of the studied zircons indicates prolonged existence of a low-temperature (< 800 °C) silicic crystal mush beneath Ciomadul. The main zircon crystallization period was between ca. 100 and 200 ka, coeval with the older, mostly extrusive lava dome building stage of volcanism. Even the youngest U–Th model ages obtained for the outermost 4 μm rim of individual zircon crystals predate the eruption by several 10's of ka. The zircon age distributions suggest re-heating above zircon saturation temperatures via injection of hot mafic magmas prior to eruption. Intermittent intrusions of fresh magma could play a significant role in keeping the intrusive silicic magmatic reservoir in a partially melted for prolonged period. The previous history of Ciomadul suggests that melt-bearing crystal mush resided beneath the volcano, and was rapidly remobilized after a protracted (several 10's of ka) lull in volcanism to trigger several eruptions in a comparatively short time window. This classifies Ciomadul as a volcano with ‘Potentially Active Magma Storage' (PAMS) which we propose to be common among the seemingly inactive volcanoes in volcanic arc regions. The potential for reactivation of these systems should be included into volcanic hazard assessments.
At today's WWDC keynote event, Apple announced iWork for iCloud, a new version of iWork that is coming later this year and delivering the ability to use iWork apps in the user's browser. iWork in iCloud brings Apple's iWork software suite to the web, and on stage, the company demonstrated Keynote, Numbers, and Pages operating in a browser window.The apps are also designed to work seamlessly with Microsoft documents. For example, a Microsoft Word document dragged into Pages for iCloud will be converted and easily read.In addition to working on iOS and Mac, iWork for iCloud also works on Windows computers and in other browsers, like Chrome. In fact, it supports Chrome, Safari, and Internet Explorer, bringing iWork to a broad array of devices.iWork for iCloud is available today for developers and will be offered to other users later in the year.
It's pretty darn well known around here that most Texans love their guns. If you're from Texas, it's a fair bet that you can boast at least one relative who basically owns an arsenal that would be enough firepower to defend a small country, if the need arose.
Earlier this year, a University of Texas/Texas Tribune poll was conducted and of the 1,200 people surveyed, nearly half said they were gun owners, which is a lot of people packing heat. On top of that, of those who said they own a gun, 44 percent of them said they owned two to five guns, which all translates, unsurprisingly, to a hell of a lot of guns in the Lone Star State.
There's a flip side to everything, though, and while we have a ton of guns in Texas, it turns out this is the place to be if you want to get your gun lost or stolen. There were more guns lost or stolen in Texas last year than in any other state in the country, according to a study recently released by the U.S. Justice Department's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer, [GAS]
A new study (PDF) in the Journal of Experimental Psychology suggests that – gasp! – talking on a cell phone while driving might actually be dangerous. Sure, the conclusion is kind of a no-brainer, but the heart of the experiment was to figure out if there's any difference between chatting with someone on a hands-free phone and chatting with a passenger in the car with you. After all, it seems like the mechanics are basically the same… Wrong! According to the study (which used 41 drivers), talking on the phone made a significant impact on driving, causing them to drift lanes, miss exits, and just generally drive like the jerks that make you yell “GET OFF THE FREAKING PHONE!” to people in front of you in traffic–even without having a phone in their hands. Meanwhile, talking to a passenger in the car had little or no impact.
This fits perfectly with my theory that talking on a cell phone actually actively sucks away at your brain cells. Okay, maybe not… Actually, if you stop to think about it, the findings do make some intuitive sense. It seems to me like an issue of presence–even if you're talking to someone, if they're there with you in the car, your attention is still there in the car. The researchers from the study suggest that the driver may even be getting conversational cues about the surrounding traffic from the passenger. After all, your mother sitting on her front porch on her phone isn't going to shriek, “OH MY GOD, YOU NEARLY CLIPPED THAT 18-WHEELER,” at you while you're talking to her while driving.
Strangely enough, the study doesn't address people who text message or check their email while driving. I suspect this is because they've all been in horrible traffic accidents already.
[Image Source: Flickr]
The FBI arrested more than 100 suspected Mafia members in a series of early-morning raids Thursday in what Attorney General Eric Holder called a major effort to "once and for all" crack the Northeast's major crime families.
Holder announced Thursday that 127 people in at least three states are charged with organized crime activities ranging from extortion to murder.
"Today's arrests and charges mark an important step forward in disrupting La Cosa Nostra's illegal activities," Holder said at a news conference in New York City. "This largest single-day operation against La Cosa Nostra sends the message that our fight against traditional organized crime is strong, and our commitment is unwavering."
"This will remain a top priority for all of us in law enforcement," he said.
Holder called organized crime a "major threat" to the "economic well being of this country." He said a total of 800 local, state and federal law enforcement agents took part in the arrests in New York City, New Jersey and Rhode Island. One person also was arrested in Italy, he said.
Holder said that the defendants include high-ranking members of the Gambino and Colombo crime families and the reputed former boss of organized crime in New England. All five of New York's five major crime families were targeted, authorities said, and one of the defendants is a former New York City police officer.
The alleged crimes include "numerous violent and illegal acts," and some of the defendants were involved in "truly senseless murders," Holder said. He added that one of the alleged crimes involved a double shooting in a bar after a dispute over a spilled drink. Other charges include alleged corruption among dockworkers who were forced to kick back a portion of their holiday bonuses to the crime families.
Holder was joined at the news conference by law enforcement officials from the FBI, U.S. Attorney's offices in New York, New Jersey and Rhode Island, and New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly.
Thursday's pre-dawn takedown was the result of multiple investigations. Federal probes aided by mob turncoats have decimated the families' ranks in recent years and have resulted in lengthy prison terms for several leaders.
Authorities say the investigation was aided by informants who recorded thousands of conversations by suspected mobsters.
Luigi Manocchio, the reputed former head of New England's Patriarca crime family, was arrested Wednesday in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., the U.S. attorney's office in Providence said. An indictment accused him of collecting protection payments from strip club owners. Also arrested was Thomas Iafrate, who worked as a bookkeeper for strip clubs and set aside money for Manocchio, prosecutors said.
The takedown was the result of multiple investigations. Federal probes aided by mob turncoats have decimated the families' ranks in recent years and have resulted in lengthy prison terms for several leaders.
On Friday, a federal judge in Brooklyn sentenced John "Sonny" Franzese, 93, to eight years in prison for extorting Manhattan strip clubs and a pizzeria on Long Island.
In October, Mafia turncoat Salvatore Vitale was sentenced to time served after federal prosecutors praised his total betrayal of his own crime syndicate -- and after he apologized to the families of his victims. Authorities said he had a hand in at least 11 murders, including that of a fellow gangster in the fallout from the infamous Donnie Brasco case.
The evidence provided after his arrest in 2003 helped decimate the once-fearsome Bonanno organized crime family, Assistant U.S. Attorney Greg Andres said.
Click here to read more on the mob arrests at MyFoxNY.com
The Associated Press contributed to this report
A Republican candidate for the Minnesota House of Representatives repeated a false theory this week that AIDS was caused by sperm enzymes entering the anus of another male.
Bob Frey, who cites his work in helping Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-MN) to defeat a “profiles in learning” education program as a major accomplishment, told the MinnPost that his opposition to the “gay agenda” was about the “financial impact of that agenda.”
“It's more about sodomy than about pigeonholing a lifestyle,” he explained. “When you have egg and sperm that meet in conception, there's an enzyme in the front that burns through the egg. The enzyme burns through so the DNA can enter the egg.”
But Frey said that it was a different story when the “sperm is deposited anally” because “it's the enzyme that causes the immune system to fail.”
“That's why the term is AIDS – acquired immunodeficiency syndrome,” he opined.
It's important to point out that Frey is completely wrong. According to the Mayo Clinic, HIV infections are caused when “infected blood, semen or vaginal secretions” enter the body. And his theories about contraception seem to have no scientific validity either.
But for Frey, that's beside the point.
“It's about sodomy,” he insisted. “It's huge amounts of money. AIDS is a long term illness, causing pain, suffering, death, a long-term illness that's very expensive to treat.”
Last year, Frey's son, Mike, used the exact same theory while testifying against a same-sex marriage before the Minnesota House Civil Law Committee.
And earlier this year, Frey distributed a DVD that claimed an anti-bully bill was part of a plot to infect the general population with AIDS through sodomy.
Watch Mike Frey's testimony and a clip from the DVD below.
[Photo: Facebook]
Ed Miliband is increasingly under threat from UKIP according to two separate studies by the Economist and by Labour itself. The Economist says that UKIP are popular wherever traditionalists live, whilst Labour have calculated just how ‘Ribena' each of their seats are.
UKIP was once accused of being a protest vote in Tory areas, then of only being competitive in seaside towns but are now being credited with appealing to ‘traditionalists', whichever way they voted in the past. This led The Economist to repeat the suggestions that UKIP are popular in places were fish and chips are popular.
Labour have tried to assess how purple each of their safe seats have become. They call this ‘Ribena' in reference to the fruit drink that is deep purple in colour. They have already called in the fifty Labour MPs most at risk from UKIP, to warn them of the challenge they face.
Critically both studies have concluded Labour face a significant challenge in northern England, once seen as an unchallengeable Labour heartland. The Economist concludes that even if UKIP do not win in huge tracts of the North they will still be in a strong position.
It said: “Mr Farage is doing something British political leaders rarely do: thinking beyond the next election. Matthew Goodwin, the co-author of a book on UKIP, says its strategy is to come second in some 50 or 60 northern Labour seats this May and thus be in a position to win them at the next general election.
“That explains why, though its most immediately promising constituencies are southern, UKIP held its annual conference last year in Doncaster and why Mr Farage will spend much of the election campaign touring the north.”
The magazine claims there are now three fronts for UKIP: the South East, South West and Northern England. Whereas Labour is warning that seats like Great Grimsby are ten out of ten in the ‘Ribena' scale, meaning UKIP could win the seat in May.
According to the Daily Mirror a Miliband insider said the party was “wide awake” to the recent UKIP surge and added: “This is the most sophisticated election tool we've developed. We can compile risk assessments on a constituency by constituency basis – even taking it down to street by street.”
They claimed Farage was “more of a Tory than the Tories” but his popularity in seats like Heywood and Middleton would suggest he has much more appeal in working class seats than David Cameron. UKIP top brass have long claimed their big political opportunity is in the North as they had ‘run out of ordinary Tories to defect'.
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- There should be no doubt now that the Oakland Raiders are serious about moving to Las Vegas.
Even if you questioned Raiders owner Mark Davis' statements from last month or from a couple of days ago.
A video put out by the Support Las Vegas Dome group entitled, “The Time Is Now” was played at the May meeting of the Southern Nevada Tourism Infrastructure Committee on Thursday. And while the main focus was on just getting the state-of-the-art, $1.4 billion stadium built in Southern Nevada, the Raiders played a starring role.
Davis and team president Marc Badain each appear in the slickly produced video, as does the late Al Davis in an archived interview.
“When my father passed away and I took over, I feel like I'm the person that's carrying the torch forward and it's my responsibility to perpetuate his legacy,” the younger Davis said.
“For the past six years we've been trying to get a stadium done in Oakland and the opportunity of Las Vegas came to our attention.
“Our goal is to build a local fan base and building the pride in the community with the Raiders and the organization. … When our season's over, we stay, 24/7, 365 days a year. The players working with the schools, working with the other organizations, charities, are things that I don't think anybody else can bring, that the Raiders and the National Football League can bring to this city.”
Said Badain: “We want people to understand how sincere we are in becoming a part of the fabric of the Las Vegas community and how important it is to this organization and how important it would be to the players, the coaches, the staff, their families and our alumni to be part of this community for decades.”
Among others appearing in the video and speaking in favor of the stadium and/or the Raiders relocating to Southern Nevada:
The Lucknow district administration on Saturday ordered a magisterial probe into the death of suspected- terrorist Saifullah, who was killed on the outskirts of Uttar Pradesh capital on March 8 after 12 hours long of anti-terror operation.
“A magisterial inquiry into the death of slain terrorist Saifullah has been ordered by the Lucknow district administration on the request of UP Anti-Terror Squad,” Additional District Magistrate (Lucknow West) Jai Shankar Dubey said.
He said that Sub-Divisional Magistrate Lucknow (Sadar) would be conducting the magisterial probe.
“The probe will be comepleted in one month, after which a report would be submitted to the Uttar Pradesh government,” Dubey said.
Saifullah, suspected to have been influenced by the ISIS, was killed after a 12-hour police operation in the wake of the Ujjain-Bhopal train blast.
His body was found with weapons lying next to him when the doors of the house, where he was holed up, were opened at the end of the operation.
The encounter came following the arrests of several “self-radicalised” persons, by the UP and MP police, suspected to be linked to the train blast in Shajapur in MP in which 10 persons were injured.
On March 15, the National Investigation Agency took over the probe into the activities of an alleged ‘self-radicalised' ISIS inspired module.
First Published: Apr 01, 2017 22:40 IST
Alyssa Milano has found herself in a sticky financial situation, and she says her former business manager is to blame. On Friday, the 44-year-old actress filed a $10 million lawsuit against Kenneth Hellie and his firm, Hellie, Hoffer & Co., for severe misconduct. Specifically, she claimed that Hellie forged her signature on checks, failed to pay overdue bills and taxes, and coerced her into making bad investments in a business in which he was also an investor — without disclosing the conflict of interest. (Just FYI, that's a big no-no.)
The Charmed alum stated that Hellie's reckless (and grossly illegal) actions left both her and her husband, talent agent David Bugliari, “millions of dollars in debt and their credit in ruins.”
According to Milano, things started to go awry when Hellie dropped the ball on overseeing a home remodeling project for the couple. Because of his bad management, she alleged, she ended up sinking $5 million into a house that is now worth no more than $3 million. (That's not the way the math on home improvements is supposed to work.) Additionally, she said the accountants didn't bother to notify her of Ventura County building code violations, instead letting them linger for over five years and leading to a lien and $376,950 in fines. Yikes.
View photos David Bugliari and Alyssa Milano on Oct. 6, 2016, in Beverly Hills. (Photo: Tara Ziemba/Getty Images) More
Then in February 2016, she was notified of a default due to an unpaid mortgage payment and learned that eight payments were late in a 13-month time frame. Those, combined with the lien, damaged her credit badly enough that she couldn't refinance her home to pay off her debts. To top it all off, Milano said that Hellie didn't bother to pay her income taxes for 2013 or 2014, resulting in more penalties and interest. Oh, and according to her, he also didn't pay her employees' income taxes — and he frequently paid her employees late.
But that was just the beginning of the issues. In a scene that could be ripped from a crime thriller, Milano said that Hellie Scotch-taped her signature onto a wire authorization and, without her knowledge, invested a whopping $351,000 of Milano's cash in a parking lot venture in which he was an investor. Just for the record, that parking lot has yet to yield a penny of revenue.
Milano alleged that to keep things afloat, Hellie then orchestrated a complex “shell game” in which he initiated loans between clients — all at high interest rates — to keep them (temporarily) solvent. Somewhere in there, around 2014, Milano turned down the option to stay on for another season on ABC's show Mistresses, essentially walking away from a paycheck that would have been, at minimum, $1.3 million. She now says she never would have passed on the job if she'd known what dire straights her bank account was in.
In June 2015, Milano officially fired Hellie, who then (according to her) demanded $26,000 for “professional services.” When she refused, he cut himself a check — forging her signature again — which she and her husband discovered when they overdrew their account.
For his part, Hellie is asserting that it was Milano's lavish lifestyle that led to the issues, not his mismanagement (or illegal activities). “I'd like to say something. Obviously a lot of it's like the Johnny Depp situation. I can't say anything just yet,” he recently stated.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel delivers remarks at the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum in New York City May 22, 2014, after receiving the 2014 Intrepid Freedom Award.
SINGAPORE – The heated words exchanged by a United States-allied bloc and China at the Shangri La Dialogue this weekend signal an emerging diplomatic shift on simmering tensions in the Asia-Pacific region, security analysts said Sunday.
During the multinational summit's final day, Chinese Lt. Gen. Wang Guanzhong, deputy chief of the Chinese Army's general staff, told the audience he was going off the script of what had been a rather placid speech, to respond to criticisms leveled earlier by U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Both Abe and Hagel accused China of using "force and coercion" to intimidate neighboring nations into acquiescing to Chinese claims on nearly 90 percent of the South China Sea, including several disputed island groups and vast undersea energy resources.
"I personally think that this speech by Mr. Hagel is full of hegemony, full of words of threat and intimidation," Wang told senior defense officials and analysts gathered Sunday. "It was a speech to abate destabilizing factors, to create troubles and make provocations … it is the United States and Japan who are assertive in concerted efforts, not China."
Wang accused Hagel and Abe of coordinating their remarks and said he was surprised by their tenor. Abe, Hagel and Australian Defense Minister David Johnston used many of them same phrases in their criticism.
Such coordination would appear to be in line with the security policies President Barack Obama outlined during a speech at West Point on May 28, where he stated the U.S. would not act alone if not directly threatened, but would act multilaterally in defense of allies and principles.
"We must mobilize allies and partners to take collective action," Obama said. "We have to broaden our tools to include diplomacy and development, sanctions and isolation, appeals to international law, and, if just, necessary and effective, multilateral military action."
The United States' closest allies weren't the only ones to ratchet up the rhetoric against Chinese policies at the Shangri-La Dialogue.
Vietnam's defense minister chastised China on Saturday for moving an oil rig into territorially disputed waters in May, a move which has resulted in an ongoing sea stand-off and a sunken Vietnamese fishing boat.
The words exchanged at the summit reflect the more confrontational regional environment now emerging, said Rory Medcalf, director of the international security program at the Lowy Institute, an Australia-based think tank.
"China is not going to be able to control the escalation of all incidents it provokes at sea, and it's not going to control every diplomatic encounter in a public forum," Medcalf said.
Hopefully China will adjust both as its clout grows, but it may take a mistake for that to happen, Medcalf added.
Wang's arguments Sunday sounded much like the mirror opposite of the criticisms lobbed his country's way. China has never provoked anyone, Wang said, and has instead acted minimally in the face of other nations' provocations.
Following his speech, several delegates asked Wang about the controversial "9-dash line map," which China has never fully explained, but which appears to give the country control over international waters and parts of other countries' declared exclusive economic zones.
Wang said the map reflects 2,000 years of Chinese history, and that it therefore predates the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
Christian Le Mière, senior fellow for naval forces and maritime security at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, said Wang's justification was wrong.
"You can't claim vast swaths of the sea, just because you believe you have historic rights to it and because you've sailed there for a long time," Le Miere said. "That would be absolute chaos and anarchy in the international system. It would be a terrible idea."
Another delegate compared it to Italy claiming the Mediterranean Sea based on the holdings of the Roman Empire.
Outside of the diplomatic sphere, Wang did praise several military-to-military relationships, including his own military's ties to the U.S. military.
"Major progress" has been made in terms of communication mechanisms between the two militaries, Wang said. His remark could be a reference to a recent agreement signed in China that provides common rules for U.S. and Chinese ships to abide by during unplanned encounters at sea.
However, multiple officials at the summit said that smaller incidents between China and its neighbors may be more likely than U.S.-China naval clashes to develop into flashpoints.
In the meantime, rhetoric like that seen in Singapore this past weekend is likely to increase, as smaller countries determine just how far they want to align with U.S. and Japanese interests, said Robert Ayson, professor of strategic studies at Victoria University in New Zealand.
"Despite all the talk of peace, despite all the talk of mutual interest and avoiding conflict, there's a lot of that sort of pre-war bargaining going on, and hopefully, it will stay pre-war," Ayson said.
Slavin.erik@stripes.com
Twitter:@eslavin_stripes
Trump's Budget Is American Caesarism
President Donald Trump's new budget has been faulted for craven cuts to a raft of health care and civil society programs that taken together literally help provide for the general welfare of the citizenry. But it also seeks to raise the Defense Department's budget by 10 percent, and that of the Department of Homeland Security by almost 7 percent, while cutting the State Department by 29 percent and eliminating funding for such estimable institutions as the U.S. Institute for Peace (USIP) and the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. These proposals in and of themselves signify cultural and political decline by any historical measure.
The rise of the military, if coupled with the undermining of civilian aspects of national power, demonstrates a spiritual exhaustion and a descent into Caesarism. Named after Julius Caesar — who replaced the Roman Republic with a dictatorship — Caesarism is roughly characterized by a charismatic strongman, popular with the masses, whose rule culminates in an exaggerated role for the military. America is moving in this direction.
It isn't that some civilian agencies don't deserve to pare down or even elimination, nor is it that the military and other security forces don't deserve a boost to their financial resources. Rather, it is in the very logic, ideology, and lack of proportionality of Trump's budget that American decline, decadence, and Caesarism are so apparent.
The United States, while not a formal empire, has been in an imperial-like situation since the end of World War II, when America began to construct a liberal world order in Europe and Asia. That world order has been characterized — like Rome, Venice, Britain, and France at their zeniths — by a dynamic combination of military, intellectual, economic, and cultural power. Each element is as important as the others.
Cold War America boasted the United States Information Agency and the U.S. Agency of International Development to project its liberal and economic values, just as Rome spread Latin, built roads, and granted citizenship to the elites of distant lands to promote its values. Venice had its explorers and merchants augment its navy; Britain sponsored a whole class of linguists and area experts to extend its colonial ambitions; and France emphasized the teaching of the French language among peoples in the developing world. Rome began to decline when the empire gradually became top-heavy with a military armature at the expense of a civilizing mission. The balance between diplomatic and military elements allowed these empires to survive as long as they did, until exhaustion, often brought about by war and their own misrule, set in.
In the modern era of the U.S. quasi-imperial experiment, the State Department, USIP, and the Wilson Center have been vital foundations of national power designed to project our values for generations. This is now ending. For example, Trump wants to increase the size of the Navy to more than 350 ships from its current total of about 275 ships. But a principal role of the Navy, by virtue of its deployment patterns, is to enhance the influence of American diplomacy. That's why a weaker State Department works to undermine the effect of a stronger Navy. As for USIP, it took on its bureaucratic personality during the Ronald Reagan administration, when it was forged into an engine of area expertise and conflict resolution built on sturdily realist internationalist principles. The Wilson Center does for America something vaguely similar to what the granting of citizenship to foreign elites did for Rome — it brings some of the finest minds from all over the country and parts of the world together to study American foreign policy, thus familiarizing themselves with Washington and thereby improving relationships among countries. It is a subtle and indirect process. But put that all together with our diplomatic and military reach, and you start to have the basis of a benign form of American influence worldwide.
No one of these pillars can stand on its own, obviously. The military, absent these other elements, acquires a different, bleaker personality. A domineering American military, shorn of an equally effective diplomatic service and lacking cultural outreach, is itself undermined as a moral force. And without that, alliances — built on a shared liberal vision — become harder to maintain. The difference between alliance building and outright hegemony can be a fine one. All this affects the morale of the armed services for the worse. By drastically cutting or eliminating some of the main civilian elements of American power, Trump is redefining the military in a way that should make the Pentagon brass uncomfortable.
Decadence is cultural and moral decline joined with materialistic indulgence. A president who doesn't really read, who engages regularly in flagrant untruths, who rules through his family — which, in turn, engages in conflicts of interest that no one in the bureaucracy would be allowed to get away with — and who favors the glitz and gold trappings of Manhattan and Palm Beach to the exclusion of the spare and subdued environment of Camp David is a decadent leader. When such a leader raises the military to cult status, rather than preserving it as a prime tool of American power — in conjunction with other vital components — he simulates the values of an autocrat, not those of a democrat.
The Republicans have gone from being the party of Reagan to the party of Trump. The former was a conservative internationalist; the latter is a populist nationalist. The former represented national revival, the latter national decline. For rise and decline hinge on universal moral factors even more than they do on political and economic ones. And the president's budget proposal could be a pivot point in this tragic process.
Photo credit: MARK WILSON/Getty Images
For the first time, D.C. voters will elect the city's attorney general this November. Five candidates are vying to be the city's top lawyer—-but first, LL has some questions for them.
Candidates Lorie Masters, Karl Racine, Edward “Smitty” Smith, Lateefah Williams, and Paul Zukerberg will be on hand Monday, Sept. 29, at the Rock & Roll Hotel to debate the issues they'd face as attorney general. Loose Lips columnist Will Sommer will be joined by panelists Jonetta Rose Barras of the Washington Post (and a former LL!) and Zoe Tillman of the National Law Journal and Legal Times.
The Rock & Roll Hotel is at 1353 H Street NE. Doors open at 7, and the debate begins at 8. Entry is free. Tip your bartender! And RSVP on Facebook here.
And stay tuned! More debates are coming up in October.
Photo by Darrow Montgomery
Posted Tuesday, December 8, 2015 10:23 am
BOSTON — Massachusetts is one of two states that requires retail workers to be paid time-and-a-half on Sundays, a practice that could end under a bill that's advancing in the House.
Filed by Rep. Mathew Muratore, the bill (H. 1752) would remove the time-and-a-half pay for workers at retail stores, the only industry subject to such a requirement. Employees would still be paid at the higher rate for holidays and would retain the right to refuse Sunday shifts.
"It's not about taking money out of people's pockets," said Muratore, a Plymouth Republican elected last year. "It's not looking at taking away. It's looking at changing a law from 32 years ago."
Similar legislation has been proposed in the past. In 2010 and 2012, versions of the bill were returned to committees for study and never progressed further.
The measure is backed by the Retailers Association of Massachusetts, which says that repealing the time-and-a-half requirement would position Massachusetts store owners to better compete with online retailers and shops in nearby states.
"As we've increased the minimum wage, and now as we look to go to $11 ultimately on Jan. 1, 2017, you're talking about $16.50 an hour as a minimum on Sundays," Bill Rennie, the association's vice president, said. "You have stores at that point really taking a hard look at what they're doing on Sunday and can they continue to open, can they afford to continue to employ the same number of people. It's really going to be difficult to deal with that."
Muratore said his interest grew in the issue of Sunday wages after he learned that Massachusetts and Rhode Island were the only states to require the higher rate. He described the existing law, one of the state's so-called "blue laws" restricting business on Sundays and holidays, as outdated and said it was originally intended to entice people to work unpopular shifts.
"Nowadays, when people go into retail, they know they're going to be working weekends," Muratore said. "When you're hired, you know that."
Rennie said that he did not believe the change would discourage workers from taking Sunday shifts, and individual retailers would be able to make their own pay adjustments if they found it necessary.
"You have a lot of employees out there who are looking for additional hours, so if the change in law was made and retailers were struggling to get employees on Sundays, then they'd probably have to do some type of incentive on their own," he said.
Alcohol sales
Muratore's bill would also change the time that retail stores can sell alcohol on Sundays, pushing back the current 10 a.m. start time to noon. Muratore said the proposed change targets large establishments, like chain grocery stores.
Sunday alcohol sales became legal statewide in 2003, and a new law last year allowed liquor stores to open beginning at 10 a.m. on Sundays. Supporters of morning openings said at the time that the earlier hours would provide an economic boost and help businesses compete with their counterparts in New Hampshire and Rhode Island.
The bill emerged Nov. 16 with a favorable report from the Committee on Labor and Workforce Development and the House on Dec. 3 gave the bill initial approval. A favorable vote in the House to "engross" the bill would send it to the Senate for its consideration.
The indie band Hyukoh will be holding their first solo concert on September 18 at the Hyundai Card Understage.
With emotion-arousing acoustic sounds and everyday-like lyrics, Hyukoh has been receiving a lot of attention in the Korean music industry. In celebration of their first anniversary of their first album “20,” which was released in September 2014, Hyukoh has decided to hold their first solo concert.
The band was recently a part of the MBC “Infinity Challenge Music Festival” and was able to appeal to the mainstream population. This upcoming concert will be a time in which Hyukoh will be able to perform live while personally interacting with their fans.
This past July, when Hyukoh had a guerilla concert at the same location, more than 500 people showed up to enjoy the band's live entertainment. Because this concert is Hyukoh's first solo concert, there is a lot of anticipation from fans as well.
Some of their most famous hit songs include “Wi Ing, Wi Ing,” “Comes and Goes,” “Hooka,” and “Gondry.” Fans are excited to see how the band will perform the live version of their favorite songs.
Source (1)
It's pretty clear that seeing your Android notifications on PC is awesome. We aren't stopping there, however, because we've found a way to make it even better—you can now use the Android notification quick-actions right from your computer too!
Why is this so awesome? That's easy: When you get an email, you can now archive it right from the notification on your computer. No need to grab your phone, no need to actually go to Gmail, just archive the email right there. It's super-power level convenient.
See it in action here:
Demo video
This works with more than just Gmail, too. Almost any Android app that has buttons on their notifications is supported!
Quick-Action is already supported by all of our browser extensions and beta Windows desktop app. All you need is our latest Android app update and you're good to go.
Haven't tried Pushbullet yet? Get started here.
Where do the Quick-Actions come from and how do I use them?
The Quick-Actions that Pushbullet enables you to use come directly from the Android notifications on your phone. You can see them below the notification, like those in the screenshot to the right.
Gmail showed this notification, and they support Archiving and Replying from the notification. This means Pushbullet enables you to use those same actions right from your computer.
Here's what that same notification looks like on your computer if you're using our Chrome extension:
Chrome notifications can only have 2 buttons, so clicking the overflow button labeled “Archive, Reply, Mute” expands the notification into the window on the right.
Using our beta Windows app? Here's what that notification looks like on your computer:
With any of our browser extensions, you can always get access to your recently undismissed notifications from the notifications tab:
This is where Firefox and Opera users should head to use the new Quick-Actions feature.
Now that's a pretty great update isn't it? I think so. What do you think?
Let us know by commenting below or joining us on the Pushbullet subreddit!
Discuss this post here on reddit
Singapore yesterday became the first country in the world to have on-demand driverless taxis - a new technology that is touted to disrupt the transport industry.
The service was part of an ongoing trial by nuTonomy, which was founded by two Massachusetts Institutes of Technology researchers now based in Singapore.
With that, the start-up won bragging rights as offering the first public road tests of driverless taxis, beating out giants such as Uber which will trial a fleet of driverless cars in Pittsburgh in the United States by the end of this month.
nuTonomy chief operations officer Doug Parker told The Straits Times that it chose to try out the service in Singapore because of the high consumer demand for taxis here, well-maintained roads and clear government regulations for its tests. "Singapore is the best place in the world for self-driving cars," said Mr Parker.
For now, the service is limited to an invited group of about 10 people.
They can use a smartphone app to summon nuTonomy's self-driving vehicle for free rides to one of 12 locations in one-north. These include the Mediacorp Campus and the Genome building, which lie along the 6km stretch of road where nuTonomy has been testing its vehicles since April. Due to safety concerns, the service will not be available during peak hours.
nuTonomy hopes to eventually open the trial to a "few dozen" more people in Singapore before making the service commercially available here in 2018.
It now has just one driverless car - a Mitsubishi i-MiEV - that has been approved by regulators. Another - a Renault Zoe - is pending approval, and four other Zoes are being prepared to be driven autonomously. The fleet will eventually expand to 75 by 2018.
Earlier this month, the Land Transport Authority signed an agreement to collaborate with nuTonomy and UK-based Delphi Automotive Systems to trial such services here.
The trial will allow the evaluation of software system performance, vehicle routing efficiency, the vehicle booking process and overall passenger experience.
nuTonomy chief executive officer and co-founder Karl Iagnemma, said: "The trial represents an extraordinary opportunity to collect feedback from riders in a real-world setting."
Entrepreneur Edward Tiong was among a group of five who tried the service on Monday. He was initially apprehensive about the car's safety, but said his worries soon went away.
"I've been following the technology for a while, so I was quite excited to try it out," said the 26-year-old.
Ms Olivia Seow, who also tried it, said she would "definitely" consider taking driverless taxis once they are widely available. The 25-year-old, who works with start-ups, said: "It would be good if they could also include a carpooling option."
Chapter One
Every election season America is presented with a series of false choices. Should we launch preemptive wars against this country or that one? Should every American neighborhood live under this social policy or that one? Should a third of our income be taken away by an income tax or a national sales tax? The shared assumptions behind these questions, on the other hand, are never cast in doubt, or even raised. And anyone who wants to ask different questions or who suggests that the questions as framed exclude attractive, humane alternatives, is ipso facto excluded from mainstream discussion.
And so every four years we are treated to the same tired, predictable routine: two candidates with few disagreements on fundamentals pretend that they represent dramatically different philosophies of government.
The supposedly conservative candidate tells us about “waste” in government, and ticks off $10 million in frivolous pork-barrel projects that outrage him-the inevitable bridge-to-nowhere project, or a study of the effects of celery consumption on arresting memory loss-in order to elicit laughter and applause from partisan audiences. All right, so that's 0.00045 percent of the federal budget dealt with; what does he propose to do with the other 99.99955 percent, in order to return our country to living within its means? Not a word. Those same three or four silly programs will be brought up all campaign long, and that's all we'll hear about where the candidate stands on spending. But conservatives are told that they must support these candidates, and so they do, hoping for the best. And nothing changes.
Even war doesn't really distinguish the two parties from each other. Hillary Clinton and John Kerry voted for the Iraq war. With the exceptions of Dennis Kucinich and Mike Gravel, even the Democrats who postured as antiwar candidates for the 2008 primary elections are not especially opposed to needless wars. They typically have a laundry list of other military interventions they would support, none of which make any sense, would make our country any safer, or would do a thing to return our country to fiscal sanity. But liberals are told that they must support these candidates, and so they do, hoping for the best. And nothing changes.
A substantial portion of the conservative movement has become a parody of its former self. Once home to distinguished intellectuals and men of letters, it now tolerates and even encourages anti-intellectualism and jingoism that would have embarrassed earlier generations of conservative thinkers. There are still some good and decent conservative leaders to be found, and a portion of the grass roots has remained uncorrupted by the transformation of conservatism into just another Big Government movement. But Big Government at home and abroad seems to suit many conservative spokesmen just fine. Once in a while they will latch on to phony but conservative-sounding causes like “tax reform”-almost always a shell game in which taxes are shuffled around rather than actually reduced overall-in order to pacify the conservative base, but that's about it.
When Republicans won a massive off-year election victory in 1994, neoconservative Bill Kristol immediately urged them not to do anything drastic but to wait until the Republicans took the White House in 1996. Well, the Republicans didn't take the White House in 1996, so nothing ever got done. Instead, the Republican leadership urged these freshman congressmen to focus on a toothless, soporific agenda called the Contract with America that was boldly touted as a major overhaul of the federal government. Nothing could have been further from the truth. The Contract with America was typical of what I have just described: no fundamental questions are ever raised, and even supposedly radical and revolutionary measures turn out to be modest and safe. In fact, the Brookings Institution in effect said that if this is what conservatives consider revolutionary, then they have basically conceded defeat.
Needless to say, I am also unimpressed by the liberal Left. Although they posture as critical thinkers, their confidence in government is inexcusably naive, based as it is on civics-textbook platitudes that bear absolutely zero resemblance to reality. Not even their position on unnecessary wars is consistent-Hillary Clinton and John Kerry both supported the Iraq war, for instance, and the major Democratic candidates in 2008 who claim to be antiwar are generally eager to invade some other country apart from Iraq. Even Howard Dean was all in favor of Bill Clinton's intervention in Bosnia, going so far as to urge the president to take unilateral military action beyond the multilateral activity already taking place. Liberals at the grass roots, on the other hand, have been deeply alienated by the various betrayals by which a movement they once supported has made its peace with the establishment.
No wonder frustrated Americans have begun referring to our two parties as the Republicrats. And no wonder the news networks would rather focus on $400 haircuts than matters of substance. There are no matters of substance.
In late 2006, a number of friends and colleagues urged me to consider running for president. I was a reluctant candidate, not at all convinced that a sizable enough national constituency existed for a campaign based on liberty and the Constitution rather than on special-interest pandering and the distribution of loot.
Was I ever wrong.
On November 5, 2007, we set a record when we raised over $4 million online in a single day. That December 16, on the anniversary of the Boston Tea Party, we broke that record by raising over $6 million. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we raised more money than any other Republican candidate. Not only is the freedom message popular, but if fund-raising ability is any indication, it is more intensely popular than any other political message.
By the end of 2007, more than twice as many Meetup groups had been formed in support of our campaign than for all the rest of the candidates in both major parties combined. I have never seen such a diverse coalition rallying to a single banner. Republicans, Democrats, Independents, Greens, constitutionalists, whites, blacks, Hispanics, Asian-Americans, antiwar activists, home-schoolers, religious conservatives, freethinkers-all were not only involved, but enthusiastically so. And despite their philosophical differences in some areas, these folks typically found, to their surprise, that they rather liked each other.
The mainstream media had no idea what to make of it, since we were breaking all the rules and yet still attracting such a varied and passionate following. I began making this a central point of my public speeches: the reason all these different groups are rallying to the same banner, I said, is that freedom has a unique power to unite us.
In case that sounds like a clich, it isn't. It's common sense. When we agree not to treat each other merely as means to our own selfish ends, but to respect one another as individuals with rights and goals of our own, cooperation and goodwill suddenly become possible for the first time.
My message is one of freedom and individual rights. I believe individuals have a right to life and liberty and that physical aggression should be used only defensively. We should respect each other as rational beings by trying to achieve our goals through reason and persuasion rather than threats and coercion. That, and not a desire for “economic efficiency,” is the primary moral reason for opposing government intrusions into our lives: government is force, not reason.
People seem to think I am speaking of principles foreign to the Republican tradition. But listen to the words of Robert A. Taft, who in the old days of the Republican Party was once its standard-bearer:
When I say liberty I do not simply mean what is referred to as “free enterprise.” I mean liberty of the individual to think his own thoughts and live his own life as he desires to think and to live; the liberty of the family to decide how they wish to live, what they want to eat for breakfast and for dinner, and how they wish to spend their time; liberty of a man to develop his ideas and get other people to teach those ideas, if he can convince them that they have some value to the world; liberty of every local community to decide how its children shall be educated, how its local services shall be run, and who its local leaders shall be; liberty of a man to choose his own occupation; and liberty of a man to run his own business as he thinks it ought to be run, as long as he does not interfere with the right of other people to do the same thing.
As we'll see in a later chapter, Taft was also an opponent of needless wars and of unconstitutional presidential war-making.
This is the Republican tradition to which I belong.
Early on in my presidential campaign, people began describing my message and agenda as a “revolution.” In a way, it is, albeit a peaceful one. In a country with a political debate as restricted as ours, it is revolutionary to ask whether we need troops in 130 countries and whether the noninterventionist foreign policy recommended by our Founding Fathers might not be better. It is revolutionary to ask whether the accumulation of more and more power in Washington has been good for us. It is revolutionary to ask fundamental questions about privacy, police-state measures, taxation, social policy, and countless other matters.
This revolution, though, is not altogether new. It is a peaceful continuation of the American Revolution and the principles of our Founding Fathers: liberty, self-government, the Constitution, and a noninterventionist foreign policy. That is what they taught us, and that is what we now defend.
I was never interested in writing a campaign book as they tend to have (deservedly) short shelf lives. But the ideas I have been promoting, and which have struck such a powerful chord with so many Americans, are ideas that are overlooked and neglected because they do not fit into the template of trivial questions with which I opened this chapter. This book is an opportunity to highlight and explain them in the kind of systematic fashion that campaign speeches and presidential debates simply do not allow.
The revolution my supporters refer to will persist long after my retirement from politics. Here is my effort to given them a long-term manifesto based on ideas, and perhaps some short-term marching orders.
At the same time, I am also describing what the agenda of George W. Bush's successor should be if we want to move toward a free society once again. Our country is facing an unprecedented financial crisis precisely because the questions our political and media establishments allow us to ask are so narrow. Whether or not politicians actually want to hear them, it has never been more important for us to begin posing significant and fundamental questions. “In all affairs,” Bertrand Russell once said, “it's a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted.” I'm not in the habit of quoting Russell, but when in American history has his sentiment been more true?
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Communicating for Change is an easy read. Mine was delivered about 9:30 or so on a Thursday morning, I was done by 6:00pm that afternoon (and I had some interruptions in the middle). However don't let the size fool you, the principles are thought provoking and powerful when applied.
I'll admit, I reworked my sermon for that following Sunday using the methodology he lays out in the book, and I was impressed. I was impressed at how people reacted to the sermon (which I shouldn't have been when you consider how much time this method applies to connecting to the audience. I was also very impressed with how easy it was to follow the flow of the "road map" he suggests.
I will say this, for me many of the principles were things I was already trying to do (at least from time to time when I would think about it). What this book did for me was give me a good framework to hang my hat on. If your current speaking style is not "conversational" you might feel like a fish out of water right at first, but I suggest you give it a try. You might surprise yourself and your audience.
Some have suggested that to follow the principles lined out in this book is simply to try to imitate Andy Stanley's style. I think they are wrong. Methodology and style are two different things. If anything following (or adapting) this methodology allows for your own personality to come out even more, helping to make you more relatable to your audience and more genuine in your messages.
Also don't think that preaching a "one point sermon" somehow means there is less content and more fluff. In fact the opposite is true. Preaching a one point sermon actually requires more study time and the willingness to cut the fluff and filler.
Anyway, a very good book from which I think any communicator could take away some beneficial principles.
Knife sharpener Eric E. Weiss gets to the point
Eric Weiss makes his living as a knife sharpener. Born in England, raised in Germany, he says his love affair with all things sharp began in boyhood. He started 30 years ago, and sets up shop at various Bay Area farmer's markets, restaurants, catering companies and private homes. Wednesday Dec 8, 2010 less Eric Weiss makes his living as a knife sharpener. Born in England, raised in Germany, he says his love affair with all things sharp began in boyhood. He started 30 years ago, and sets up shop at various Bay ... more Photo: Lance Iversen, The Chronicle Photo: Lance Iversen, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Knife sharpener Eric E. Weiss gets to the point 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Dishwashers are death to a kitchen knife. Dull knives are far more dangerous than sharp ones. And most electricsharpeners make terrific doorstops.
So says Eric E. Weiss, knife sharpener and self-taught expert on knife history, safety, etiquette and lore.
Weiss sharpens knives for restaurants and caterers, and operates a booth at three weekly farmers' markets: North Berkeley on Thursdays, Berkeley Civic Center on Saturdays and El Cerrito Plaza the second and fourth Tuesday of each month. Weiss, 55, also teaches a quarterly class in knife sharpening at Paulding & Company in Emeryville. He lives in El Cerrito with his wife, Janet Jacobson.
I was born in England and grew up in northern Germany, mostly on military bases, from age 7. In that world, if a boy didn't have a knife by the age of 7, we thought something was really wrong with you.
I started sharpening knives when I was 5. By the age of 10, I was making money from it. My friends in the Scouts paid me 5 cents to sharpen their knives! But I never thought I would have a knife, scissors and gardening-tool sharpening business when I grew up.
I'm one of the few people who still do this by hand. I sharpen knives in two ways, one freehand and one with a jig that I've modified to suit my needs. A jig holds the knife like a clamp and it's attached to my table. It's like having a third hand, especially helpful with big knives.
I use four natural oil stones for sharpening: soft Arkansas, medium Arkansas, red Indian stone and ceramic. I also use six grades of industrial diamondstones, extra coarse to fine as a sharpening material. The diamond stones are 1 inch wide and embedded in plastic or a metal base. I work with these tools by hand, moving in an overlapping "Z" pattern. Pure elbow grease.
I do 35 to 45 knives a day, and 80 percent of them are kitchen knives. I charge by the condition of the knife, not by its size. Knives, scissors and garden tools generally run $8 to $10. I've sharpened machetes, swords, Samurai knives. Everything up to industrial tools and power saws.
Most people don't sharpen their knives at home, which is like never putting oil in your car's engine. Some work all the time and the last thing they want to do is sharpen a knife. And surprisingly, at least to me, a lot of people who are really good in the kitchen don't know how to sharpen their knife.
You should definitely be using a sharpening steel - the tool that comes with any knife set - every time you're done with your knife. Hold it straight up and down on your table. Start from the heel or the guard, depending on your knife, and draw it straight down at a 25-degree angle. Two or three times either side is all you need. More than that, you start removing your edge.
Dishwashers are my No. 1 nemesis. People seem to think that any knife can be put in a dishwasher. But in fact it's like sandblasting your car in order to clean it. The knife is banging against the basket, getting chips, nicks, dents, dings. And if the knife has any sort of quality steel to it, the dishwasher can remove the edge in two, three washings.
Some people think dull knives are better than sharp knives because they're safer. Wrong! You're pushing and exerting much more pressure on a dull knife. So when you finally break loose, in most cases, your fingers are in the way.
A sharp knife will give you a clean cut. Skin cut from a dull knife is essentially torn skin and takes longer to heal.
People ask me, "How complicated can it be, sharpening a knife?" As complicated as it is to build a good car! That's an exaggeration, but meaningful. Metallurgy has come so far just in the last 20 years that, compared to what used to be three, maybe four types of basic metals used, now there are 50-plus metals used for knives.
When I'm not sharpening, I'm reading about it. I have a substantial library about the history of knives and their manufacturers, and I subscribe to six periodicals. Some are point specific, like Tactical Knives, which is devoted to military, survival and hunting knives. Others are only about antique cutlery. Blade Magazine, the largest publication in the world for knives, covers the entire gamut.
Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson's three-interception performance -- in a second straight upset loss -- made a bettor holding a potential $10,000 ticket on the Heisman Trophy favorite nervous enough to put what seems like a genuine lock up for sale.
On Sunday, a $100 ticket on Jackson to win the Heisman Trophy was posted on Nevada sports betting market site PropSwap, a service that allows customers to buy and sell live tickets. The $100 bet on Jackson was placed at the Westgate SuperBook when he was a 100-1 long shot before the season.
The current asking price is $9,000.
PropSwap
Per Nevada Gaming Control regulations, the state's sportsbooks halted betting on the winner of the Heisman Trophy on Nov. 20. Jackson closed as a massive 1-50 favorite at the SuperBook, but that was before the Cardinals lost straight-up to Kentucky as 28-point favorites. Point spread-wise, it's the second-biggest upset of the season to this point, behind only South Alabama's win over Mississippi State as a 28.5-point underdog.
The current owner of the $10,000 Jackson ticket bought it from the original bettor for $4,000 in the middle of the season. He became concerned about not only Jackson's performance against Kentucky, but also didn't like that his perceived closest competition -- Washington quarterback Jake Browning and Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson -- will each be playing in championship games this week, while Jackson won't be.
Watson closed at 20-1, with Browning at 30-1.
The winner of the Heisman Trophy will be announced Dec. 10.
Joe Allen has today completed a permanent transfer from Liverpool FC to Stoke City.
The midfielder, who joined the club from Swansea City in the summer of 2012, moves to the Premier League club after four years with the Reds.
The Wales international made his debut in an opening-day defeat at West Bromwich Albion and clocked up 37 appearances that season.
He went on to play 24 league games in 2013-14 as the team finished second to Manchester City and secured a return to Champions League football.
Last term, Allen converted the winning penalty against his new side as Liverpool reached the League Cup final, and was brought on as a substitute in the Europa League final in May – which proved his final match for the club.
In total he played 132 games and scored seven goals during his time at Anfield.
Everyone at Liverpool FC wishes Joe the best of luck in his future career.
