Tomorrow, the Supreme Court will hear oral argument in District of Columber v. Heller, the case challenging the District of Columbia's decades-old and near-complete ban on gun ownership by city residents. At stake is interpretation of an Amendment that has received almost no judicial scrutiny in 209 years since it was enacted.
One blogger, former Washington area talk-show host Chris Core, makes this point about what we might expect:
I, for one, have wanted a Supreme Court case on this for years. Let's have the court finally tell us which side has the correct take on what the Founders meant. Both gun control and gun owner advocates have been trying to avoid such a case for fear of losing in the Court. Until now. Finally, probably in June, when the Court hands down its decisions, we will have clarity. Or will we? I am betting we won't. As often happens, I think the court will parse this one too finely to please either side. My thinking focuses on two of the words: “bear” and “arms”. There is a lot of wiggle room here. Does “bear” literally mean the right to carry a gun with you wherever you go, or is the fact that you can have one in your home enough? And “arms”–does that mean you can have absolutely any kind of weapon you want and can afford, or does the state have the right to say which arms are permitted and which are not? As much as I, and probably you, would love a definitive answer, I doubt we will get one. Nonetheless, this is the most interesting Supreme Court case to watch since Roe v. Wade.
Chris is right that we are unlikely to see complete resolution of the gun control issue from this case, and part of that has to do with the fact I noted above — since the Second Amendment was ratified in 1791, there have only been a handful of cases that addressed it and none of them have dealt with one of the central issues in Heller.
The other reason is because Heller isn't just a simple question of whether or not the Second Amendment protects an individual or collective right to gun ownership. To make a complex case simple, Heller really comes down to two questions:
Does the Second Amendment create an individual right to keep and bear arms, or does it merely mean that the states can maintain militias made up of members of the citizenry ? Assuming that the right is an individual one, what constitutes an infringement of that right ?
On the first question, I think there's a good chance that the Court will find that the Second Amendment right is an individual one. From an historical perspective, which is really the only guide that the Justices will have, the argument that the drafters of the Bill of Rights did not intend to protect the right of individual citizens to keep and bear arms is simply absurd. Yes, it's possible that they will reverse the Court of Appeals — and, if they do, that is essentially the end of the day and, I think, the end of individual gun rights in the United States.
The second question, though, is much more nuanced and, as SCOTUSBlog's Wiki on the case notes, the two sides disagree significantly on the answer:
Even if the Court should opt for an individual, private right to have guns, the two main briefs divide on how to judge when such a right were violated by a gun control law. The city government backs a reasonableness standard, the gun rights challengers favor “strict scrutiny.” And, it is no surprise, applying the standards that all advances would determine the fate of the handgun ban in the District.
In previous cases, the Supreme Court has held that nearly all of the other rights guaranteed by the Bill of Rights are subject to a “strict scrutiny” standard; meaning that any law that would abrogate those rights would have to pass the following test:
First, it must be justified by a compelling governmental interest. While the Courts have never brightly defined how to determine if an interest is compelling, the concept generally refers to something necessary or crucial, as opposed to something merely preferred. Examples include national security, preserving the lives of multiple individuals, and not violating explicit constitutional protections. Second, the law or policy must be narrowly tailored to achieve that goal or interest. If the government action encompasses too much (over-inclusive) or fails to address essential aspects of the compelling interest (under-inclusive), then the rule is not considered narrowly tailored. Finally, the law or policy must be the least restrictive means for achieving that interest. More accurately, there cannot be a less restrictive way to effectively achieve the compelling government interest, but the test will not fail just because there is another method that is equally the least restrictive. Some legal scholars consider this ‘least restrictive means' requirement part of being narrowly tailored, though the Court generally evaluates it as a separate prong.
Under that standard, obviously, almost no restriction on a constitutionally protected right can pass muster.
There are lesser basis of review, though; under “rational basis review” all that the government needs to show is that there is some rational basis for the law, and, under so-called “intermediate scrutiny” where the government only needs to show that the law or regulation involves important governmental interests that are furthered by substantially related means.
The Court could decide that the regulations that impact Second Amendment rights only need to pass one of these lesser standards of review, meaning that some forms of gun control legislation would be acceptable.
Finally, it's important to note that whatever happens in D.C. v. Heller may not have the widespread impact that some believe because the Supreme Court has never ruled that the Second Amendment applies to the states:
It is a somewhat curious fact of the history of the Second Amendment that, unlike most of the other parts of the Bill of Rights, it simply does not apply to state or local laws. Thus, the numerically much greater array of state laws on gun control — such as laws against carrying a concealed gun — are not immediately affected by the Amendment, however it is interpreted. In a process that began in the late 19th Century, the Court has “incorporated” almost all of the other guaranteed constitutional rights into the scope of the Fourteenth Amendment, thus applying them as limits on state and local government activity. But the Supreme Court has never reconsidered an 1886 decision, in Presser v. Illinois, saying that the Amendment is not binding on the states.
The most likely outcome of the Court's decision in Heller, whatever it might be, is that it will merely be the beginning of an entirely new area of Constitutional jurisprudence. Ten years from now, Second Amendment cases may be as common in the Supreme Court as First Amendment cases once were, and that will continue until the Court hammers out a coherent Second Amendment case law.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Pokémon fans in Japan can now sign up for a Pokémon Go "field test," developer Niantic has announced. This field test will start in Japan later this month (Japanese gamers can sign up here) and will come to other countries in the weeks to come.
"The Pokémon Company and Niantic will be inviting users to field test Pokémon Go in Japan later this month," Niantic said. "The Pokémon Go field test program will give a limited number of users early access to the app. These users will have the opportunity to share early feedback and help improve the Pokémon Go experience for everyone prior to public launch."
Pokémon Go will let players catch, train, and battle monsters in the real world, though Niantic has yet to provide any specifics on how this will work. Users will be able to play the game with an optional device called Pokémon Go Plus. Much like a smartwatch, it can be worn on the wrist and used to execute in-game actions such as catching a Pokémon. The device will connect to smartphones using Bluetooth, and will flash its LED and vibrate to notify players about nearby Pokémon.
Pokémon Go is expected to be available on the App Store and Google Play in 2016 as a free download. The game will also have in-app purchases.
Niantic, which spun off from Google in 2015, raised $20 million from a round of investors that included The Pokémon Company, Google, and Nintendo last year. Just last week, Niantic raised a further $5 million, according to GI.biz.
In other news, Niantic recently canceled a Pokémon Go presentation at the Game Developers Conference.
French carmaker acts after admission that emissions filtering system did not work in all temperatures, but denies wrongdoing
Renault has recalled more than 15,000 diesel cars after an admission that its emissions filtering system does not work in all temperatures.
The French carmaker denied any wrongdoing and said there was no “defeat device” of the kind Volkswagen used to cheat emissions tests, but acknowledged there was a difference between its test results and actual pollution.
According to the French environment minister, Ségolène Royal, who established France's commission to investigate vehicle emissions, the problem would require Renault to correct the filtration system on Renault Captur cars produced between July and September 2015, so that it continued to work in hot or cold weather.
French government reassures Renault investors there is 'no emissions fraud' Read more
Emission tests for vehicle certification in Europe are conducted at an ambient temperature of between 20c and 30C (68F-86F).
Renault confirmed the recall, saying it involved a small proportion of Capturs produced before September 2015, when it identified and fixed the problem.
The carmaker's director of engineering, Gaspar Gascon Abellan, told reporters that Renault had discovered “a calibration error” in the emissions-cutting system of its diesel engines, which meant nitrogen oxides and sulphur were not being properly eliminated.
The manufacturer has come under scrutiny since the revelation last week that anti-fraud investigators had raided its premises across France as inquiries continue into the actual emissions produced by its cars, which have been found to be substantially above test levels. The French government, which owns almost 20% of the company, moved to reassure investors after Renault shares fell sharply on fears that it would be drawn into the scandal engulfing VW, although the carmaker's value remains 10% lower than when news broke.
Renault announced it was also planning a software upgrade to cut nitrogen oxides pollution from its diesel engines, in a move that could potentially affect up to 700,000 vehicles on the road. The voluntary upgrade would apply to owners of cars using the most modern Euro 6-compliant engines.
Renault promises plan to bring down emissions from diesel vehicles Read more
Campaigners have pointed to Renault as one of the major culprits in discrepancies between vehicle test results and real-world NOx emissions, as awareness has grown of the true level of pollution emitted by diesel cars. A German environmental group that tested Renault's Espace in late 2015 said it released NOx emissions, which are linked to a host of public health problems from respiratory illnesses to heart disease, that were between 13 and 25 times the EU limit.
Renault's chief competitive officer, Thierry Bolloré, said that while he disputed some of the reported measurements, he acknowledged that “our position is not satisfactory” and there was “room for improvement”. Bolloré insisted that Renault was “meeting the norms” rather than cheating tests or consumers.
The commission established by Royal has so far identified several manufacturers whose real-world emissions exceed the tests, but no evidence of defeat devices in vehicles beyond those used by VW.
Officials at Our Lady of the Resurrection are considering closing the Portage Park hospitals, but opponents said that would turn Portage Park into a "health care desert." View Full Caption DNAInfo/Heather Cherone
PORTAGE PARK — A decision about the fate of Our Lady of the Resurrection Medical Center, which had been expected this week, will not be made until sometime in 2014, as officials weigh whether to shutter the Portage Park hospital while keeping its emergency room open, a spokeswoman said Wednesday.
Although the hospital's board will meet Thursday, it will not take any action that would reduce the number of beds at the Far Northwest Side hospital or reduce services to patients, Presence Health spokeswoman Angela Benander said.
Hospital leaders have been meeting with employees, elected officials and community members to craft a "workable plan" for the hospital "with an appropriate complement of inpatient services, comprehensive emergency services and outpatient services," Benander said.
"It is going to take a little bit more time," Benander said, adding that the board will be updated on those discussions and informed about the outline of the plan being developed.
A final recommendation will be presented to the board by March, she added.
News that the hospital may close drew fierce opposition from employees, residents and elected officials.
Presence Health operates 12 Catholic hospitals in the Chicago area, including Our Lady of the Resurrection, 5645 W. Addison St.
In September, hospital officials had proposed ending in-patient services at the hospital while keeping the emergency room open. State law requires hospitals with emergency rooms to have at least 100 beds.
Patients who need to be admitted to a hospital would be transferred to Resurrection Medical Center, 7435 W. Talcott Ave., five miles away, according to hospital officials.
Eighty percent of the hospital's patients were covered by Medicare or Medicaid, or paid out of pocket, according to the hospital's 2011 report to the Illinois Department of Public Health.
The 269-bed hospital expects to lose $20.7 million this year and another $5.7 million next year, according to a memo sent to the nearly 900 employees who work at the medical center by hospital CEO John Baird.
0
The Comedians are rooted in the familiar conceit of a behind-the-scenes look at the making of a comedy sketch show, this one centered on the unlikely pairing of Billy Crystal and Josh Gad. It's even shot documentary style, with random members of the crew popping up in the background. As written, however, the show is a strangely bittersweet tale of colliding comedic styles. It's not exactly hero worship that shapes the relationship between Gad, who is fond of cock jokes, and Crystal, who yammers on about building a character in the sketch, but rather the idea of mythical reputation, a classical kind of stature that seems too easily earned these days. Crystal, in contrast, is depicted as an old pro moving easily into the 21st century with an active career, and the sting of the show comes from Gad's fumbling attempts to learn how to sustain a career while retaining his own sense of humor.
The struggle is between the new, awkward honesty against the old, honed, proven method, and the show leans a little too hard on the awkward, passive-aggressive brand of humor for its first two episodes or so. In the second episode, Crystal and his wife (Dana Delaney) invite Gad over for an L.A. Clippers game on the big screen, along with Will Sasso, Joe Torres, and Sugar Ray Leonard. The entire scenario turns into a group ragging on Gad for being too picky and too coddled, and as the series goes on, there's never a similar weakness in Crystal, which makes the dynamic feel biased.
The sketches are MAD TV-caliber for the most part, like an early sketch depicting Crystal as Anthony Bourdain, vomiting uncontrollably after consuming human testicles. Like most comedies of this ilk, the sharpness of the sketches in The Comedians are in constant decline, even as the drama takes unexpected turns. The best episode thus far centers on Crystal and Gad getting nominated for the same award, and getting stoned on the way to the red carpet entrance they promised the FX president (played by Denis O'Hare). There's an air of jovial nonsense in the supermarket scenes and in the limo, and these moments allude to a more emotionally resonant underbelly to the drama, a heartfelt and hard-won study of bonding, and a hesitant kind of mentorship.
The most fascinating thing about the show is the image of Crystal as a workhorse — a decisive and smart careerist in an industry that does not react well to aging. A similar sense of this from Gad (as an intuitive career comedian) is missing from the hash of storylines, but the series' writers fill out the narrative with some funny, observant, and expressive supporting roles. Steven Webber, Megan Ferguson, and Stephnie Weir give a wider sense of the creative and bureaucratic engines that power shows like this. The world that Larry Charles, Crystal, Gad, and their colleagues have made is quickly involving and occasionally very funny, but clearly needs time to find its foothold. What resonates most prominently from the first few episodes is a dedication to the craft of comedy, regardless of the chosen school of humor, and a convincing sense of wanting to work on the craft of a joke. The Comedians insightfully portrays the world of making people laugh as filled with work and unforeseen compromise, a constant struggle to stay relevant and having to swim with the tide, even when you don't want to.
The Comedians premiere on April 9th at 10 p.m. on FX.
★★★ Good — Proceed with cautious optimism
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Factory workers making Kanye West 's new Adidas trainers are paid just £147 a month, £3 less than the price of the £150 sneakers.
Fans queued for four days outside a shop in Nottingham in February to get their hands on the rapper's latest line, the Yeezy Boost 350 V2.
The limited edition shoes, which were expected to later trade online for up to £500, are made by workers who slave for 10 hours a day, six days a week.
They are expected to arrive 15 minutes early every day to sing the company song and attend production meetings, meaning they do an hour and a half unpaid time every week.
The Mirror teamed up with US-based China Labor Watch to find the Apache Footwear factory in Guangdong province where the shoes are made.
(Image: 18montrose)
Pay is as low as £147 a month, just £6 more than the minimum legal wage there.
Apache staff are paid the equivalent of 85p an hour based on a five-day week.
By working an extra 20 hours a week, meaning six, 10-hour days, they can raise take-home pay to £329 a month.
The average wage in Chinese cities is £714.69 a month. The 80 hours' overtime exceeds the 36 hours permitted by Chinese labour law.
Worker Fang Lee, 39, told how she was expected to stand for 10 hours a day. She said: “I am way too weary to stand for such a long time without rest.”
She said workers had to arrive at 7.15am, 15 minutes early, or be sacked. Mum-of-two Fang said: “I have to get up at 6am and take my children to school as my husband is working. The work and taking care of the children has worn me out. For the family's sake, I must keep holding on.”
The family shares a single room, paying £40 a month rent. Fang said: “My basic wage is too low, so I have to work overtime to make ends meet. But even if I work 80 hours' overtime every month, there is nothing much left.
“Everything goes on rent and living expenses. I have to take every opportunity to work overtime and not take leave or we will be in financial trouble.”
Adidas argues its supplier is allowed to take advantage of a loophole allowing some employers to use an average overtime figure for the year.
It is believed that Adidas paid 39-year-old Kanye, who has two children with his wife Kim Kardashian, £7million to collaborate on the Yeezy trainers.
are expected to turn up early to attend an unpaid morning meeting and sing the company song.
War on Want's Owen Espley said the use of cheap labour was “shameful exploitation” and called for Adidas to be “held to account for the shocking conditions in their suppliers' factories”.
Adidas said it was investigating the allegations of the early morning meeting and agreed that workers should be paid for attending meetings outside working hours.
The company said when bonuses and allowances were taken into account, the average take-home pay for an Apache worker was £329 a month.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Evening Gazette)
A spokeswoman said: “We are fully committed to protecting worker rights and to ensuring fair and safe conditions in our factories.
“We only conduct business with overseas manufacturers who work in a fair, honest and responsible manner.
“We have strict procedures in place to ensure employees are paid and treated fairly.”
Hansen (1-4) posted his third Minor League performance of 12 or more strikeouts, and he fanned the final six Hillcats he faced. A second-round pick last year, Hansen leads all White Sox farmhands with 138 strikeouts over 108.1 innings of work, which calculates to 11.5 strikeouts per nine innings.
LYNCHBURG, Va. (July 30, 2017) - Alec Hansen struck out 12 in his first professional complete game, but a three-run fourth inning propelled Lynchburg past Winston-Salem 3-0 in Sunday's doubleheader finale at Calvin Falwell Field.
However, Lynchburg (22-15, 62-44) was able to break through in the fourth against Hansen. Gavin Collins began the frame with a homer down the left field line, and three of the next four Hillcats batters recorded singles to load the bases with one out.
Anthony Miller then hit a bouncer in front of the plate, and Dash catcher Seby Zavala touched home after collecting the ball. His throw to first base, which would have brought about an inning-ending double play, sailed over first baseman Brandon Dulin, allowing two men to score and giving the Hillcats a 3-0 advantage.
The Dash (16-20, 40-66) claimed the opener thanks to a two-run, tie-breaking triple from Bryant Flete in the seventh and final inning of regulation. However, Winston-Salem could not parlay this offensive momentum into Sunday's nightcap, with three Lynchburg pitchers combining on a three-hit shutout.
In a spot start, Kieran Lovegrove retired the first seven he faced and submitted three shutout innings. Justin Garcia (4-3) earned the victory by logging the next three frames, during which he stranded three runners. Luke Eubank spun a 1-2-3 seventh to collect his 10th professional save. Lovegrove, Garcia and Eubank combined to strike out 11 of the 21 Winston-Salem hitters they retired.
The Dash return to BB&T Ballpark for a seven-game homestand that begins with the first of three against the Salem Red Sox at 7 p.m. on Monday. Winston will send right-hander Dane Dunning (4-5, 3.53 ERA) to the hill against Salem southpaw Logan Boyd (1-0, 1.65 ERA). Pregame coverage begins at 6:45 p.m. on wsdash.com/broadcast, MiLB.tv and the TuneIn Radio App.
This homestand begins with the second-to-last All-You-Can-Eat for Free Night of the season, where fans can enjoy all the hot dogs, hamburgers and cheeseburgers they can handle for free through the seventh inning. A Lowes Foods Thirsty Thursday, Fireworks Friday and Chick-fil-A Four Pack Night are also set for this week at BB&T Ballpark. For tickets and more information, call the Dash at (336) 714-2287 or visit wsdash.com.
Warren Buffett got a question on what would happen to the country, the economy, and Berkshire Hathaway if Donald Trump became president, and he mostly sidestepped it.
The question, which came from journalist Andrew Ross Sorkin, was specifically about whether a Trump presidency pose a threat to the business of Berkshire Hathaway (brk-a). Buffett, who has widely said that he is supporting Hillary Clinton, quipped, “That won't be the main problem.”
As for Berkshire, Buffett said his insurance conglomerate would do just fine under a Trump presidency, or a Clinton one for that matter. He said Berkshire has operated under a number of political climates and made money.
“We've operated under price controls, we've had 52% federal taxes applied to our earnings… we've had regulations come along,” Buffett said, “I will predict that if either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton become president Berkshire will do fine.”
Buffett did say that he thought that it is very likely that either Clinton and Trump will be the next president, but Buffett added one more likely one than the other. Still, Buffett implied that he didn't think any one president, even Trump, could totally derail the U.S. economy. Buffett reiterated what he has said in the past that the economy and country is headed in the right direction and that will continue. Trump supporters were likely expecting some harsh words towards their candidate from Buffett. So the fact that Buffett said Trump won't be all that bad for the economy could be seen as positive for the Trump camp.
Charlie Munger, Buffett's long-time No. 2, ducked the question even more than Buffett. “I am afraid to get into this area,” says Munger, a long time Republican. Munger hasn't said who he is planning on voting for for president.
I am a self-professed mama lion. I will protect my own - be it this blog, my work or my family. But I have a special kind of ferocity when it comes to my children. There is nothing I won't do to protect them or to try to give them a better life than I've had. I don't think this is a unique quality among parents.
Before my kids were even a twinkle in their daddy's eye, we considered school districts in deciding which cities and neighborhoods to look for a home. I figured it was cheaper in the long run to look for a home in the right school district than it was to pay for private schooling later on. Sadly, not every parent has that luxury.
Kelley Williams-Bolar didn't. And now she's paying an unbelievable price for her mama lion instincts to protect her children and give them a better life. From Change.org
"An Ohio mother of two was sentenced to 10 days in jail and placed on three years probation after sending her kids to a school district in which they did not live. Kelley Williams-Bolar was sentenced by Judge Patricia Cosgrove on Tuesday and will begin serving her sentence immediately. The jury deliberated for seven hours and the courtroom was packed as the sentence was handed down. She was convicted on two counts of tampering with court records after registering her two girls as living with Williams Bolar's father when they actually lived with her. The family lived in the housing projects in Akron, Ohio, and the father's address was in nearby Copley Township. Additionally, Williams-Bolar's father, Edward L. Williams, was charged with a fourth-degree felony of grand theft, in which he and his daughter are charged with defrauding the school system for two years of educational services for their girls. The court determined that sending their children to the wrong school was worth $30,500 in tuition. - Dr. Boyce Watkins
Williams-Bolar has almost completed her degree in education with the intention of becoming a teacher. With a felony on her record, she would be legally prohibited from pursuing that goal, just adding to the difficulties this single mother who was just trying to keep her children safe.
Change.org has already gathered over 100,000 signatures to petition the parole board to recommend to Governor John Kasich to pardon Kelley Williams-Bolar. Kasich is probably unlikely to be swayed by the petition directly, but may defer to the recommendations of the parole board. Williams-Bolar's attorneys are prepping an appeal as well.
Will you please sign the petition to show your support of Kelley Williams-Bolar?
Verizon will drop its title connection to Washington arena
W
hile its naming-rights deal in Washington, D.C., won't expire until 2018,is not renewing as the title sponsor of the building that it andhave held rights to at the home of the Washington Wizards, Capitals, Mystics and the Georgetown men's basketball team since the building opened in 1997 with a Barry Manilow concert.
Playing it close to the vest, Monumental Sports & Entertainment Chief Revenue Officer Jim Van Stone said in an email only that “we are in the process of beginning to explore” finding a new naming-rights partner for the arena, which is located in the city's Chinatown section.
Verizon, and MCI before it, have held naming rights since 1997.
However, several industry sources, including an agency that passed on the assignment because of a conflict, said that Monumental Sports is in the final stages of a review to select a sales agency for a new deal. Among the finalists are's, Denver; and, intriguingly enough, a pair of ad hoc agencies created specifically for this assignment: one that seesPrincipalteaming with's, and another that has naming-rights veteranand hisjoining forces with
Naturally, a naming-rights deal in the nation's capital would be attractive to any businesses seeking visibility and influence within the district where laws and policy are made.
With that as a backdrop, we're told the search will be global. However, there will also be local competition. The Washington Nationals' 7-year-old home — Nationals Park — has never had a corporate moniker, but we're told it carries a hefty price of around $10 million a year. The D.C. United MLS team also hopes to build a new stadium to open in 2017, which presumably will come with its own naming-rights proposition.
While the current arena naming-rights deal at what some have called “the phone booth” in deference to MCI and Verizon officially ends in 2018, we're told that a nonconflicting new sponsor could be brought in the fold quickly with a large “onboarding” package that would culminate in an eventual naming-rights takeover.
Sources tell us Monumental Sports is hoping to get around $7 million per year and a deal of at least 10 to 15 years. Several naming-rights brokers, who would not go on the record because they are selling competing rights, told us $5 million per year seems more appropriate, depending upon how much media is layered into the deal.
It could not be determined what Verizon is currently paying, as its deal started in the late 1990s with the MCI deal.
Octagon won a shootout of the non-3-point variety for the business of Taco Bell.
>
has emerged victorious in a lengthy review to become the sports and experiential agency of record for. Agency sources said that finalists in the shootout, which started with more than three dozen marketing shops, including fellowagency, along with. Sources said the final group did not include incumbent agency
In a review administered by search consultant Select Resources International, agencies were asked to develop ideas around the NBA, college football and its 10-year-old “Feed the Beat” program, which recognizes and supports developing bands and musicians.
Renowned for its marketing to millennials and as an advertiser in the last three Super Bowls, Taco Bell has been an NBA sponsor since 2009. It also has a College Football Playoff sponsorship through which it created a student section; around 10 college sponsorships and naming rights to the 12,380-seat arena that is the home court for the Boise State Broncos.
>
NHL Chief Operating Officeris predicting revenue in an excess of $130 million for the World Cup of Hockey tournament, which is returning in September 2016 for the first time since 2004. Some portion of that will come from consumer products revenue, and the league is looking at proposals from the likes of incumbent supplier(for itsbrand),and, with the hopes of selecting a jersey licensee within the next month or two. Two items are of particular interest here: The league is considering adding an advertising patch to the World Cup jerseys, which would generate even more revenue for the tourney set for Sept. 17-Oct. 1, 2016.
Secondly, the league is using the World Cup jersey program as a trial run for the next NHL jersey deal. That deal expires after the 2016-17 season, so we'll pay close attention to which brand lands the World Cup apparel deal and to whether there's an ad patch on that jersey, since it will likely be repeated in the NHL deal. The eight-team World Cup tournament will be played at Toronto's Air Canada Centre between two all-star squads, and teams representing the U.S., Canada, Russia, Sweden, Finland and the Czech Republic.
Terry Lefton can be reached at tlefton@sportsbusinessjournal.com.
Across Texas, city councils are taking the regulation of payday and auto title lenders into their own hands. But lobbyists, who were instrumental in blocking some far-reaching state legislation on lender regulations last year, have also been active in opposing municipal ordinances.
In Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, Brownsville, Irving, Mesquite, Sachse, Richardson, Garland and Little Elm, city governments have passed zoning ordinances to limit the expansion of payday lending businesses in their cities.
The ordinances come on the heels of 2011 regulations passed by the Legislature, which some city councils felt were not comprehensive enough. The recent state laws require payday and auto title lenders to be regulated by the state and to post a schedule of fees in visible places in their businesses, similar to the overhead menus in fast-food restaurants.
Critics say that the short-term, high-interest loans by such lenders has led thousands of Texans into a cycle of debt and dependency.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“In Dallas and Austin, we are leading the fight at the local level, because the state has been hindered by the significant lobbying effort that the industry has taken on,” said Barksdale English, a policy aide for Austin City Councilman Bill Spelman, who authored a recently approved zoning ordinance that limits where payday and auto title loan businesses can be located.
“[The industry] definitely hired two of the most active and influential lobbyists here in Austin,” English said, referring to lobbyists from the firm Armbrust & Brown. “Their lobbyists have been in constant contact with our office since December. In the course of the last 10 days leading up to the vote, they were meeting with other council members as well.”
Armbrust & Brown did not return calls seeking comment.
Payday lending is banned in 12 states. Some states cap the maximum loan amount, but in Texas, it is unlimited.
The Texas Constitution says annual rates of interest of more than 10 percent are illegal. However, this constitutional protection can be bypassed if payday lenders register their businesses as “credit service organizations,” which under state law are defined as organizations that improve a consumer's credit history or rating, or obtain an extension of consumer credit for their clients. Some payday and auto title loan companies charge interest rates of up to 500 percent.
“There was a huge push to have some consumer protection ... that would reduce the cycle of debt and the huge charges that are part of [the payday and auto title lenders'] business model,” said Ann Baddour, a senior policy analyst for Texas Appleseed, a nonprofit advocacy and research group. “Nothing that directly addresses the business model passed the Legislature last session. The cities have felt the pressure to take action.”
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Last year, the city of Dallas passed an ordinance that required payday and auto title lenders to register with the city, and restricted the amount of loans that can be extended and the terms of repayment. The Consumer Service Alliance of Texas filed a lawsuit in response. CSAT said the ordinance conflicted with state law and limited credit access for Dallas residents. The association also filed a similar lawsuit against the city of Austin for a different payday-lending ordinance, which capped the maximum loan amount and restricted the number of times a payday loan can be refinanced. Both lawsuits are still in litigation.
“CSAT respects the right of a city to impose reasonable spacing, parking, and signage guidelines on businesses that operate within the city limits,” the association said in a recent statement. “However ... when ordinances restrict access to credit [and] eliminate consumer choice ... the ordinances have gone too far and will have unintended consequences.”
The city ordinances are meant to prevent situations such as the one faced by Lucille Florez, an Austin woman who took out an auto title loan of about $2,500 to pay for the funeral expenses of her husband and daughter. Florez assumed she could make monthly payments, not realizing she would have to pay the loan and fees within 30 days or roll the balance over into a new loan. Over four months, she ended up with $3,100 in debt.
“You will never have the $3,000 in full,” Florez said. “You will lose the car eventually. I want people to know if they get a $2,000 or $3,000 title loan, you might as well give the car away.”
However, some Texans say payday loans are an important resource for lower-income individuals who do not have access to traditional bank loans.
At a City Council meeting last Thursday, Austin resident Manny Camero said payday loans have helped him manage emergency financial situations. State law allows borrowers to cancel their loans within three days, and so Camero has taken out small loans a few days before receiving his next paycheck, and repaid them before interest rates took effect.
“I think it benefits people when you use it only for emergencies and small amounts,” said Camero, who borrowed $200 from a payday lender to replace a truck tire. “When people start getting bigger loans they ultimately can't afford, [it's] just like in retail banking ... they have no business getting a loan of that magnitude.”
The issue has gotten the attention of several statewide religious organizations, including the Texas Catholic Conference, the Texas Baptist Christian Life Commission and Texas Impact, which have spoken out on the issue and formed a statewide coalition called Texas Faith for Fair Lending.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Last year, Bishop Joe Vasquez of the Catholic Diocese of Austin testified that nearly 20 percent of the people assisted by his diocese's charity division sought help for debt resulting from payday and auto title loans. In 2010, he said, his diocese provided about $1 million of assistance to these individuals.
“We want good practices,” Vasquez said in a recent interview, adding that the bishops of Texas have made the issue a priority. “We want to make sure people's rights are taken care of and protected. We believe most of the people that fall victim to these particular practices are the poor and the vulnerable in our society.”
For now, the recent city ordinances remain in place. But Bennett Sandlin, executive director of the Texas Municipal League, said it's possible that the ordinances could be pre-empted by the Legislature next year.
"We're hearing that it's possible that some people would like to ban municipal ordinances on payday lending, and it's possible that legislation will be filed to that effect in 2013," Sandlin said.
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
Yesterday police in Greece batoned and tear gassed protesters outside one of the migrant detention camps now being run by Syriza. Militant protests both inside and outside the camp resumed last weekend after the suicide of a Pakistani migrant, Nadim Mohammed who had been held for 18 months, released and then returned to the Amygdaleza camp. The news of the suicide broke on February 14th along with the news that another migrant had killed themselves in Thessaloniki police station.
This led to protests both in Thessalonki (pictured) and what police claimed was a mass escape attempt from Amygdaleza which now houses around 1300 migrants. In suppressing those protests two of the camp buildings were destroyed by fire. Because of the despair created by the conditions there have been multiple suicide attempts in Amygdaleza. In one weekend in April 2013, long before Syriza came to power there were three attempts and a hunger strike involving 2000 migrants detained in several centres. There are currently 7000 migrants in detention centres and an unknown additional number detained in police stations.
At yesterdays protest at Amygdaleza police attacked the crowd with shields, batons and then pepper spray. They also targeted a photo journalist who photographed their attack, knocking him to the ground. Yes Syriza have order the riot police to stay away from the pro-government demonstrations outside parliament but they are still being deployed at the detention camps and are using their old methods.
Before these events but after the suicide the Minister of Public Order Yannis Panousis was videoed visiting the camp as migrants chanted ‘Freedom, Freedom' and other spoke to the cameras about the terrible conditions within. Syriza have responded to the latest revolt by promising reforms to include better treatment for those held over 18 months, vulnerable groups and those who have not had a legal decision made with regard to there future within 6 months. The video is harrowing and can be viewed at below
This would bring the conditions migrants are warehoused under in Greece closer to conditions elsewhere in Europe. Waiting ahead of the elections the migrant solidarity site Clandestina noted that “If the institutional Left form the next Greek government, they might indeed shut down the concentration camps, but not necessarily as part of a politics of respect of human dignity and basic rights, but in order to harmonize Greek policy with E.U. legislation, by putting the EU money to good use, opening more proper detention facilities, and satisfying the demands of the Greek police and their more conservative voters along the way. Indeed, a part of the institutional Left in Greece is speaking in favor of the same system that radical movements throughout Europe are fighting against.” For more background see the full statement in the comments.
Meanwhile migrants continue to be locked into This enters and those who protest the conditions inside or outside the camps risk police batons and tear gas. Yes no one could expect that Syriza would magically create new reception centres instantly, the question is why are the detention centres still being run as prisons, with guards on locked doors preventing the unwilling inmates from leaving? Because if its geographic location Greece has been doing the dirty work of the rest of the EU for years in detaining migrants and thus preventing them moving on, why is it still doing so under the new left government?
WORDS Andrew Flood (Follow Andrew on Twitter )
I hate both Clinton and Trump and shilling for Hillary isn't going to change that. And the Trump supporters aren't going to make me come to their side with their idiotic shtick either.
The shills should at least try to admit Hillary is a shitty candidate instead of acting like she is somehow infallible. That's how you can tell they aren't organic. If Reddit really liked Hillary as much as CTR pretend they do, then /r/hillaryclinton would make it to /r/all more than once a month. They just brigade in /r/politics and in /r/PoliticalDiscussion and it's pathetic, disturbing, and sickening. She supports online propaganda via middle men (CTR) and mass data collection via NSA spying... that's what states like North Korea and Iran do...
She also wants to invade Syria to oust Assad, a key Russian ally. Nation building and perpetual war are what you get when you vote Clinton, she's a neocon on foreign policy. Syria has a bunch of oil pipelines that lead to both Russia and Europe, so it's a strategic stronghold. Clinton could get us into war with Russia over Syria and that could easily escalate to WW3. Not saying Trump is better, electing him will probably cause the rest of the world to lose faith in the US and it will greatly damage our economy (so will ww3 though).
I'll take someone who believes crystals cure cancer or someone who wants a flat tax over a war monger who wants to start ww3 or an idiot. I'm almost convinced Trump is trying to tank the republican party and delegitamize conservative values to usher in a Clinton presidency and make it so that anyone who isn't a liberal is immediately associated with idiocy and racism. His most vocal supporters actually act racist online and say really un-American things. Since when do the republicans like Russia or consider it patriotic to like Russia? I hate SJWs too but not because I'm racist, I hate SJWs because they're authoritarians who want to discriminate against people based on skin color, which is racist in its self. You know what's going to happen after this election? Those of us who are reasonable people will be lumped in with the actual racist idiots. Anyone who mentions being against political correctness will be considered racist. And Trump is doing this on purpose because he's secretly a liberal and he hates republicans and thinks they're morons. He's manipulating them and he's doing is successfully. I guess he's right about them being morons though if they're going to let him drive their movement into the ground...
New Delhi: Online marketplace Amazon India launched virtual customer service with the aim of creating cost efficient employment prospects for qualified and skilled candidates seeking the more flexible work from home opportunities, the company said in a statement.With this initiative, according to the company, it is reaching out to a wider talent pool to ensure a high rate of diversity while also roping in talent who might not be able to physically attend regular office due to varied reasons.Virtual customer service has currently been launched in Hyderabad, Pune, Coimbatore and Noida and is hiring for entry level job opportunities along with opportunities for team managers and group managers in these cities, the company said.“We are an employer of choice, because of our relentless focus on employees. As an employee friendly company, we believe in opening up comfortable channels of employment to people and VCS is an opportunity for those who are unable to come to office every day due to personal reasons but are passionate about their work. We hope that this initiative will help many people resume their career and find an earning with the comfort of being at home," said Priti R , director talent acquisition APAC at Amazon.According to the company, the virtual customer service would help reduce customer effort , make it simpler to detect and quickly escalate problems apart from anticipating customers' needs and educating them on relevant products, programs and services offered by Amazon.in.
A new poll by the Angus Reid Institute finds Canadians more comfortable than ever with the legalization of marijuana, although most people are "disinclined to see a pressing need for change."
According to the survey, more than two-in-three Canadians (68 per cent) say pot should be made legal, which represents a nine-point increase compared to how people felt about the issue in 2014. At the same time, 64 per cent of people say legalization will do more good than harm in the long run.
Angus Reid Institute. 2016.
The Institute's analysis indicates that these findings reflect a growth in support for legalization, basically boosted by people who have changed their minds in the past couple of years. Interestingly, supporters are found almost in equal numbers among all age groups, from 18-year-olds to men and women who are 55 years old or older.
Yet, despite the work of pressure groups and the fact that the Health Minister said that the pot law is coming next spring, more than half of those surveyed see legalization as "one of the least important issues facing the country today."
Angus Reid Institute. 2016.
In terms of what pot sales should look like, most Canadians would like the government to set strict limits on where the product can be sold. The two most popular options would be through provincial agencies -favoured by legalization opponents- or specially licensed dispensaries.
At the other extreme, nearly one-in-three of those who favour making marijuana legal would support a regulatory climate in which “citizens may grow and sell their own” plants.
Angus Reid Institute. 2016.
If and when marijuana becomes legal in Canada, "nowhere will the change be more celebrated than in British Columbia," the Institute concludes.
Eighty-one per cent of BCers want Liberals to legalize pot, and 27 per cent think it is an urgent topic that needs to be addressed.
By Tristin Hopper and John Greenwood
With the penny gone and the triumph of plastic over paper bills only months away, the research and development department of the Royal Canadian Mint has proposed going one step further: the death of hard currency altogether.
Last week, the Mint announced the release of MintChip, a completely digital currency. “Money, as we know it, is fine for today, but tomorrow is a different story,” says an introductory MintChip video. “MintChip is better than cash, since you can use it online.”
MintChip stores value in a physical chip, and transfers money between chips using heavily encrypted “value messages.” The system has no centralized database. “They're calling it anonymous … their intention is that it's no more associated with who you are than [traditional] currency,” said Jacqueline Chilton with Glenbrook Partners, a California-based payment consultant.
[np-related]
Of course, Ms. Chilton noted there is still the possibility for MintChip-specific apps to covertly record transactions. And, just like physical currency, if “you drop it, it's gone,” she said.
MintChip can handle any amount of money, but the Mint envisions it as a way to digitize small transactions, like bus fare, a song download or a stick of gum.
‘The Mint isn't saying they're creating a substitute for cash tomorrow — but something that can be used as such in pieces overtime'
“The emerging digital economy must be able to accommodate small-value transactions, such as micro transactions (under $10) and nano-transactions (under $1),” said the Mint.
On April 5, the Mint launched the “MintChip challenge” to encourage software developers to come up with creative applications for the technology. The winners, to be selected by a judge's panel including Mint CEO Ian Bennett and Google's vice-president of payments, will be awarded the tongue-in-cheek prize of $50,000 in gold, one of the world's oldest forms of currency.
MintChip's technology — and even its name — is modelled closely on Bitcoin, an electronic cash system launched in 2009. The currency became the darling of hipsters, libertarians and criminals, all of whom liked the idea of using cash not controlled by a government or central bank. In the words of one Bitcoin enthusiast, the service “is not run by people with hot sexual appetites for hotel maids. It is not run by corporations.”
Nevertheless, Bitcoin is prone to wild fluctuations in value, particularly after last June when hackers successfully brought down the world's largest BitCoin exchange.
On the eve of MintChip's launch, Marc Brûlé, the Mint's chief financial officer, went on record denouncing Bitcoin as being constantly on the verge of collapse. “Bitcoin may work for the small group of people that believe in its value, but that could change very suddenly,” he told Reuters. Mr. Brûlé had just returned from a speaking engagement at Digital Money Forum, a U.K.-based gathering of electronic cash developers and consultants capped off with a few rounds of debit-card Monopoly.
The entrance of a government player into the frontier of electronic cash is surprising, particularly for Canada, which is notorious for lagging in the currency department.
“Canadians continue to use an outdated payment system not necessarily because they prefer it, but because no viable alternative has been priced and promoted in a way that makes it attractive to use,” said a December federal task force report lambasting the Canadian Payment System.
Devoid of innovation, the system is in danger of being left behind by the European Union and developing countries, reads the report, which was commissioned by Finance Minister Jim Flaherty.
Plastic bills, which the Bank of Canada introduced only five months ago, has been in Australian circulation for nearly 25 years. In Sweden, arguably the world's most cashless economy, public transit and even some banks have completely phased out coins and bills.
‘MintChip is better than cash, since you can use it online'
In a recent post, Bitcoin Magazine writer Vitalik Buterin called MintChip “a sign of things to come.” Nevertheless, he questioned MintChip's security, noting that “unhackable” chips had been hacked in the past with electron microscopes, needles and acid. “Such systems are nothing new, and time has shown them, like all other forms of digital rights management, to be far too insecure to build an economy around,” wrote Mr. Buterin.
“The Mint isn't saying they're creating a substitute for cash tomorrow — but something that can be used as such in pieces overtime,” said Ms. Chilton. “It probably isn't for our grandparents, it might not even be for us, it might be for our children.”
National Post, with files from Reuters
All the need-to-know info from Wednesday's 12-game slate.
Splash Gordon
Fournier finds Aaron Gordon for the wide open corner three to take a one-point lead!
46 seconds to go... @EvanFourmizz @Double0AG #Warlando pic.twitter.com/x9u9BuK2gn — #PaperMario STUFF (@PaperMarioWorld) November 2, 2017
Down two late in the fourth quarter against the Grizzlies, Aaron Gordon nearly asked for the ball in the post from Evan Fournier. Instead, he flared out to the corner where Fournier found him for a game-winning 3. Gordon was 2-for-4 from long range in on the night, and his season percentage from 3 is still a ridiculous 57.7 percent on more than four attempts per game. Air Gordon, who was a 28.9 percent 3-point shooter before this season, led the Magic to a 101-99 win with a long ball. Orlando is tied for the best record in the NBA. Welcome to 2017.
The B Stands for Buckets
JIMMY BUTLER IS JIMMY BUTLER pic.twitter.com/lu5jAm7gmt — Julian (@JulienMickaelD) November 2, 2017
This Is the Malik Monk We Were Promised
Ladies and gentlemen, the Malik Monk Show has finally made it to the NBA. The rookie out of Kentucky had been shooting below 30 percent from the field in his first seven games prior to Bucks-Hornets on Wednesday. But shooters shoot, and in a tied game at the start of the fourth quarter, the Monk we knew and loved in Lexington came to life. In just five minutes of the final frame, he poured in 18 points the only way he knows how:
MALIK MONK THE LAST 4:00
Make 21-ft
Make 25-ft
Make 25-ft
Make 27-ft
Miss 26-ft
Make 26-ft — Tom Haberstroh (@tomhaberstroh) November 2, 2017
Monk even survived his first heat check—a stepback fadeaway jumper with seven minutes left in the game that he missed but followed up with a driving floater just over a minute later. Monk finished with 25 off the bench, and the dent he had made in the game fueled the Hornets' 126-121 victory despite Khris Middleton's 43-point night.
Reunited and It Feels So Bad
Lance Stephenson and LeBron's extracurricular history is well-known, and on Wednesday, they got painfully reacquainted:
Lance Stephenson and LeBron meet again. This time, Lance gets all ball. pic.twitter.com/pzSSowCaQ4 — Rob Perez (@World_Wide_Wob) November 1, 2017
Ouch. Lance was issued a flagrant 1.
Tristan Thompson Injures His Calf
The Cavaliers announced that Tristan Thompson suffered a left calf strain, which was sustained during the second quarter of the Pacers-Cavs game. After trying to steal an inbounds pass on a Derrick Rose made jump shot, Thompson apparently tweaked a muscle and had to be helped off the floor. He wouldn't return to the game.
Видео "Tristan Thompson Ankle Injury / Cavaliers vs Pacers / Nov 1" (https://t.co/XQbc8rK5TB) на @YouTube добавлено в — STAY Highlights (@STAYHLS) November 2, 2017
For a team that has looked lost and lackadaisical on defense (the Cavs allowed 124 points in a 17-point loss to the Pacers) Thompson's potential absence will be a concern. The Cavs already don't have much depth and size up front. Cleveland may care only about what happens in the playoffs, but there isn't that big of a margin for error with this new-look roster. The team's chemistry can click only with a clean bill of health.
Ben Simmons Is a Force
Eight games into this season, Simmons is killing the small-sample-size metrics. He's showing every night why he's got the potential to be the next vanguard at the point guard position.
Simmons entered Wednesday's game against the Hawks averaging 18.4 points, 9.1 rebounds, and 7.7 assists. He finished with 19 points, 13 rebounds, and nine assists at home in a 119-109 win over Atlanta. Joel Embiid might be the once-in-a-generation talent, but the Sixers, for now, beat to Simmons's rhythm.
Joel Embiid was so excited about that win that we had to bleep him during his postgame interview with @MSullivanFrench. pic.twitter.com/Wg1sL5bhEF — NBC Sports Philly (@NBCSPhilly) November 2, 2017
Giannis Has Arms for Days
Get outta the way, Dwight! pic.twitter.com/cgSoKJ35Fz — Behind the Buck Pass (@BehindTheBucks) November 1, 2017
Great business decision, Dwight.
T.J. Warren Doesn't Want to Tank
The Suns were down by 20 points to the Wizards on Wednesday, but T.J. Warren would not let them lose.
POSTER TIME! TJ Warren with the slam, this could be the spark we need to put together a come back! #SunsAtWizards pic.twitter.com/hsJe22VjLu — Phoenix Suns (@Suns) November 1, 2017
Warren exploded for 40 points and led the Suns' comeback in their 122-116 upset over Washington. Of note: Since Earl Watson exited through that door, Phoenix is 4-1.
The Nuggets Are Alive
After a surprisingly rough start to what was supposed to be a breakthrough season, all the Nuggets needed to get right, apparently, was an altitude-fueled home win in which they put up their highest scoring total this season (129) on the Toronto Raptors (who scored 111). Paul Millsap scored 20 points in 26 minutes and looked liked the missing piece Denver expected him to be this offseason, while Nikola Jokic had eight points, 16 rebounds, and 10 assists.
Paul Millsap making me happy on the slip to pop. Jamal Murray making me very happy on the drift to the baseline. #MirrorTheDrive pic.twitter.com/nHs8Thin0u — Nicholas Sciria (@Nick_Sciria) November 2, 2017
More importantly, the Nuggets got contributions from two former first-round picks. Emmanuel Mudiay danced his way to 16 points and six assists off the bench, and Jamal Murray poured in an ultra-efficient 24 points in 21 minutes, for a whopping plus-35.
NBA History, Brought to You by Boogie Cousins
35 PTS, 9 REBS, 6 ASTS, 6 STLS, 3 BLKS, & 5 3s.
DeMarcus Cousins is the 1st player to have that stat line in #NBA history. — NBA.com/Stats (@nbastats) November 2, 2017
Naturally, the Pelicans lost by six at home to the Timberwolves, 104-98.
Donovan Mitchell Is Chucking (and Making)
When Donovan Mitchell played at Louisville, he wore Damian Lillard's Adidas shoes. It caught Lillard's eye. “I liked his game,” Lillard said.
Mitchell, who eventually signed an apparel deal with Adidas, went toe-to-toe with his shoe company counterpart and nearly matched him point for point in the Jazz's 112-103 overtime victory.
Mitchell had a career-high 28 points off the bench on 21 shots and in a career-high 35 minutes. Lillard countered with 33 points of his own, but thanks to Mitchell and Ricky Rubio's bizarre 30-point, three-3-pointer, one-assist performance, the Jazz pulled out the win at home.
What started as a calm protest outside Donald Trump's rally Tuesday erupted into fiery violence as protesters jumped on police cars, smashed windows and fought with Trump supporters and police.
Police faced such an angry crowd that they called in reinforcements from around the state, seeking to double their numbers to counter the protesters, whose numbers swelled beyond 600. Police said on social media that at least one person was arrested in “the riot” and that multiple officers were injured after being hit by rocks.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Many protesters tried to keep the peace. At one point, a young woman waded into a crowd of protesters who had shoved a man to the ground and kicked him. She and police eventually broke up the fight.
Other protesters stood between an agitated crowd and police, some in riot gear, to help calm the protesters. But the crowd remained unruly.
As the Trump rally let out, protesters hurled burning T-shirts and bottles at Albuquerque police officers on horseback standing guard at the Albuquerque Convention Center.
Police responded by launching smoke into the crowd, sending people running through the streets coughing and screaming.
Other protesters made their way to where the rally attendees exited the Convention Center near Civic Plaza.
Protesters and Trump supporters yelled racially tinged taunts at each other – “Go back to Mexico,” one young man yelled at protesters.
“Where's that white boy?” a protester called out at another point.
Drivers in passing cars revved their engines, and passengers hanging out the windows waved large Mexican flags. Groups of protesters wove in between the vehicles, yelling, “Viva Mexico!”
Men punched and shoved each other periodically as the night continued, though it wasn't always clear what, if anything specific, started the fight.
Scared children clung to adults weaving through the chaos. Two young men helped an older woman navigate the danger as she plugged her ears while engines revved and horns honked.
The beginning
Protesters started gathering at about 4 p.m. and held a family-friendly tone for a while until Trump supporters started walking along a sidewalk adjacent to the protest area. It tuned into what one police officer called “the gauntlet of hate” as protesters threw water and water bottles and waved signs while yelling angrily and often yelling profanity and aggressive taunts.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
A group of traditional native healers joined the protest and a passing Trump supporter yelled “you're a wetback” at them.
“Socialism never, capitalism forever,” one Trump supporter yelled at the protesters.
And some passing supporters told the protesters to “go back to Mexico.”
Others passing through the gauntlet felt scared and intimidated including kids whose mothers covered their ears as they walked by protesters.
Police eventually routed the Trump supporters away from the gauntlet. Shortly after, about 7 p.m., protesters broke through the barrier containing them in the protest area. And several minutes after that break, they toppled another barrier and rushed toward the Albuquerque Police Department's mounted horse unit.
The officers quickly responded on their horses, but one of the large animals slipped on the road and buckled to the ground. It wasn't clear if it was injured but it remained on the line for the remainder of the night.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Protesters then rushed the entrance of the Convention Center while vendors who had been in the area fled. Some protesters grabbed merchandise and promptly set it on fire. Small fires burned throughout the night.
They used their mounted horse patrol officers to move the crowd west and south away from the center.
While smaller, the crowd at this point was not calmer.
They threw large rocks and lit firecrackers at the police, at times striking and spooking the horses. They carried Mexican flags and yelled at the police in Spanish.
By the time the chaotic procession, which at one point knocked down part of a wooden apartment complex fence, reached Fourth Street and Silver, the crowd started to disperse.
By 11 p.m., police in riot gear continued to patrol the streets around the center, Civic Plaza and the final route of the protesters through Downtown.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Police did not return calls seeking information about arrests or injuries and a police spokesman said he did not have official information about the night.
By 11:30, about 120 Albuquerque and State Police officers and sheriff's deputies gathered in Civic Plaza to rest their feet, take off their riot gear and sit down to share stories over bottled water.
Journal staff writers Robert Browman and Elise Kaplan contributed to this story.
​Lots of folks might tell you that taxation is the first step towards legalization, but it ain't necessarily so. Back in the late 1980s and early 1990s, a number of legislatures passed laws establishing state taxes on illegal drugs — though very few people know about the taxes, and even fewer pay them. Nebraska, in 1990, was one of the states which decided to tax illicit drugs, and like most of the other state drug taxes, that law is still in effect.
Lincoln Journal Star. The stamp doesn't legalize the transport, yet it's illegal not to have it. People hauling drugs through Nebraska are required by law to buy stamps to affix on the packages, even though the drugs are illegal in the first place, reports Cory Matteson of the. The stamp doesn't legalize the transport, yet it's illegal not to have it.
Nebraska's drug tax stamps are actually pretty cool looking, for kitsch value alone. In what lawmakers must have imagined was a bold and thought-provoking design, the somber background is a tombstone marked “RIP” with the foreground featuring a skull and… not crossbones, but crossdrugs: a syringe and a fat joint.
“The 1990 Nebraska Unicameral passed and Governor Kay Orr signed LB260 establishing a state tax on illegal drugs,” said Deepa Buss, spokeswoman for the Nebraska Department of Revenue. “The intent of the law was to give law enforcement an alternative tool against drug dealers.
“If a prosecutor couldn't win a conviction for selling drugs, he might be able to send the suspect to prison for failing to pay the drug tax,” Buss said. “Or the prosecution could win a conviction on both charges, increasing the potential penalties.”
​In the past 20 years, 531 drug tax stamps have been sold from Nebraska's six regional Department of Revenue offices. “Purchasers of these stamps were presumed not to be drug dealers, but stamp collectors,” Buss said.
The stamps sell for $10, $50, $100, $500 and $1,000. Buss said she has no idea why the stamps were purchased; specific taxpayer information is strictly confidential, she said. That means the identity of the person who bought the only $1,000 drug tax stamp ever sold in Nebraska must forever remain a mystery.
Advertisement
The IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS) kicked off yesterday here in Tokyo with a keynote by the father of BigDog.
Marc Raibert, CTO and founder of Boston Dynamics, the company famous for robots like BigDog, AlphaDog, Petman, Atlas, Cheetah, and WildCat, gave attendees a peek at some of the projects that are keeping him and his engineers busy. Raibert, wearing his customary Aloha shirt, played several videos, including some that Boston Dynamics has not made publicly available. The footage and outtakes showing the company's robots walking, running, climbing, and jumping—and, occasionally, breaking and crashing—left the robot-loving audience ecstatic.
Alas, Raibert didn't allow photography or video recording during his talk. That means we won't be able to show you clips of AlphaDog rolling down a mountain. Or WildCat's hind legs accidentally self destructing. Or Petman nearly kicking an engineer in the groin. All we can show you is the terrible picture [above] that we snuck at the beginning of the talk (Raibert is that blurry little head on the right).
Overall it was a fascinating presentation—a rare look inside a secretive company that builds some of the world's coolest robots—so we thought we would share some highlights, along with videos Raibert showed that are publicly available (and that you probably have already seen in this blog):
"This is our dream"—Raibert started things off with a video of goats climbing a steep mountain, followed by footage of parkour runners leaping and maneuvering around obstacles. "This is our dream," he said, referring to the exceptional physical abilities of the goats and runners. To get there, Raibert explained that Boston Dynamics tries to combine three key things: robot behavior, dynamic control, and machine design. "The interactions between them are as important as these things themselves," he said. "Some people think that control systems can dictate behavior, but I don't think there's any dictating at all." Machines interact with the physical world and follow the laws of physics, he explained, and instructions from a control system "are just suggestions" on how the robot should behave. The result—how the robot performs in the real world—is often unpredictable and only experiments can show what works and what doesn't. "So we always try to think about the behavior, control, and design as one integrated thing."
"Here's AlphaDog doing some bushwhacking"—BigDog originated many projects at Boston Dynamics, Raibert said, and one of them was AlphaDog (officially named LS3), a massive quadruped designed to carry heavy loads in rough terrain. While BigDog could carry 125 lbs and had a range of 12 miles, the goals for AlphaDog are a payload of 400 lbs and range of 20 miles. The company also wants to make AlphaDog quieter and more autonomous than BigDog. Raibert showed video of the robot climbing mountains in the desert and walking through a thick forest. "Here's AlphaDog doing some bushwhacking," he said. Boston Dynamics is still working to reach the project's goals; the current version can carry more than 300 lbs and has a range of 15 miles. One interesting metric Raibert discussed was the mean time to failure (MTTF) for the robot. When the project started a few years ago, the MTTF was just 0.5 hour. Now they've improved that to 3.4 hours. Raibert said that's good progress, given the robot's complexity, but he hopes they can do better.
"I have a secret to tell you"—Raibert says parents aren't supposed to have a favorite child, but as a robot maker, he does have a favorite bot! And it's not BigDog. He said WildCat, the most recent robot unveiled by Boston Dynamics, is his favorite. WildCat is the successor to the Cheetah, the world's fastest running quadruped. Cheetah was attached to a beam that kept it stable on a vertical plane. After studying Cheetah's performance on a treadmill, the engineers built WildCat, which can run freely. Among the improvements, they were able to get more power from the robot's engine and succeeded in building an integrated hydraulics structure with no exposed cables. With control coming along well, Raibert said energy density and efficiency are the biggest challenges now (he didn't give much detail but said they're using an "exotic engine"). Last week, WildCat was able to achieve 19.9 miles per hour. Working on this robot, he said, is "a huge joy."
"Are humanoids a good idea?"—Raibert talked a bit about Atlas, the hulking humanoids that Boston Dynamics built for the DARPA Robotics Challenge. He showed videos of Atlas' predecessor, Petman, and how it evolved. Originally developed to test chem-bio protective suits for soldiers, Petman can walk, run, and do squats and push-ups. Atlas will have to do even more—the list of tasks for the DRC competition includes driving a vehicle, walking on rough terrain, climbing ladders, and using power tools. For such tasks, a humanoid body makes sense. But Raibert questioned whether that is always true. One of his slides read: "Are anthropomorphic/humanoid robots a good idea?" He's not so sure. It might make sense when you're testing a chem-bio suit, which is something that humans will have to use. But for many things, Raibert said he would "rather lead with functionality and design a robot that does the function." And if it comes out with a human form, great, but if not, we shouldn't see that as a problem.
Raibert ended his talk by saying that, when he was a professor, he used to write papers and count his citations. Now, as a company person, he doesn't care about papers—what he cares about are YouTube views. He's also a fan of BigDog spoofs, and there've been many (if you don't know what these are, watch the video below). Raibert is clearly proud that BigDog has accomplished things few other robots have, and that includes capturing people's imagination and becoming an Internet sensation.
An inquest into the death of Welsh gym owner Gerald Mellin has found the businessman decapitated himself in his Aston Martin DB7 after an argument with his estranged wife. According to the court, Mellin tied one end of a rope to a tree, climbed into his DB7 and wrapped the other end around his neck. Mellin then jammed the pedal down on the $173,000 car, driving into a busy main road, forcing other drivers to watch his horrific death. Police found his headless body still in the driving seat and his head on the back seat. But what caused Millen to kill himself with such heinous vehicular methodology?
Well, according to Mrs Mellin:
"We had split up and been to court. He wanted me to walk away from the farmhouse and the business and leave me with nothing...so we met in a pub after a court hearing and he started having a tantrum. As we made our way back to our cars he opened the boot and said: "There's my rope, that's what I'm going to kill myself with." I told him to grow up and give me the rope. But he just laughed."
Apparently, the court also ruled the day before his death that Mrs Mellin would be awarded an extra £100 ($192.00) a week in maintenance from her husband. Umm, talk about a low bar to set for suicide, right? [Daily Mail, Daily Star]
Slam!
Fox News' Martha MacCallum was on a roll this morning. She blasted the IRS for its wasteful and lavish spending as only she can.
38 million$ in 2010 on conferences – IRS, REALLY!! How do you even do that? — martha maccallum (@marthamaccallum) June 6, 2013
IRS needed conferences to address new practices and safety concerns – SERIOUSLY WE NEED A MULT MIL$ CONFERENCE FOR THIS? — martha maccallum (@marthamaccallum) June 6, 2013
Amen, Ms. MacCallum!
Twitter users agreed and praised Martha MacCallum.
https://twitter.com/KillLibs/status/342642947583524864
I may, or may not, have a small crush on @marthamaccallum. — Mike Mason (@MikeMason830) June 6, 2013
@marthamaccallum This is an outrage! They spent our hard earned money on parties!! — Donna B (@DonnaBr82566768) June 6, 2013
@marthamaccallum Elitists need elite accomodations with elite extras. You know that don't you ? lol — Ed Yeary (@radioedyeary) June 6, 2013
@marthamaccallum Wish I could have a mil or so to throw around…Oh, wait, that was my taxes, so I guess I did. — SDhousewife (@SDhousewife) June 6, 2013
https://twitter.com/PaulRever7/status/342642788162211840
@marthamaccallum And they conveniently can't find the receipts! — Steve Rutledge (@srutledgeUSMC) June 6, 2013
That's right. Receipts for thee, but not for me!
@marthamaccallum U C no value in Star Trek film? Don't U know it was Team Building. Don't U want them happy? Sarcastically I say. — LookUpFolks (@lookupfolks) June 6, 2013
A reminder about that disgrace:
ICYMI: MT @TwitchyTeam Mock Spock: Issa on what IRS division head was doing during wasteful conferences http://t.co/i3prrs6b0S — Michelle Malkin (@michellemalkin) June 6, 2013
Heh. Rep. Issa masterfully mocked that one.
And this Twitter user provides a possible answer for the multimillion dollar bashes.
Open bar? RT @marthamaccallum: 38 million$ in 2010 on conferences – IRS, REALLY!! How do you even do that? — Rschrim (@Rschrim) June 6, 2013
Zing!
MacCallum still kept her sense of humor even through her righteous anger:
@Radioman1017 / Oops! But he was great at raising kids I hear! — martha maccallum (@marthamaccallum) June 6, 2013
Never change, Ms. MacCallum!
Related:
Bam! Martha MacCallum after IRS testimony: Now we know where the Tea Party has gone
Slam! Fox News' Martha MacCallum calls out lapdog media with simple question
Fox News' Martha MacCallum blasts Holder, pathetic Daily Beast puff piece
Bam! Fox News' Martha MacCallum slams Obama admin with key question
- Dallas Love Field employees helped a little boy from Rockwall find his lost teddy bear.
The airport posted a “Special Lost Alert” on social media along with pictures of the boy's missing bear.
Tim Swofford said his 4-year-old son Luke's beloved bear was left on a bench outside the baggage claim area Thursday night. He was traveling with his grandparents at the time.
“After such a long day Nana pulled Teddy Bear out of the checked bag to comfort Luke (now way past his bedtime) while waiting on Granddaddy to get the car while seated outside baggage (door #1?) on a bench. Granddaddy arrived in the Honda Odyssey and while the car was being loaded Teddy must have got left behind,” he said.
Swofford said the boy's grandfather drove back to the airport later that night to look for the bear but couldn't find it. The family has been working closely with Love Field.
Parents of young children can understand how devastated this little boy must be without his favorite stuffed animal. Luke has had the bear since he was born, Swofford said.
SPECIAL LOST ALERT. Please help family find special Teddy Bear (see pic), lost at Love Field 7.20.17 at 8:45 pm curbside #dream maker. pic.twitter.com/NJIEvU8b1R — Dallas Love Field (@DallasLoveField) July 25, 2017
Luckily by Tuesday afternoon, airport employees were able to find the teddy bear. Lovefield Airport posted a short video on Twitter of an employee taking the bear to the lost and found.
Nikki/Tom, please let Luke know that we've found Teddy Bear! He'll be @ Lost & Found office waiting 4 his best bud! pic.twitter.com/oAfM1uWgDC — Dallas Love Field (@DallasLoveField) July 25, 2017
The boy was reunited with his teddy bear Wednesday morning.
Pictured: An instant morale booster
....who worked under the direct authority of Mayor McCheese
Weird, but still not out of the ordinary.
It's a good thing that she never saw one of these as a child.
This was allegedly when her first hypnosis session took place. As you might have already deduced, the "vitamins" were actually a sedative that was given to her through an IV . This was so that Jensen could more easily put Jones under his influence.
While under hypnosis, Jensen began to cultivate the Arlene persona into much more than a simple courier. Aside from her entire demeanor and speech patterns changing, she was also trained in hand-to-hand combat and various forms of espionage. She was even purposefully tortured in horrific ways to test and enhance her ability to withstand interrogation.
As if all that wasn't bad enough, the Arlene persona considered Candy to to be weak. Candy, on the other hand, knew next to nothing about Arlene, her training, or her opinion of her.
Breaking Bad‘s top cop is going Under the Dome.
Actor Dean Norris has landed the lead villain role on CBS' upcoming adaptation of Stephen King's bestselling novel.
Norris will play politician and car dealership owner James “Big Jim” Rennie, who seizes an opportunity to take control of his small town Chester's Mill when it's sealed off from the rest of the world by a mysterious transparent force field. The casting comes on the heels of CBS signing Pan Am actor Mike Vogel to play the show's main character, former Army officer Dale “Barbie” Barbara. Other cast members include Britt Robertson, who plays a local waitress, and Natalie Martinez, who will play an ambitious sheriff's deputy.
The signing of Norris concludes a lengthy casting search for the role, with James Spader and Don Johnson having circled the part in recent weeks. Those familiar with Breaking Bad and the Dome novel will probably agree that Norris is great fit for this character.
Norris plays DEA Agent Hank Schrader on the acclaimed AMC meth drama Breaking Bad, which is concluding this summer. His co-star and on-screen spouse Betsy Brandt landed on NBC's as-yet-untitled Michael J. Fox sitcom and Jonathan Banks was cast in NBC's Bloodline pilot.
The 13-episode first season of Dome will premiere on June 24.
Microsoft's $999 128GB Surface Pro has sold out in the online Microsoft Store in the U.S. (via WinBeta), just a few hours after going on sale today, February 9. The 64GB version is still available as of this writing, and the Surface Pro is still likely in stock at physical retail locations like Best Buy, where it also went on sale today, although checking the stock levels via their online tool reports the Surface Pro as “Unavailable” across the board.
The Surface Pro is Microsoft's more powerful, Intel-powered Windows 8 tablet, which runs the full version of Windows 8 unlike the Surface RT and can handle full-fledged Windows desktop applications. In the TC review, John Biggs said that the Pro was a much more compelling device than the RT, in part because of its ability to run software that enterprise IT departments depend upon from legacy windows installations.
The Surface RT sold out of the $500 32GB model within one day, but the Pro's more expensive model has sold out even faster. That could indicate that users are placing a higher value on storage with the Pro, which is marketed as a device much more suited to getting serious work done than the Surface RT. The 64GB model remains in stock for now, and given that there's only a $100 price difference to trade up to double the storage capacity with the 128GB version, that's not surprising.
Storage was recently the subject of a number of back-and-forth reports regarding the Surface, with some claiming Microsoft left little room on-device for personal files once you accounted for the Windows 8 OS install. Ed Bott reported earlier today on the actual storage numbers, which beat the original estimates by a fair amount, but the free space on the 64GB version still represents a 200 percent increase from the actual usable space on the base Surface Pro model.
The 128GB Surface Pro is still available to order from the Microsoft Store online in Canada as of this publication date, and you may still be able to grab one by visiting a physical retail location.
Sony has a new R&D project called the Future Lab Program, an effort to involve customers in the design process for eventual products. The program will "share concept prototypes with users while still at the development stage, and look to them for inspiration, leveraging their feedback to refine and evolve its projects," according to a press release.
The first of these concept prototypes is a wearable device currently referred to as N and hinted at in the mysterious video above. Sony says it has a "hands-free user interface that creates a new way of experiencing audio such as music and sound, allowing the user to receive audio information without having to insert any object into his or her ear." N will be shown off at SXSW next week along with some other Future Lab Program concepts, so we should be able to get a better idea soon enough.
The Future Lab Program is of a type with other recent experimental Sony initiatives like the Life Space UX series and the First Flight crowdfunding platform. We haven't seen any of these surface the next Walkman or PlayStation yet, but they represent a concerted effort from Sony to break away from commodified consumer electronics.
Karen Finney is the Strategic Communications Adviser and Senior Spokesperson for the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. She has long time connections both to Clinton and the DNC.
Prior to this we had seen DeRay McKesson, a BLM organizer, invited to Hillary Clinton's relaunch party.
Perhaps this is relationship should come as no surprise as they have a common benefactor. Hillary has received the support of George Soros, with at least a million from him in donations.
George Soros is also underwriting many of the organizations behind the Black Lives Matter movement, such as MORE. Many of the BLM organizers have received money or work in Soros-related organizations.
If you think through that lens, then the attacks on Martin O'Malley and especially Bernie Sanders seem to come into sharper focus. Bernie was first thought to be no threat, but he has been attracting massive crowds. So now suddenly he is being shouted off the stage by the BLM.
Bernie is a socialist fond of saying he walked with MLK, why would you be attacking him, one would think he would be most open to your radical thought.
Well, you would if your candidate was really Hillary and your benefactor was supporting her…
PoliZette New York Republicans Fight de Blasio Shred-Fest Lawsuit filed to prevent mayor from destroying records on city ID cards given to illegal immigrants
Lawyers on Wednesday will submit final written arguments in a fight over whether New York City can destroy records used to obtain city identification cards that Mayor Bill de Blasio touted as a way to support illegal immigrants.
The IDNYC cards are available to any city resident, but officials say many of the 988,066 people who have received them are illegal immigrants, who cannot obtain New York State driver's licenses. The cards allow residents to access city benefits and get free admission to city museums.
“They're destroying the documents that document the undocumented.”
Advertisement
In a panic over the election of President Donald Trump, however, the city announced on Dec. 7 that it would destroy its records as a preemptive move in case the new administration tried to get the records to aid deportation efforts.
“Our credibility is at stake with the immigrant communities that we work with,” New Immigrant Community Empowerment Executive Director Manny Castro told The New York Times.
That prompted Ronald Castorina Jr. and Nicole Malliotakis, a pair of Republican State Assembly members from Staten Island, to file Freedom of Information Act request and then a lawsuit. A judge temporarily ordered the city not to destroy the documents while lawyers argue the case. Those records include the documents that illegal immigrants used into order to obtain IDNYC cards.
“They're destroying the documents that document the undocumented,” said Jeff Alfano, a lawyer representing the lawmakers.
Alfano said his clients became concerned after the state's banking superintendent encouraged state-licensed banks to accept IDNYC cards as valid identification. He said his clients are not trying to obtain any personal information. But they would like to see the home countries of cardholders and the documentation they offered to obtain the cards, he said.
Advertisement
Documents accepted by the city included expired passports and expired military IDs — including even those from foreign countries.
“They want to at least be able to do some sort of study to see where these people are coming from and what ID they are using,” Alfano said. “You should want to know who you're giving access to the banking system.”
Alfano over the weekend sent a letter to members of Congress asking for a congressional probe.
“A former Democratic Commissioner to New York City's Board of Elections candidly admitted the IDNYC program opens the gates to massive voter fraud,” he wrote. “His remarks to an undercover investigative journalist sparked an inquiry by New York State investigators.”
[lz_related_box id=”280239″]
City lawyers argue that the state law does not require New York City to turn over the records sought by the legislators.
Advertisement
After the city denied the FOIA request, Castorina and Malliotakis got a temporary restraining order. An appellate court later kept the order in place, preventing the city from destroying records.
“New York City, despite its size, still has to act within the statutory framework of New York State,” Alfano said.
With the deadline now having arrived to submit final arguments, Alfano said he worries the judge might issue a quick ruling, giving the city a chance to immediately destroy the documents.
“There's a real possibility that the judge rules against us and the city could delete the information before we ever get to the appeals court,” Alfano said.
One of the nice things about dividends is that they're taxed at a lower rate than interest or other income.
Most people know that. What they may not know is that, depending on the province, it's possible for an individual with no other sources of income to earn nearly $50,000 in dividends without paying any tax at all.
How? Two words: tax credits. Specifically, the dividend tax credit and the basic personal amount available to all Canadians.
Story continues below advertisement
Today, we'll walk you through a sample calculation that illustrates how these two credits work together to make dividends such an attractive choice. First, let's brush up on the dividend tax credit, whose purpose is not well understood by many investors.
Explaining the DTC
When you receive a dividend, the money is paid out of the after-tax profits of the corporation. Because the company has already paid some tax, it wouldn't be fair to ding the shareholder in full a second time, right?
So the taxman came up with an ingenious – albeit confusing – solution: The gross-up and tax credit system. The purpose of this system is to give you "credit" for the tax the corporation has already paid.
Here's how it works. On your tax return, you are required to gross-up the dividend (for 2012 you would multiply it by 1.38). In effect, what you're doing is converting your dividend (on which corporate tax was already paid) back to an approximate amount of pretax corporate earnings.
The next step is to figure out how much tax you would theoretically pay on that grossed-up amount, based on your marginal rate. Finally, you would subtract the dividend tax credit, which is intended to compensate you for the tax already paid at the corporate level. The net result is what you would actually pay in tax.
For 2012, the federal dividend tax credit is 15.02 per cent of the grossed-up dividend; provinces also chip in their own dividend tax credits, ranging from 6.4 per cent in Ontario to 12 per cent in New Brunswick, according to Taxtips.ca.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Putting it together
Confused yet? Let's look at an example of the dividend tax credit in action and you'll see how everything comes together. We'd like to thank John Waters, head of tax and estate planning at BMO Nesbitt Burns, for providing the detailed calculations that follow.
Let's say you live in Ontario and, after years of diligently investing, you have amassed a dividend portfolio worth $1.2-million. Let's further assume your portfolio generates $47,888 in eligible Canadian dividend income, which works out to a yield of about 4 per cent, and that you have no other sources of income.
Your grossed-up dividend income would be $47,888 multiplied by 1.38, or about $66,085. This is the amount of income you would report on your return.
That sounds like a raw deal. Who wants to report more income than they actually made? But if you refer to the accompanying table, you'll see how this income results in a final tax bill of zero. The total federal tax of $11,549 (calculated at progressive marginal rates of 15 per cent and 22 per cent on the grossed-up dividend income of $66,085), is offset, to the dollar, by the basic personal tax credit and by the federal dividend tax credit.
Also note that, at income levels below $10,882, you're actually getting two credits working for you – the dividend tax credit and the basic personal credit. This one-two punch is what makes dividends so tax-effective, Mr. Waters said.
Story continues below advertisement
It's a similar story for Ontario tax. The basic personal credit and provincial dividend tax credit together amount to $4,704, which is actually more than the $4,447 in Ontario tax. Unfortunately these are non-refundable credits so you don't get any money back. You'd still have to pay $600 for the Ontario Health Premium, but that's a drop in the bucket.
What about other provinces? According to Mr. Waters, the amount of tax-free dividends ranges from $23,447 in Manitoba to $47,888 in other provinces including Ontario, Alberta, Saskatchewan, British Columbia and the three territories.
A taxpayer qualifying for other credits, such as the spousal, child or age amounts, might be able to earn even more dividend income tax free, he said.
This example is for illustrative purposes only, and Mr. Waters recommends consulting a tax professional to confirm the implications of your own situation.
It's also worth noting that, for all its advantages, the gross-up and dividend tax credit system is decried by some seniors because it creates "phantom" taxable income that can cut into government benefits.
Notwithstanding those concerns, the favourable taxation of dividends is a powerful reason to consider dividend stocks for your own portfolio.
Story continues below advertisement
-------------------------
Assume an Ontario resident individual earns $47,888 in eligible dividend income. Multiplied by the gross-up of 1.38, taxable income would be $66,085.
A robot zaps and vacuums up venomous lionfish in Bermuda. A helicopter pelts Guam's trees with poison-baited dead mice to fight the voracious brown tree snake. A special boat with giant winglike nets stuns and catches Asian carp in the U.S. Midwest.
In the fight against alien animals that invade and overrun native species, the weird and wired wins.
"Critters are smart — they survive," said biologist Rob "Goose" Gosnell, head of U.S. Department of Agriculture's wildlife services in Guam, where brown tree snakes have gobbled up nearly all the native birds. "Trying to outsmart them is hard to do."
Invasive species are plants and animals that thrive in areas where they don't naturally live, usually brought there by humans, either accidentally or intentionally. Sometimes, with no natural predators, they multiply and take over, crowding out and at times killing native species.
Now, new technology is being combined with the old methods — weed pulling, trapping and pesticides. Finding new weapons is crucial because invasive species are costly — $314 billion per year in damages in just the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, South Africa, India and Brazil. It's also one of the leading causes of extinction on islands, such as Guam, according to Piero Genovesi, an Italian scientist who chairs the invasive species task force for an international organization .
"We have totally new tools that were just unthinkable a few years ago," Genovesi said.
Case in point: There are companies that now market traps for wild pigs that are triggered by cellphones.
"There's enough activity that there's starting to be an industry," said University of California, Santa Cruz research biologist Bernie Tershy.
___
LIONFISH
A new underwater robot is targeting the stunning but dangerous lionfish , which has spread over the Caribbean, the Gulf of Mexico and up the U.S. East Coast as far north as New York's Long Island, with its venomous spines that are dangerous to touch. With no natural predator in the Atlantic, the voracious aquarium fish devour large amounts of other fish including key commercial fish species such as snapper and grouper. The robot is the creation of Colin Angle, chief executive officer of IRobot, which makes the Roomba vacuum cleaner. Along with his wife, Erika, and colleagues, he created a new nonprofit to turn automation into environmental tools.
The robot, called Guardian LF1, uses what Angle says is a gentle shock to immobilize the lionfish before they are sucked alive into a tube. In its first public outing this month, the robot caught 15 lionfish during two days of testing in Bermuda. Top chefs competed in a cook-off of the captured lionfish. Lionfish go for nearly $10 a pound and Angle is hoping to get the price of the robot down from tens of thousands of dollars to about $500.
"What's next?" Angle said. "Our ambition is much larger than lionfish."
BROWN TREE SNAKES
A few decades ago, native birds started disappearing from the Pacific island of Guam, baffling scientists until they found that non-native brown tree snakes were eating all the birds and their eggs. The snakes, which live in the trees, had no natural enemies and just trapping them wasn't working, Gosnell said. The snakes did prove to have one enemy: the painkiller acetaminophen, a generic form of Tylenol.
AP
So biologists came up with a plan : Use a painkiller pill glued to dead fetal mice as bait. The mice are put in tubes, and dropped by helicopter in batches of 3,000. The mice pop out, and the whole contraption dangles in the trees. It's still experimental but it will soon go to more regular use. There is one problem. Using dead fetal mice as bait is expensive and they have to be kept cold. But biologists are working on a solution: mouse butter. A new bait mixture smells like mice to snakes, but minus the expense and logistical problems.
ASIAN CARP
U.S. Fish and Wildlife officials are using souped-up old technology to catch Asian carp, a fish that's taken over rivers and lakes in the Midwest. They use a specialized boat — the Magna Carpa — with giant winglike nets that essentially uses electric current as an underwater stun gun to shock the fish, said biologist Emily Pherigo. At higher doses, the fish are killed and float to the surface. In just five minutes, they can collect 500 fish, and later turn them into fertilizer. Using electro-fishing was written about as a possible conservation technique back in 1933, said biologist Wyatt Doyle.
WILD GOATS
On the Galapagos islands, wild goats were a major problem. In less than five years, scientists wiped out tens of thousands with sterile "Mata Hari" females. Biologist Karl Campbell of the nonprofit Island Conservation introduced specialized female goats that researchers sterilized and chemically altered into a permanent state of heat, to lure the male goats into fruitless goat sex. Santiago Island, once home to 80,000 goats, is now goat free and larger Isabella Island is getting close, he said.
And now, Campbell and others are going one step further: Tinkering with the genes of mosquitoes and mice to make them sterile or only have male offspring . That would eventually cause a species to die off on an island because of lack of females to mate with. There are worries about regulating and controlling this technology, along with actually being able to get it done, so it is years away, Campbell said.
The SB Nation NHL Year in Review continues this Friday afternoon. We've looked at the most disappointing and surprising players, along with the teams that have shocked us in 2016.
Today brings to your screens the most disappointing teams of 2016. Whether they've been on a slow fall from grace or a sudden decline, or were once powerhouses in the NHL earlier in this calendar year, all of these teams have let us down in some way.
In the immortal words of Tyra Banks, we were all rooting for you, guys. Learn something from this.
Colorado Avalanche
A lot has gone wrong for the Avalanche this year. A disappointing 2015-16 season saw them fall to sixth in the Central Division with a 39–39–4 record. Head coach Patrick Roy resigned in mid-August, with differences in vision the key factor in his departure. A spark of hope was found in the hiring of Jared Bednar — the coach who took the Lake Erie Monsters to a Calder Cup championship in the AHL — but has since diminished with poor play.
Colorado sits as the league's worst team at 23 points, and for good reason. Its goaltending has a combined .905 save percentage through 31 games. Young captain Gabriel Landeskog, among others in the Avalanche talented core, is unable to score. The Avalanche also have the NHL's third-worst possession numbers, which they have yet to improve upon over the last several seasons.
Overall, it can easily be summed up like this.
The Colorado Avalanche 2016-17 summed up pic.twitter.com/axXQ1CyDED — Brady Trettenero (@BradyTrett) December 21, 2016
Big pieces are sure to be shipped off sometime this season in an attempt to salvage the year. It's quite a disappointment that Colorado hasn't been able to get such a glut of young talent to work.
Florida Panthers
There's still time for the Panthers to make the playoffs this season. Jaromir Jagr is pacing himself into the history books. Florida is just two points out of a top-three Atlantic Division spot, with a game in hand. And how can the Panthers possibly be a disappointment when we ranked them as one of the NHL's most surprising teams just 24 hours ago?
Well, despite a playoff appearance last season, not all is well for the team from Sunrise.
A front-office overhaul caused tension with head coach Gerard Gallant, who was fired last month after a loss to Carolina. The image of Gallant taking a cab outside of PNC Arena was overblown, but still not a good look. Then conflicting reports over whether Dale Tallon, president of hockey operations, was taking back his general manager duties suggests disarray within the organization.
On ice, the Panthers are missing Jonathan Huberdeau's 50-plus points thanks to a leg injury that's kept the 23-year-old forward out since the start of the year. Florida has regressed a bit in net after Roberto Luongo put up Vezina-worthy numbers last season.
All that, plus a lack of offense that has Florida floundering in winnable games, is very much unlike that juggernaut that surprised many last seasons.
Vancouver Canucks
An expected disappointment, but a disappointment nonetheless. The Canucks had a bit of hope in the form of a 4-0 start to the 2016-17 season, but quickly came back to earth with just 10 wins since October 20.
Bad decisions like the Loui Eriksson deal combined with already unmovable contracts like the Sedin twins have made it hard for the Canucks to rebuild. Vancouver is at the end of its contention cycle, and general manager Jim Benning won't let go of that one last glimmer of greatness. Benning and crew attempted to patchwork solutions to the Canucks' problems but most likely made Vancouver weaker in the long run.
Oh, and there's also this:
In the 2016 calendar year, the Canucks have been shut out 9 times without a shutout of their own. — Rob Vollman (@robvollmanNHL) December 19, 2016
New York Islanders
Oh, the Islanders. There's such potential there. John Tavares is a star, but his talents only go so far on a team that's been stuck in “ready to make that step” mode for the past few years. Andrew Ladd's acquisition to bring veteran scoring to the table has turned into a bust, with just seven points in 32 games.
Not to mention the Islanders' goaltending trio — the only one in the NHL — is underperforming, and the organization isn't willing to let one ride some games into a hot streak. While the rest of the Metropolitan Division has risen, the Islanders have surprisingly fallen to third-worst in the NHL.
A win streak likely saved the job of head coach Jack Capuano last month, but as the Islanders continue to fall, that job might just be next on the market.
Dallas Stars
Injuries and underwhelming goaltending performances can sum up 2016 for the Stars quite well. Much like how Steven Stamkos landed on our list of disappointing players, the Stars round out this list because injuries derailed the thing that makes them so great: their explosive offense.
Take a look at the Stars' list of injured players this season and you'll see a lot of big names. Jason Spezza has played 27 games. Ales Hemsky is out for another few months with a hip injury. Patrick Sharp has battled concussion issues, and up-and-coming youngster Mattias Janmark is out long term with a knee injury. And that's not even all of them.
Dallas also has a goaltending issue that's yet to be solved. While Antti Niemi has been league average in net, Kari Lehtonen is on track for the worst season of his 13-year NHL career with a .894 save percentage.
All that, plus the struggles of last year's rookie standout John Klingberg, have Dallas on the outside of the playoff bubble after winning the Central Division just a season ago.
Premier Gordon Campbell didn't bill it as the 10 Commandments.
But his economic address tonight was clearly designed to prevent two B.C. Liberal by-election candidates from wandering in the political desert for the next 40 years.
The timing of the premier's speech—which included 10 “key actions”—couldn't have been better for Arthur Griffiths and Dr. Margaret MacDiarmid, who are running as B.C. Liberal candidates in Vancouver-Burrard and Vancouver-Fairview, respectively.
On Wednesday (October 29), Griffiths squares off against New Democrat Spencer Herbert in the downtown constituency that Lorne Mayencourt held by a hair in 2005. MacDiarmid faces New Democrat Jenn McGinn in a west side constituency that Gregor Robertson narrowly won in 2005.
The Greens are running their leader Jane Sterk in Vancouver-Fairview, and their vice chair Drina Read in Vancouver-Burrard.
If the B.C. Liberals lose both by-elections to the New Democrats, it will give NDP Leader Carole James and her caucus tremendous momentum moving toward the general election in May, 2009.
Don't kid yourself. By-elections are important on the eve of a general election.
In 2004, the NDP won a landslide victory in Surrey-Panorama Ridge, which helped the party marginalize the Greens and eventually take 33 seats in the 2005 general election.
In 1981, the Social Credit won an upset win in Kamloops, which strengthened the party as it headed toward the 1983 general election.
A by-election win can motivate campaign workers, encourage donors to contribute more money, and influence subsequent media coverage.
Campbell's announced actions—which included a three-percent personal-income-tax cut retroactive to January and a 2.5-percent small-business tax cut effective January 1—were probably cooked up in part to give the B.C. Liberals a boost in the upcoming by-elections.
His promise to provide unlimited deposit insurance in B.C. credit unions (previously, deposits were guaranteed up to $100,000) is another vote getter for wealthier residents, many of whom are more likely to vote Liberal.
The problem for Campbell is that a by-election offers an opportunity to voters to express their disapproval of him without worrying about any change in government.
And for that reason, the premier's 10 Commandments probably won't be enough to roll back the NDP tide next Wednesday.
About 100 people gathered tonight in Southeast Portland for an event announced
on a flier as the "Anarchist General Assembly," described by leaders of the meeting as a planning session for tonight's eviction of Occupy Portland from downtown parks.
Participants affirmed goals of standing witness to police actions during closure of the parks and using "diversionary" tactics to pull police from the downtown area.
Most people at the assembly said they would be leaving weapons at home in the face of high numbers of police downtown tonight, though they discussed using "a diversity of tactics" that might include using physical violence.
They met for three hours in the dining hall of St. Francis Catholic Church near Southeast Pine Street and 12th Avenue.
»
»
»
"There should be space for peaceful protesters and space for more militant protesters," said Adrian Guerrero, a 21-year-old living in Southwest Portland.
"To be clear, anarchists have been with Occupy since the beginning," Guerrero said. "Some of the most involved people, some of the leaders of Occupy, are anarchists. It completely destroys the stereotype of anarchists as unorganized."
The group talked how anarchists should respond when police sweep the parks -- and how to weave anarchy into the movement in the aftermath of Mayor Sam Adams' deadline to clear Lownsdale and Chapman squares at 12:01 Sunday.
"This is an opportunity anarchists haven't had in a long time," said Matt DelPorto, 23, of Southeast Portland. "We want to take what happens and make something out of the ashes. People are together, and people are disenfranchised -- this is the time to move in."
The flier announcing the meeting said:
"This is a call to the anarchist and broader anti-authoritarian community to reconvene in assembly and continue to develop ourselves as members of a larger network here in Portland. In doing this we hope to establish new ties of solidarity and affinity as well as to cement those that already exist. Consider those relevant topics and ideas that you might want to discuss with a wide spectrum of anti-authoritarians."
-- Alison Barnwell
It's 3:22 in the morning and I'm fairly certain that I just had my first ever hot flash. I'm wrapped up in a blanket, I'm eating Chunky Monkey ice cream out of the Ben and Jerry's pint, and I have no idea why I am so freaking emotional. Is it the estrogen? Maybe. But maybe it's because Netflix just asked me, “Are you still there?” as I was watching the 23rd… no… 24th straight episode of Grey's Anatomy. Netflix is such a judgmental bitch, right ladies? I know it's probably just trying to tell me that maybe it's time to go to bed, and I get that. I am wasting away here with my eyeballs burning. But ever since that time I watched that documentary on porn, Netflix has never let me live it down with its “Suggestions for Tim”, so yeah, I have trust issues. Typical men.
I am 3 seasons in to Grey's Anatomy and at this point there is no turning back. I already know what a McDreamy and a McSteamy are and you can't simply unlearn that information. It probably made room in my brain by pushing out algebra or something but it's a price I am willing to pay for mankind. For you guys out there, I am about to fucking save your life. I am going to give you the Cliff Notes version of Grey's Anatomy so when your girlfriend or future girlfriend asks you to watch it with her, you can lie and say you already have. I'M SAVING YOU. You can buy me beer later. Let's get started.
So season 1 is like 10 episodes and it isn't really that bad. It starts off with this girl that looks like a younger Renee Zellweger waking up from a one-night stand. We learn that her name is Meredith Grey and she is 20-something even though she looks like she is in her 40's. Anyway, she wakes up from her one-night stand and tries to kick her conquest out of her house. The conquest is the detective from the Transformers movie that didn't have Megan Fox in it. Wait, you probably didn't see that either because of the Fox-lessness. Umm… It's Patrick Dempsey. He has literally not been in anything you would have watched willingly. Anyway, she kicks him out because she has to be at the hospital because it's her first day as a surgical intern. You know this because Meredith Grey is giving a voice-over throughout the whole show because as an audience we are supposed to learn a lesson each and every week. It's super dumb that Hollywood people think their audiences are retards. Sorry, handi-capable.
Anyway, Meredith goes to the hospital and is introduced to 4 other interns. Super ugly Asian girl who looks even uglier when she cries (Cristina), short dude who is like a pip-squeak younger brother (George), a jock like dude (Alex), and the pregnant blonde girl from Knocked Up. (Izzie). You will seriously not know these characters from anything else ever so if you need to Google them to see what they look like then I understand. Fast forward to the end of the episode and we find out Meredith's one-night stand at the beginning is actually a neuro-surgeon that works at the hospital and he will be her boss. Didn't see that shocker coming did you? (Where's my sarcasm font?) Anyways, they nickname him McDreamy. Oh, and her mom has Alzheimer's. I think that's important but not really.
Ok, so after the first episode nothing really happens until the season finale besides the ugly Asian doctor hooking up with her boss, Isiah Washington. You probably only know him from Ghost Ship. Anyways, the season finale ends with Renee Zelweger 2 finding out that Patrick Dempsey is married.
Cut to season two and three and we find out that McDreamy is actually in the process of getting divorced from this red headed girl who always looks pissed. She was Ferrell's wife in Kicking and Screaming. We find out that the reason for the divorce is because she cheated on him with a plastic surgeon who was also his best friend. Anyways, the plastic surgeon comes to town to win her back. They nickname him McSteamy because he's a pretty good looking dude. Anyways, Meredith fucks George, then George gets an STD, Izzie fucks Alex who actually gave the STD to George because they both fucked a nurse, Izzie then fucks Sam and Dean's dad from Supernatural, he dies because Izzie tried to give him a new heart, the black doctor is shot, the Asian doctor ugly cries, Alex fucks McDreamy's wife, McDreamy's wife fucks McSteamy again, then McDreamy again, then Meredith fucks Robin from Batman and Robin, but chooses McDreamy, Coach Taylor from Friday Night Lights blows up, there's a dog that they name either Doc or Dog introduced somewhere around here, the dog dies, the Asian doctor ugly cries again, another doctor is introduced that eventually marries George but not before fucking McSteamy. Izzie then fucks George and then McDreamy's ex-wife goes off to do her own show I haven't watched yet, the chief of the hospital is revealed to have fucked Meredith's mom, Meredith is in some kind of accident where she drowns, the Asian doctor ugly cries, Meredith's mom dies, then her stepmom dies, the Asian doctor ugly cries because she's going to marry the black doctor, and Meredith fucks McDreamy again. Following that?
Ok, that's where I am. The Asian doctor that ugly cries is getting married. I have been told that this is just the beginning to this fucking train wreck of a show and that it gets even crazier. I personally cannot wait! Yeah you read that right. I think this show is ridiculously cheesy and over the top and so many bad things happen to these idiots that it's ridiculous, but it's so addicting. If anything, this show should be aired at new employee orientations to spell out the downfalls of interoffice relationships. I can't wait for the inevitable deaths of some of these characters because I know damn well that they can't continue to fuck each other without one of them getting in a plane wreck or trampled by an elephant or something ridiculous like that.
This is getting really long for a blog post so I'm just going to end this here. I will have a part two when I binge watch 3 more seasons. Fuck you Netflix.
Type your email address in the box and click the "create subscription" button. My list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time.
Manners, decency, even morality are one thing – free speech is another. So the federal court of appeals March 21 ruling that lying about one's military record is protected free speech, rankles many who respect the special currency of a military medal, badge, or honor.
At issue is the Stolen Valor Act (SVA). Until it was enacted in 2006, you could hold up a medal, say you were a war hero and, as long as you didn't actually pin it on, no law was broken. The SVA closed that loophole by making it a crime for anyone to falsely state – "verbally or in writing" – that they hold such honors.
In two of the 60 or so cases brought exclusively under the SVA, courts in Colorado and California challenged the act's constitutionality on free speech grounds. The California case – involving Xavier Alvarez, of Pomona, Calif., a public official who said at a public meeting in 2007 that he was a retired marine who had received the Medal of Honor, even though he never served in the military – went on to the US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, which last month upheld the initial ruling: Despicable, yes. Criminal, no.
More than a quarter of the 26 active judges dissented, paving the way for federal prosecutors to take it to the Supreme Court.
Decorated Vietnam veteran Doug Sterner, who was instrumental in getting the SVA enacted, maintains it is not only just, but useful: "Over the last five years, I would estimate that Stolen Valor investigations have uncovered somewhere between 5 and 10 million dollars in fraud against the Veterans Administration. And that's just the cases that I'm aware of."
Critics of SVA, however, think it should be scrapped, acknowledging that free expression makes for a messy public square. Referring to past Supreme Court rulings, 9th District Chief Judge Alex Kozinsky argued it was hard to understand how lying about being a military hero was "so much worse than burning an American flag, displaying a profane word in court, rubbing salt into the fresh wounds of the families of fallen war heroes.…"
Target announced today an expanded partnership with Google that, among other things, will allow consumers to shop Target across the U.S. via Google Express, including by voice. The deal will also see the two companies working together more closely in the future in a number of areas, including the integration of Target's own payment card, REDcard, into Google's shopping platform, support for store pick-ups via voice and more.
The news follows a similar announcement from Walmart in late August, which saw the retailer — Amazon's biggest rival — partnering with Google on voice-based shopping. With the Google Home device, Google represents these retailers' best shots at finding a way into consumers' homes in a market where Amazon Alexa-powered smart speakers now dominate.
But Target believes shopping by voice won't necessarily be tied to an in-home device like the Echo or Google Home.
“Who knows if these specialized devices will even exist in a few years' time?,” says Target's Chief Information and Digital Officer Mike McNamara, somewhat optimistically. “Or whether it's a piece of software than runs on your TV or on your telephone.”
He adds that most people will probably interact with the voice-shopping feature by way of Google Assistant on their smartphone — a feature Google is also announcing today.
Already, people can shop by voice using a Google Home smart speaker or Google Assistant Android TV, but in the near future, shopping via Google Assistant will arrive on eligible Android phone and iPhones.
While voice-based shopping may be the buzzier news this morning, the partnership represents an expanded relationship between the two companies overall.
Target had previously been testing Google's home delivery service, Google Express, only in select markets in California and NYC. Today, it's making that service nationally available across the continental U.S.
The expectation is that consumers will largely use Google Express to pick up their everyday essentials — like more LaCroix, which happens to be the most-ordered item in San Francisco, or Goody hairbands — the most-ordered item in L.A.
That means there will be some overlap between Google Express and Target's own quick delivery service, Target Restock. But Target Restock on its own couldn't leverage Google's voice computing platform, so Target is essentially placing its bets on Google.
“When it comes to technology and things like natural language processing, Google will lead the way,” says McNamara. “I'd love to have all of Google's capability around these deep engineering things, but frankly our world is more about making sure we have the right products in the right stores at the right time.”
To use the voice-shopping feature, customers can say something like “OK Google, reorder Market Pantry cereal from Target,” to add items to their list.
In addition to going live nationwide on Google Express, Target's REDcard debit and credit card will become available as a payment option for Google Express shoppers in 2018, which has the added benefit of allowing Google Express to display to shoppers the REDcard discount (5 percent on most purchases and free shipping).
Next year, Target shoppers also will be able to specify they want to pick up their orders at their local store (within 2 hours) instead of opting for delivery.
For now, however, shoppers can use Google Express to add Target products to their list, taking free delivery when they meet the order minimum. (This will be the same as on the web, which is $35 for any payment method, or $25 for REDcard holders.) If you need something shipped immediately, you can opt to pay the delivery fee instead if it's less than those amounts.
Target and Google say they also will work together to design other digital experiences for voice shoppers, particularly in areas Target focuses on, like home, apparel and beauty. Details are light on what this means, but it involves data sharing.
That is, Google will receive information about a customer's purchase history, meaning it will know things like what size of clothing the customer wears, among other things.
“Having that data directly available through the Assistant — that's where you get into the convenience,” says McNamara.
“We take privacy very seriously,” adds Daniel Alegre, Google's President of Global Partnerships. “The sizing information will come from Target, once you link your account…but we personalize the results for the user based on what we know about the user, then we link with the data that Target has,” he explains.
That means Google Express users will see personalized shopping results from Target in the future when they make specific requests.
Shopping Target via Google Express is today available across the U.S., and it's available within Google Assistant on Android TV and Google Home, with smartphone support added soon.
IU and Suzy might be appearing in Kim Soo Hyun's upcoming film “Real.”
According to a source, Suzy and IU are anticipated to appear in the upcoming film, which is set to release next year. So far, the film has confirmed Kim Soo Hyun, Sulli, Sung Dong Il, Lee Kyung Young, and Lee Sung Min as part of the cast.
“Real” is a mystery-action-noir film about an amazing problem-solver (played by Kim Soo Hyun), who lives in a flashy city and handles the requests of those in the city's underground. Kim Soo Hyun will be starring in two different roles, with the first one being the problem solver, and the second being Jang Tae Young, an ambitious man who dreams of controlling the city through his casino business. Sully will be playing rehabilitation therapist Song Yoo Hwa, who Jang Tae Hyung meets at a VVIP rehabilitation ward.
Are you excited about this upcoming film?
Source (1)
Kobe Bryant said Carmelo Anthony is the hardest player in the league for him to guard. (Jeff Gross/Getty Images)
New York Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony's reputation as one of the most gifted players offensively just got a ringing endorsement from a guy who knows a thing or two about scoring.
Los Angeles Lakers guard Kobe Bryant said this week that Anthony, currently in the midst of an MVP-type season as he leads the new and improved Knicks to the top of the Eastern Conference, is the hardest player for him to guard. The comments are a slight, perhaps, to Miami Heat forward LeBron James, who has no doubt taken his game to the next level by winning his first NBA championship last season.
The comments come just as Bryant and his struggling Lakers take their talents to Madison Square Garden on Thursday night with the hopes of handing the Knicks their first home loss of the season. According to The New York Post, citing an interview Bryant had with ESPN reporter Stephen A. Smith, Carmelo Anthony is an absolute "bull" for Bryant to defend but nonetheless, a fun challenge:
Image copyright Airbus Image caption OneWeb aims to broaden internet access across the world
European aerospace giant, Airbus, is going to build the world's largest satellite constellation.
The company will produce 900 spacecraft for OneWeb, a British Channel Islands-registered concern that aims to broaden internet access to the underserved.
More than 600 satellites will initially be launched, with the rest held as spares.
The deal was announced at the Paris Airshow.
The multi-billion-dollar OneWeb constellation will dwarf any previous commercial network in the sky by a factor of 10.
Airbus will be the "industrial partner" on the project. And the role represents an immense challenge, because Airbus has made its name on some of the world's highest specification and most expensive telecommunications platforms.
In contrast, its workflow for OneWeb will have to be high volume at an extremely low cost.
Step-change in thinking?
Each satellite is expected to be about 150kg is size, and OneWeb was reportedly looking for a price per unit of less than half a million dollars.
Airbus says it will make the first 10 spacecraft at its Toulouse manufacturing facility before shifting work to a dedicated plant in the United States.
Many rockets will be required to get the constellation in orbit, and that is likely to involve Richard Branson's Virgin Group. As well as sitting on OneWeb's board, Sir Richard is also developing a satellite launch system based on his tourist spaceplane concept.
Airbus would not give a formal interview at the airshow but issued a statement from its head of space systems.
“This partnership is a fantastic new chapter in our space story,” said François Auque.
“Teaming with OneWeb with a requirement to produce several small satellites each day has inspired us to develop innovative designs and processes that will dramatically lower the cost in large volumes for high performance space applications.
“Without doubt, this programme is challenging but we're ready for it because we have leveraged resources and expertise across the entire Airbus Group.”
Image copyright Airbus DS Image caption French President François Hollande (L) and Airbus Group CEO Tom Enders (C) meet Greg Wyler (R)
OneWeb is led by Greg Wyler, and the American entrepreneur was pictured meeting French President François Hollande at the Le Bourget showground.
Mr Wyler started the O3B satellite network a few years ago. This is a 12-spacecraft constellation providing “backhaul” telecommunications services, also in broadband-underserved countries.
But Mr Wyler's OneWeb venture is a step-change in thinking.
The plan envisages 20 planes of low-orbiting satellites connecting to small user terminals on the ground. These terminals would act as hubs, linking phones and computers.
Satellite constellations, it has to be said, have a rather chequered history.
Even some of today's big players, like satphone service providers Iridium and GlobalStar, got themselves into enormous financial trouble when building their first-generation networks.
OneWeb will have to raise hundreds of millions of dollars to maintain a venture that will not be fully operational for some years.
Money was not mentioned in Monday's Airbus announcement. The description of the company as an "industrial partner" suggests it will be investing some of its own cash in the project. It did say that no launches were envisaged before 2018.
Investigative reporter and Fox News contributor Lisa Daftari spoke at the Heritage Foundation on Feb. 20, 2015. (CNSNews.com/Penny Starr)
(CNSNews.com) – Iranian American Lisa Daftari, an investigative journalist and contributor to Fox News, said on Friday that Sharia law is being followed by practitioners of radical Islam right here in the United States, even if many Americans think of the human rights abuses towards women by these practitioners as something that only takes place in the Middle East and Africa.
“And some might ask why should Americans care about what goes on in those countries?” asked Daftar, whose family fled Iran during the 1979 revolution that overthrew Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and established an Islamic state in the country. “How about tolerance for other practices; respect for Sharia law – the cultural and religious differences?
“Well the answer is it's not just contained to that part of the world,” Daftari said. “It's here.
“It's in Europe. It's in our cities. It's in our places of work. It's in our schools,” Daftari said. “Yes, Sharia law is here in the U.S., and this too is a war on women.”
Daftari, who spoke at the Conservative Women's Network at the Heritage Foundation, focused her remarks on what she said is “the real war on women,” including “honor killings” that have taken place in the United States.
“Every year, about 26 women are killed in the U.S. by a relative in the name of family honor,” Daftari said.
She cited two such killings. On Jan. 1, 2008, a man shot his two teenage daughters, Amina and Sarah Said.
“It later came to light that these murders were premeditated as honor killings as retribution for [Amina] rejecting an arranged marriage to a man in Egypt,” Daftari said.
In an essay written in September 2014, Amina's boyfriend, Joseph Moreno, said the couple hoped to marry and that the father has never been arrested and his whereabouts are unknown.
“In 2011 an Arizona judge sentenced an Iraqi man to more than 34 years in prison, Daftari said. “He ran over his 20-year-old daughter because he claimed she'd become too westernized.”
Faleh Hassan Al-Maleki was found guilty in the killing of his daughter Noor, according to an article posted on AZCentral.com.
Daftari said radical Islam is also being promoted by Muslim groups on college campuses in the U.S., based on her investigative reporting on the phenomenon.
Daftari cited other examples of human rights abuses against women around the globe that she said represent “the real war on women.”
“The real war on women is about the millions of women throughout the Middle East and the continent of Africa who are forced to undergo genital mutilation,” she said. “In 2013, 3.6 million were mutilated in these parts of the world. In Somalia, FGM (female genital mutilations) is at 99 percent.
“That means nearly every single woman,” Daftari said.
“The real war on women is about the many religious minorities who stand firmly behind their faith and beliefs in Muslim-dominated countries – Christians, Jews, Bahi's and others facing minority taxes, imprisonment, persecution,” she said.
“The real war on women is about the women of Iran who cannot dress as they want, dance as they want, attend the schools or obtain the jobs that they want,” Daftari said. “They cannot file for divorce, even from a violent spouse, and even if they do, custody of all their children will go to the husband.”
Daftari also cited the case of a 26-year-old Iranian woman who was jailed and eventually executed because she fought back against the man who raped her.
Signage for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is displayed at one of the company's stores in the Luohu district of Shenzhen, China, on Tuesday, Dec. 17, 2013. Foreign direct investment climbed 2.4 percent last month from a year earlier, the Ministry of Commerce said. Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg via Getty Images
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world's largest retailer, has recalled donkey meat sold at some outlets in China after tests showed the product contained the DNA of other animals, the U.S. company said.
Wal-Mart will reimburse customers who bought the tainted "Five Spice" donkey meat and is helping local food and industry agencies in eastern Shandong province investigate its Chinese supplier, it said late on Wednesday in official posts on China's Twitter-like Weibo. The Shandong Food and Drug Administration earlier said the product contained fox meat.
The scandal could dent Wal-Mart's reputation for quality in China's $1 trillion food and grocery market where it plans to open 110 new stores in the next few years. China is the largest grocery market in the world and is set to grow to $1.5 trillion by 2016, according to the Institute of Grocery Distribution.
"This is another hit on Wal-Mart's brand, meaning wealthy shoppers will start to lose the trust they had before," said Shaun Rein, Shanghai-based managing director of China Market Research (CMR) Group. CMR estimates Wal-Mart's market share fell from 7.5 percent to 5.2 percent over the last three years.
Donkey meat is a popular snack in some areas of China, although it only accounts for a tiny fraction of overall meat consumption. In 2011 China slaughtered 2.4 million donkeys, according to country's livestock industry yearbook.
TRACK RECORD
Wal-Mart, French grocer Carrefour SA, McDonald's Corp and KFC-parent Yum Brands Inc among others, have come under fire before in China over food safety issues, a sensitive topic in a country riddled with scares from a fatal tainted milk scandal to recycled "gutter oil" used for cooking.
Wal-Mart said it had set up an investigation team to look into the incident, would strengthen food safety rules and take legal action against the product supplier. It added the person in charge at the supplier factory had already been detained.
"We are deeply sorry for this whole affair," said Wal-Mart's China president and CEO, Greg Foran. "It is a deep lesson (for us) that we need to continue to increase investment in supplier management."
The U.S. retailer has had a troubled past in China. In 2011, China fined Wal-Mart, along with Carrefour, a combined 9.5 million yuan ($1.57 million) for manipulating product prices. Wal-Mart was also fined that year in China for selling duck meat past its expiry date.
Food safety scandals can have a significant impact in China. Yum has struggled to recover sales in China more than a year after a chicken supplier to KFC in the country was found to have used excess levels of antibiotics. Analysts, though, said the impact of the current scare would be far more subdued.
Wal-Mart, which operates more than 400 facilities in China, competes with market leaders Sun Art Retail Group Ltd and China Resources Enterprise Ltd, which in August teamed up with British retailer Tesco Plc.
Consumers on popular microblogging site Sina Weibo were at a loss whether to criticize Wal-Mart or support it. Online sentiment can spread quickly in China where there is a high proportion of social media users.
"Isn't fox meat more expensive than donkey meat anyway?" asked one bemused user.
($1 = 6.0539 Chinese yuan)
Sept. 17, 2015, marks the opening day of the Nashville Predators Training Camp. Scant roster moves have been made over the summer, but that's not to say that this year's iteration of the Preds won't look somewhat different. There appears to be little change at goaltending or at defense. However, there are three forwards who may change the dynamic up front. Below I highlight these three:
Nashville's first pick from the 2014 Entry Draft, young Kevin Fiala is the one player who could make the biggest impact. He is a talented and confident playmaker who comes with above-average determination baked right into the recipe. He wasn't required to, but Fiala spent the entire summer in Nashville so that he could train under the supervision of Predators Strength and Conditioning Coach David Good. In doing so, the young Swiss-born forward added 18 pounds of muscle mass, which at the end of the day, makes him quicker and sturdier, in spite of the fact he's just 5-foot-10.
Watch out for Fiala; remember his first NHL game during a late-season call up last year? Things happen when the kid's on the ice; the puck finds him.
Former Buffalo Sabres forward Cody Hodgson was one of the Predators' few summer transactions. Presented with a challenging list of available free agents, General Manager David Poile took a modest risk on a player who is just two seasons removed from a year where he registered 44 points, including 20 goals. Hodgson knows he holds a golden opportunity to parlay this year into another strong, multi-year contract if he clicks in Nashville. Keep your eye on the athlete with the greatest motivation to perform! (See Mike Ribeiro, 2014-15).
Assuming Hodgson gets off on the right foot, this former first-round pick should slot in at third-line center. You can appreciate the impact a player like Hodgson could have to the club's fortunes if he can contribute at or around 30 points. That's nearly twice the output Nashville got from the “three hole” last year. Conservatively, that translates into another three to five wins for the Predators.
Jarnkrok may be under the most pressure to retain his spot for none other than the two reasons mentioned above. Should either Fiala or Hodgson – or both – have strong camps, Jarnkrok may get frozen out. Do the math. Hodgson is most likely earmarked for the third line center spot, meaning Jarnkrok could move to the wing to assist. However, if Fiala has his way and he makes the club, Jarnkrok is in a tough position. The one saving grace for the young Swede is coach Laviolette's preference to carry five centers. Injuries dictate roster moves and you like to have the luxury as a team of being able to carry an extra forward who can play the middle.
To Jarnkrok's further credit, he made the most of his offseason. He too appears to have returned to camp a bigger, stronger athlete, a trait that may allow him to better compete with opposing defenders and generate more in the offensive end. There's everything to like about his game in the defensive end. It's at the other end the Predators need him to step up and provide more offensive depth.
In any event, lots to watch for as these and other hopefuls battle over openings in this year's lineup. See you at the rink.
AT&T isn't bringing back its beloved unlimited data plans, but it's doing a better job of taking care of its customers who've held onto those plans for dear life. The carrier announced today that it won't throttle down their data speeds until they consume 22 gigabytes worth of data in one billing cycle and also happen to be in a congested part of AT&T's network. That's a huge step up from before, when it would slow down unlimited data users when they hit 5GB of usage. AT&T was widely criticized for its "not quite unlimited" data plan. But even though it's extinct now, the carrier is still under fire from the FCC, which threatened to fine it $100 million over the unlimited throttling practice. Today's news is basically just shifting the throttling needle, but it's a big enough move that many people will likely never reach the new limit, which might appease the FCC. AT&T says it will also alert customers when they reach 16.5GB of data usage (75% of 22GB), to give them a heads-up.
Stephen Harper used the final stop in his annual northern Canadian tour to champion a project that would harness wind energy to help power a massive nickel mining operation in Quebec's Nunavik region.
Remote communities and industry such as Xtrata Nickel Inc.'s Raglan Mine are dependent on diesel-based energy generation today.
The Harper government has given $720,000 to TUGLIQ Energy Co. and Xstrata Nickel Inc. to study the feasibility of integrating wind energy into an existing diesel-based electricity system in Nunavik.
Story continues below advertisement
The proposed system would generate energy from wind and store surplus wind energy through hydrogen, providing a stable and sustainable source of energy at Raglan Mine.
If the plan works, a clean energy project could be operating at the mine by March 2016.
"Canadians ... expect that Canadian resources will be developed with future generations in mind ... in ways that make sensible use of energy and respect the environment," Mr. Harper said.
"If this technology works here in the way we hope it will, the implications for power generation across the North are enormous. In other words, it could be a 'Eureka!' moment."
This project is one of the 55 that aim to produce and use energy in a cleaner, more efficient way. Support is being provided through Natural Resources Canada's ecoENERGY Innovation Initiative.
Raglan Mine, located in the sub-arctic permafrost of Northern Quebec, was brought into production in 1997. Raglan employs almost 1,000 full-time workers, many of whom come from local communities.
While mainline churches in America seem to be lining up these days to divest from Israel, the Episcopal Church's Presiding Bishop condemned the boycott. “The Church does not endorse divestment or boycott”, Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori just told a Los Angeles group. “It's not going to be helpful to endorse divestment or boycotts of Israel.”
The Episcopal Church has two million members and 7,200 churches in the US and is part of the 77-million member Anglican Communion. Because of the relative wealth of its members, and its connections to the Church of England throughout the world, the Episcopal Church is in a strategic position to influence attitudes toward Israel on both a national and global scale.
Anti-Israel Blood, money and Jews Giulio Meotti Op-ed: Muslim, Western states fund modern-day blood libels against the Jewish state Blood, money and Jews
first Intifada , the mainline churches have become increasingly hostile to Israel, viewing Arab violence as a legitimate grassroots rebellion by “oppressed natives” against Israel's “colonial conquests” of Palestinian lands. All five of the mainline denominations in the United States – Methodist, Presbyterian, Episcopalian, Lutheran and United Church of Christ – have debated or adopted policies intended to divest or boycott Israel.
These Churches are now at a crossroad. During the upcoming General Conference of the United Methodist Church scheduled for April 25 in Tampa, Florida, and the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church USA (June 30 in Pittsburgh,) anti-Israel actions in the form of boycott, divestment or sanctions are expected to be brought to the floor for a vote. The strategic objective of this campaign is not economic. It has been and continues to be about the isolation and the weakening of Israel's image in the eyes of the world — and most crucially, America.
Apologists for Arab rejectionism
Often identified as supporters of Israel, Pentecostal Churches are now being targeted by BDS activists from the Evangelical camp. The Society for Pentecostal Studies just gathered in Virginia, where it screened “Little Town of Bethlehem,” a film with a virulent anti-Israel message. “World Week for Peace in Palestine,” an initiative of the World Council of Churches, will be observed May 28 to June 3.
Elsewhere, BDS initiatives will be promoted at the World Council of Churches, the world's largest Protestant organization, claiming to represent more than 560 million Christians and 349 churches in more than 110 countries. A General Synod of the United Church of Christ, the same denomination of President Barack Obama, debated multiple strongly worded resolutions against Israel (one comparing Israel to South Africa's apartheid regime.)
Historically, if one surveys the American presidents and secretaries of state, one finds that with very few exceptions, they all come from these Churches. The Rockefellers, the Vanderbilts, the Carnegies and the landed aristocracy of America are found in these churches. If to divest and boycott campaigns will be adopted by these Churches, it will have severe consequences in many other Christian quarters around the world.
In Australia, the National Council of Churches last year passed a motion backing the boycott. In Europe, most of the Churches adopted BDS. The national Church of Sweden promoted a boycott of Israeli goods. Archbishop Karl G. Hammar, heading the Swedish Lutheran Church, has been among the first Western Protestant leaders to call for a boycott.
The official Lutheran State Church is also a source of anti-Israeli attitudes. In 2010, the International Advice Council of the Church of Norway, the highest Church authority in Norway, decided to call for a full boycott of Israel. In 2007 the Protestant Church in the Netherlands reexamined “policy of solidarity with Israel.” The Church of Scotland considered a divestment at its general assembly. The British Methodist Church has also seen a number of resolutions against Israel passed in recent years.
With 26 member Churches, the South African council has endorsed an “academic and cultural” boycott of Israel. If BDS won't be rejected, the global Churches will become unabashed apologists for Arab rejectionism, wrapping genocidal violence against Israelis in the mantle of innocent suffering and caricaturing the Jews as a divinely forsaken people, superseded in God's favor by Christian “New Israel,” stripped of any right to a land or a future.
This doctrine was key in fanning the flames of the Holocaust, which could not have happened without 2,000 years of anti-Jewish Christian polemic. The future of Jewish-Christian relations is now at stake.
Giulio Meotti, a journalist with Il Foglio, is the author of the book A New Shoah: The Untold Story of Israel's Victims of Terrorism
Sandstorm lets university IT be the hero
By Asheesh Laroia - 06 May 2016
Picture yourself running a university IT helpdesk. When professors come to you, you point to the tech tools your colleagues have already deployed. It takes a long process to get something new approved. You know that's been limiting professors' creativity, but you haven't known what to do about it.
Then one day, Sandstorm comes along.
Now educators are empowered to help themselves. They can make course websites with Ghost, teach students how to typeset documents using ShareLaTeX, or create shared folders for classes using Davros. They can even use GrooveBasin to set up a collaborative radio station for a music history course.
All that happens on your Sandstorm server, running safely within the institution.
Can you help spread the word?
Néna Nguyễn just finished designing a page with the information educators need about Sandstorm. I'm writing because I need your help reaching educators and technologists to share it with.
Can you think of an IT staffer or professor who is wondering how to get access to a wider variety of software available at their institution? If so, please send them a link to https://sandstorm.io/go/education. I just sent it to the head of IT at my alma mater's CS department.
If they ask you about security or privacy, you can tell them that Sandstorm is self-hostable open source software, integrates with LDAP/SAML single sign-on, and automatically mitigates 95% of security issues, before they are even discovered. For more on Sandstorm's security design, read our security practices documentation.
Thanks!
Nintendo And Grezzo Announce New IP Ever Oasis, An Upcoming 3DS Action RPG
By Sato . June 15, 2016 . 1:18pm
Mana series creator Koichi Ishii and his development company Grezzo, who also made Majora's Mask 3D, are working with Nintendo on a new IP called Ever Oasis, which will release for Nintendo 3DS in 2017.
About Ever Oasis:
From the team behind The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D comes a daring new adventure that expands on everything RPG fans love about the genre. As a chosen Seedling, your mission is to build a prosperous oasis by working with your partner, Isuna. Meet and ally with members of other tribes to complete your mission, while battling against the Chaos threatening peace in the desert. Battle enemies in real-time combat as you switch between three party members and explore a savage desert. Forage for materials in caves and puzzle-filled dungeons to earn dewadems, which are used to grow new shops and even grow gear!
Every Oasis Features:
Dive into a new take on the Adventure RPG genre in a brand-new IP.
Explore a savage desert, deep caves, and puzzle-filled dungeons.
Forage materials to make productions at shops, or synthesize equipment and items at your treehouse.
Complete missions to recruit new villagers, each with their own shops, weapons and abilities, then bring them exploring/foraging.
Earn dewadem, currency, over time as shops sell their wares to build new Bloom Booths.
Developed by GREZZO Co., Ltd, the team behind The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D.
Battle wildlife that are possessed by Chaos and other enemies in real-time combat, while actively switching between party members.
Immerse into a beautifully crafted world inspired by Egyptian culture/mythology.
The above is a look at the game's debut gameplay video that was shown during the live stream.
Ever Oasis will release in 2017 for Nintendo 3DS.
100 Degrees in Winter
Magnum, Oklahoma, saw temperatures close to 38 degrees Celsius (100 degrees Fahrenheit) last week. This would be nothing exceptional in the tropics on a summer day, but this spike occurred in the Northern Hemisphere in the dead of winter. In fact, this weather was so extreme it broke a daily record in the state, which had an average February high of 13 degrees Celsius (56 degrees Fahrenheit) prior to this phenomenon.
Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin issued an emergency burn ban due to the sweltering heat, but a grass fire that caused some residents to evacuate their homes still broke out. Temperatures have since returned to the normal range for the region.
Proof of Climate Change
Fire hazards aside, most would normally welcome a rare warm February. However, it should be noted that such extreme shifts in temperature are very unusual during the winter, and they tangibly illustrate the effects of climate change on our environment. Warm temperatures during traditionally cold months are enough to disrupt and destabilize the natural ecosystem. The balmy weather may prompt trees and flowers to bloom, only to suffer frost damage when the temperatures return to normal. That may seem like a very minor thing, but it can have a ripple effect on the industries that are dictated by the seasons, such as agriculture.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Republican Sen. John Thune was on Fox News' Studio B program trying to sell the talking point that healthcare reform would raise premiums but host Shep Smith would have none of it. Smith went off, “That's not true, senator. That is not true that is not what the CBO said. I know your talking points. I know the other side's talking points…”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters:
Thune said, “Republicans are not going to buy into a bill that costs two and a half trillion dollars, that raises taxes on small businesses and individuals, that cuts Medicare, and at the end of the day raises premiums for most Americans.” This answer set Smith off, “No, it doesn't. That's not true, Senator. That is not true. That is not what CBO said. I know your talking points. I know the other side's talking points, but can't we just say look we've got to do something in this country. This is going to bankrupt us, and you people up there who are supposed to be representing us are making it perfectly clear, you are going to sit in your corners with your own talking points, and we are going to lose. We're going to get nothing, and it's clear we're not.”
I don't know if Smith was more upset about Thune's obvious lie about reform causing premiums to increase, or the fact that his guest spent the entire segment mouthing GOP talking points. Smith did go on to predict everybody being even more divided if Democrats pass the bill through reconciliation, but in my opinion, as it stands there is no political unity in this country right now anyway, so Democrats have more to gain from passing the bill than they do from no bill at all.
The shelf life on the Republican healthcare talking points expired last fall. This is why the anti-reform forces have been losing momentum. I think it is very clear that come hell or high water, the Democrats are going to get this bill through the Senate.
Shep Smith is correct though. While the Senate is locked in a test of wills, 14,000 people lose their access to healthcare every day. The politicians have lost touch with the issue, and this is why I think it is going to be a long election night in November for incumbents of both parties.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Police said Wednesday they were astonished to find at least 14 wild black bears guarding an illegal marijuana growing operation after a recent raid on the property in westernmost Canada.
Royal Canadian Mounted Police Sergeant Fred Mansveld said police believe two growers arrested in the raid had used dog food to lure the animals onto the remote property in southeastern British Columbia, to deter marijuana thieves.
Police commonly find dogs, human guards or booby-traps on Canadian marijuana growing operations or “grow-ops.” In comparison, these bears did a very poor job as guard animals when five policemen arrived.
“They were tame, they just sat around watching… at one point one of the bears climbed onto the hood of a police car, sat there for a bit and then jumped off,” said Mansveld.
He said the officers involved in the July 30 raid were all familiar with wild animals, and while wary, were not afraid of the bears once they realized the animals were not aggressive.
Black bears are common throughout Canada, and except in the cases of mothers with cubs, usually live solitary lives in the wilderness. It is against provincial law to feed them.
By feeding them, said Dave Webster, a conservation officer with the provincial government who launched an investigation of the case on Wednesday, the marijuana growers delivered “a death sentence for the wild animals.”
Webster told AFP “tame” bears are dangerous, because once they?re fed they commonly seek out other people, frequently destroy property, and in very rare cases attack or even kill people.
“If a bear is deemed to be a safety risk and is habituated to human food and not able to feed itself in the wild, it will be destroyed,” he explained.
Police, citizens or conservation officers kill untold hundreds of so-called “nuisance” bears annually throughout Canada.
“It's killing animals by kindness,” said Mansveld. “It?s terrible, a real shame.”
Mansfield said when police entered the house on the property, “we also found a pot belly pig and a little raccoon sleeping on the bed… it was friendly, it tried to climb one officer?s leg.”
However this scandal plays out — Full Tilt and its executives have denied wrongdoing — the Internet poker debate is now stretching from the tables of Las Vegas to the halls of Congress. (PokerStars is reimbursing American players, and Absolute says it plans to do so shortly; PokerStars denies that it broke laws, and Absolute said it would not be appropriate to comment on the case.)
In a bid for legitimacy, poker sites and players are pushing for the federal government to legalize, regulate and tax online poker. Big-name casinos, sensing opportunity, have thrown their weight behind the idea. Pushing back are conservative Christian groups like Focus on the Family, which argue that such a step would put a federal seal of approval on Internet gambling, with potentially disastrous consequences.
Could online poker go legit? It might sound crazy, given the uncertain future of online poker in general, and of Full Tilt in particular. (The French investment firm Groupe Bernard Tapie has agreed to buy Full Tilt, provided that the site's legal troubles are resolved). And yet Big Poker and its fans say the best way to safeguard players would be to give Washington a piece of the action. Prying the game out of the dark recesses of the Web could yield many billions of tax dollars for public coffers, these people say.
The push to legalize the game comes despite a federal law that tried to curtail online gambling in 2006. Banks and credit card companies are basically prohibited from processing payments from online gambling companies to individuals. But many legal experts say the law is murky, and the industry is itching to expand.
Whatever the qualms about online gambling — nightmare situations, real and potential, are many — Uncle Sam is leaving a lot of money on the table. Over 10 years, legal online gambling could generate $42 billion in tax revenue, according to the Congressional Committee on Taxation.
Photo
An estimated 1.8 million Americans played online poker last year, and some make a living at it. Because of the legal issues in the United States, online card rooms typically base their computer servers elsewhere, in places like Costa Rica or, in the case of Full Tilt, in the Channel Islands.
Online poker fans, including some with money frozen in accounts at Full Tilt, are among the most vocal proponents of legalization. “It's the only industry on earth that is clamoring for the U.S. government to impose regulations,” says Bradley Cole, an online poker player in Oxford, Miss. Mr. Cole said he had about $5,000 in his Full Tilt account on Black Friday.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Oddly enough, Internet gambling is already legal in the nation's capital. Earlier this year, the District of Columbia became the first jurisdiction in the United States to legalize it. Officials there said they hoped the move would bring in $13 million to $14 million a year in tax revenue. But Washington may only be the start. Several bills now working their way through the House of Representatives would give online poker the run of the country.
IN five-card poker, there are 2,598,960 possible hands. A four-of-a-kind is dealt once in about 4,000 hands, a royal flush once in 650,000. And yet aficionados say poker isn't really a game of chance. Instead, they argue, it is a game of skill — of mathematical probabilities and human psychology, played with artful direction and misdirection. The answer to this one question — chance or skill? — may well set the course of the multibillion-dollar business of online poker.
Alfonse M. D'Amato, the former three-term senator from New York, is a longtime poker buff and chairman of the Poker Players Alliance, a trade group that lobbies on behalf of poker players. In an op-ed article in The Washington Post in April, he sharply criticized the Justice Department for corralling Full Tilt and the other sites. He argued that online poker has never been explicitly outlawed, in part because, unlike, say, craps, the outcome doesn't depend purely on luck.
His views have been echoed — and amplified — by the online poker world and its friends in Washington.
“It's not dice,” Representative Joe Barton, a Texas Republican, says of poker. “It's not just randomly watching where the roulette wheel stops.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
He continues: “It's people who can think and analyze probability and analyze their opponents.”
Last March, before Black Friday and the scandal at Full Tilt, Representative John Campbell, a California Republican, introduced a bill that would legalize online gambling. But it's Mr. Barton's bill, introduced in June, that industry experts believe has the best chance of passing because it focuses specifically on online poker. Representative Barney Frank, Democrat of Massachusetts, has supported online poker for years. He says that, if anything, the scandal at Full Tilt has only strengthened his resolve to legalize it.
So, despite the imbroglio over Full Tilt and, in many ways, because of it, confidence is building that Washington will deal poker a winning hand.
“It's no longer a question of if, it's a question of when it will be passed,” says Jim Ryan, the co-chief executive of Bwin.party, which owns the poker site PartyPoker.com. Groups like Focus on the Family say legalizing online gambling would be a huge mistake. For some people, gambling becomes an addiction, these groups argue, and the Internet makes it easier for many more, including those who are underage, to pick up the habit.
Chad Hills, who analyzes the gambling industry for Focus on the Family, says the skill-versus-chance argument is nonsense. True, players can improve their game with practice and so on — but the cards ultimately determine who wins and who loses.
Photo
Not even the best players “can tell you what the next card flipped over is going to be,” Mr. Hills says. “If you regulate it, you're cracking the door open for one of the largest expansions of gambling ever in the history of the United States.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But poker advocates question how politicians could say no to billions of dollars in potential tax revenue, particularly in tight economic times. Besides, many states have already embraced gambling, in the form of popular lotteries. “It's a political no-brainer,” John Pappas, executive director of the Poker Players Alliance, says of legalizing and regulating online poker.
IN recent years, online poker has spawned its own subculture. Some avid players have even turned to the game in the hope of supplementing their income in lean times. Others have made poker their full-time job.
Brian Mogelefsky previously worked at his father's mortgage brokerage firm in Northport, N.Y. But when the housing market crashed, he turned his poker hobby into an occupation.
At one point, Mr. Mogelefsky says, he was making about $5,000 a month. He uprooted his wife and two small children and moved to Charlotte, N.C., to hold down his living expenses.
Then came Black Friday.
“I was in complete shock,” says Mr. Mogelefsky, who says he has $29,000 frozen in an account at Full Tilt. “I felt completely blindsided.”
Smaller poker sites, such as Bodog, Merge and the Cake Poker Network, have been hoping to pick up players. But Mr. Cole, down in Mississippi, for one, is reluctant to sign up. “I'm worried about the feds going in after another site,” he says.
Others have found creative ways to stay in the game.
Olivier Busquet, who says he has earned about $2.5 million since he started playing poker professionally six years ago, says he had about $100,000 in his Full Tilt account and about $50,000 in PokerStars on Black Friday. PokerStars reimbursed him, but he's still waiting for his money from Full Tilt.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
To get around the American blockade on real-money games, he flew to Toronto, opened a bank account there and leased a furnished apartment. Then he kept playing.
Other diehards are considering similar moves. In fact, one poker player started a new business, PocketFives Poker Refugees, which helps poker players set up temporary residences and bank accounts in countries like Canada and Costa Rica.
For years, the casino industry lobbied against online poker. But its resistance appears to be waning. Wynn and MGM, for instance, are now behind the legalization effort. Several casinos are in discussions to either form their own online gambling sites or team up with existing ones. Wynn has announced a partnership with PokerStars, although the agreement was on hold after Black Friday. There is chatter on Wall Street that Wynn is also eyeing Bwin.party for a possible acquisition.
AND so the poker world now finds itself in a situation many liken to Prohibition. America didn't stop drinking when the government outlawed alcoholic beverages in 1919. And, in this Internet age, it won't be easy to prevent people from gambling online, whatever the government says. “It's a game of whack-a-mole,” says Behnam Dayanim, an expert on online gambling and a partner at the Axinn Veltrop & Harkrider law firm. “They've whacked three very large moles, but over time, more moles will pop up.”
“I didn't tell Hillary to have a private server at home, connected to the Clinton Foundation," Colin Powell writes. | Getty Powell in leaked email: 'I didn't tell Hillary to have a private server at home' By Eric Geller By | 09/13/16 10:03 PM EDT
Former Secretary of State Colin Powell vented to his associates earlier this year about Hillary Clinton's attempts to rope him into her defense of her email practices, according to alleged leaked messages reviewed by POLITICO late Tuesday.
“I didn't tell Hillary to have a private server at home, connected to the Clinton Foundation, two contractors, took away 60,000 emails, had her own domain,” Powell said in one Feb. 4 email to former Reagan White House chief of staff Kenneth Duberstein, in the latest cache of hacked communications among top Washington insiders to emerge in the heat of this year's presidential campaign.
Story Continued Below
. .
In a separate email that day to Condoleezza Rice, who succeeded him as George W. Bush's secretary of state, Powell wrote: “Been on the phone and email all afternoon. Hillary and In a separate email that day to Condoleezza Rice, who succeeded him as George W. Bush's secretary of state, Powell wrote: “Been on the phone and email all afternoon. Hillary and Elijah Cummings have popped off.”
Two days later, Rice wrote back, “I don't think Hillary's — ‘everyone did it,' is flying.”
On another occasion, Powell complained in an email to Lawrence Wilkerson, his former chief of staff.
"HRC and her mishandling of this has really given her a major problem I do not wish to get involved in, despite the best efforts of her team to drag me in," Powell wrote on Sept. 7, 2015.
POLITICO obtained access to these and other Powell emails from a group calling itself DC Leaks. Security experts have POLITICO obtained access to these and other Powell emails from a group calling itself DC Leaks. Security experts have connected DC Leaks to an ongoing Russian government cyberattack campaign targeting U.S. political institutions and state election offices.
A Powell spokeswoman did not respond to an email asking if the leaked messages were authentic. But Powell didn't challenge a separate set of leaked emails published Tuesday by BuzzFeed, A Powell spokeswoman did not respond to an email asking if the leaked messages were authentic. But Powell didn't challenge a separate set of leaked emails published Tuesday by BuzzFeed, telling the news site: “I'm not denying it.” (In those emails, BuzzFeed reported, he called Donald Trump “a national disgrace.”)
Clinton's repeated attempts to invoke Powell's track record at the State Department has proven a persistent source of irritation during the controversy over her use of a personal email server while she was secretary.
Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, had issued a Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, had issued a statement on Feb. 4 defending Clinton's private email setup by pointing to Powell and Rice's use of personal email accounts — where, he said, they “received classified national security information.”
The revelation about Powell and Rice's email accounts came in a memo from the State Department inspector general to Patrick Kennedy, the department's under secretary for management.
“I warned them three days ago to be careful with the memo, it was political dynamite,” Powell wrote in the email to Rice. “So the IG of the [intelligence community] gets it and immediately ships it to the Hill and from there to the media.”
Rice also said that the “Wall Street Journal had an excellent editorial this morning,” presumably referring to one published online the night before under the headline “ Rice also said that the “Wall Street Journal had an excellent editorial this morning,” presumably referring to one published online the night before under the headline “ Clinton's False Email Equivalence .” The subtitle of the editorial was, “Hillary tries to wrap Powell and Rice into her email security breach.”
The Powell emails that Cummings highlighted in his Clinton defense were not classified at the time that Powell received them. The department upgraded them as it reviewed all former secretaries' personal email histories in response to the Clinton controversy.
In an email to Duberstein, Powell complained about the State Department IG memo mislabeling the messages.
“Stupid State Department dragged me in and I had to take care of myself,” he wrote. “I warned them. Don't say these unclassified messages are classified or should have been classified.”
On Feb. 17, perhaps hoping to show Powell that the department was making this clear, Kennedy forwarded Powell a transcript of State Department spokesman John Kirby's explanation of the classification upgrade. “It's not unusual to upgrade a document following a classification review,” Kirby had told reporters on Feb. 5.
Months later, Powell mocked the campaign's efforts to use him as a precedent for Clinton's behavior.
“HRC campaign continues to say u did it too,” Duberstein wrote to Powell on May 25.
“They dig their hole deeper,” Powell responded. “A number of columns have shot down the comparison.”
Danbury High School science teacher Kayla Mooney, 24, has been charged with sexual assault and distributing alcohol to a minor.
A 24-year-old science teacher at a Connecticut high school has been charged with sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor after allegedly having sexual contact with a male student, authorities say.
Kayla Mooney, a teacher at Danbury High School, turned herself in to police around 5 p.m. Tuesday. Police said they began investigating her conduct when high school administrators contacted them last month.
Authorities haven't elaborated on the allegations against Mooney, but school officials said they contacted the Department of Children and Families on Feb. 10 to report "inappropriate conduct" between a student and teacher.
According to the Hearst Connecticut Media Group, Mooney had sexual contact with a male student.
Mooney was arrested and charged with second-degree sexual assault and distributing alcohol to a minor. She was released on a promise to appear and is due in court the morning of April 14.
Danbury police said the school system notified them the same day.
"We want to alert you that we were informed this afternoon that one of our high school teachers has been arrested for inappropriate actions with a student," school officials said in a voicemail to parents Tuesday. "We wish to assure that we are taking every action to maintain a safe environment for all of our students."
Danbury mother Gail Williams said the arrest is concerning, but added that she thought the school will handle it appropriately.
"I have confidence in the school that they will handle it, that they will behave appropriately, that they will keep parents informed and I hope they will put measures in place to make sure this doesn't happen going forward," she said.
Mooney has been on paid administrative leave since last month. The Danbury Board of Education said Mooney is a science teacher at the high school but declined to comment on the investigation.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
I've been trying to stick to a schedule of having a fitness related post on Friday's, but now that I'm in the home stretch of this pregnancy I don't have much else on my mind. So this means that in the coming weeks I will be posting a lot of pregnancy related topics. As soon as this baby is born fitness will be a top priority as I get my body back into pre-pregnancy shape!
Some women love being pregnant, but in my experience I think they are the exception not the rule. Here is a list I put together with the help of my mommy friends about what first time moms usually find out the hard way during pregnancy. I hope it puts a smile on your face like it did mine 🙂
You will feel hung over every morning…without the fun from the night before. It is not morning sickness…it is morning, noon and night sickness. I'm thinking a man coined this term. You will experience extreme fatigue like never before. You will become a raving lunatic at times thanks to fluctuating hormones. Your ability to be reasonable and rational becomes unavailable. You cry when your husband forgets your favorite doughnut, and the tears flow for a while. You might pee on yourself when you cough, sneeze, laugh, or maybe for no good reason at all. Your belly will become communal property. Constipation will be an issue. You'll never celebrate a successful poop the way you will when pregnant. For most women, commercials and Hollywood are lying to you. You will not glow, you will not have beautiful hair, you will not have an abundance of energy, and you will not prance through fields with the sun shining down on you. One word…hemorrhoids. Nobody mentions this until It's too late. Lack of sleep doesn't start when the baby is born, it begins with conception. You will most likely wake up in the middle of the night with the WORST leg cramp in your calf that is so intense you will jump out of bed immediately and scream in agony. Heartburn will make you feel like a fire-breathing dragon. Spare underwear is now a necessity in your purse. You will develop “gas issues” like a man and it can strike at any moment. Pregnancy brain does exist. You will forget things and become a clumsy mess. You will need an obnoxious amount of pillows in an effort to get comfortable at night. Your body becomes an open ground to discuss and it's annoying. Sometimes when the baby moves it looks like you have an alien growing in your stomach, and it's weird. You will look 6-7 months pregnant when you leave the hospital…but now it will sag!
Now after ALL of these things (and after labor and delivery, which we didn't even get into), I promise it all becomes so so worth it when you hold your baby in your arms for the first time and you will most likely do it all again…maybe even a few more times. It must also be true that the hormones cause you to forget :)!
Comment below on anything that I've missed!
I hope you all have a great weekend!
Advertisements
A host of new releases this weekend failed to make any impact on “The Jungle Book”'s comfortable lead at the top of the Chinese box office. “The Huntsman: Winter's War” opened in third spot with a $10.3 million take that was roughly half the size of its debut in North America.
In a slow weekend, “The Jungle Book” topped the chart on every day of the session. It had a narrow lead on Friday, but doubled that score on Saturday and Sunday, confirming its appeal to family audiences. That gave it a $29.8 million weekend and an $99.5 million cumulative after 10 days, according to data from Ent Group.
Youth skewing romantic drama “Yesterday Once More” came second throughout and finished the weekend with $14.7 million after three days.
“My New Sassy Girl,” a Chinese-Korean sequel to decade old Korean hit “My Sassy Girl” was a disappointment. It attracted only $3.81 million in three days.
Hong Kong-produced comedy, “Buddy Cops” arrested only $2.07 million for fifth place in its opening weekend.
“London Has Fallen” earned $1.45 million in its third weekend, advancing its 17 day total to $50.9 million.
Japanese drama. “Flying Colors” earned $630,000 in seventh place, moving its cumulative score to $5.2 million after 11 days.
Opening in eighth place was Chinese-made romance “Insomnia Lover” with a score of $300,000.
Chinese action comedy “Chongqing Hotpot” added $260,000 in ninth spot, expanding its cumulative to $56.9 million after 24 days.
Tenth was Chinese animation “Ma Xiaole And His Toys.” It played with $200,000 in previews ahead of a full release on April 30.
SAN FRANCISCO — From locker rooms and sex education classes to dress codes and overnight field trips, many U.S. public schools already are balancing the civil rights of transgender students with any concerns that classmates, parents and community members might have.
The U.S. Department of Education is drawing on those practices to guide other schools as they work to comply with the Obama administration's directive that transitioning children be treated consistent with their gender identity.
That has been the policy since 2013 of the Arcadia Unified School District in Southern California. As part of a settlement with the federal departments of Justice and Education that became the foundation for the national mandate issued Friday, students may use the bathroom, locker room or wilderness cabin that corresponds with their recognized gender outside school, Superintendent David Vannasdall said.
"This is absolutely not about a student on a day-to-day basis saying, 'Today I'm a boy, tomorrow I'm a girl.' That has never happened," Vannasdall said. "By the time these students are at a point where they are asking for our help, they are presenting in all areas of their life as that gender."
The administration had warned schools before Friday that denying transgender students access to the correct facilities and activities was illegal under its interpretation of federal sex discrimination laws. But the new guidance, for the first time, offers advice for accommodating the privacy needs of nontransgender youngsters.
the new guidance, for the first time, offers advice for accommodating the privacy needs of nontransgender youngsters
Citing guidelines adopted by Washington, New York, the District of Columbia and Atherton High School in Louisville, Kentucky, President Barack Obama's Education Department said schools could erect privacy curtains in changing areas, permit all students to make use of single-stall restrooms or work out other case-by-case arrangements as long as the burden doesn't rest exclusively on transgender students.
"The concerns for right to privacy and safety of children applies to every single child, including the transgender child," said Atherton's principal, Thomas Aberli, who faced community opposition when he first allowed a transgender freshman to use the girls' restrooms two years ago. Since that first student, about a half-dozen more have come out as transgender, Aberli said.
The new guidelines come in the form of two documents — from the Departments of Justice and Education — that explain federal sexual discrimination laws and provide examples of how other schools have worked to support transgender students.
"The documents address common questions – like how to handle educational records of transgender students and how to address harassment of transgender students," the U.S. Department of Education wrote in a statement. "They also highlight sensible ways that school around the country have been able to address concerns from other students and parents without infringing upon transgender students' civil rights."
Asaf Orr, a lawyer who directs the Transgender Youth Project Staff at the National Center for Lesbian Rights, said the guidance could help temper the transgender rights backlash that the restroom issue has engendered in states such as North Carolina by showing that minority rights and privacy rights can co-exist if schools respect all students' need to be comfortable.
Today we released guidance to ensure that every student is in a school environment free of discrimination. https://t.co/d0OzeSRZ0K — US Dept of Education (@usedgov) May 13, 2016
At least 13 states and the District of Columbia prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender identity in schools. Hundreds of school districts, from Anchorage, Alaska, and Tucson, Arizona, to Fairfax County, Virginia and Chicago, have adopted similar protections.
Nearly two dozen state high school sports federations have adopted rules governing the participation of transgender athletes on competitive teams, including the ones in South Dakota, Maryland and Nevada.
In Portland, Oregon, Lincoln High Principal Peyton Chapman recalls the "challenging times" about seven years ago when a transgender student who identified as female transferred there after being bullied at her previous school. The student made the cheerleading squad and "bathroom and locker rooms became an immediate issue with the cheerleading parents," she said.
An anti-bullying campaign that focused on the difference between sexual orientation and gender identity diffused the situation, Chapman said.
Thanks to .@CivilRights & .@EDCivilRIghts school districts & admin have all the info they need to affirm #trans kids in schools — Asaf Orr (@AOrrEsq) May 13, 2016
"Some students may be uncomfortable with it, but we can't let some people's discomfort violate other people's civil rights," she said.
But there was a high level of discomfort as soon as the directive came out, with officials in several states saying they would defy the administration. The rallying cry was against what Mississippi's Republican governor said was the federal government's "forcing a liberal agenda on states that roundly reject it."
While the guidance is not legally binding and the Supreme Court may ultimately decide whether federal civil rights law protects transgender people, schools refusing to comply could face lawsuits from the government and a cutoff of federal aid to education.
schools refusing to comply could face lawsuits from the government and a cutoff of federal aid to education
Even in areas of the country where such policies enjoy broad support, putting them into practice can be complicated.
The Connecticut Interscholastic Athletic Conference allows transgender students to play on teams that match their gender identities. Since the policy took effect in 2013, a few transgender boys have played on boys' high school teams, said Karissa Niehoff, the group's executive director.
Niehoff said that since the state has a policy prohibiting boys from playing on girls' teams, a transgender girl would be allowed to play on a girls' team, but not a boys' team. She said students are allowed to establish eligibility to compete under a different gender once during their school careers to prevent players from bouncing between teams.
So far, there have been no complaints, she said.
"But had somebody said to us, 'Hey, you have a transgender playing on the team and we think there is a physical disadvantage, well we support that student," she said.
Boston's public schools require staff members to use the names and pronouns requested by students, change school records to reflect them and acknowledge they've read the district's policy regarding transgender students, according to Steven Chen, the senior equity manager.
But sometimes there are mistakes.
"If you've known a student for the first three years as one name and one pronoun, and then in year four the student has a different name and a different pronoun, I think just naturally you might make a mistake," he said. "Honest mistakes are much different than affirmatively saying, 'I'm not going to support my students on this.'"
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Norwood leaders rush to galvanize support to fight controversial ALDOT plan.
Did you know that highway department officials plan to tear down Interstate 59 through downtown Birmingham, replace it with a taller, wider bridge constructed of concrete, permanently close some exits, and reroute traffic to 11th Avenue North and I-459 to the south?
Some residents of Norwood, one of the neighborhoods closest to I-59 downtown, not only know about the plan, but judging by their reactions at a community meeting last week, they don't like it. They fear that the interstate changes will mean less access to downtown for residents of neighborhoods north of the highway, including Druid Hills and Fountain Heights.
Norwood residents also worry about how the Alabama Department of Transportation construction project will impact their neighborhood because of noise, aesthetics and the increased traffic that will be driven to 11th Avenue.
ALDOT officials, conversely, contend that they're making the changes to I-59 to make the busiest stretch of interstate in the state safer, that their planning has already involved talks with the city and Jefferson County officials, and that they are willing to give fair consideration to the concerns of residents.
“We're looking at [those concerns] now,” said ALDOT Division Engineer Brian Davis. “We had a public involvement meeting [March 28, at Boutwell Auditorium], so those comments are coming in, people's concerns are coming in, and we're looking at them and evaluating them now. … They are always considered. Can you modify your design to accommodate every one of those comments? I don't know that. But every one of them will be reviewed. Every one of them will be considered, and we'll look at our design relative to those comments and determine if we need to change anything.
“I'm not in a position today to say we're going to modify our plan because of them. We're going to reevaluate our plan because of them and determine, have we done the right thing?”
Still, some city residents see deeper issues — issues related to disconnecting neighborhoods from access and opportunity, and the continuation of the harm caused by the historical use of infrastructure to enforce segregation.
“The original layout of the major highways in Birmingham was informed by a policy of ‘blight prevention' that deliberately resulted in the segregation of races,” wrote Ben Gallagher, a Norwood resident who created a petition opposing the freeway changes. “The net effect of these proposed modifications is that a number of existing street grid connections will be lost or impaired. … These lost connections will further divide the communities living and working near the interstate rather than right the wrongs of the past.”
Gallagher said he is not accusing the highway department of deliberately perpetuating the racially motivated decisions of years gone by. “I do not believe any one at ALDOT is trying to hurt minority communities,” he said. “However, the fact that minority neighborhoods will be further cut off from the downtown street grid as part of this plan is a consequence of the original alignment choices made decades ago.”
Davis said the plan, which would begin as early as next year with modifications to 11th Avenue North, is designed to correct safety issues designed into the original construction. For instance, a number of exits and on-ramps for I-59 downtown force drivers to crisscross each other's lanes in what engineers call a “weave” pattern.
That design leads to more accidents, for example, at the 17th Street North exit just outside of Malfunction Junction. As a result, that exit and the exits at 22nd Street north and south, and the on-ramps at 23rd Street northbound and 18th Street southbound, are slated to be removed in the new plan.
The notion of removing exits did not sit well with residents at the meeting at the Norwood Community Center last week, which was led by Gallagher. Norwood residents vowed to fight the current plan. They pledged to write letters to the editor and to engage other Birmingham residents through social media, talked of erecting billboards to inform motorists of changes they may be unaware of, and of voicing their displeasure to ALDOT, politicians and even business owners at the Sheraton and Birmingham Barons, among other things.
Their sense of urgency was enhanced by a looming deadline: ALDOT has given anyone who has comments on the plan until this Friday to speak their piece, although Davis indicated to Weld that even comments coming in after the deadline will be considered. Norwood residents, though, think ALDOT is already moving toward making this plan reality, even as citizens try to stop it.
Several expressed concern that the highway department is more concerned with moving traffic quickly through the city than about the plan's impact on Birmingham residents. “If you live here, this ain't for you,” said Peter Maynard, a Norwood resident and investor who is rehabilitating homes in Norwood. “This is for people to blow through Birmingham.”
Even before the meeting last week, Norwood's defenders were up in arms about the highway plan. Attorney Chervis Isom, a Norwood native, wrote to Davis, on April 11, that “I am gravely concerned about the long-term effects of the plan. … The corridor through the City of Birmingham itself is a major barrier between the downtown and that part of the City lying north of the interstate… Much of the neighborhood to the north, particularly Norwood, no longer has accessibility as it previously had, which adversely affects healthcare, fire safety and access to downtown. It is clear from your plan that you have no interest in City planning or what might best serve our City. Your only interest appears to be the movement of traffic as rapidly as it will go through the City.”
Davis disputed the idea that ALDOT has given no consideration to residents' concerns.
“If ALDOT took the position that all I'm interested in is speeding traffic through and I don't care about anybody, we would not be coordinating this with the city of Birmingham. We would not be coordinating this with the civic center and the business community. We would not be holding these public involvement meetings and getting comments from people. We would not be entertaining these comments,” Davis said. “So, I'd like to think that we're doing what we should do, and that is as engineers designing what we think to be the best roadway, but then being honest that we need to go back and look at it from other perspectives and take these public comments and analyze our designs based on that, and see if we're really doing the right thing in the big picture of things.”
It is clear that the plan, as currently outlined, will not only affect residents of the northern neighborhoods, but also anyone using the interstate to access downtown buildings including Boutwell, the Jefferson County Courthouse, Birmingham City Hall, the federal courthouse, the main branch of the United States Postal Service, the Birmingham Jefferson Civic Center Convention Complex, the new entertainment district, the Birmingham Museum of Art, the main branch of the Birmingham Public Library, the entire Civil Rights District, the Alabama School of Fine Arts and more.
Here's the plan, as described on the ALDOT website:
“The project as proposed will be constructed in two phases. The first phase will construct the 11th Avenue North corridor improvements and ramp connections to I-59/20 and to I-65. The 11th Avenue North corridor will be used by local traffic accessing the CBD [Central Business District] during the second construction phase and on into the future.
“The second phase will be to replace the bridges on I-59/20 through the CBD. The bridge decks will be modified to incorporate auxiliary lanes and the existing steel girders that will be replaced with segmental concrete construction. This work will also include replacing the existing signing, Intelligent Transportation System and lighting elements along I-59/20. Vehicles traveling through Birmingham along I-59/20 will be detoured on I-459 during construction. Local traffic will be able to use the improved 11th Avenue North corridor to access the CBD.”
The entire project began with an ALDOT proposal to replace the aging bridge deck on the section of 59 in front of the civic center, Davis said. “The city of Birmingham and Jefferson County came to the department and said, ‘We'd like you guys to consider not just replacing the deck, we'd like you to consider replacing the entire bridge, provided we could get more capacity, provided we could do some things to mitigate noise…under the bridge, around the entertainment district and around the civic center.' There were some aesthetics issues — we wanted to try to make that bridge look better. So we agreed to go back and look at that proposal. Whenever we did that we came up with not just replacing the bridge deck, but replacing the entire structure. We knew we had operational problems with the ramps that exist out there today.”
As it stands now, the proposal will take up to two-and-a-half years, with the bridge replacement beginning in 2015. Construction crews will remove ramps between the I-65 junction and 31st Street, replace the bridge with a taller, wider span built of segmental concrete and change the way traffic crosses the path of the interstate.
One feature would have the bridge from 12th Avenue North, a major entrance into the Norwood neighborhood, removed. There would be a new access flyover from 11th Avenue east bound to 31st Street, but the eastbound exit from I-59 North to 31st Street would be gone. That exit currently allows traffic to turn left into Norwood or right toward First Avenue or Sloss Furnaces.
Certain roads which Norwood residents consider essential would not pass completely through to downtown, including 24th, 25th, and 28th Streets — although ALDOT says that even that is not set in stone. Residents of Fountain Heights could also find their access to the interstate, currently possible via 11th Avenue, rerouted because of the plan.
During the reconstruction of the I-59 bridge through downtown, drivers who want to stay on the interstate would be detoured around the city to the south along I-459, according to the ALDOT plan. Because preliminary bridge work could be done before closing and shutting down the current bridge, the freeway would likely only be closed for a year for replacement, ALDOT officials said.
Meanwhile, there is a chance that the plan can be modified. And Councillor Maxine Parker said the city would hold a meeting with ALDOT for citizens to “do exactly what you are doing tonight.” Engaging in dialogue with the highway department is key to having their voices heard, she said. “You've got to stay connected.”
Staying connected — to downtown — is at the center of what Norwood residents want. ALDOT contends it is listening. How it all will develop remains to be seen.
For Weld Publisher Mark Kelly's take on ALDOT and the I-59 controversy, see this week's Red Dirt.
It's been a rough couple of months for drone enthusiasts in the U.S. capital. In January, a drone manufacturer decided to disable its devices within the boundaries of downtown Washington, D.C., after a remote-controlled drone crashed on the White House lawn. And yet, earlier this month, another man was arrested for trying to use a drone too near President Obama's residence.
This drone dilemma may seem like a singularly modern problem—after all, the world is only just confronting how to maintain safety and privacy in a world where anyone can operate one of the aircraft. And yet, these ill-fated aviators have a precursor who predates the availability of recreational drones.
His name is Mathias Rust, and it was on May 28, 1987, that he landed a plane in Moscow's Red Square. His story, as reported by TIME the following week, sounds like the Cold War, pre-drone version of the stories that have come out of Washington in recent months:
Tourists and Muscovites strolling through Red Square that evening looked up to see a small single-engine plane coming in low from the south. It circled the great plaza, barely clearing the red brick walls of the Kremlin and buzzing the Lenin Mausoleum before finally touching down. At about 7:30 p.m. the little craft came to rest on the cobblestones behind onion-domed St. Basil's Cathedral. Bystanders scattered. Police gaped in astonishment. Official black sedans sped to the spot. Out of the plane, a blue-and-white Cessna Skyhawk 172, stepped Mathias Rust, 19, a computer operator and amateur pilot from Hamburg, West Germany. While the authorities debated what to do with him, Rust coolly signed autographs for the crowd, adding the words HAMBURG-MOSCOW. Shortly afterward he was taken away by police. Said a 24-year-old Muscovite who saw the pilot step from his craft: ”People did not know what had happened. Something this unusual does not happen every day.”
But, while drone landings at the White House have so far been perceived as stunts or mistakes, Rust's flight had larger implications.
Until that day, the world thought that Russia's tightly guarded airspace was effectively impregnable. That a teenager was able to fly hundreds of miles from Helsinki to Moscow without encountering that defense revealed that the Soviet military did not have as tight a hold on air security as had been believed. Meanwhile, on the other side of the Iron Curtain, Rust's West German compatriots worried that his stunt, which seemed funny at first, might imperil the fragile relationships at the heart of the Cold War.
Rust himself said that he decided to undertake the flight in order to speak to Russians—but that summer he got more than he bargained for, when he was charged with crimes including “malicious hooliganism” and eventually sentenced to four years in a labor camp, of which he served about one.
“Rust again told reporters that his flight across 500 miles of tightly defended Soviet airspace had been part of a campaign for improved East-West relations. ”It was worth my freedom, my liberty,'” TIME noted on the occasion of his early release. “He admitted, however, that it was ‘not responsible' and that he would not do it again.”
Read the full story from 1987, here in the TIME Vault: Welcome to Moscow
Drone Country: See America From Above Tomas van Houtryve—VII Tomas van Houtryve—VII Tomas van Houtryve—VII/Pulitzer Center Tomas van Houtryve—VII/Pulitzer Center Tomas van Houtryve—VII/Pulitzer Center Tomas van Houtryve—VII/Pulitzer Center Tomas van Houtryve—VII/Pulitzer Center Tomas van Houtryve—VII Tomas van Houtryve—VII Tomas van Houtryve—VII Tomas van Houtryve—VII/Pulitzer Center Tomas van Houtryve—VII/Pulitzer Center Tomas van Houtryve—VII Tomas van Houtryve—VII/Pulitzer Center Tomas van Houtryve—VII/Pulitzer Center Tomas van Houtryve—VII 1 of 16 Advertisement
Write to Lily Rothman at lily.rothman@time.com.
Two Judges That Blocked Trump Were Appointed By BARACK OBAMA And JIMMY CARTER
Liberal Judges Block Trump's Travel Ban
Two out of the three judges that ruled in the ninth circuit court of appeals against President Trump's travel ban were appointed to their positions by two of the most liberal Presidents in American history.
Judge William Canby was appointed by President Jimmy Carter in April 1980. He has a history of being highly involved in liberal causes and supporting liberal legislation like the Brady Bill. Judge Canby helped establish the Peace Corps in Africa which sounds innocent but is in fact a highly progressive organization.
Judge Michelle T. Friedland was nominated to serve on the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals by President Barack Obama in August 2013. Republicans blocked her appointment but Democrats eliminated the filibuster for judicial appoints in 2014 and thus rammed her through to her position.
From Heavy:
Friedland was once a member of the American Constitution Society for Law and Policy, a progressive legal organization, according to Senate Judiciary Committee. Peter Edelman, chair of the group's board of directors, was once quoted as saying that the group's goals include “countering right-wing distortions of our Constitution” and “debunking conservative buzzwords such as ‘originalism' and ‘strict construction' that use neutral-sounding language but all too often lead to conservative policy outcomes.”
Heavy also reports that the third Judge, Judge Richard R. Clifton, was appointed by George W. Bush and claims to have ‘no strongly pronouced political philospohy'. However he came highly recommended from the Democrats and received multiple endorsements from Democratic Senators.
Follow Ryan Saavedra On Twitter @NewsRevoltRyan
Plus confirmed full stats and effects of Caspar.
Madan no Akuma Zamiel / Magibullet Fiend Zamiel
Light Fiend / Effect
LV8 2500/2500
You can Tribute Summon this card face-up by Tributing 1 “Magibullet” monster.
You can only use this card name's (2) effect once per turn.
(1) You can activate “Magibullet” Spell/Trap Cards from your hand during either player's turn.
(2) During your opponent's End Phase: You can draw 1 card for each “Magibullet” Spell/Trap Card you activated this turn while this card was face-up.
Madan no Shashu Caspar / Magibullet Shooter Caspar
Light Fiend / Effect
LV3 1200/2000
You can only use this card name's (2) effect once per turn.
(1) You can activate “Magibullet” Spell/Trap Cards from your hand during either player's turn.
(2) If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in the same column as this card: You can add 1 “Magibullet” card with a different name from that card from your Deck to your hand.
Source: http://yu-gi-oh.jp/news_2017062301.php
A man in a wheelchair with his red-vested service dog twice met firm resistance when he tried to order food and eat inside a McDonald's in Minneapolis, according to a federal lawsuit alleging violations of the Americans With Disabilities Act.
Robert Mingo, 52, of Minneapolis, who has muscular dystrophy and a chronic back ailment, this week sued the owner of the McDonald's franchise on W. Broadway near Bryant Avenue N. as well as the global corporation in federal court. He is seeking unspecified damages and requirements that company employees be trained and educated about the Disabilities Act.
While the suit acknowledges that Mingo was eventually served in both instances, he was ordered in the second confrontation not to eat in the dining area by a manager who said, “I am the law,” according to the suit. That comment drew laughter from nearby customers, the suit said.
The location's owner, Tim Baylor, said in a statement that he takes “complaints like this seriously [and] we do our best to provide a great customer experience to every customer.” Baylor, however, would not address Mingo's specific allegations.
Mingo cannot walk and has limited use of his arms and hands, the suit reads. His 4-year-old service dog, a border collie-springer spaniel mix named Max, helps with many daily duties, such as opening and closing doors, picking up laundry and removing clothing, the suit added.
“The best thing that could come out of this,” Mingo said Thursday, “is that all McDonald's employees are required to undergo sensitivity training concerning people with disabilities.”
According to the suit:
Late one morning in August 2012, Mingo wheeled himself into the McDonald's accompanied by Max, outfitted in his service vest. Mingo was told at the counter that the dog prevented him from being served.
Mingo then rode his wheelchair up to the drive-through and was told by the same employee, “We don't serve those things in the drive-through.”
Once back inside, Mingo finally was allowed to buy food but was told that he was banned from coming back. He and Max left with the breakfast.
Early one afternoon last May, Mingo returned, again in a wheelchair and with Max. His order was taken “without any issues,” but the manager told him he had to leave. Mingo said he was waiting for his food and that it was illegal to order him out.
The manager then demanded documentation that Max is a service dog, but Mingo said the wheelchair was all the documentation that was needed.
“Fine, get your food and get out of here,” the manager said. “You can't go in the dining area with the dog.”
To which Mingo responded, “The law says I can.”
“I am the manager here, and I am the law,” came the manager's reply, which drew laughter from many customers.
Again, Mingo received his food and left.
Under the 24-year-old federal Americans With Disabilities Act, state and local governments, businesses and nonprofit organizations that serve the public generally must allow service animals to accompany those with disabilities.
Inquiries about a service dog's validity are limited under the law, allowed only when it's not obvious what service an animal provides. Asking a disabled person to produce the relevant documents is illegal.
Mingo provides for himself, in part, from federal disability benefits. He also is a writer, having published “Poetry for the Soul” in 2008.
On the book's amazon.com page, Mingo says, “I've always seen poetry as a tool for dealing with life's struggles and for teaching the world some of the lessons I've learned.”
With $35 Million 'Magnificent Seven' Tops Another Lackluster September Weekend
September 25, 2016
It wasn't quite the weekend we forecasted on Thursday afternoon as Sony's The Magnificent Seven remakes and WB's animated Storks both fell short of Mojo's lofty expectations. The weekend overall didn't look much better as the top twelve failed to combine for $100 million for the fifth weekend in a row and the weekend itself was down 25% compared to the same weekend last year.
At the top, Sony and MGM's The Magnificent Seven turned in an estimated $35 million opening from 3,674 theaters, just a few thousand behind the opening of Sully two weeks ago and just ahead of Denzel Washington's The Equalizer from 2014, which was also directed by Antoine Fuqua. It's tough to say exactly where this one will go from here as Westerns aren't your typical blockbuster for the modern era and films such as The Lone Ranger and Django Unchained began their runs on Wednesday and Tuesday respectively.
One could look at 2011's Cowboys & Aliens, which opened with $36.4 million and finished its domestic run at $100.2 million, but audience and critical opinion on that one doesn't compare as Magnificent Seven delivered an "A-" from opening day audiences and currently holds a 63% RottenTomatoes score. A run over $100 million is inevitable, but can it reach $125-130 million when not many films that open in this range tend to climb that high unless they are animated films or comedies? The Equalizer petered out at $101.5 million, but the R-rating limited its audience reach suggesting a run anywhere from $115-125 million could be within reach.
WANT MORE? Compare Magnificent Seven to True Grit, The Lone Ranger and Django Unchained
For Storks it was a second place finish with an opening weekend estimated at $21.8 million, just over half of Hotel Transylvania's 2012 opening, which was then a September record. It's also behind the $30.4 million opening for Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs from September 2009, which carried a $100 million budget ($30 million more than Storks) and enjoyed a leggy run, finishing just shy of $125 million domestically and spawned a sequel. Whether Storks will also be the start of an animated fall franchise depends entirely on how it holds over. Initial impressions would suggest a sequel would be unlikely, but an "A-" CinemaScore (A+ from those 25 and under), which is on par with all four Hotel Transylvania and Cloudy films, suggests audiences liked it. Will they like it enough for it to see a second weekend drop similar to the first Cloudy film, which dipped only 17%? That's the big test, not to mention its international prospects.
Storks debuted in 33 international markets this weekend and brought in an estimated $18.3 million. This opening included key territories such as China, Mexico, Russia, Brazil and Australia. In China Storks finished second with an estimated $5.2 million, just a half million behind Hotel Transylvania. In Mexico it opened with an estimated $2.4 million, which is $1.2 million behind Transylvania, but $1 million ahead of Cloudy. Storks finished #1 in Russia with an estimated $1.9m, #1 in Brazil with an estimated $1.5m and fourth in Australia with $931,000. A strong holdover in all of these territories next weekend will be key as well as its opening in Spain and mid-October release in France and UK.
Beyond the week's new wide releases, finishing in third place is Clint Eastwood's Sully with an estimated $13.8 million, just a 36% drop in its third weekend as the film climbs to an estimated $92.3 million domestically.
Fourth through sixth is where we find all three of last weekend's new releases beginning with Universal's Bridget Jones's Baby, which dropped 47% for an estimated $4.5 million as its domestic cume now stands at $16.4 million. Internationally is where this one is strongest as it brought in an estimated $21.9 million from 47 territories, bringing its overseas cume to $67.1 million for a worldwide total of $83.6 million. Included in those results is a second weekend at #1 in the U.K. and Ireland where it accounted for 50% of the overall market share, dropping only 19% for an estimated $8.4 million.
Open Road's Snowden dropped 48%, bringing in an estimated $4.1 million as its cume climbs to $15.1 million and Lionsgate's Blair Witch was pretty much right on average for films that scored a "D+" CinemaScore. As noted in our weekend preview, films that score a "D+" CinemaScore tend to drop around 56% in their second weekend* and with Blair Witch that average is going to get a little bump in the wrong direction as it dropped 59% for an estimated $3.95 million.
Finishing in seventh and eighth positions were Don't Breathe and Suicide Squad, both dropping right around 33% as their domestic cumes now stand at $81.1 million and $318.1 million respectively.
It should be mentioned that Suicide Squad is now the 14th highest grossing superhero release domestically having just passed Iron Man 2. With this weekend's estimates in place it is now just $278,758 behind Iron Man as it is likely to end its run in 13th position on the chart behind Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, which finished its domestic run at $330.4 million.
In limited release, Disney's Queen of Katwe brought in an estimated $305,000 from 52 theaters ($5,865 PTA). Directed by Mira Nair and starring Madina Nalwanga, Lupita Nyong'o and David Oyelowo, the film will expand next weekend into approximately 1,500 theaters. The film scored an "A+" CinemaScore and played to an audience of which 77% were over the age of 25.
Additionally, Broadgreen's release of The Dressmaker, starring Kate Winslet, brought in an estimated $180,500 from 36 theaters ($5,015 PTA); Cinema Libre's The Best Democracy Money Can Buy brought in an estimated $10,000 from one theater; Generation Startup finished with an estimated $6,032 from one theater; Oscilloscope's Girl Asleep debuted in one theater with an estimated $2,700; and Monument's release of Chronic, which won Best Director at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, brought in an estimated $1,912 from two theaters.
Elsewhere, Finding Dory's domestic run may be coming to an end, but it isn't done internationally. This weekend the forgetful fish brought in an estimated $5.3 million internationally as its worldwide cume now stands at $969.8 million. Dory is now the third highest grossing worldwide release of 2016 having just passed The Jungle Book ($965m) and the sixth highest grossing animated movie of all-time worldwide, having passed The Lion King ($968.5m) and only $1 million behind Despicable Me 2. Certain to help matters will be next weekend's release in Germany and Austria and a continued expansion in Switzerland as a worldwide cume over one billion looks almost inevitable at this point.
Next weekend's wide releases include Lionsgate and Summit's Deepwater Horizon in 3,000+ theaters, Fox will debut Tim Burton's Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children in ~3,400 theaters and Relativity will debut the ensemble comedy Masterminds in ~2,800 theaters.
For a look at this weekend's estimated results click here and we'll be updating the charts with weekend actuals on Monday afternoon.
Discuss this story with fellow Box Office Mojo fans on Facebook. On Twitter, follow us at @boxofficemojo and author Brad Brevet at @bradbrevet.
* This average excludes King Kong Lives, The New World and Punch-Drunk Love all three of which had second weekends outside the norm.
I live better than a king. Sure, there are modern day kings who live better than me but they're mostly kings in title only. When I say that I live better than a king I'm referring to Medieval European kings. While it's true that I don't make much money, have almost no power and don't come from a connected family I'm still doing better than the most powerful men of 500 years ago. Below I've listed 5 reasons to supported my claim that I, Zervas, live better than the head honchos of yesteryear.
Life Expectancy:
People just didn't live very long back in the day, even kings. The average life expectancy of an English king was 46 years, from Offa in 774 to William the 3rd in 1702 the men who ruled England didn't do so for very long. The average life expectancy for U.S. males is about 75 years, that's nearly 30 years longer than the mean average for English kings. Of course I'm not average. I'm short and college educated which suggests that I'll live longer than the average American male. Only one English King (in the time period I'm speaking of),Richard Cromwell, lived past 75. Where's your castle to save you now?
Food:
I eat well, real well. I eat off a plate, with a fork. Kings ate off smashed bread, with their fingers. Like a king, I eat mostly locally grown, organic, hormone-free food. Unlike a king, if a type of fruit isn't grown locally I just buy fruit that's flown in from the other side of the world. All the power in the world couldn't get fresh non-local fruit to a king before it rotted. I'm sure Henry the Eighth would have liked some french fries or red sauce but the fact is he spent his whole life without tasting potatoes or tomatoes. That's just sad.
Germs:
I'm fairly cootie free. I shower every day and I use soap, that's right Richard the 1st; soap. In this day and age I have ready access to antiseptics and antibiotics. It's amazing what a little penicillin will clear up. It is true that I can't order anyone to be beheaded but I can walk around without smelling like an outhouse. Fair trade.
Climate control:
It's pretty well known that castles are drafty, not my house. I have double insulated windows and central heating. Not only do I get to be warm whenever I want but I am able to choose my warmth to within one degree Fahrenheit. No smoke, no soot, just awesomeness.
If it gets too warm, Bam! air conditioning. I'm sure a king gets some kind of ego trip by having servant girls fan him but I'm not in it for the ego, I'm in it for the cool. The fact is accelerating warm air against sweaty skin just doesn't get one as cool as some wicked freon powered A/C.
Travel:
It was a pain in the ass to travel back in the day. Kings had to travel by horse or by boat and it took effing forever to get anywhere. I can fly across the country on a whim or travel to the grocers at 65 mph. It's true I've done little exploring outside the American Union but this is because I haven't gotten around to it yet, not due to any actual limitations of travel. If I wanted to I could be in Asia by the weekend, I just don't feel like it.
Despite what the story books say it sucked to live in medieval times, even if you were ruling said times. The only thing a king has on me is power, which is something I don't crave. From entertainment to education to standard of living I have it pretty good. Sometimes I just need to take a step back to see that.
Just missed: toilet paper, electricity, dentists, mass media, hot chicks and TiVo.
Felony Hate Crime Charges Await
A North Carolina man accused of a homophobic hate crime in Florida has been located, arrested, and extradited to Key West. Brandon Ray Davis, 30, was arrested Wednesday morning. He is accused of attacking a couple in Key West while riding a rented scooter.
Kevin Seymour and Kevin Price told police the attacker yelled at them, "You guys are a couple of fags," "I bet you faggots voted for that bitch Hillary," and, "You live in Trump country now," the Miami Herald reports.
He also allegedly threatened to "cut you up" when the couple threatened to call the police.
Davis reportedly struck Seymour to the ground when his scooter hit Seymour's bike. He is being charged with a hate crime, and the scooter is being classified as a deadly weapon.
"Police say they identified Davis in part through the scooter rental agency, where Davis left a copy of his driver's license so he could rent it," the Herald reports. "Working with North Carolina law enforcement, detectives obtained a photo of Davis. In a photo lineup, Seymour, Price and another witness said it was Davis in the photo, police said."
To comment on this article and other NCRM content, visit our Facebook page.
Image by Steven Straiton via Flickr and a CC license
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Fans ofmemberhave officially begun their all out support for their beloved idol.Yuri, who is currently gaining much attention for her acting skills on's "", benefited from her legions of fans as her fan club prepared lunch for the entire staff of the drama. It was revealed that fans across 8 different countries such as Korea, China, and Japan pitched in to prepare such a treat for the staff.The president of Yuri's fan club commented, "After thinking long and hard for a month with our worldwide fans, we decided on preparing a meal and complementary gifts for the hardworking staff members and Yuri. There is much anticipation for Fashion King among foreign fans. Everyone is excited that Yuri is fitting in well as one of the main actresses."In response to the love from her fans, Yuri invited over 200 fans to a "", which is scheduled for April 2nd at the SBS broadcast studio. The lucky fans who were chosen for this exciting event were chosen through SBS's official Twitter @andSource & Image: Nate
Following WWII and the defeat of the Nazis, the German constitution forbid the military, known as the Bundeswehr, to be used domestically except in instances of national emergency.
That post-war restriction may soon come to an end.
In the aftermath of the Munich attacks last week, Bavarian Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann told the Welt am Sonntag newspaper it “would be completely incomprehensible … if we had a terrorist situation like Brussels in Frankfurt, Stuttgart or Munich and we were not permitted to call in the well-trained forces of the Bundeswehr, even though they stand ready.”
Herrmann said the restriction is now obsolete and Germans have a “right to safety.”
Thomas Strobl of the ruling Christian Democratic Party agreed. He said if Germany faces “a large-scale, serious terrorist situation, we must also bring in the Bundeswehr.”
The Greens and members of the Social Democratic Party warned against “domestic calls for more surveillance, isolation and military [intervention],” and added the Munich attack would be exploited politically.
The German government, however, had planned to lift restrictions on Bundeswehr prior to the Munich attack.
Bundeswehr preparing joint exercises with police, possible internal missions in vaguely defined cases of terrorismhttps://t.co/3EWuV6Dq8M — Christoph Harig (@c_harig) July 9, 2016
In April, a white paper titled “Security Police and the Future of the Bundeswehr” was prepared by the defense ministry. It said threats in the wake of attacks in Paris and Brussels had made it necessary to “develop further, [and] put on a firm basis, an effective contribution of the Bundeswehr towards averting dangers on the borders for inner and outer security.”
White paper-draft: government wants to facilitate deployment of the Bundeswehr Inside https://t.co/dF2x4h0qKL pic.twitter.com/CqxJ7UnFYb — nachrichten heute (@nachrichtenheut) April 12, 2016
While the proposals were accepted by Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union, the opposition Left party criticized them and the Green Party said a revamped defense policy represents a “shift to the right.”
“The enforcement of state power remains the responsibility of the police,” Rainer Arnold, the defense committee spokesman of the Social Democrat Party of Germany, told Deutsche Welle in April.
NEWARK -- A federal judge erred in ordering the public release of the names of the Bridgegate uninidicted co-conspirators, misunderstanding how the publicity would violate the individuals' privacy, a lawyer for an anonymous unindicted co-conspirator said in a court filing Monday.
Jenny Kramer, a former prosecutor representing "John Doe," the anonymous individual who is a federal prosecutors say is someone who either was allegedly involved in the Bridgegate plan or its coverup but not charged, asked the Third Circuit Court of Appeals in the brief to keep his name secret.
Doe's desire to remain anonymous outweighs the public's right to information in a court proceeding, it said.
Her filing said U.S. District Judge Susan D. Wigenton made three legal errors in determining that the names of the unindicted co-conspirators could be released.
Wigenton incorrectly ruled that the names of Bridgegate unindicted co-conspirators could be made public because they "had a diminished or non-existent right of privacy because of their public status and the media's extensive coverage of Bridgegate," the brief says. "But that reasoning simply misunderstands the nature of the 'privacy' right at issue, which is the right not to have one's reputation and career needlessly ruined."
In addition, the Doe filing says the list of unindicted co-conspirators was "a mere discovery letter" that is not subject to First Amendment and common-law right of access.
Who else knew about Bridgegate?
Wigenton mistakenly concluded that the names were part of a "bill of particulars," which would be part of the public record, it said.
The names, which were in a letter that never was filed in the court, were given to Bridgegate defendants Bill Baroni, ex-deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and Bridget Anne Kelly, former deputy chief of staff for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, "only for purposes of trial preparation," it said.
Finally, Doe argued that publicizing the names would violate the individuals' right to due process by branding them as criminals "without any compelling governmental justification."
A consortium of news organizations, including NJ Advance Media, is seeking the release of the names, saying they are part of the public record in the court case over the alleged politically motivated scheme to choke Fort Lee in traffic in 2013 by closing off several access lanes to the George Washington Bridge.
The news organizations have until the end of the week to file a reply to Doe's brief.
After a second filing by Doe, the appellate court will hear oral arguments in the case June 6.
The briefs and arguments in the John Doe case are occurring in the public domain after the Third Circuit on Friday decided that the arguments should not stay behind closed doors.
Tim Darragh may be reached at tdarragh@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @timdarragh. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Horror and heavy metal aren't just relatives: they come from the same womb. There is one band, above all, that created the music genre we know as heavy metal, and that band is Black Sabbath. Sorry Led Zeppelin, yes you were important to the development of the genre (though I would posit Judas Priest as more important to what we know as heavy metal today), but it was singularly Black Sabbath who created it. Just listen to the opening doomy riff, the deep black void of a sound, of their eponymous song from their eponymous debut, Black Sabbath. Hear those evil, scary lyrics. I've often said on my radio show that the opening words of Black Sabbath are, as an artistic statement of intent, as a story opener and as a tone setter, the best in rock history:
“What is this that stands before me?
Figure in black which points at me,
Turn around quick, and start to run,
Find out I'm the chosen one.”
Followed by Ozzy Osbourne's terrified and terrifying scream of “OH NOOOOOOOO!”
The story continues, growing more and more demonic:
“Big black shape with eyes of fire,
Telling people their desire,
Satan's sitting there, he's smiling,
Watches those flames get higher and higher,
Oh no, no, please God help me!”
Black Sabbath, with their self-titled song, are telling a horror story with it's own unearthly soundtrack. This song is a blueprint for what the band wanted to achieve. As huge horror fans themselves, particularly of the of likes Hammer, they wanted to make music that made people feel the same way as those movies made them and audiences around the globe feel. No one had ever really attempted to do this with music before. Sure, there was the wonderful Screamin' Jay Hawkins with deeply voodoo inflected songs like I Put A Spell on You, but there's undeniably an air of camp and fun to his output. Black Sabbath, however, aimed to be legitimately scary, and by Satan did they achieve it.
Even their name is taken directly from a horror movie, Boris Karloff's 1963 Italian-French classic of the same name. You'll even find plenty of heavy metal and horror fans sporting the same t-shirt featuring the film's poster of Karloff's severed, eye-rolling head at both metal gigs and horror cons across the world: it doubles as both a tribute to the original horror movie and the band who took their name from it. The first band of heavy metal is named after a horror movie and they sought to emulate the fear that those kinds of movies created. And so, setting the course for all metal bands ever to exist, they also ensured that heavy metal would forever be inextricably linked to horror.
“Is it the end, my friend?
Satan's coming 'round the bend,
people running 'cause they're scared,
The people better go and beware,
No, no, please, no.”
Follow @RJBayley on Twitter
With the general release of Google Glass still several months away, Tokyo-based electronics maker Thanko is already offering gadget lovers something that shares one function with Google's wearable computer for a fraction of the price.
On April 11 Thanko released its mita manma megane, or “just what you see glasses” video camera, designed like a pair of eyeglasses.
A miniature camera is built into the temple portion of the frame. To operate the camera, users first pres and hold a button on the inner face of the left earpiece, until a blinking green light indicates the camera is in standby mode. One more tap of the button starts the recording process. The camera's quiet operation makes it a little hard to tell if it's recording, but thankfully in recording mode the blinking light turns off, letting you know you're capturing video while also sparing you from looking like a festive Christmas decoration to those around you.
▼ The camera
▼ The activation button
Videos can be saved on a micro SD card (sold separately), which also plugs into the temple section of the frame. The camera can be recharged with a USB cable, with a battery life of three hours in standby mode or 30-40 minutes of continual recording.
▼ SD slot
▼ Recharging
The product is actually Thanko's second wearable camera. Last year it began selling a camera that mounts on the ear, like a set of headphones. Despite winning plenty of fans, Thanko felt there was still room for improvement. “No matter what you did, you always ended up with a bit of your cheek in the picture. With our new glasses-style design, the images you record are closer to what you see with your own eyes,” say promotional materials for the new product.
The glasses are a relatively light 60 grams (2.1 ounces), with a unisex, unobtrusive design that won't attract unwanted attention. Since they leave both of the user's hands free, Thanko says that removing the need to stare at a tiny monitor lets the user stay more connected to his or her surroundings, which is a definite plus when recording special family moments.
The company's website also recommends using the glasses when reading, although the advantage to recording a video of a still page of text, then referring back to the video instead of just opening up the book again, is lost on us. The 40-minute battery life also limits their usefulness for suspicious wives and girlfriends who would want to stick the glasses on their significant other and record his line of sight to see if he's spending all day at the office checking out the interns…
The glasses are available on Thanko's website at a price of 8,980 yen (US$92). The initial inventory sold out in less than 10 days, so customers should expect a bit of a waiting period, although thankfully not as long as for Google Glass.
▼ The camera in action
Sources: Nikkei Trendy, Thanko
Images: Thanko
RALEIGH -- N.C. State coach Kevin Keatts has landed his highest-rated recruit since being hired in March.
Four-star point guard Jamie Lewis, of Westlake High School in Atlanta, committed to the Wolfpack on Thursday, he said, less than 24 hours after taking an unofficial visit to the school.
Lewis, a 6-3, 190-pound point guard is ranked No. 60 nationally in the class of 2018, according to 247sports' composite rankings. He is ranked No. 13 at his position.
He said he chose N.C. State over Baylor and Wake Forest.
He said he first heard from N.C. State's coaching staff in April. He said the coaches told him he would probably play as a freshman.
“That was key,” Lewis said.
His visit on Thursday to N.C. State sealed the deal for him.
“Everything went well,” Lewis said. “Just the coaching staff, they were very welcoming.”
Lewis didn't play much last season due to nagging ankle and shoulder injuries. During his sophomore season in 2016, Lewis averaged 16 points, 8 assists, 5 rebounds and 2 steals per game and his team won the state championship, Darron Rogers, his high school coach, said. Lewis was the player of the game.
“I think they are getting one of the best guards in the country,” Rogers said. “He's one of those guys who are very smart and has played on the highest level all his life.”
Rogers described Lewis as a scoring guard and called him a “phenomenal ball handler and excellent scorer.”
“He has a real strong college-ready body, can get to the hole in a crowd with people hanging on him,” he said. “He probably will be one of the better guards in the program. Plays a lot like Kyrie Irving. He has all the moves.”
The Wolfpack is making progress on its 2018-19 roster.
Lewis is the first 2018 high school recruit to commit to the Wolfpack, but it also landed two transfers two weeks ago – C.J. Bryce, who transferred from UNC-Wilmington, and Devon Daniels, who transferred from Utah. Both are scoring guards.
Under NCAA rules for undergraduate transfers, both will have to sit out the upcoming season. Bryce will have two years and Daniels will have three years of eligibility remaining.
Lewis said he is excited about the future.
“I'm ready to play,” he said. “I've been ready for this moment for years now.”
The third largest public chess library in the world is set to move from its home in Hastings due to a lack of space.
The National Chess Library was officially opened in the University of Brighton's building, on Havelock Road, in 2006 by former home secretary Charles Clarke, whose father, Sir Richard, devised the English chess grading system.
The library contains many valuable items, including the personal collection of war-time code-breaker, Times chess correspondent and three-time British Chess champion Harry Golombek.
Phil Ehr, chief executive of the English Chess Federation, said: “The National Chess Library is the third largest collection of its kind in the world.
“It is moving from its current location at the University of Brighton, Hastings, in order for the university to better meet the needs of its students.
“We are grateful to the university for hosting the National Chess Library since 2006. The National Chess Library is relocating to temporary storage in Eastbourne until a new permanent location is secured. Expressions of interest from institutions wishing to host the National Chess Library are welcome.”
George Jelliss, a member of Hastings Chess Club, said: “The English Chess Federation has begun to put the books into storage in Eastbourne, since they have no space at their premises in Battle. This will make the collections unavailable for researchers to consult.”
NEW ORLEANS, Louisiana – More than 6,000 gallons of oil been successfully recovered from Louisiana's Bay Long region following a spill.
An oil spill of roughly 5,300 gallons, the estimated amount at the time a pipe was struck, was quickly contained in the region on September 4.
“Crews also were trying to safely capture and treat roughly 200 oiled birds around the Cheniere Ronquille Barrier Island and East Grand Terre Island. At least 11 birds and one sea turtle had been collected as of Sunday,” according to an Associated Press (AP) report.
The oil spill was apparently caused by the Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Company when a vessel doing excavation hit a pipe, as Breitbart Texas previously reported.
ECM Maritime Services has been handling the clean-up effort with the Coast Guard and Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries supervising the project.
“About 3,000 feet of hard boom have been put out, and sorbent material and skimmers are collecting the oil,” the AP reported at the time of the oil spill.
The massive disaster was the second catastrophe to hit the state within weeks, after unprecedented flooding devastated the Baton Rouge, Louisiana and surrounding areas.
Over 60,000 homes were destroyed in the floods and over 100,000 residents were displaced—with many still displaced across the state.
The clean-up effort for the oil spill, however, is in direct contrast to the relief provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), which has been widely criticized for failing to help homeowners.
As Breitbart Texas previously reported, a majority of residents in the flooded region did not carry flood insurance because the area had never been hit with floods in the past.
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
My mom is disabled and has a lot of physical issues, but if you looked at her you wouldn't really notice it unless you knew her or watched her face. I keep telling her she needs to get a GAC because it is hard for her to stand for long periods of time, but she's afraid a cast member will turn her away or people will make fun of her. Is this something that happens often?
Trust me, a lot of people are the same way so your mom is not alone. In recent years CMs at all the US parks have been dealing with a lot of people abusing the system, claiming they have an disability when they just want to skip the lines, This is INFURIATING because we know that there are people like your mom out there who really need accommodations. Let me tell you that Cast Members should NEVER deny your mom use of the system just because she doesn't “look” like she has a disability (and if they do please report that scum immediately). We're using a different system now for disability access similar to Fastpass, and Guest Relations and the Cast at attractions will be able to help you out. Don't be afraid to use it if your mom needs it!
Newsmax host Dennis Michael Lynch went off-script tonight and declared tonight, “This will be, odds are, my last night.”
Lynch hosts the program Unfiltered, and tonight he took a moment to speak from the heart and recall the words of a mother of a 9/11 first responder about how he's the kind of man “who puts his money where his mouth is.”
He revealed to viewers that in “fighting for Trump” on the air, he has “been restricted” in that message and was recently informed he “will no longer have editorial discretion on my own.”
What bothered him most of all was that the network was pushing “pre-made packages” on his show. He said last night he saw one that “tried to slam Fox News for the unfortunate things that are taking place over there right now.”
Newsmax, being a conservative channel, is a competitor to Fox, but Lynch was outraged that they would be running news on the Roger Ailes allegations when “they're the only other guy in the room trying to fight for the same thing I am.”
Lynch told his audience that it's hard to say goodbye, but declared, “I am proud of what I just did and what I just said.”
And then he was taken off the air:
Lynch posted his opener to Facebook Live and in the video below, you can see what happened after they went black and found out they were off:
When the program finally returned to air, there was another host filling in for Lynch. They immediately ran a report on Fox and Ailes.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
[Updated: Sept. 1] — Shenzhen Xunlong tipped a $15 “Orange Pi PC” SBC with a 1.6GHz quad-core Cortex-A7 SoC, Pi-compatible expansion, HDMI, 100Mbit Ethernet, quad USB, and more.
Late last year, Shenzhen Xunlong Software introduced a pair of open-spec, Linux- and Android-ready “Orange Pi” single board computers that copied many Raspberry Pi features. The $49 Orange Pi and $40 Orange Pi Mini were based on Allwinner's A20 SoC, featuring a dual-core, 1GHz Cortex-A7 CPU and PowerVR SGX544MP2 GPU. They were soon followed by a set of three gen-2 Orange Pi SBCs built with Allwinner's H3 SoC, which integrates four 1.6GHz Cortex-A7 CPU cores along with a Mali-400 MP2 GPU.
The gen-2 quad-core Orange Pi SBC series began with a longish (108 x 60mm) $59 Orange Pi Plus. Next, came a pair of slightly shorter (93 x 60mm) Orange Pi 2 SBCs, which mimicked the second generation, quad-core Raspberry Pi 2 Model B that the Raspberry Foundation launched in February.
Orange Pi PC top (left) and bottom views
(click images to enlarge)
Another view of the Orange Pi PC
(click image to enlarge)
Left to right: Orange Pi, Orange Pi Plus, Orange Pi 2, Orange Pi PC
(click images to enlarge)
Orange Pi PC (left) compared to Raspberry Pi 2 Model B
(click images to enlarge)
Orange Pi PC details: top (left) and bottom
(click images to enlarge)
This week saw the arrival of yet another gen-2 Orange Pi SBC based on Allwinner's quad-core H3 SoC. The new “Orange Pi PC” comes with 1mm of the Raspberry Pi 2's size, matches its features in most respects (see details below), and is selling for the amazingly low price of $15 (plus a modest shipping charge).Despite the presence of “Pi” in their names, the Orange Pi SBCs are not designed to be exact, drop-in replacements for Raspberry Pi SBCs . In fact, Shenzhen Xunlong makes no claim of Pi compatibility other than the similarity of the boards' 26- or 40-pin expansion buses to the corresponding RPi interfaces.Each Orange Pi model has a unique board layout and set of I/O ports, and each offers varying degrees of similarity to the Raspberry Pi. In particular, the original Pi implemented the original RPi's 26-pin style expansion, whereas the Orange Pi Mini, Pi Plus, Pi 2, and Pi PC all provide Raspberry Pi B+-like 40-pin expansion.At 85 x 55mm, the Orange Pi PC closely matches the Raspberry Pi 2's 85 x 56mm footprint. Additionally, as suggested by the pair of photos above, the Pi PC appears to have most of its 40-pin bus and coastline I/O ports in locations that match those of the RPi 2, although its single — rather than dual — USB connector at the top of the right edge clearly differs from the RPi 2's arrangement. The images below show the locations of the Orange Pi PC's I/O ports and other key features.
The table below compares the key features of the four Orange PI family SBCs to each other, as well as to the Raspberry Pi 2 Model B. A detailed list of the Orange PI PC's features and specifications appears farther below.
Comparison of key specifications
Orange Pi Plus Orange Pi 2 Orange Pi PC Raspberry Pi 2 Model B Processor AllWinner A20 Allwinner H3 Allwinner H3 Allwinner H3 Broadcom BCM2836 CPU cores 4x Cortex-A7 @ 1GHz 4x Cortex-A7 @ 1.6GHz 4x Cortex-A7 @ 1.6GHz 4x Cortex-A7 @ 1.6GHz 4x Cortex-A7 @ 900MHz GPU PowerVR SGX544MP2 ARM Mali-400 MP2 ARM Mali-400 MP2 ARM Mali-400 MP2 Broadcom VideoCore IV RAM 1GB 1GB 1GB 1GB 1GB Storage microSD, SATA 2.0 microSD, SATA 2.0, 8GB eMMC microSD microSD microSD Wireless WiFi WiFI WiFi — — Ethernet Gigabit Gigabit 10/100 10/100 10/100 A/V I/O HDMI, composite, LVDS, VGA HDMI, composite HDMI, composite HDMI, composite HDMI, composite Camera CSI CSI CSI USB ports 4x USB 2.0; 1x USB OTG 4x USB 2.0; 1x USB OTG 4x USB 2.0; 1x USB OTG 3x USB 2.0; 1x USB OTG 4x USB 2.0 Power +5V via micro-USB or barrel jack +5V via micro-USB or barrel jack +5V via barrel jack +5V via barrel jack +5V via micro-USB Expansion 26-pin Pi-style; 18-pin 40-pin Pi-style 40-pin Pi-style 40-pin Pi-style 40-pin Dimensions 112 x 60mm 112 x 60mm 93 x 60mm 85 x 55mm 85 x 56mm Price (less shipping) $49 $59 $30 $15 $35
Summary of Orange Pi PC specs
Specifications listed for the Orange Pi PC include:
Processor — Allwinner H3 (4x Cortex-A7 @ 1.6GHz); ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU @600MHz; 256KB L1, 1MB L2 cache
Memory — 1GB DDR3 SDRAM
Storage — microSD slot (up to 64GB)
Networking — 10/100Mbit Ethernet (RJ45)
Multimedia: HDMI output — supports HDCP, CEC, 30 function, and integrated CVBS (allows simultaneous output of HDMI and CVBS) A/V output on 3.5 mm jack Mic input Camera interface — CSI input supports 8-bit YUV422 CMOS sensor interface, CCIR656 protocol for NTSC and PAL, SM pixel camera sensor, and video capture at up to [email protected]
Other I/O: 3x USB 2.0 Host ports 1x USB 2.0 OTG port (does not support DC power input) GPIO connector with 3x GPIO lines Debug UART header (TTL level) IR receiver
Expansion — 40-pin header compatible with Raspberry Pi B
Other features — power & status LEDs; power button
Power — DC barrel jack; +5V @ 2A (max.)
Dimensions — 85 x 55mm
Weight — 38gm
Supported OSes — Android, Lubuntu, Debian, Rasberry Pi Image
Further information
The Orange Pi PC can be pre-ordered at AliExpress for $15.00 plus shipping (currently about $3.50 for delivery to the U.S.). Further details are available at OrangePi.org's Orange Pi PC page. Comprehensive technical documentation and OS image downloads will eventually be available at OrangePi.org's downloads page.
Story highlights Defense attorney says family faces challenges in arranging bond
A judge orders $1 million bond for George Zimmerman
Prosecutors say Zimmerman can't be trusted
Zimmerman's initial bond was revoked after he and his wife failed to disclose contributions
A Florida judge on Thursday set a $1 million bond with new restrictions on George Zimmerman, saying he believes the suspect may have been planning to flee the country to avoid prosecution in the killing of Trayvon Martin.
Judge Kenneth R. Lester Jr. found that Zimmerman's deceit over cash holdings at his first bond hearing in April was not enough to hold him without bail.
"This court has, thus far, declined to exercise its contempt powers and the state failed to prove that the defendant may be held without bond," the order said.
Zimmerman will have to post 10% of the $1 million -- or $100,000 -- to meet the requirement for bail.
But an even bigger challenge is finding a bail bond company that will work with the family on the requirement of $1 million in collateral, defense attorney Mark O'Mara said later Thursday. The family does "not have anywhere near" the collateral amount, according to the attorney.
"We are encouraged we can work this out," O'Mara said in a statement.
Donations to Zimmerman's legal defense fund have dropped significantly while Zimmerman has been jailed, O'Mara said.
JUST WATCHED Bond hearing 'helpful' for Zimmerman Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bond hearing 'helpful' for Zimmerman 01:28
JUST WATCHED Defense argues for Zimmerman's release Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Defense argues for Zimmerman's release 03:47
JUST WATCHED Defense says Zimmerman deserves bond Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Defense says Zimmerman deserves bond 02:05
JUST WATCHED Examining Zimmerman EMT's testimony Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Examining Zimmerman EMT's testimony 02:43
"Supporters have told us they were concerned that the court would set such a high bond that getting George out of jail could risk wiping out the entire defense account. It appears that they were right. However, George needs an aggressive defense and to help with that he also needs to be out of jail with his wife and family assisting his legal team."
The fund has a $211,000 balance, but has $40,000 in payables for defense expenses.
"Paying bond and scheduled expenses would effectively wipe out the existing balance," O'Mara said.
O'Mara argued that Zimmerman should not be jailed because the state's case is weak and his claim of self-defense is strong.
The original bail of $150,000 was revoked last month after Lester learned Zimmerman and his wife, Shellie, had failed to disclose more than $150,000 in donations from the public.
The judge's order Thursday said that the new $1 million bond was not a punishment but an amount that assured the court that Zimmerman would not abscond.
Zimmerman has the money to pay for his release, the court said.
In his ruling, Lester wrote about the first bond hearing and noted an undisclosed second passport kept in Zimmerman's safe deposit box.
"Notably, together with the passport, the money only had to be hidden for a short time for him to leave the country if the defendant made a quick decision to flee," the judge said. "It is entirely reasonable for this court to find that, but for the requirement that he be placed on electronic monitoring, the defendant and his wife would have fled the United States with at least $130,000 of other people's money."
Lester wrote the defendant's plans to flee were "thwarted."
Zimmerman, 28, is charged with second-degree murder in Martin's February 26 shooting death. Under Florida law, second-degree murder is a bondable offense.
Prosecutors had asked for bond to be denied or, if not, for it to be set at $1 million.
Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump said the parents preferred that Zimmerman remain in jail, but "they respect the ruling of the court and the strong message that the judge sent that deference to judicial integrity is paramount to all court proceedings."
"Furthermore, they understand that this is not a sprint to justice, but a long journey to justice that they must bear for their son Trayvon," Crump said.
The order said the evidence shows that Zimmerman and his wife acted together to conceal their cash holdings during the original bond hearing.
"Under any definition, the defendant has (flouted) the system," the order said. "The defendant has tried to manipulate the system when he has been presented the opportunity to do so."
Lester imposed new restrictions on Zimmerman that he did not face when he was out on bond the first time.
Zimmerman must report to officials every two days, cannot open or maintain a bank account and cannot be on the property of an airport. He also cannot apply for or obtain a passport.
Zimmerman must abide by a curfew from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m., and like before, will be monitored electronically.
Prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda argued before the judge last week that Zimmerman should remain in jail without bail because he was complicit in lying to the court and can't be trusted.
Forensic accountant Adam Magill testified that thousands of dollars in donated funds flowed into and out of Zimmerman's bank account in the days before the first bail hearing.
Magill said it appeared Zimmerman and his wife were speaking in code during recorded jailhouse telephone conversations about the amount of money involved. He also said that transferring funds between accounts could have been done to make it appear that Zimmerman had less money available for bail than he did.
De la Rionda reiterated that prosecutors believe Martin, a 17-year-old African-American, was an innocent victim who was confronted by Zimmerman without provocation.
Zimmerman, a Sanford neighborhood watch volunteer, acknowledged fatally shooting the unarmed Martin after calling police to report a suspicious person. Zimmerman, who is white and Hispanic, said Martin attacked him.
For as long as she can remember, Summer Rayn Butterfly has counted down the days until March Break.
Summer Rayn Butterfly of the Moose Factory Scrappers hugs the cup her team won at the Hershey Centre following their championship 1-0 win on Thursday. Summer was named MVP of tournament of midget A girls championship. ( Chris So / Toronto Star ) Moose Factory Scrappers coach Mark Butterfly gives his team last-minute instructions during a time out in the final moments of the third period of a game on Thursday. ( Chris So / Toronto Star ) Darcie Roy, left and Kennedy Roy, sisters from Temagami First Nation bask in their championship win in Mississauga Thursday. ( Chris So / Toronto Star ) Moose Factory Scrapper Renee Auger watches her team try for an insurance goal during the third period action against the Batchewana Attack. The midget girls championship of the Little Native Hockey League Tournament was played out at the Hershey Centre in Mississauga. ( Chris So / Toronto Star ) Hockey gear belonging to members of Moose Factory Scrappers lies on the ice prior to the medal presentation. ( Chris So / Toronto Star ) Ember Wynne was killed in a vehicle accident with two others on March 18, 2015. They were travelling home from the Little NHL tournament in Mississauga. ( SUBMITTED IMAGE )
The school-less week is spent by the 17-year-old gliding around an ice rink 1,100 kilometres from home with First Nations friends she rarely gets to see. The majority of them hail from far-flung corners of the province where they live on reserves or in remote areas with a single arena. But what brings them all together every year is their love of the game, a deep-seated passion that outweighs the usual teenage March Break yearnings for vacations on exotic beaches or days spent sleeping in to well past noon. Armed with sticks, skates and plenty of padding, Summer and her Moose Factory Scrapper teammates meet up for the Little Native Hockey League tournament. This year's iteration, the last for which Butterfly was eligible to play, was spread out across four Mississauga arenas.
Article Continued Below
It was there that 178 teams of aboriginal children duked it out on ice hoping to follow in the footsteps of tournament greats turned NHL stars —Ted Nolan and Jonathan Cheechoo. For many, it was their first time venturing out into the big city. Hockey moms toting around spare gear and chasing after young ones who peppered the stands, told stories of their children gaping at skyscrapers and pointing in awe at the city lights as night fell on the GTA. Years ago, the stark differences felt like culture shock for Summer, who grew up in Moose Factory, an island community located at the bottom of James Bay. “I remember being amazed looking around at the city when I was younger,” she recalled. “I come from a small town of only 3,000 and this was such a big place with so many people.” Over eight years' worth of tournaments, she's gotten used to the 1,100-kilometre journey from Moose Factory to Mississauga. Those who make the trek contend with Moose River, an unpredictable body of water that can only be crossed by vehicle when the ice freezes over.
They had heard of others who hired coach buses or rallied drivers to get players from small Ontario nooks to Thunder Bay, where they could fly to the city. Event organizers said they even knew of some who hitchhiked their way to the 44-year-old tournament, taking two or three days to get there.
Moose Factory Scrappers watch their team during the third period action against the Batchewana Attack. The midget girls championship of the Little Native Hockey League Tournament was played out at the Hershey Centre in Mississauga. ( Chris So/Toronto Star )
For the thousands who attended, the safe journeys made to the tournament were reason for celebration, but the trek home was tinged with irreconcilable sadness when it claimed the life of a young girl.
Article Continued Below
Ember Wynne, a 13-year-old bantam player, died in a crash on her way home to Red Rock Township on Wednesday. The teen was travelling along Highway 529 in Magnetawan First Nation when a van she was riding in hit a transport truck, killing Ember, William Tuck, 71, and 3-month-old Myah Kowtias.
13-year-old Ember Wynne was killed in a vehicle accident with two others on March 18, 2015. They were travelling home from the Little NHL tournament in Mississauga.
Teammates and event organizers said the Atikameksheng Eagles defender was thrilled when the Eagles won back-to-back matches. Event organizers, who shared their condolences about the tragedy, were told Ember was grinning and excited about her performance. “Happiness and sorry don't oftentime mix, but in this situation it may,” tournament president Marvin Assinewai told the Star. He noted that Ember's life had been honoured on the tournament's final day with a traditional blanket ceremony and other fundraising activities planned by the Anishinabek Nations. Despite the heart-breaking incident, he said players stayed strong and still took the rinks in Ember's honour. “It's all about the love of the game and being out on the ice,” he said. Caitlyn Alisappi, Summer's teammate, agreed. Her love for hockey got her crammed into a car with her boyfriend and a pack of other boys on a non-stop, full-day ride to Mississauga. “I play back home (in Moose Factory) with boys because there aren't enough girls to make a team, but here, there are girls and it's really nice to finally get to play together,” she said. Plus, unlike her male teammates back home, the girls she played with at the tournament swapped gossip and went off on a few fun detours, usually involving local movie theatres or shopping malls. “Whenever I text the girls to get them out to a game early, they are always shopping,” said Scrappers coach and Summer's dad, Mark. “A lot of them don't have big malls back home or all the stores the city does.”
Moose Factory Scrappers Tessa Dobson, left to right, Shaiyena Cote and Summer Butterfly take a skate around the ice at the Hershey Centre following their championship 1-0 win. ( Chris So/Toronto Star )
He admitted to ribbing his daughter about her search for a prom dress in between games, but it didn't affect her play. She scooped up the tournament's MVP award minutes after a nail-biter 1-0 championship win for her team. When the buzzer sounded, signaling the end of the match, the Scrappers flooded the ice, piling up on one another in a collective heap of relief. Pointing at the celebrating girls, together at the tournament for one last time, Mark whispered, “That's what makes the trip worth it.”
Read more about:
Near the end of President Obama's State of the Union Address, he said something deeply dishonest. I'm sure he doesn't view it as dishonest, but it is nevertheless. In his own words:
I want our actions to tell every child, in every neighborhood: your life matters, and we are as committed to improving your life chances as we are for our own kids.
Does the President really want to tell “every child” that their life matters? That he wants to improve their “life chances”? How can he say such a thing when he actively supports policies that exclude a whole class of children from the human community? How can he say such a thing when he believes it is a Constitutional right to kill one particular class of children? President Obama believes that there is a Constitutional right to kill any child in the womb at any stage of gestation (from 0-9 months) for any or no reason at all.
What is even more cynical about the President's words is that he delivers them on the same day that his administration issues a policy statement rejecting the “Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.” This act would not outlaw all abortions but would seek to limit those performed on unborn children capable of feeling pain during the procedure. Why the rejection? His administration opposes the bill because it…
…would unacceptably restrict women's health and reproductive rights and is an assault on a woman's right to choose. Women should be able to make their own choices about their bodies and their health care, and Government should not inject itself into decisions best made between a woman and her doctor.
Where is the concern for “every child” being able to know that their life matters? Where is the burden to improve the “life chances” of unborn children? Nowhere. In fact, his administration doesn't even acknowledge that they are a part of the moral equation. Rather, his administration cites “reproductive rights” and the “right to choose” as if they are absolute and inviolable rights. Bottom line: He believes that unborn children are nothing. Even if they feel pain while the abortionist rips them limb from limb, his administration refuses to acknowledge their lives in any way.
This week marks the 42nd anniversary of the Supreme Court's Roe v. Wade decision. Roe v. Wade has presided over the deaths of 60 million children since 1973. That is the holocaust times ten. Abortion-on-demand is without question the greatest human rights crisis of our time, and President Obama acknowledges none of it. His administration issues a policy statement with more of the same old discredited feminist tropes, and then on the same day has the audacity to claim a concern for the life of “every child” as if their “life matters.” Well clearly President Obama's words aren't true when it comes to children in the womb. If he has to choose between limiting “reproductive freedom” and a regime that allows children to be torn limb from limb, he chooses the latter.
The President may not be able to bring himself to acknowledge the babies, but we should. Their lives matter whether the President recognizes it or not.
My humans were thinking of breeding me, but after deciding that it was too big of a commitment and responsibility, they decided they wouldn't be able to breed me and I would need to be neutered.
I got dropped off at the vet first thing in the morning when they opened. Mom and dad were worried sick, but the procedure went smoothly and I was ready to go home in the early afternoon. I was very groggy when mom picked me up from the vet, but I was lucid and happy to see her. I even drank water and ate a little bit of food that same evening :) but there was lots of sleeping and petting.
I do not appreciate this darned contraption! But mommy pet me all night long and daddy fed me bits of food and treats. I also got a warm compress on my nether-regions which was very soothing.
This weekend, communities all over the planet are mobilizing for climate justice. Many thousands will attend People's Climate March in New York City, which promises to be the largest single climate protest in history -- and solidarity marches will take place the world over. In Québec, the Forum Social Bas-Laurentien will organize many rural Quebecers for social justice causes, with a large focus on environmental issues such as TransCanada's planned export station for tar sands fuel in Cacouna.
Also taking place this weekend in St-Andre-de-Argenteuil -- also in Québec -- is the Camp Line 9 action camp, which will be beginning its 16-day organizing project against tar sands transport and the Line 9 pipeline in particular. The camp will attempt to bring the environmental movement in Québec from the stage of words to the stage of action, and will focus on the reversal of Enbridge's Line 9 -- a near-40-year-old pipeline which passes underneath Canada's most densely populated corridor and, once reversed, has upwards of 90 per cent risk of rupture within the first five years of use.
Line 9: Putting Canadians at risk for corporate profits
When the National Energy Board (NEB) approved pipeline giant Enbridge's Line 9 reversal project last March, the company believed that the debate was over. They had blindsided the public with a large-scale disinformation campaign painting the project as "safe and environmentally sensitive," and had convinced the three individual NEB decision-makers that the project would "benefit Canadians." They had the benefit of Bill C-38's provisions which essentially disallows democratic participation in NEB hearings.
But, as has become apparent in the months since Line 9's approval, the fight is far from over. It has, however, made the move from the courtrooms and the hearings into the streets. The province of Ontario has seen multiple actions taken by citizens' groups over the past few months, notably Dam Line 9 and other blockades of "integrity dig" sites along the pipeline's route. The province has also seen Indigenous actions and community organizing against the pipeline.
The province of Québec is beginning to see such resistance to carbon projects as well. Earlier this summer, a group of citizens walked 700 kilometers across the province along the route of both Line 9 and TransCanada's Energy East. During the march it became apparent that many citizens in affected communities were opposed to the projects, and ready to mobilize against them. According to Camp Line 9 organizer Alyssa Symons-Belanger -- who was also a key organizer of the walk against pipelines -- the camp will seek to "reinforce these already-existing networks, as well as expand the network of information and strategy-sharing for the activist and artistic community."
"We want to demystify the concept of direct action in Québec," she added. "We need to continue bringing attention to the arrival of the tar sands in this province, and bring a sense of urgency to the immediate danger posed by Line 9."
Camp Line 9: Organizing against pipelines and environmental destruction
Camp Line 9 will take place over three weekends and the two weeks which connect them. The schedule during weekdays will be open to propositions for workshops by participants who have knowledge which they would like to share; while the weekend schedules have been planned in advance. The first weekend will be focused on the setup of camp infrastructure; including a greenhouse with a collective kitchen, a media center, a children's area and the tent-city.
The second weekend will see a convergence of citizens' groups from across Québec and beyond. The theme of the second weekend will be an examination of past experience: what has worked, what has not, and what lessons can be learned from the collective past experiences of the diverse groups in attendance. These groups will then attempt to form a calendar of all diverse types of actions during the coming year. From Québec, signed up to attend are, among others, representatives from NON a un Maree Noir dans le St-Laurent, Idle No More Québec, Coalition Vigilance Oleoducs, STOP Oleoduc, the Centre d'Ecologie Solidaire et Applique, and Climate Justice Montreal. From outside Québec, members of the Dam Line 9 blockade will be in attendance from Ontario, as well as Vanessa Gray -- an Indigenous resister to Ontario's "chemical valley" in Sarnia -- and organizers for the upcoming Climate Action Camp in Nova Scotia and opponents of the proposed Belledune export station in New Brunswick, which would see tar sands bitumen brought in by train in huge quantities.
The final weekend is listed as the "action weekend," according to the camp's program. It will be focused on the planning and execution of symbolic direct actions against Line 9. Exactly what form the actions ends up taking is still up for democratic decision-making by members of the camp. Alyssa Symons-Belanger is optimistic. She says that along with a demonstration of resistance to Line 9, she hopes that the members of the camp will "not only be ready for action, but will leave the camp with a deeper understanding of the problem at hand."
"Come and join us," added Symons-Belanger. "This is a defining moment in Québec. We can either choose to move towards climate justice, or we can move towards integration in an emerging Canadian petro-state. This fight is too important to stay home."
Those interested in participating in Camp Line 9 any time between September 20 and October 4 can contact the organizers using the following points of reference:
Official Site: http://campligne9.wordpress.com/
Email: campligne9@gmail.com
Phone: (438) 937-0249
Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/campautogereligne9
Facebook event: https://www.facebook.com/events/960151257344493/
THE CASEY ANTHONY FAN CLUB
Casey Anthony is best know for smoking cigars, and putting bottles into her body cavities. At one time, she did murder her daughter, and somehow, got away with it. In a land where CHILD MOLESTORS get probation and Drug Dealers get life, in America, you can get away with murder. So long as your case is so hyped up in the media that the crime takes a back seat to any actual justice.
Two men from the Midwest, who were MADLY infatuated with Casey Anthony.
(One allegedly has a cigar butt that Casey used as a sex toy. GROSS)
Decided to start a "Fan Club" for those in love with Casey.
"There are no FAN CLUBS for evil people in the world. She may be a murderer, but I will HIT THAT in a heart beat. Genital Warts and all." Explained one founder
"I don't think she murdered her child at all. My kids are all the time tying one another up and playing the storm drain game."
Upon talking to the Gentlemen, they gave us a copy of their newest commercial for their fan club. You can view it below in FULL HD and mediocre GREEN SCREEN!
As shocking as this, there seem to be MORE and MORE fan clubs popping up for the "Infamous" Americans and their crimes.
"Once the American media ruins them, they need to live. This allows them to make some money, buy cigars Champagne, a house... Maybe a car.
We just want to give back to those that have already taken so much."
They ask that you watch the above video before joining the Fan Club.
It may not be for everyone.
Below are some of the other "INFAMOUS FAN CLUBS" that exist as well.
Executed for defending herself against horny assholes.
Guilty of trying to chop fire wood, missing, and hitting her entire family.
Guilty of parking on a boat ramp and having bad brakes.
As you can see, not ALL of these women are guilty.
Women are persecuted 125% more than men because they have a vagina.
This is the actual wording in docket # 34.987 in Franklin vs Jackson 1923.
Support Women Murderers, they are people too!
HBR STAFF
Going into a negotiation with someone who holds more power than you do can be a daunting prospect. Whether you are asking your boss for a new assignment or attempting to land a major business deal with a client, your approach to the negotiation can dramatically affect your chances of success. How can you make the best case for what you want?
What the Experts Say
“There is often strength in weakness,” says Margaret Neale, the Adams Distinguished Professor of Management at Stanford Graduate School of Business. Having power typically reduces a person's ability to understand how others think, see, and feel, so being in the less powerful position actually gives you a better vantage to accurately assess what the other party wants and how you can best deliver it. And when you do your homework, you'll often find you've “underestimated your own power, and overestimated theirs,” says Jeff Weiss, a partner at Vantage Partners, a Boston-based consultancy specializing in corporate negotiations and relationship management, and author of the forthcoming HBR Guide to Negotiating. Here's how to negotiate for success.
Buck yourself up
“Often we get fearful of the threat of competition,”says Weiss. We worry there are five other candidates being interviewed for a job, or six other vendors who can land a contract, and we lower our demands as a result. Do some hard investigation of whether those concerns are real, and consider what skills and expertise you bring to the table that other candidates do not. The other side is negotiating with you for a reason, says Neale. “Your power and influence come from the unique properties you bring to the equation.”
Understand your goals and theirs
Make a list of what you want from the negotiation, and why. This exercise will help you determine what would cause you to walk away, so that you build your strategy within acceptable terms. Equally if not more crucial is to “understand what's important to the other side,” says Neale. By studying your counterpart's motivations, obstacles, and goals, you can frame your aims not as things they are giving up to you, but “as solutions to a problem that they have.”
Further Reading Control the Negotiation Before It Begins Negotiations Magazine Article Focus on four preliminary factors that can shape the outcome. Save Share
Prepare, prepare, prepare
“The most important thing is to be well prepared,” says Weiss. That involves brainstorming in advance creative solutions that will work for both parties. For example, if the other side won't budge from their price point, one of your proposals could be a longer-term contract that gives them the price they want but guarantees you revenue for a longer period of time. You also want to have data or past precedents at your disposal to help you make your case. If a potential client says they will pay you X for a job, having done your research allows you to counter with, “But the last three people you contracted with similar experience were paid Y.” Preparation gives you the information you need to “to get more of what you want,” says Neale.
Listen and ask questions
Two of the most powerful strategies you can deploy are to listen well, which builds trust, and pose questions that encourage the other party to defend their positions. “If they can't defend it, you've shifted the power a bit,” says Weiss. If your boss says he doesn't think you are the right addition to a new project, for instance, ask, “What would that person look like?” Armed with that added information, says Neale, “you can then show him that you have those attributes or have the potential to be that person.”
Keep your cool
One of the biggest mistakes a less powerful person can do in a negotiation is got reactive or take the other person's negative tone personally. “Don't mimic bad behavior,” says Weiss. If the other side makes a threat, and you retaliate with a threat, “you're done.” Keep your side of the discussion focused on results, and resist the temptation to confuse yourself with the issue at hand, even if the negotiations involve assigning value to you or your product. “Know what your goals are and direct your strategy to that and not the other person's behavior. You have to play the negotiation your way,” Weiss says.
Stay flexible
The best negotiators have prepared enough that they understand the “whole terrain rather than a single path through the woods,” says Weiss. That means you won't be limited to a single strategy of gives and gets, but multiple maneuvers as the negotiation progresses. If the other party makes a demand, ask them to explain their rationale. Suggest taking a few minutes to brainstorm additional solutions, or inquire if they've ever been granted the terms they are demanding. Maintaining flexibility in your moves means you can better shape a solution that's not only good for you, says Neale, but also makes them “feel like they've won.”
Principles to Remember
Do:
Put yourself in their shoes — it's crucial to understand what's important to the other side
Remember your own value — you are at the table for a reason
Ask questions — you'll get valuable insight into their motivations and interests
Don't:
Wing it — nothing beats good preparation
Depend on a single strategy — develop a range of responses to push the negotiation in your favor
Copy aggressive behavior — if they make threats or demands, stick to your goals
Case Study #1: Do your homework
Ben Koeneker knew the odds were stacked against him. Then the head of business development for a midsize Midwest telecom company, he was trying to convince Siemens, the multibillion-dollar electronics conglomerate, to give his firm an exclusive distribution contract for a new business communications product. At the time, his $28 million company was known more for refurbishing than distribution. “We were tiny,” he says. “We were the ant shouting at the elephant.”
Koeneker did copious amounts of research prior to sitting down at the table. He researched Siemens products and why their current channels of distribution weren't working well. He also made sure he knew that his own company could deliver on every level, preparing counterarguments for any doubts that might arise. “I knew we couldn't pretend we could do something we couldn't do,” he says.
When the negotiations began, he emphasized the pros of his company's distribution model, rather than the cons he felt currently existed in Siemens' current method. “If you spend too much time talking about the negatives, you're basically telling them that they're doing their business wrong.” He also pointed out that signing with his firm would free up money to devote to marketing, which he knew from his research was something that Siemens wanted.
A turning point came when a senior Siemens executive said that while he was impressed with the proposal, he wondered if Koeneker's company could scale effectively if the product line took off. Two rivals to Koeneker's firm, the executive said, were bigger and could more easily handle growth. “I turned to him and said, ‘Are those two companies interested in distributing your product at this time?'” Koeneker says. “I already knew the answer from my research that those companies had turned them down.” He followed up by adding that while his firm was small, it was better thought of as “boutique,” with the unique ability to focus completely on the Siemens brand.
Shortly after, they inked the contract.
Case Study #2: Know your value
Management coach Ginger Jenks didn't want to lose her client. Michael* had asked her to work on a side consulting project, but balked at her proposed fee. Though he had been paying her usual rate for several years, he went into “hard negotiation mode” for the extra work, Jenks says. “He told me he could get someone else for less than a third of my price.”
Jenks valued Michael's continued business, but she knew she wasn't willing to lower her rate. “I was fairly confident that he wanted me to do the work,” she says, “and I was certain that I did not want to feel ‘nickel and dimed' on the project.” She decided her strongest strategy was not to take it personally that he was acting so insulted by her price. “I knew it was just a negotiating tactic on his end.”
When they met again to discuss terms, Jenks held fast to her initial proposal. She knew from hearing him relate stories of past negotiations that he respected strength and tenacity. She also knew that he valued good work above all else, and likely didn't want the hassle of finding someone new.
At the table, Jenks stressed their great track record together, suggesting that if he could find someone who could do as good a job as he knew she would do, he should go elsewhere. Throughout, Jenks reminded herself that negotiating “is a little like dating,” she says. “If you are too interested, you lose power. But if you can remain calmly interested but still detached, that creates power.”
Michael thought it over for a few days, and then accepted Jenks's original proposal. “It's critical to remember that you have something the other person wants also,” she says. “Even if you aren't in the power position, you have something to offer.”
*not his real name
Focus On: Negotiating
You can't blame Sprint and T-Mobile for trying, but the Federal Communications Commission is heading off a potential caper involving the two ganging up in next year's broadcast spectrum incentive auction. In a blog post, FCC Wireless Bureau Chief Roger Sherman said the commission is proposing new rules that would prevent nationwide mobile carriers from jointly participating in future auctions.
Assuming the commission adopts these rules, that would effectively kill any plans for Sprint and T-Mobile to form a separately funded joint venture to bid in the auction. Last month, the Wall Street Journal reported that such venture was in the works. From Sherman's blog post:
Advertisement
“We must make sure that the biggest providers are not able to limit broad participation in the spectrum auction. As promised in the Mobile Spectrum Holdings Report and Order, we now seek comment on whether and how we should restrict the ability of wireless companies to combine their bids during an auction. “Our goal is to promote the participation of as many parties as possible in the auction. If two of the largest companies are able to bid as one combined entity in the auction, their combined resources may have the effect of suppressing meaningful competition. Therefore, the item tentatively concludes that joint bidding arrangements between nationwide providers should not be allowed.”
If Sprint and T-Mobile do merge, they're actually in a pretty tough spot. Such a blockbuster deal would take a year to get over any regulatory hurdles, and there's a good chance that the FCC or the U.S. Department Justice might shoot it down completely. Meanwhile, the most significant spectrum auction of the decade is scheduled for mid-2015.
The complicated incentive auction hopes to transfer a huge chunk of the 600 MHz UHF TV airwaves over to the mobile carriers for 4G use, and the results of the auction could dictate the winners and losers' mobile broadband strategies for years to come. Sprint and T-Mobile likely won't know until the auction is over whether they would combine their license winnings or be forced to make do with the licenses they win individually. They can't plan ahead.
The situation is even more complex now that Sprint isn't T-Mobile's only suitor. On Thursday French ISP Iliad revealed it has made a $15 billion bid for half of T-Mobile's shares.
While the FCC is cracking down on the big carriers, it is also taking to steps to open up future auctions to smaller players. Sherman said the FCC wants to lift rules that today limit participation in the auction to carriers that build their own networks – a rule that is often sidestepped anyway (just ask Comcast(s cmsca)).
That could potentially open up the mobile industry to small businesses and even startups. Instead of building their own networks they could lease out their spectrum to carriers or partner with larger companies to finance new network construction.
But it also seems to me that such policies could encourage more spectrum speculation, something we've already had a problem with in recent years. Companies could just squat on the public airwaves, waiting for a deep-pocketed carrier to meet its asking price.
In dog training there is always tension when trainers discuss whether they prefer to shape a certain behavior or lure it. Clicker training is a technique where we use a noisemaker, the clicker, to mark/identify the exact behavior that the dog is getting the reward for. You can watch my favorite intro to clicker training video here.
What is Luring & Shaping in Dog Training?
When looking to train obedience behaviors in a dog, trainers usually lure or shape a behavior with clicker training. Luring involved using a food to guide the dog's nose in a certain behavior so that they are likely to do the behavior. Example: lifting the treat up and over the dog's head as they follow it with their nose so that their bottom touches the ground and the dog naturally goes into a sit. With shaping, trainers use the clicker to mark approximations towards the final behavior. Example: to shape a sit a trainer might click and treat each time the muscles in the back legs of the dog twitch, then for any downward motion, then when the tail touches the ground, then for the full sit.
Which is Better?
It's safe to say that neither is better than the other. I use both depending on what I need from the dog. When time is limited, I prefer luring to see quick progress. At the facility I work at, I train 20+ dogs everyday. Each one gets a 5 minute lesson with me. In order to see results more quickly, I use luring more frequently because most of the dogs are completely new to training and don't have an understanding of how to work for rewards which means they don't try to make the clicker go off. I prefer to use food to guide them into the behaviors I'm looking for then click and give them the treat when they get there. I quickly remove the food lure and just use my hand to lure them which then turns into a hand signal to cue the behavior. This gets them repeating the behavior quickly and without hesitation. I'm also not looking to turn these dogs into competition obedience dogs anytime soon.
Shaping takes a little longer because the dog must focus on what is making the clicker go off and try to repeat that movement. Dogs that are new to training barely even know that the clicker predicts treats so it can be time-consuming to wait for the dog to move about trying new behaviors. When I need speed and accuracy, I use shaping. When a dog discovers a behavior on their own that behavior tends to be stronger than one that was lured. Just like when somebody thinks up an idea on their own, they think it's the best idea possible! I love having a thinking dog. One who tries new things to see if it will get him the reward. I believe it gives the dog a sense of empowerment and confidence that luring can't give.
What Can the Dog Handle?
The other thing to consider is the dog, of course! Some dogs are masters at shaping and love guessing what you're trying to teach them and some dogs shut down at the thought of messing up by not guessing correctly. For sensitive dogs, luring is a great way to teach them how to work for food and for them to learn that nothing bad will happen during training. The pressure of having their owner waiting for them to do something can be a lot of stress for a dog to handle. However, if the dog is too shy for you to get close enough to lure, you can start your relationship off by capturing behaviors you are looking for from a distance. This is when you wait for the dog to do the behavior, like waiting for the dog to sit on its own, and then click and treat when they do it. Then there are dogs that shut down at the sound of the clicker, but that's for another blog post all together!
So it's not that one technique is better than the other, but rather it depends on what you're looking to gain through training, the time you have to train it, and the dog you're working with. This is one time where trial and error can be the best way to find out what works for you and your dog. What technique do you use in your home and in your classes? Are they different? Why? Comment below!
It may have taken a little more than two years but McLaren has finally built its final P1. Production of the 375th and final car has just been completed, bringing the curtain down on one of the most advanced and dynamically accomplished supercars ever made.
It was at the 2012 Paris Auto Show that McLaren first rolled out the P1, which back then will still in the concept stage. The production version followed roughly six months later at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show and shortly after all 375 build slots were sold out.
ALSO SEE: Brembo Brake Testing For Formula One Is ...Illuminating: Video
After production of a series of prototypes and pre-production models was completed in the summer of 2013, work on the first customer P1 commenced. Running at full capacity, the special production line set up for the Ultimate Series cars and other bespoke projects managed to churn out one finished car per day, with each individual model taking 17 days to complete on average.
The final car was finished in a unique pearlescent orange, achieved through a special tinting process. The color echoes the shade of the 64th and final McLaren F1 road car, chassis #75. It features subtle styling elements in raw carbon fiber weave, with the finish only visible externally on the splitter, diffuser and the aerodynamic blades along the lower body, while the wheels are finished in silver.
Note, while P1 production may be at an end, the car's more hardcore cousin, the P1 GTR, is still in production, though McLaren expects the last of these to be built in the coming weeks.
As for what comes next for McLaren's Ultimate Series, CEO Mike Flewitt had this to say: “The McLaren P1 has already established itself as an icon and any car that is to continue the lineage of the Ultimate Series will need to be a worthy successor—a significant step change in technology or performance is required to ensure this is the case. The future is undecided at this stage, which is an exciting proposition.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook and Twitter.
As the school year comes to an end, high school seniors are saying goodbye to teachers and friends as they prepare for their journey to college. Over the last four years, these students have paid their dues by making the grades, participating in extracurricular and volunteer activities and cramming for the ACTs and SATs. Their parents have based almost all major life decisions on getting them into a good college, from deciding to reside in a top-notch school district to saving every extra penny in a 529 college savings plan. Finally, all of the hard work and sacrifice has paid off and the students have been accepted into college, perhaps the school of their dreams. Now they face just one more challenge: the financial aid award. What happens if they discover their dream is financially out of reach?
Financial aid can be one of the most confusing parts of the admissions process. The programs and awards offered by colleges and universities are extremely difficult to understand and can even be misleading. One of the biggest concerns I have is the effect this flawed system may be having on today's youth. How many exceptionally bright students are shying away from our top universities because they are perceived as elite?
Sure, figuring out how to pay for college can be scary, but it doesn't have to be. Understanding how the process works and taking advantage of available resources can help parents and students maximize the potential for a rewarding college education.
Financial Aid - What You Don't Know Might Hurt You
Financial aid award letters have become so complex that even highly educated parents are left wondering what their actual out of pockets costs will be. We're all familiar with the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (the FAFSA), which is used to calculate your expected family contribution (EFC) toward college expenses. But what most people don't realize is that hundreds of colleges use their own methods when determining the amount you can afford to pay. These formulas sometimes result in a number that is greater than what was stated on the FAFSA, leaving parents and students baffled. Imagine a middle class family's reaction when they find out their child's school expects them to give up nearly half of their annual earnings to cover costs? And that's just for one child!
To be able to plan effectively, parents and students need to focus on figuring out the net cost of each school they are considering. This may be easier said than done, but it's certainly not impossible. A good start would be to set aside 15-20 minutes to complete the College Board's Net Price Calculator. This personalized tool is a great way to estimate your actual cost vs. the sticker price of particular schools. As you examine your award letters, don't be afraid to contact the school's financial aid office if you have any questions or believe there is any missing pertinent information. Remember that scholarships amounts stated are not always set in stone. I've known families who have received an increase in their award just by asking for it! If you have offers from multiple schools, you can see if your desired school will match or beat them. Once you calculate what your actual costs and awards will be, consider the amount of debt you'll have to incur to attend each school. Too many students mistake loans for grants and wind up struggling with repayment after graduation.
Almost every school is unique in the way awards are given, which is why it is crucial to explore all options. According to a recent NY Times article, the average family with a household income at or below $48,000 paid less than $5,000 out of pocket to attend Harvard, Duke, the California Institute of Technology and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Other schools demanded up to three times that amount. How can anyone expect a teenager to understand all of this? It's no wonder that many low-income families simply assume that top tier schools are out of their reach.
Is Anything Being Done to Solve These Issues?
In an attempt to simplify the financial aid process, the U.S. Department of Education has developed a uniform shopping sheet that colleges may send to prospective students. In addition, they have also started posting online reports that uncover which schools are not following federal rules governing financial aid. While this is a step in the right direction, the shopping sheet is not mandatory so many schools have yet to adopt it, and the online reports are far from user-friendly.
The financial aid conundrum is certainly a societal problem. While it will require more creative solutions on the part of schools, government and the private sector, some of the responsibility must be borne by the parents and students. Start doing your homework now. The FAFSA website is an excellent resource, and even provides an informational video on how the process works. Sallie Mae offers an Award Letter Analyzer Tool that helps students make apples-to-apples comparisons of award letters from different schools. To use the tool, you'll need to register for a free account - just for doing so you'll be entered to win $1,000. How's that for an award?
In my experience those who are determined to attend college will play a significant role in making it happen. Students who work toward reducing their own tuition by means of merit or athletic scholarships or simply building savings from a part-time job will often end up being more successful than those who rely on parents or government-sponsored programs. According to a 2013 national study by the University of California, Merced, students who paid for their own college graduated with a higher GPA than those who had help from mom and dad.
Of course, it's probably unrealistic to expect a high school student to be able to cover an entire tuition bill with a paycheck from a part-time or summer job, but it's not a bad idea to take some of those earnings and stash them away into a 529 account. Every dollar saved will reduce the amount of loans that will need to be taken out, lessen the need for aid and help the student feel invested in their own education.
CTV Atlantic
After more than two decades, professional basketball is coming back to Cape Breton.
The National Basketball League of Canada has announced plans to operate a team in Sydney, but questions about being raised about whether Cape Breton can support a professional basketball team.
The team will play out of Sydney's Centre 200, bringing the total number of teams in the NBLC to nine, with five of those teams based in the Maritimes.
“You're going to get a lot of fun basketball. It's going to be a great time for the entire family,” says team owner Tyrone Levingston, who is also the son of former Halifax Rainmen owner Andre Levingston.
Basketball fan Fabian Smith says he will attend some games, and may even buy a season ticket, but he's skeptical as to whether the team will succeed.
“Is this a strong enough league? Can it sustain itself? Can they overcome the negativity that that generated?” asks Smith, referring to the controversy surrounding the Halifax Rainmen last spring.
The Rainmen forfeited its last game to the Windsor Express in April, citing safety concerns following an altercation between the teams before the final game to determine the champion of the NBLC.
As a result, the league handed out $90,000 in fines, suspended 11 Rainmen players and permanently barred the coach and assistant coach from the league.
The team declared bankruptcy in July.
Sydney has been home to pro basketball before, but the Cape Breton Breakers lasted only two seasons in the 1990s, before their league folded.
“I wish the new owners luck,” says Smith. “They're really going out on a limb.”
But Levingston is confident history will not repeat itself.
“We really, really believe this is a strong league, a growing league, and we want to be part of it,” says Levingston. “If we felt it was unstable, if we felt it was something that could not work, I don't think us or Niagara would have joined.”
Levingston says about 1,500 fans are needed per game to break even.
It isn't clear whether Cape Breton will begin play this season or next. Ownership, which includes local investors Parker Rudderham and Marty Chernin, still needs to come up with about half of the team's $750,000 operating budget in time for the opening tipoff on Boxing Day.
“We want to be here right now. They absolutely want to do it right now, but we want to make certain it's all in place the right way, because we want to be here for a long time,” says league commissioner David Magley.
The team also needs a name, which will be voted on by fans in an online contest.
WIth files from CTV Atlantic's Ryan MacDonald
Red Dead Redemption 2: New Story Trailer Released
So we knew that some sort of information was coming, and thus weren't surprised to see the new Red Dead Redemption 2 trailer dropped. The trailer, as seen below, is set before the original game and stars a new character by the name of Arthur Morgan.
In the above trailer we get to see dear old Dutch and his lovely crew of outlaws. This is the same gang, if you care to remember, that the last game's protagonist – John Marston – was a part of. It was also the same gang that Bill Williamson, the person we were chasing down in the previous game, was a part of. That said it's more than likely that we will see some old fan favorites in the upcoming title.
As of yet there's no release date that we are aware of, but we do know that the game is planned for the upcoming spring.
Please take a second to give us a follow on our Twitter @TheSaveSpot1 or our instagram thesavespot. We're a little gaming website that is trying to be like the little engine that could, but we can't without your support.
With only a week to go before voting day in the hotly contested Alabama Senate special election, Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona is siding with the Democrat in the race.
On Tuesday, Flake posted a photo on Twitter of a check from him for $100, made out to "Doug Jones for U.S. Senate," the campaign fund of the Democratic Senate nominee.
Jones' opponent is Republican Roy Moore, who is embroiled in a scandal over serious allegations of sexual misconduct and assault during the late 1970s and early 1980s. To date, nearly a half-dozen women have come forward to say that Moore pursued sexual relationships with them when they were teenagers and he was a lawyer in his 30s. Two of the women allege that Moore sexually assaulted them when they were minors.
In the memo line of the check, Flake wrote "Country over Party," a reference to his decision to support a Democratic candidate rather than back Moore, the nominee of his own party.
The phrase "country over party" is becoming synonymous with the movement of Republicans who oppose President Donald Trump and see a candidate like Moore — whom Trump formally endorsed on Monday — as exemplifying the erosion of the GOP's core values.
Flake is one of the most outspoken critics of the president in Congress. Earlier this year, in announcing his retirement, Flake said he refused to be "complicit" in the undermining of democratic principles and values. "I have children and grandchildren to answer to, and so, Mr. President, I will not be complicit," he said.
Flake has been even more critical of Moore, however, and his Tuesday donation is an extension of his well-known opposition to the controversial former judge.
Moore and Jones are locked in a tight race heading into election day — a situation that a few months ago would have been difficult to imagine in deep-red Alabama.
Nawaz leaves for London for medical check-up tomorrow
ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif will return to Islamabad today (Tuesday) after three-day stay in Lahore.
Well-placed sources told The News here on Monday evening that he was unwell and had initial medical check-up in Lahore on Monday where he had been advised to proceed to London for his detailed medical check-up, which was due for a number of months but he had been putting it off due to his hectic official engagements.
Prime Minster Nawaz developed minor irregularity in his cardiac functions and for that he got treatment from a London hospital in 2011 well before becoming the prime minister in this stint. He had to undergo a simple procedure but incidentally it got complicated due to negligence of his interventionist cardiologist.
Later, the situation was brought quickly under control through emergent steps and his health returned to complete normalcy in the following days. Since then, he has been advised by his doctors to undergo regular check-up twice a year or at least once in a year.
Sources said that prime minister will be leaving for London tomorrow (Wednesday) with his brief personal staff. Some of his family members will also be present during his check-up in London.
The sources said that Prime Minister Nawaz will be returning Islamabad early next week after a thorough check-up. To a query, sources made it clear that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was going to London due to health reasons and it was nothing to do with the politics or any other development. The kite-flyers must desist from making speculations about it, the sources advised.
In the meanwhile, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif assigned Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif on Monday for his meetings earlier scheduled with the leaders of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League (PML-N). Shahbaz dashed to the federal capital for the meetings and returned Lahore in the afternoon. He had meeting with Federal Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and Finance Minister Senator Muhammad Ishaq Dar and other stalwarts of the party during his four hours stay in Islamabad. He had detailed discussions with the party leaders before returning Lahore. The understanding developed with the opposition for adoption of important bills in the joint sitting of the two houses of the Parliament including one about the Pakistan Intentional Airlines (PIA) was the outcome of the consultations of Shahbaz Sharif with the party leaders here, the sources added.
favorite favorite favorite
who listensto this stuff anyways? I was in Nepal that spring so when I got back to collage I was like unkay no more Long Beach's and I wantee dto go to 11/15/87 again but it was 1989, was in a some what insane frame of mind and didn't love these but they sound good here now .I liked that place on NYE 2016 it was somewhat mellow and the few LA people acting weird were easily tossed down the stairs. I told my mom and sis I was home in Boston when I was right near them at the NYE show because they were like your not going to see that band again, why they said that I don't know I amalways going to see that band andmy sis is also...... anyways long story short, Larry Bird is now so short its weird they would do a Bird song about him at the forum in 1989. What would Jerry say of he heard John mayerat this show? He'd say tshut that baby up I'm trying to do Larry Bird song without thinking about the pound of weed Chief got busted with when he had it Fed--exed to his house in Lexington, Mass. He needed it cause cHIEF was too tall, like his garden(s). Boston garden, msg, the one in his closet etc. Go Celtics, they almost seem like a professional team this year. Go lakers, and larry is your master ,never forget something or other, oh I forgot what it was.....
- February 8, 2016Is itt larry Bird Song or Bird Song
Photo credit: Amazon
We know you love hockey video games. Nothing is ever going to beat this intro.
All sports games have soundtracks, but EA NHL games have featured some wicked tunes over the years. Fellow LMBF pal Kevin Bartman and I decided to break down the best songs these games have had to offer.
11. Scorpions – Rock You Like A Hurricane (2010)
An absolutely timeless rock song. I may be biased because this was always played at the UC, but this song was destined for an NHL game. Plus, Patrick Kane was on the cover, so you can't put it in there. -KB
10. Panic! at the Disco – Nine in the Afternoon (2009)
A goddamn shame that this song didn't get much if any radio play. Not only a great hockey song but a great song overall. NHL 09 was probably the greatest soundtrack of them all and this song sits right near the top. -KB
9. Black Tide – Warriors Of Time (2009)
Much like Nine in the Afternoon, you just get the feeling this song was made for NHL. Don't get me wrong, I am the farthest thing from a metal guy, but this song is fantastic. That's when you know it's good. -KB
8. Wolfmother – Joker and the Thief (2014)
It is impossible for someone to listen to this song and not know it precedes a big-time moment. That big-time moment knew it was time to get jacked to beat the snot out of some kid online or someone close to you. -MB
7. Dropkick Murphys – The Boys are Back (2014)
The boys are back. That's perfect when you're ready to wreak havoc with your favorite custom team, favorite NHL team, or are together with your boys. Song would have been higher had the game not said the boys were “looking for glory.” Nah, they're definitely looking for trouble. -MB
6. Jimmy Eat World – Sweetness (2003)
This is one of the best choruses the game has ever produced. It's a heavy song with a chorus that everyone can't pass up the chance to sing. Pair it up with the nostalgia of all the great alternate jerseys had in NHL and you've got an awesome combo. -MB
5. Brand New – The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows (2004)
The best part of this song is the guitar solo, and EA knew it. Long before the times of 21st century games beginning to incorporate all 30 authentic goal horns and songs into the game, this song would blare on most of the goals scored. It brings back great memories of making your friend look silly. -MB
4. Billy Talent – Red Flag (2006)
This was one of those songs that I don't think anyone had heard of until it was featured in an NHL soundtrack. Another headbanger for sure, and probably one of the more iconic drum intros I have heard. Also, I would be lying if I said the name “Billy Talent” isn't fantastic. -KB
3. Jet – Get What You Need (2004)
The 2004 soundtrack was fantastic, and this song was probably the best one off it. It's one of those songs that would always come on the second you'd fire up the game and decide what game mode you and your buddies were going to play. It starts slow then gets into the uptempo, hard rock Jet is known for. -MB
2. Priestess – Talk to Her (2007)
What a jam. Priestess had another great song in the form of ‘Raccoon Eyes' make one of the other games, but this song hooks you right from the start. Power cords are a staple of NHL games. Power cords and a great solo make this a great, nostalgic NHL tune. -MB
1. Airbourne – Runnin' Wild (2009)
This is one of those rare songs that makes you want to run through a brick wall. Just an absolute headbanger you have right here. Airbourne has more than a few songs in NHL games, and for good reason. Probably a first ballot Chel soundtrack HOF band if there was such a thing. -KB
Make sure to check out Go With The Flow, our NHL podcast on iTunes and Twitter (@GWTFpodcast_).
Advertisements
With Alexander Kerfoot hitting the free agency pool after opting out of signing with the New Jersey Devils (who could blame him?), the question looms where will he sign?
Larry Brooks reported today, that the rangers are one of the finalist in consideration of Kerfoot. Kerfoot has strongly been speculated to lean towards his hometown team of Vancouver, but we all know that organization is a giant question mark right now. Even with the large contracts of the aging Sedins expiring after this season, they are a pretty sizable way out from being a contender or having an identity.
The big question for the former Harvard Captain (who replaced Vesey this past season), is does he want to be in a position to win now?
(Kerfoot & Vesey)
Kerfoot who is following a very similar path as Vesey. Departing from the team who drafted him to test free agency, coming off a great season as captain of the Crimson, and a Hobey Baker finalist. Kerfoot is in a prime position to start his career.
Hopefully with courting from former teammate Vesey, and the prospect of joining a playoff bound team are enough to land him in Blue. Kerfoot could be a great help to the Rangers who are lacking depth at the Center position with the departure of Stepan and Lindberg. It would also be big for the Rangers to get another great prospect, just off the desire to join a winning team and historic franchise.
This would mark the third major signing of free agent rookies for the Rangers in recent years, behind Hayes & Vesey.
Who needs draft picks anyway when all the young guns want to sign with your team anyway?
Even if Kerfoot signed and didn't crack the roster to begin the season, he would add much needed center depth to our prospect pool. It is reported that Kerfoot will make a decision by some point Tuesday August, 22nd.
Advertisements
Server polling and retrying failed operations. With Retrofit and RxJava.
Danylo Volokh Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 30, 2016
A very common case in developing rest application is server polling and retry. When server is doing some job and we need to ask (with some delay) if it's finished, also when we got an error, sometimes we want to retry. I've decided to write about that after I stuck with implementing server polling correctly with RxJava. Eventually I got a good answer about it in this stackoverflow question.
In this article I will explain how easily we can do it with RxJava and Retrofit 1. I assume that you already know how to work with RxJava, Retrofit and how to set up application architecture with these great tools.
A few definitions that I will use in this article:
“Predicate” — a class that is passed to some Observable methods, for Example: Observable.filter(/*here we pass the predicate*/), Observable.takeUntil(/*here we pass the predicate*/).
“Child of Observable” — an Observer that is chained after parents Observable. For example:
Observable
.filter(/*predicate here*/)
.takeUntil(/*predicate here*/)
.subscribe(/*subscriber here/)
Observable returned from takeUntil() is a child of Observable returned by filter(), the Subscriber that is passed as a parameter to to subscribe() is a child of Observable returned from takeUntil().
Server Polling.
This is the case when you are waiting for some job to be done by the server and you have to periodically make an API call to know if it's already done.
Here is sample code:
It looks big, but it's very easy to understand and it's written with elegant chain of operators.
Assume that server returned “isJobDone=true” after third attempt, here is the log:
repeatWhen, call
// at this stage the API call is performed
filter, call response isJobDone=false
takeUntil, call response isJobDone=false
// at this stage the API call is performed again
filter, call response isJobDone=false
takeUntil, call response isJobDone=false
// at this stage the API call is performed for the third time
filter, call response isJobDone=true
onNext response isJobDone=true
takeUntil, call response isJobDone=true
onCompleted
In the next section I'll explain why methods are called in that way.
RxJava internals explained for server polling implementation.
After the http request first of all the call() method of filter() predicate is called.
If we return “false” from filter() it means that result is not satisfying and we should not deliver it to the Subscriber<ServerPollingResponse>. Here we get the following chain of events:
We returned “false”, it means that result was not delivered to the child of filter() aka Subscriber<ServerPollingResponse>. The call to onNext() was passed to takeUntil() Observable and call() method of its predicate was called. We see that “job is not done yet” and we return “false” from call() method of takeUntil(). It means that onNext() and onComplete() of repeatWhen() Observable will be called. When onComplete() is called it causes a resubscribed to the original Observable with 5 seconds of delay. Basically this is causing http request to be called again. Which was our goal.
If we return “true” from filter() it means that this result is satisfying and we get following chain of events:
Result is delivered to onNext(ServerPollingResponse response) of filter's child — the Subscriber<ServerPollingResponse>. Then this result is delivered to call() method of takeUntil() predicate. We also return “true” from takeUntil() because we got the “job done”. Because we returned “true”, the takeUntil() operator calls onComplete() on its child. The child of takeUntil() is filter(). filter() calls the onComplete() of its child — which is the Subscriber<ServerPollingResponse>. takeUntil() unsubscribes immediately, that's why Observable of repeatWhen() will not get a call to onNext() or onComplete() and the http request won't be called again.
The chain is terminated by internal unsubscribe() that is called from takeUntil() operator.
Server polling with increasing the time of waiting on each repeat.
The basic principle is the same. We just need to add a few chaining methods to the repeatWhen() predicate:
Here before each API call the original delay time is multiplied by the value of the attempt. Very simple and effective.
Here is the log:
repeatWhen, call
// here is our first API call
filter, call response isJobDone=false
takeUntil, response isJobDone=false
zipWith, call, attempt 1
flatMap, call, repeatAttempt 1
// wait 10 seconds and run API call for the second time
filter, call response isJobDone=false
takeUntil, response isJobDone=false
zipWith, call, attempt 2
flatMap, call, repeatAttempt 2
// wait 20 seconds and run API call for the third time
filter, call response isJobDone=true
onNext response isJobDone=true
takeUntil, response isJobDone=true
onCompleted
Please find the explanation below.
RxJava zipWith() and flatMap() explained.
I will omit those parts that were explained previously and jump right to the most relevant — zipWith() and flatMap().
After takeUntil() did it's job the Observable returned from repeatWhen() starts its work. This Observable is a combined result of two functions: zipWith() and flatMap(). zipWith(parameter1, parameter2) take values emitted from Observable that came into repeatWhen() which is Void aVoid and value emitted by parameter1 aka Observable.range(COUNTER_START, ATTEMPTS) and passes it into function call(Void, Integer) method. In call() method we can do some stuff with these two parameters and return a value (In our case it's Integer, but it can be anything, if we want something else we just need to change the third generic type in new Func2<Void, Integer, /*change this*/Integer>) but we just return the value we got from our Observable, this value is the repeat attempt. The value from zipWith() is wrapped into Observable that emits this value. And we handle it in flatMap(). flatMap() takes the value and uses it to produce a timer Observable. Timer Observable waits for specified amount of time and passes control down the chain, to the original Observable that does the API call.
We could omit using zipWith() and just use flatMap() inside the repeatWhen().
In this case we would need to have a counter, control the attempt by ourselves and terminate the sequence when we have to stop. But we use zipWith() and RxJava does it for us!
Retry when we got an error
As you know in Retrofit 1 every network error is handled via onError() method.
To implement retry when we lost internet connection or get any http status besides 200 OK we have to use retryWhen() instead of repeatWhen(). And the parameters of zipWith() will be a bit different.
The difference between repeatWhen() and retryWhen() is that repeatWhen() resubscribes when it gets onNext() and retryWhen() does that when is gets onError().
Lets combine repeatWhen() and retryWhen() to poll the server and retry if we failed.
Here is the relevant code:
You may notice that I've wrapped the zipWith() and flatMap() into separate method and used compose to reuse it in repeatWhen() and retryWhen(). Now if we failed we retry, if we got success but “job is not ready yet” we will repeat.
RxJava rocks!
Cheers :)
Activision's been down this road before, but it's not paved with yellow bricks and it sure as hell doesn't lead to Oz.
Back in 2005, a game called Guitar Hero became a surprise hit, letting users play along to popular rock songs with a guitar-shaped controller. Originally published by Red Octane, Activision acquired the company in 2006 and shifted production of new titles into top gear. In 2008, revenue for Guitar Hero III was upwards of $1 billion and the franchise stood shoulder to shoulder with The Dark Night and Miley Cyrus atop the Everest that is American pop culture. The success cast a spotlight on Activision CEO Bobby Kotick and would even see him gracing the cover Forbes magazine. (The subtitle, as you can see, likely didn't do much to foster goodwill among gamers).
However between 2008 and 2009, like a lot of other sectors in the U.S. economy, the bubble burst. Somewhere in the middle of Guitar Hero On Tour: Aerosmith, Guitar Hero On Tour: Decades World Tour, Guitar Hero On Tour: Modern Hits Metallica, Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, and Guitar Hero 5, revenue from music games fell off a cliff and totaled just $700 million in 2009 compared to twice that number the previous year.
By 2011, Activision realized that the pains on their fingers weren't sores from a Les Paul controller but rather splinters from the bottom of the barrel. The company announced in February that it was cancelling further plans to develop all music titles in both the Guitar Hero and DJ Hero franchises. The economic lessons of oversaturation had written their first major chapter in the games industry's history books. And if there's one thing we can learn from history, it's that it so feverishly and indiscriminately repeats itself.
Right now, we are witnessing the golden age of the military first-person shooter. More than at any other time in the industry, publishers are shelling out millions to develop big budget games with cutting edge graphics, grandiose set pieces, and addictive multiplayer experiences. Chief among them is Activision, who's now the sole publisher of the Call of Duty franchise including the best-selling game of all time, Call of Duty Black Ops, and the game that appears right on its heels, Modern Warfare 3. Just like Guitar Hero before it, Call of Duty has served as a license to print money for Activision, and the company has now committed itself to developing yearly iterations of the series while being oblivious to the long term implications this will have on the genre. For any notion that Guitar Hero was an outlier, one needs to look no further than the Call of Duty franchise itself.
It's hard to believe, but not long ago “COD” was synonymous with Nazis, M1 Garands, and how well the latest game resembled Saving Private Ryan. The reason we're here now is because World War II games of the mid-2000s took the phrase “beating a dead horse” and literally beat a dead horse out of it. When Call of Duty 2 hit the Xbox 360 in 2005, the game managed a respectable 2.3 million units sold and earned stellar critical praise. Call of Duty 3 for the Xbox 360, however, increased sales by a mere .29 million units to 2.59m while review scores moved in the opposite direction.
It wasn't until Infinity Ward revived the series with Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare that COD was catapulted to the phenomenon it is today. The game went on to sell over 13 million copies, obliterating countless sales records in its wake. And yet, just how far has the series evolved since then?
Four titles and as many years later, Call of Duty 4's breathtaking single player campaign, arguably one of the best ever in a first-person shooter, has yet to be surpassed. And with the Makarov hunting, scorched earth storyline reaching a conclusion in Modern Warfare 3, the series will struggle to find a new narrative direction devoid of clichés like the rouge Russian superterrorist or World War 3.
Perhaps the best testament to the level of innovation (or lack thereof) in the series' multiplayer is the fact that someone who hasn't bought a Call of Duty game since COD 4 would still feel right at home in Modern Warfare 3. The perks and killstreak systems that have come to define Call of Duty's multiplayer have gone largely unchanged since being introduced in the first Modern Warfare while the game's look and feel are only different in the sense that you're playing on Seatown instead of Overgrown. It's true that Zombies and Spec Ops modes have both been fantastic additions to the multiplayer over the years, but neither pangs of long term renewability.
These obstacles of devising a fresh and engaging new campaign combined with an aging multiplayer format that seems strung out to its breaking point will likely see Call of Duty lose some of its record setting consumer base as yearly titles continue to be released.
Video games aren't some sort of resource that people need like food or water, which can go unchanged for over a lifetime and still be in high demand. Video games are an experience. They need to be dynamic. They need to provide some sort of sensation that gamers haven't felt before or they'll dry out like the skin on Keith Richards' face.
Sure, there's the “everybody's doing it” phenomenon. Part of what made Call of Duty such a sales behemoth is that it feels like one of those games you have to buy. During the holiday season, its ads banner every other website and its commercials interlude every television program while all of your friends play it until 2 in the morning. This perception is so permeating with COD that it can coax the most casual gamers into feeling like they're missing out by limiting themselves to anything less.
This can, and has carried the franchise a long way, but what happens when it works in reverse? How many of us already know someone whom has decided to call it quits after Modern Warfare 2 or Black Ops? How many people will really be able to afford the annual price tag on what now constitutes a complete Call of Duty experience?
Consider for a second that the game alone is worth $60. After 3 or 4 DLC map packs – each worth $15 – or the $50 yearly Call of Duty Elite subscription in which they will be included, Activision is asking gamers to pay over $110 per year for the content of one game. And let's not pretend this is entirely optional to the casual player either. Good luck finding a multiplayer server after a few map packs have been released that caters to those without them.
The advent of DLC is largely due to the fact that gamers want to extend the lifespan of their games without having to pay full price for an annual new release. It's going to be extremely hard for Activision to have things both ways, and while Call of Duty Elite is offering some tasty incentives, I don't see consumers willing to pay $50 yearly when many of its features are available free with other games.
Call of Duty has benefited in the past from the lack of formidable alternatives advertising a similar experience, but that's subtly changing. Battlefield 3 and its 5 million copies sold during launch week, while paltry in the light of Modern Warfare 3's 6.5 million on launch day, has shown that the potential is there for the game to establish a presence among the modern military fps console crowd.
I also wouldn't sleep on Vince Zampella and Jason West. The co-creators of Infinity Ward have since broken off and formed Respawn Entertainment amid a messy divorce that was once thought to be a threat to the development of the Call of Duty franchise. While Modern Warfare 3 doesn't seem to be hollow of any past Call of Duty staples, West and Zampella's next project away from the grip of Activision has every chance of being the next big thing in gaming.
No one is going to be writing Call of Duty's obituary any time soon, and this isn't some devious ploy to short Activision Blizzard's stock while I buy it all up. I'd simply wager that to keep the franchise strong, Activision is going to have to make changes within the next few years to either their pricing structure or the current annual production rate of each installment.
You can only milk a gaming franchise so much before it goes dry. This principle has transcended genres and generations, and it likely won't disappear any time soon. It's unfortunate because while Call of Duty has the potential to become a permanent cultural pastime, instead of allowing each entry to grow and blossom within the culture, the only efflorescence Activision seems concerned with is that of its short run bottom line.
Where do you stand on the future prospects of the Call of Duty franchise? Sounds off in the comments or join our terrific community in the forums!
Although Ceviche is loved throughout Belize, Belizeans cannot claim that they invented it. Ceviche is said to have originated in Peru, where the Inca's marinated raw fish with their local alcoholic maize beverage – Chicha. When the Spanish came and introduced citrus fruits such as lime, it was perfected (there's no arguing to that). I'm not certain if the ancient Maya also enjoyed it – if they didn't – they missed out big time!
This dish is not only appreciated in Belize, it is extremely popular in Central and South America, and also Mexico, where it is part of the traditional Mexican cuisine. And it is becoming increasingly popular in North America and the Caribbean. It goes great as a side dish or Entree and taste's stupendously well with beers.
As for the speculation that Conch is a natural aphrodisiac, I really don't have a clue if it's true. What I do know is that it is very tasty and if you're in Belize you should definitely also try the Conch Coconut Chowder done perfectly in Ambergris Caye.
Shrimp and Conch Ceviche Recipe
Ingredients:
½ lb conch, cubed
½ lb shrimp, whole
5 limes, juiced
2 ripe tomatoes, diced
2 medium red or green onions, minced
1 carrot, minced
1 habanero, deseeded and minced (omit if you can't handle spicy food)
A handful of fresh cilantro, minced
Add salt and pepper to taste
Directions:
Start off with cleaning and preparing the shrimp and conch. Leave the shrimp whole and chop the conch into cubes. Now soak it in some lime juice for approximately an hour or until it gets “cooked” by the acidity of the lime.
Combine all the ingredients and let it marinate for a few minutes.
Now grab some corn tortilla chips and enjoy!
Pin 3 3 Shares
Comments
comments
Collection GratefulDead
Set 1:
d1t01 - Tuning
d1t02 - Jack Straw
d1t03 - Cold Rain And Snow
d1t04 - New Minglewood Blues
d1t05 - Candyman
d1t06 - Me And My Uncle ->
d1t07 - Mexicali Blues
d1t08 - Tennessee Jed
d1t09 - Looks Like Rain
d1t10 - Might As Well
set 2:
d2t01 - Scarlet Begonias ->
d2t02 - Touch Of Grey ->
d2t03 - Man Smart (Woman Smarter)
d2t04 - Terrapin Station ->
d2t05 - Drums ->
d3t01 - Space ->
d3t02 - The Other One ->
d3t03 - Wharf Rat ->
d3t04 - I Need A Miracle ->
d3t05 - Morning Dew
Encore:
d3t06 - Sugar Magnolia ->
d3t07 - Brokedown Palace
Notes
-- Seamless transition between Discs 2 and 3
-- Thanks to Paul Scotton and Joani Walker for the Cassettes
-- Thanks to Gary Field for the patch source
Identifier gd1984-05-08.sbd.walker-scotton.miller.77312.sbeok.flac16 Run time 162:10.04 Source SBD -> Cassette Master -> Cassette (Nakamichi 550/Maxell XLIIS-90) > Cassette (Sony TC-WE475) -> Sony R500 (Pass Through) -> SEK'D Prodif Plus -> Samplitude Professional v8.01 -> FLAC Taped by Transferred/Edited by Charlie Miller Year 1984
We complain all the time about how today's popular country music pretty much all sounds the same, but is this really true from a technical standpoint? That is what one enterprising Audiophile and songwriter set out to illustrate by making a mashup of some of Bro-Country's biggest singles over the last couple of years in a pretty mind-blowing and revealing video.
Posted under the YouTube username “Sir Mashalot,” the mashup takes six songs—“Sure Be Cool If You Did” by Blake Shelton, “Drunk on You” by Luke Bryan, “Chillin' It” from Cole Swindell, “Close Your Eyes”by Parmalee, “This is How We Roll” from Florida Georgia Line, and “Ready, Set, Roll” by Chase Rice—and laid them all parallel into a Pro Tools sound file, changing the tempo and pitch slightly in some cases until they all ran at the same speed, and then pushing play. The six songs represent four #1 Bro-Country hits from 2012 until now, a #5 hit in “Ready, Set, Roll,” and a #11 song in Parmalee's “Close Your Eyes.”
The video starts by selectively moving through parts and pieces of each song to illustrate the stark similarities in beat, melody and lyrical content, and then ends with all the songs running simultaneously together virtually seamlessly.
“My inspiration started when I heard Parmalee's ‘Close Your Eyes' several months ago,” says Sir Mashalot, aka Greg Todd who's real life pursuit is as a Nashville songwriter. “During the chorus, I started realizing it had an almost identical melody/music bed as Blake Shelton's ‘Sure Be Cool If You Did.' So I imported them into Pro Tools, tweaked the key and tempo to line them up, and wahlah- turned out they really were the same song! So I overlapped them together and sent it out to a few friends, thinking it was an interesting exercise.”
“Then, while driving in my car over the next couple of weeks, I started hearing one song after another which I was certain would fit perfectly into the original mashup,” Sir Mashalot continues. “First ‘Chillin' It,' then ‘Drunk On You,' then ‘This is How We Roll,' and finally ‘Ready, Set, Roll.' Each time I heard one, I would race home to plug it into the original pro tools session and yep, another perfect fit. Originally, I had all 6 songs overlapping, start to finish, but the more I listened to the lyrics, the more it occurred to me that it wasn't just the music and melody that flowed together, but the actual lyrical content. So I presented myself with the challenge to create a singular, coherent story line using different snippets from the 6 songs. It took me about 2 weeks for that part of it. If I'm being honest, I think it still has tons of flaws (including some choppiness throughout), but my computer fried and so I finally just decided to get it out there the way it stands now.”
So there you go, it's one big Bro-Country mega song all mashed up together. And apparently Sir Mashalot isn't done just yet. “I am currently writing a song that will fit in as the 7th song of the mashup. I figure, hey- at least the gatekeepers won't be able to say it can't be a hit!”
Who knows, if someone released this to radio, it might be a huge success.
UPDATE: Viral Mashup Exposes Silent Majority of Disgruntled Country Fans
Reports: Victim posted heartbreaking photo before he went missing in floods
imgur Source: A photo of water quickly rising around a truck's windows includes the caption: "And all I wanted to do was go home." Reports say the photo was posted by missing man Darren Mitchell.
imgur Source: A photo of water quickly rising around a truck's windows includes the caption: "And all I wanted to do was go home." Reports say the photo was posted by missing man Darren Mitchell. Image 1 of / 104 Caption Close Reports: Victim posted heartbreaking photo before he went missing in floods 1 / 104 Back to Gallery
Texas floods have claimed many lives and left other victims missing. A viral photo from the point of view of a victim gives a new look at these tragic floods.
Emergency officials suspended their search for 21-year-old Darren Mitchell until the water levels go down. His truck was found overturned near FM 1155 and Chappell Hill in Washington County, according to KPRC.
A photo of what reports call his last moments has been making the rounds on the Internet. The shot shows the water quickly rising around a truck's windows with the caption: "And all I wanted to do was go home."
FULL COVERAGE: Deadly storms spark flooding in Houston region
Truck driven by missing 21 year old Navasota man caught in flood. Called family before he vanished. @KPRC2 4/5/6 pic.twitter.com/PsnvSn9tTa — Joel Eisenbaum (@KPRCJoel) May 27, 2016
The Washington County man called his sister Thursday evening to tell her he was trapped in a raging flood on Rocky Creek, according to KHOU.
Washington County was among the hardest-hit areas as storms hammered spots north and northwest of Houston, according to the National Weather Service. Forecasters said about 18 inches of rain was recorded in Brenham as the storms lumbered eastward Thursday night.
An eyewitness who said she saw Mitchell struggle during Thursday's storms told KHOU what she saw:
"And he got out of his truck, he got in the bed of his truck, he got back out, on top of his truck, and then all of the sudden he got back in his truck. And like maybe 10, 15 minutes after he was in his truck, it just flipped and he top-sided into the water," Lashandoe Smith told KHOU. "It just disappeared. Once it flipped, you didn't see tires, his truck, nothing. It just tumbled over."
TRAFFIC JAM: Cattle flee floodwaters, block U.S. 290
(Heavy rain continued to drench the Houston area on Friday. Watch video from the scene near I-10 below.)
Though his truck was found, Mitchell is still missing.
Two people have died in the storms and another is missing, according to officials.
BREAKING ROADS: Flooding opens giant sinkhole in road north of Houston
Sir Ivan Rogers, the former EU ambassador, is appearing before MPs on Commons European scrutiny committee.
He says that EU negotiations will be on 'humongous' scale not experienced since the second world war.
Sir Ivan warns that the egotiations to leave the European Union are likely to descend into "name-calling" and "fist-fighting" before any agreement can be found
"We are going to have enormous amounts of business running up various different channels and then involve difficult trade-offs for Her Majesty's Government and difficult trade-offs for the other 27 on the other side of the table", he says.
"Obviously, I would expect us and the 27 to be coming at this from very different angles and with very different objectives, but negotiations ultimately only culminate in deals if there is a determination on both sides of the table to make progress.
"That involves generating a momentum and generating an atmosphere so that even when we get into name-calling and an extremely feisty atmosphere - and we undoubtedly will in both exit negotiations and future trade and economic negotiations - there is still an atmosphere to proceed and finalise agreement."
Sir Ivan says that member states negotiating positions will leak as Brussels is a "very leaky place".
Hungry Hungry Hippos Hungry Hungry Hippos being played by four players Other name(s) Hungry Hippos Publisher(s) Milton Bradley, now a subsidiary of Hasbro Players 2–4 Playing time 10 minutes Random chance Medium Skill(s) required Dexterity
Hungry Hungry Hippos (or Hungry Hippos in some UK editions) is a tabletop game made for 2–4 players, produced by Hasbro, under the brand of its subsidiary, Milton Bradley. The idea for the game was published in 1967 by toy inventor Fred Kroll and it was introduced in 1978. The objective of the game is for each player to collect as many marbles as possible with their 'hippo' (a toy hippo model). The game is marketed under the "Elefun and Friends" banner, along with Elefun, Mouse Trap and Gator Golf. The game has been referenced in The Simpsons, Mystery Science Theater 3000, the 2010 Disney Pixar movie Toy Story 3, the 2017 movie My Little Pony: The Movie and the 2001 cult film Donnie Darko. There is also a battle level based on the game in the 2016 Micro Machines game.
Gameplay [ edit ]
The game board is surrounded by four mechanical, colorful, plastic hippopotamuses operated by levers on their backs. When the lever is pressed, the hippo opens its mouth and extends its head forwards on a telescopic neck. When the lever is released, the head comes down and retracts. Colored plastic marbles are dispensed into the board by each player, and the players repeatedly press the lever on their hippo in order to have it "eat" the marbles, which travel down from under the hippo into a small scoring area for each player. Once all marbles have been captured, the player who has collected the most is the winner.
Advertising [ edit ]
Television ads for the game memorably featured a series of brightly colored cartoon hippos dancing in a conga line and singing, "Hungry Hungry Hip-pos!" to the beat. The older theme offered a mini song:
"It's a race, it's a chase, hurry up and feed their face! Who will win? No one knows! Feed the hungry hip-ip-pos! Hungry hungry hippos! (open up and there it goes!)"
The 1980s-era advertisement featured a different song:
If you wanna win the game you've gotta take good aim And get the most marbles with your hippo Playin' Hungry Hungry Hippos Hungry Hungry Hippos
As of 2009, the song in the commercial is now the Elefun and Friends theme song that appears in the first five commercials.
Characters [ edit ]
Happy Hippo (pink), Henry Hippo (orange), Homer Hippo (green), and Harry Hippo (yellow)
There were four hippos in the original version of the game: Lizzie Hippo (purple), Henry Hippo (orange), Homer Hippo (green), and Harry Hippo (yellow). A later edition of the game replaces the purple hippo, Lizzie, with a pink one named Happy. Although this passage states there was a purple Hippo named Lizzie, games that are stamped with a 1978 copyright have a Pink Hippo named Happy. In some versions of Hungry Hungry Hippos, Henry is replaced by a blue hippo of the same name. The fall 2009 North American edition of the game has a lighter blue base with pastel colored versions of the Hippos: Sweetie Potamus (blue), Bottomless Potamus (yellow), Veggie Potamus (green), and Picky Potamus (orange).
Arcade game [ edit ]
In 1991, ICE https://www.icegame.com/[clarification needed] created a redemption arcade version of the game, a supersized resemblance of the board game version. The amount of marbles consumed was displayed at the top of the dome for each player. The more marbles a hippo consumed, the more tickets that hippo's player received.
Film adaptation [ edit ]
In 2012, film studio Emmett/Furla Films has confirmed that they will work on an animated film adaptation of Hungry Hungry Hippos, along with Monopoly and Action Man.[1] The movie's plot and other details are being kept secret. Production is to start in early 2016.[2]
Tournaments [ edit ]
Rogue Judges,[3] a volunteer judging group at Gen Con,[4] ran a "1st Annual Hungry Hungry Hippos World Championship"[5] on Sunday, August 2, 2015.
The Hungry Hungry Hippos World Championships have been held every year since 2015 at Gen Con in the Indiana Convention Center.[6]
A Hungry Hungry Hippos Tournament was hosted at Smash the Record 2017. [7]
Want to save sinking Venice from rising seas? Fight water with water, a new plan suggests.
Injecting billions of gallons of seawater could "inflate" porous sediments under the canal-crossed city, causing the Italian city to rise by as much as a foot (about 30 centimeters), scientists say.
(Read "Charlie Chaplin's Venice" from the new issue of National Geographic Traveler.)
Known to Venetians as the acqua alta, or "high water," flooding driven by high tides submerges the lowest 14 percent of the Italian destination four times a year, on average (interactive map of Venice's flood zones).
And it's only getting worse.
Venice dropped about 5 inches (12 centimeters) between 1950 and 1970, when groundwater was pumped out for industrial uses, according to city data. Currently, though, the city is sinking at a rate of less than two inches (five centimeters) a century, according to a 2002 study in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
But even as Venice's descent slows, the surrounding Adriatic Sea is swelling—with the average local sea level predicted to rise by perhaps a foot by the end of this century, said hydrologist Giuseppe Gambolati, a proponent of the seawater-injection method.
Under the plan, a dozen wells surrounding Venice in a six-mile (ten-kilometer) circle would pump water into the ground over a ten-year period—nearly 40 billion gallons in all (150 billion liters).
"When you inject water, you cause an expansion of the injected formations," said Gambolati, a hydrologist at the University of Padua in Italy.
"If land is settling, then you offset the settlement and sinking stops. [Once] land is stable, you induce an uplift."
View Images
Parting of the Waters
The modest rise could reduce the need for the still-under-construction MOSE floodgate system, aka Project Moses. Segments of the electromechanical system sit on the seabed at each of the Venetian Lagoon's three inlets. MOSE's giant panels are to be inflated to seal off the marshy lagoon when severe floods threaten.
By 2100 MOSE might be needed about 35 times a year if the average local sea level has risen by about 10 or 11 inches (roughly 28 centimeters), according to a 2010 study in the journal Climate Dynamics.
The injection project could reduce that number to 4 times a year, according to a new study co-authored by Gambolati and published in the December 7 edition of the journal Water Resources Research.
For the study, the researchers combined raw seismic data from the 1980s—when oil and gas companies were still allowed to use explosives to delve under the lagoon for geological observation—with more recent data. The result is a 3-D map that depicts the impermeable layer of clay under Venice in unprecedented detail.
That clay, Gambolati said, is key.
"The seawater would be pumped into a number of sandy layers ... between 650 and 1,000 meters' depth [2,133 and 3,280 feet]," he said. "The presence of a clay cover above ensures that the injected seawater will not flow upward. Water will diffuse laterally within the layers it is pumped into."
It's Been Done Before
Used by oil companies, this kind of subsurface fluid injection has previously caused land to rise in California, Canada, and elsewhere, according to a 2010 study.
Civil engineer Ron Wong, an expert in the underground injection of fluids for enhanced petroleum recovery, said the concept of "raising" Venice is definitely feasible if the geology below the city is right.
"We have more than 20 years of experience in Alberta injecting steam or water into the ground, and we have observed a very similar kind of heave, around 30 centimeters [1 foot] of permanent deformation," said Wong, who said heads the University of Calgary's department of civil engineering.
"But it has only worked here in dense sand." Wong said the study appears to show that the ground below Venice has similar properties.
In Alberta, Wong added, high-tech monitoring tools precisely track land as it slowly rises, to make sure the uplift is uniform. "If the heave is not uniform, you can cause a lot of damage on the ground," he said.
The University of Padua's Gambolati said his team's modeling study suggests that the entire city of Venice can be raised in unison to avoid any structural damage that might be caused if some sections rise higher than others.
Not Far-Fetched?
If the injection project is greenlighted, it would take only a year or two to get the decade-long pumping process underway, Gambolati estimates.
The plan is also economical, he stressed, certainly in comparison with the MOSE system.
"We did not make a detailed breakdown of the cost," Gambolati said. "However, offhand, the overall cost could be expected over the range of 200 to 300 million Euros [about U.S. $255 to $383 million].
"Consider that the planned cost of MOSE, as of today, is five billion euros [six billion dollars]," and that's before you factor in maintenance costs, he said.
Let It Flood?
So far, Venice's sometimes submerged streets and squares aren't dimming tourist enthusiasm. In 2011, for example, more than 20 million tourists visited the city, generating some two billion dollars in declared revenue.
The novelty of the acqua alta, in fact, might be one of the city's draws, said journalist Erla Zwingle, an American who's called Venice home for 17 years.
"My husband, who is a native Venetian, said that if the MOSE system were operating, they'd have to open it periodically to let the flood waters flow, because the tourists love it so much," said Zwingle, who writes a blog about everyday life in Venice.
"They take off their shoes and wade into the Piazza San Marco (picture) and take pictures of one another. To them, it's kind of fun."
Even when waters are high, many parts of the city don't flood. Those that do can often be traversed via several miles of passerelle, raised boards laid down by the city. Many hotels keep stores of galoshes or boots on hand.
For Venetians, Floods Are "a Small Nuisance"
The floods, added Zwingle, are relatively short—usually lasting a few hours till the tide recedes—and predictable. "It doesn't happen all the time or even most of the time."
The acqua alta season generally runs from September to April, and if a flood is going to happen, "it's most likely to happen when the moon is full or new, when there's a southeast wind, and/or when there's low atmospheric pressure. It doesn't strike out of the blue," Zwingle said.
"People know in advance, so it's easy to deal with and low impact. It comes up and it goes back down."
To residents, Zwingle adds, flooding is neither fun nor a catastrophe—just a part of life in Venice.
"It's an inconvenience, a small nuisance, but people are used to it all," she said.
"Venetians are the only people who are not excited by the high water. A resident will just pull on his or her boots and pursue a normal schedule," she said.
In fact, Zwingle said, Venetians are more likely to get worked up over more familiar civic concerns, like lack of municipal funding and medical care or failing schools.
God says in a Hadith Qudsi (sacred hadith) about forgiveness:
O son of Adam, so long as you call upon Me and ask of Me, I shall forgive you for what you have done, and I shall not mind. O son of Adam, were your sins to reach the clouds of the sky and were you then to ask forgiveness of Me, I would forgive you. O son of Adam, were you to come to Me with sins nearly as great as the earth and were you then to face Me, ascribing no partner to Me, I would bring you forgiveness nearly as great as it. (At-Tirmidhi)
Sometimes we assume that it is only those who have committed grave sins that need to return to God. But the Prophet said:
“Beware of minor sins. For they add on until they destroy a person.” (Ahmad)
Whatever stage we are at, we seek forgiveness and true repentance. If the Prophet himself sought forgiveness 70 times a day, why do we feel that we have to commit something that is especially egregious in order to ask God to forgive us?
If we think about it, every sin is a black dot. These black dots accumulate until our hearts become hard and do not feel anymore. An example of this is with cursing or swearing. The first time we say something we shouldn't have, we feel this twinge of guilt in our heart. Then when we keep repeating it, it becomes normalized. Why? Because our hearts become enveloped in these black dots.
Yet when we constantly go back to God, seeking His forgiveness, we are reminded. We become humble, because we are forced to face these minor sins that weigh heavily on our hearts and through that our hearts are cleansed. Because we face our sins, we are constantly trying to improve; we do not become complacent. It may seem hard, but a load will be taken off our shoulders with this constant returning to God.
Look at this example of God's mercy when we commit sins.
The Prophet tells us in this hadith:
“The Scribe on the left delays registering the sin of a Muslim for six hours. If he repents (within these six hours), and seeks Allah's forgiveness, they drop if off. If he doesn't, they write is down as a single sin.” (At-Tabarani)
Moreover, if we seek forgiveness sincerely and God accepts our repentance, not only does He forgive us, but He turns those bad deeds into good – imagine that years of sinning could turn into years of rewards. How? God says in the Quran:
Except for those who repent, believe and do righteous work. For them Allah will replace their evil deeds with good. And ever is Allah Forgiving and Merciful. (Quran 25: 70)
How could we not want to return to God, who is truly the most merciful of those who show mercy?
Some Ways of Seeking Forgiveness
Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) taught Aisha:
Verily tawba (repentance) from sin is regretting the action and seeking forgiveness. (Al-Bayhaqi)
The internal component is to regret what we have done – whether it is a small lie, a glance at something we shouldn't be looking at, being heedless or even something greater. The external component is to ask God for forgiveness. The Prophet taught us a few ways how, and these are two of them:
1. The Prophet said:
Whoever says it during the day with firm faith in it, and dies on the same day before the evening, he will be from the people of Paradise; and if somebody recites it at night with firm faith in it, and dies before the morning, he will be from the people of Paradise. O Allah! You are my Lord! None has the right to be worshiped but You. You created me and I am Your slave, and I am faithful to my covenant and my promise as much as I can. I seek refuge with You from all the evil I have done. I acknowledge before You all the blessings You have bestowed upon me, and I confess to You all my sins. So I entreat You to forgive my sins, for nobody can forgive sins except You. (Al-Bukhari)
2. The Prophet also said:
Whoever commits a sin, and then performs wudhu (ablution), then offers prayers seeking forgiveness of God, God will certainly forgive him. (At-Tirmidhi)
After this the Prophet recited the verse:
… those who remember God and implore forgiveness for their sins if they do something shameful or wrong themselves – who forgives sins but God? – and who never knowingly persist in doing wrong. (3: 135)
May Allah make us of those who constantly return to Him for forgiveness as a means to achieve tranquility in our hearts, so that when we finally meet Him on the Day of Judgment, we are of those “who come to Allah with a sound heart.”.
The Day when there will not benefit [anyone] wealth or children, but only one who comes to Allah with a sound heart. (26: 88-9)
Source: http://suhaibwebb.com
TORONTO — Bombardier is taking Metrolinx to court over the transit agency's "threat" to cancel a $770-million contract for light rail vehicles.
According to a statement from Bombardier, the Quebec-based company filed an injunction against Metrolinx with the Ontario Superior Court on Friday.
The statement cited Metrolinx's "unjustified threats to terminate our contract."
"Bombardier has taken this action to protect our employees, protect our legal rights and to allow for the on-time delivery of light rail vehicles to the people of Toronto," the statement said.
Metrolinx responded in a statement of its own, in which the provincially owned transit agency said it was "disappointed" that Bombardier had taken legal action.
"We have been frank in sharing our reservations about their ability to deliver vehicles on time and to a level of quality we expect," the statement said.
"Bombardier's focus should be on getting the all the vehicles delivered on schedule and with the quality expected, not on legal proceedings of this nature."
Bombardier's legal gambit comes three months after Metrolinx issued the company a notice of intention to cancel its contract for up to 182 light rail vehicles.
The two parties reached a deal in 2010 for Metrolinx to purchase the cars, which were to run on the Eglinton Crosstown, Finch West, and other Toronto-area light rail lines.
But the order has been plagued by delays. Bombardier has not yet delivered a pilot vehicle originally scheduled to arrive in 2014, and Metrolinx has publicly expressed concerns about allowing any problems with the order to affect the opening of the Crosstown, which is scheduled for 2021.
Australian selector Mark Waugh was one to take notice of Ross' part in the match-winning 115-run partnership with Brad Hodge, implying that he could be a candidate for Australia's T20 World Cup campaign in March.
MATCH PREVIEW: See the squad and get up to speed on our match against the Perth Scorchers tonight.
“There's probably going to be some players that emerge out of the ruck some players that you wouldn't think possible,” Waugh said in his Channel 10 Big Bash commentary role last night.
“Someone like Alex Ross for example he played beautifully in the Matador Cup and he hit 60 off 30 balls the other night…He's probably the most improved player in Australia.
“There's going to be three of our smokeys come out of the pack.”
Alex Ross swept his way to a crucial 65 off just 31 balls as the Strikers posted 5-187 from their 20 overs #BBL05 pic.twitter.com/dBfbE7d8FV — cricket.com.au (@CricketAus) December 18, 2015
The accolades follow not only Ross' exciting half-century against the Stars, but also his brilliant form in the Matador BBQ's One-Day Cup earlier this year.
The 23 year-old right-hander produced two match-winning knocks of 88* and 97* to steer the Redbacks to victory against the Bulls and Bushrangers, earning himself a reputation as a clutch performer as well as a talented strokemaker.
He was also denied of a well-deserved first-class century against Queensland just a few weeks later, after being left stranded on 92 not-out in their third Sheffield Shield match of the season.
CLUTCH: Alex Ross and Kane Richardson come up huge in Redbacks Matador thriller.
Strikers keeper-batsman Tim Ludeman was another to publicly predict a big performance from Rossy in BBL|05 when speaking to adelaidestrikers.com.au prior to the Stars game last week.
“Alex Ross has been in really good form, expect him to clear the pickets a few times I reckon,” he said.
Hopefully for the Strikers there's a few more sparkling knocks left in him over the course of the Big Bash before he presses his case for higher honours.
To watch baseball is to hope up until the very last minute. In no other game can your team be losing by five, 10, thousands of points, and can you believe there is a chance, however slim, that they might still come back.
You're not up against a clock in baseball. You're up against something far more cruel, grueling, and unpredictable: mental focus and physical stamina, both yours and your opponent's. You can stay alive for three pitches or for 12. You can rally for a single, or for four home runs to win the damn thing. You can hope the other guys crack first.
Which is why endings in baseball are so shockingly sudden. There is no slow realization that this is the end, there's just the end. If you win, the high is higher than most other sports-related euphorias. This is because relief is the greatest feeling in the world. A baseball W, a release of the glorious tension that builds through nine innings of waiting, floods your system with relief. It courses through your veins. It lifts you up by your ribcage.
And, as much as it pains me to imagine as a Red Sox fan, I guess Yankees fans felt that elation on Wednesday night — or maybe it was early Thursday morning by then (that's the thing about the whole “no clock” situation, you have to stay up very late). Aroldis Chapman struck out Austin Jackson and that was that. The Indians were out. The Yankees advanced. I felt sick.
But you know how Indians fans probably felt? Gutted. One minute Cleveland Hope was alive, standing on the edge of a cliff, and the next it had fallen off and was lying dead atop a pile of crushed peanuts shells and empty beer cans.
Cleveland Hope isn't your standard, run-of-the-mill, postseason baseball hope. No, Cleveland Hope is tough. It has somehow hung on since the last time the Indians won a World Series in 1948, and it has seen some shit. It went through an entire season, postseason, and seven-game World Series last year only to suffer a tragic and heartbreaking death at the bats of the Cubs.
Cleveland Hope was resurrected and came back this year anyway, the way it always does: bruised and battered but still looking up. It flapped its wings and soared to new heights in September when the Indians steadily racked up 22 straight wins, more than any other team in the history of baseball.
And then the Yankees, those assholes in pinstripes, those fat cats of baseball, those gloved wolves of Wall Street, those ring-laden New Yorkers, ripped Cleveland Hope out of the sky and twisted its head off, like the bad guy who breaks into Harry and Lloyd's apartment in Dumb and Dumber and kills their bird.
“OUR PETS HEADS ARE FALLING OFF!”
Did you hear that? That's the cry of a now-Hopeless Cleveland fan who somehow got trapped in this blog's metaphor. Poor thing. This guy can't escape the content management system of this website, just like the rest of Indians fans can't escape the fact that it's all over. That they have to wait yet another 12 months for yet another shot at yet another postseason once Cleveland Hope's broken wings have set.
I went through the painful death of postseason Boston Hope at the hands of the Yankees in 2003. But I didn't have to do it again a year later. Instead, the Sox won the World Series and I got to experience the relief that comes when decade-old Hope stays alive long enough to become Victory. Cub fans felt that last season.
Cleveland fans won't get that this year. That sucks so much. Like, so, so, so much. It seems upsettingly fitting that in 2017, the Evil Empire has trampled a team in five battles and is now marching towards an ever-increasing chance of winning the whole dang war.
So here's to Cleveland, the City Where Hope Springs Eternal, as the old Ohioan saying goes. Your Indians put up a valiant fight; may your wings heal soon. I'm so sorry it had to end like this. But then again, in baseball, it always does.
++HAPPY 12th ANNIVERSARY, BPAL!
The Phoenixes will be live until January 6, 2015.
Happy birthday to my oldest (and orneriest!) child, Black Phoenix Alchemy Lab!
(Wait… does this mean BPAL is about to enter puberty?!)
Twelve years. We could not possibly have come this far without the help of our tribe…
The friendships – the /family/ – that I have because of BPAL has enriched my life in ways I never could have imagined. I can't emphasize how much that means to me. Thank you for enabling me to give life to my vision, and for sharing my love of so many bizarre, horrible, beautiful, macabre, goofy, and terrible subjects.
Thank you for your kindness, your support, and for your friendship.
Thank you for sharing your triumphs, joys, loves, and sorrows with us, and for giving me the gift of a massive extended family.
I don't have words for how important our community is to me. Thank you.
With all of my love, and in no particular order…
Thank you, Brian, for being the best partner and friend I could possibly have. You are Virgo Prime, and as I have said before – without you, BPAL would be an abstract set of drifting Piscean ideas. Thank you for all the hard work, blood, sweat, and tears that you grind out to keep our insane Rube Goldberg machine running. I love you, and I am grateful for your friendship and love.
Ted, I love you. Hear my soul speak: the very instant that I saw you, did my heart fly to your service. (It's true: I even remember what socks you were wearing that fateful day.) You are my heart, my soulmate, my bright morning, and I love you more with every breath I draw.
Thank you, my Lilith, my little heart, my merry muse. Every moment with you inspires me, and I am grateful and honored to be your mother.
Thank you, Chrissy, for being the best of all possible assistants, in this universe or any other. Thank you for your boundless creativity, your patience, and your infallible Gemini plate-spinning skills. You are an amazing person, I am grateful to you for everything you do, and I love you.
Thank you, Jacquelynn, for all of your hard work, dedication to keeping production flowing, and ingenuity in all things. Thank you for everything you do to keep our wheels turning. You are a wonder!
Thank you, Lisa, for your wit and wisdom, for your kindness and patience, and for the pleasure of your friendship. You are a saint, and I love you!
Thank you, Piolet, for being an oasis of calm, no matter how crazy things get here! I am so thankful for you and for all you do for us!
Thank you to Sue and Del at Dark Delicacies for… everything. Just everything. Thank you for providing a second home for Black Phoenix, thank you for your time, patience, and energy during our crazy events, and thank you for being the most wonderful of friends and the greatest grandparents a little demoness could possibly ask for! I love you!
Thank you, Ashley, for being such a tremendous help at Trading Post. You are brilliant – an amazing person – and I am grateful for all that you do!
Thank you, Sara, for all the love, passion, and dedication that you imbue into every BPAL event. I am grateful for all you do, and for your huge heart and elegant artistry. You are a wonderful person, and it is a joy being your friend. Love you!
Kaitlin, you are a phenomenon. There are no words for how grateful I am for all of your help, for your patience, for your kindness, and for your friendship. You are an absolute saint, and a truly beautiful person. I love you, wumman!
My love, thanks, and eternal gratitude to my sisters, the moderators and admins at bpal.org. You are dearest to my heart, the best of friends, and my sisters in every sense of the world except bloodline. Thank you for being my confidants, for holding my hand when my heart is heavy, and for sharing my joy when life is goin' pretty alright. I love you guys.
Thank you, Shana, for always being there for me! Thank you for your effervescent humor, bright cheer, and limitless enthusiasm. You are a force of nature! I love you!
Thank you, Forest, for being you. Your compassion and nobility of spirit is an inspiration, and I'm truly thankful for our friendship. I love you, fartface.
Thank you, Em, for always being there for me, for always having my back, and for being an absolutely amazing friend. I value your wisdom and counsel so, so much. Thank you. I love you!
Thank you, Ali, for being my living, breathing Chicago (Manhattan) Manual of Style. Thank you for always being there for me, for being a constant source of inspiration and aid, and for ensuring that my words don't come out like asdkjfhaslkjdhflsakjhdflkajshsnert. You are wonderful, and I love you.
Thank you, Tom, for everything you do to help us while we're on the road, and thank you for doing all you can to integrate Black Phoenix into your work. I love you so, so much, and I'm grateful for our friendship!
Thank you to Jen, Lisa, Tom, Sara, Lilith, Kat, Chrissy, Michael, Donna, Andra, Ali, Courtney D., Courtney W., Val, and Maggie for making this year's travelling Snake Oil show possible. Thank you so much for all the hard work you put into the events, and for being there for us. We couldn't do it without you.
Thank you, Lisa T., for single-handedly reviving Dirty South Will Call. You are one of the most amazing women I know, and I love you.
Thank you, Jen and Karyn, for resurrecting bpal.org. Without your efforts, the forum would have died a horrible, much-lamented death. You have no idea how grateful I am. I love you.
Thank you, Donna, for babysitting BPAL again! Thank you for always making me laugh, and for giving me much-needed hugs whenever I'm down. I love you more than words can say!
Thank you, Andra, for keeping my fires lit, and for being such a true and amazing friend. I love you so much!
Thank you, Courtney, for being my New England Sister! Thank you for all of your generosity and kindness! Your love makes Black Phoenix stronger, brighter, and more suffused with joy. I love you!
Huge amounts of love and HUGE amounts of gratitude to Laura Hall and all the wonderful people at Laika studios. Your generosity and kindness is beyond measure.
Thank you to Thomas, Melissa, Chandra, Kat (and Thomas Jr!) at Century Guild. You are wonderful people, and I love you!
Thank you to Neil Gaiman, Jim Jarmusch, Peter S. Beagle, Kelly Sue DeConnick, Terry Pratchett, Carolyn Hennesy, Terry Moore, Mike and Christine Mignola, George Perez, Peter David, Molly Crabapple, Mark Waid, Thomas Negovan, Storm Constantine, Matt Wagner, Jim Henson Productions, Brian Pulido, Joseph Michael Linsner, Gris Grimly, George RR Martin, Clive Barker, Mark Miller, David Mack, Gail Potocki, Erin Morgenstern, and Ysanne Spevak for giving Black Phoenix the opportunity to interpret your work.
Thank you to the noble souls at the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund and the Hero Initiative. You are an inspiration.
Thank you, Charles, for being an inspiration and a true friend.
Thank you, CP, for being an incredible friend. Your kind soul and radiant spirit illuminates everything and everyone you touch.
Love and thanks to the artists that have lent us their talent: Adam Hughes, Alicia Dabney, Julie Dillon, Emma Rios, Madame Talbot, Quique Alcatena, Jennifer Rodgers, Manda Lander, Keri Newton, Nick Pavik, Tanya Bjork, Andrew Fogel, Brian Kessinger, Abigail Larson, Aidan Casserly, and Sarah Coleman!
Love and thanks to Think Geek, Century Guild, the Mütter Museum, Haute Macabre Heretic Salon, Whole Foods, Pretty Indulgent, Healthy Living, and Dark Delicacies for giving our products a home in your stores!
Love and thanks to the bloggers, journalists, magazines, and other media outlets that taken the time to write about Black Phoenix. Honestly, I cannot thank you enough.
And last but certainly not least, I'd like to thank my ancestors, all the gods (both celestial and infernal), the House Ghost, and anyone else that might be looking out for me.
I wrote this many years ago, and it's just as true today as it was then:
‘Thank you for sharing our joy and for standing with us during difficult times. The family that has grown around BPAL is like no other in the world. Every time I wander into the forum, I see people supporting one another in times of need, showing selfless kindness and offering support to one another… to me, you all are models of emotional generosity and true friendship, and it is truly an honor to be a part of your lives. I cannot express my gratitude enough. Thank you for celebrating the beauty of living with us, and for holding our hands during times of stress and sorrow. This year has been turbulent for just about everyone we know. It's been a hard year filled with challenges and hidden lessons, but none of it is insurmountable because we all have this tremendous, genuinely loving family. Thank you.'
There is a happy spot, retired in the first East, where the great gate of the eternal pole lies open. It is not, however, situated near to his rising in summer or in winter, but where the sun pours the day from his vernal chariot. There a plain spreads its open tracts; nor does any mound rise, nor hollow valley open itself. But through twice six ells that place rises above the mountains, whose tops are thought to be lofty among us.
President Donald Trump has replaced chief of staff Reince Priebus with Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly, he said Friday afternoon on Twitter.
The announcement came after the failure of the Republican health care repeal bill, and as White House personnel fights exploded in dramatic fashion. Priebus had increasingly been the subject of Trump's ire, as his agenda has been stalled on Capitol Hill.
The former Republican National Committee chairman has repeatedly clashed with new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci, who had threatened to push Priebus out of the White House. Priebus allies in the White House have been under pressure for months, with former Press Secretary Sean Spicer resigning last week after Scaramucci's hiring and Assistant Press Secretary Michael Short quitting after Scaramucci divulged to a reporter his intent to fire him.
A source close to Priebus told TIME that the chief of staff resigned privately Thursday. Priebus accompanied Trump on a trip to New York Friday afternoon, and Trump's tweet was sent as the pair were on Air Force One returning to Washington. Nearly all White House staffers, including several Assistants to the President, were unaware of the news before Trump tweeted. Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump were supportive of the move, an official said.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“Reince is a good man,” Trump told the White House traveling press corps gathered at Andrews Air Force Base outside Washington after the news broke Friday afternoon. “John Kelly will do a fantastic job. General Kelly has been a star, done an incredible job thus far, respected by everybody. He's a great great American. Reince is a good man.”
White House officials spent the afternoon and early evening Friday processing the news and attempting to discern who else might follow Priebus out the door. Embattled chief strategist Steve Bannon, who has also clashed with Scaramucci, Kushner, and Ivanka Trump, tried to highlight his long relationship with Kelly inside the White House Friday.
Priebus' departure comes as Trump's ties with his adopted party have frayed, with the defeat of the Senate healthcare bill early Friday, the ongoing Russia investigation consuming Capitol Hill, and tensions over his foreign policy agenda. Lawmakers have looked to Priebus as a source of ideological stability for the president, relying on him to pressure Trump against attacks on Republicans and to keep the president from straying too far from party orthodoxy.
The surprise appointment raised a number of questions. Not least was the challenge of finding a new chief for the Department of Homeland Security. When Kelly was confirmed, the President's ideas about border security, the wall on the U.S.-Mexican border was a campaign promise and little more, and the ban on individuals from Muslim countries were still notions and not policy. Confirming a new Secretary for Homeland Security will be treated as a referendum on the first six months of policy coming out of the Department. The travel ban — or “Muslim ban,” as Trump called it against the advice of lawyers — could dominate the hearings. “Goodness, this could get messy,” said one senior Republican aide on Capitol Hill.
The Senate is already lagging in confirming Trump's nominees, and the hole Kelly leaves will be tough to patch in a timely fashion. The Senate is set to leave next month for an abbreviated August recess, and it's not likely anyone is eager to rush through a nominee to oversee the sprawling Department of Homeland Security. “He doesn't make this easy, does he?” a second Republican aide in the Senate responded dryly by text message.
Separately, elevating Kelly, a well-respected General, to a key political post does little to calm leaders in Congress. In Priebus, they knew they had a political animal on the inside, even if he wasn't as well-versed in the legislative process. In Kelly, they have an absolute neophyte.
But, among Republicans on the Hill, there was also some head-scratching. What, they wondered, does Kelly know about domestic policy issues like taxes and health care? How much authority would Kelly have in shaping the direction of the White House agenda, and can he get Trump to focus on a few deliverable priorities? He brings a military discipline to the office, not dissimilar to Colin Powell's time as National Security Adviser to Ronald Reagan.
Kelly's inexperience in his new arena, argued a third Hill staffer, could help empower people inside the White House like legislative liaisons Marc Short and Joyce Meyer to have the room to run their offices. With fights on taxes and infrastructure looming, leaving veterans of Capitol Hill offices to represent the White House could ease the process—and, in turn, increase the authority of Vice President Mike Pence, a former member of the House with close ties to the conservative base there.
Priebus was an experienced political hand, but was not viewed as a particularly strong manager. Some White House aides are hoping Kelly brings the skills needed to professionalize and streamline the West Wing. But it is not yet clear how empowered he will be in the role.
Trump has embraced a nontraditional West Wing structure. He maintains more than a dozen direct-reports, weakening the power of the chief of staff role. Priebus had struggled with the usual expectations of the job, but was never fully entrusted by the president with its powers.
It has been one of the greatest honors of my life to serve this President and our country. I want to thank the President for giving me this very special opportunity. I will continue to serve as a strong supporter of the President's agenda and policies. I can't think of a better person than General John Kelly to succeed me and I wish him God's blessings and great success.
“It has been one of the greatest honors of my life to serve this President and our country,” Priebus said in a statement distributed by the White House. “I want to thank the President for giving me this very special opportunity. I will continue to serve as a strong supporter of the President's agenda and policies. I can't think of a better person than General John Kelly to succeed me and I wish him God's blessings and great success.”
Priebus' departure marks a period of record personnel turnover in the White House. Since Inauguration Day, Trump has now parted with his chief of staff, deputy chief of staff, national security advisor, press secretary and communications director, among other less senior aides.
Write to Philip Elliott at philip.elliott@time.com.
The nation's finest up-and-coming quarterback prospects came together in Los Angeles this weekend to compete in the Elite 11 semifinals camp. The Elite 11 camp is run by former Super Bowl champion Trent Dilfer and annually attempts to find the best high school quarterback in the nation.
The winner of this weekend's camp MVP was South Carolina commit Brandon McIlwain of Newton, Pennsylvania. McIlwain's is only listed as a three-star prospect at this point, but after this weekend's results, his stock is sure to rise.
Several of the nation's top quarterbacks attended the camp, including Auburn commit Woody Barrett, Alabama commit Jalen Hurts, Georgia commit Jacob Eason, LSU commit Feleipe Franks, Tennessee commit Jarrett Guarantano and Ole Miss commit Shea Patterson.
Article continues below ...
Previous alumni of the Elite 11 include Andrew Luck, Matt Stafford, Jameis Winston, Tim Tebow and Matt Leinart.
April 02, 2017 Potent round of severe storms and flooding to engulf central, southern US through Monday
By Renee Duff, AccuWeather meteorologist April 02, 2017, 9:14:46 PM EDT
For the latest reports on the tornadoes and flash flooding threatening the south-central United States, click here.
Severe thunderstorms will heighten the risk for flooding and property damage across the western and central Gulf Coast states through Monday.
A storm that brought accumulating snow to the Intermountain West during the first half of the weekend will strengthen rapidly over the South Central states into Monday.
“Gulf moisture will be rapidly pulled northward into the South this weekend, setting the stage for very heavy rainfall,” AccuWeather Meteorologist Evan Duffey said.
On Saturday and Saturday night, storms that fired across Texas resulted in softball-sized hail, destructive flash flooding and multiple tornado warnings.
In Del Rio, Texas, almost 5 inches of rain fell in under three hours, resulting in widespread flooding and prompting water rescues late on Saturday night.
Severe thunderstorms and flooding will continue to slowly shift eastward through Monday.
The bull's-eye of most intense rain and thunderstorms will push across eastern Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi through Sunday night, before shifting and expanding across the interior Southeast on Monday.
“The moisture content in the atmosphere will be near record levels for this time of year,” Duffey said.
This will result in intense rainfall rates of 1 to 2 inches per hour, which will inundate storm drains quickly and cause flooding on neighboring streets and lands. Leaves and other debris should be removed from storm drains to help rain water drain properly.
Very heavy rain and thunderstorms will continue to inundate portions of central Louisiana and Mississippi through the night. Rainfall totals have already exceeded 5 inches in many places from southeast Texas through central Louisiana.
This heavy rain has already led to street and urban flooding in many towns. With more heavy rain through the night, major flooding will develop from just north of Beaumont, Texas through Alexandria, Louisiana to Vicksburg, Mississippi. Rainfall totals across this area can reach 5 to as much as 10 inches in some areas.
RELATED:
Key items to stock in your storm shelter
6 life-threatening tornado myths debunked
Are you AccuWeather Ready?
Severe thunderstorms accompanying the intense rainfall will pose an additional danger to the region.
The threat for severe weather, including tornadoes, will encompass eastern Texas and the lower Mississippi Valley through Sunday night.
AccuWeather Senior Storm Warning Meteorologist Rich Putnam anticipates destructive winds, large hail and tornadoes with the strongest thunderstorms.
Some of the tornadoes could track for dozens of miles and be hidden by torrential rainfall.
The hail could be large enough to dent cars, smash windows and harm anyone caught outdoors, while the winds could knock down trees and power lines.
Motorists along Interstate 10, I-20, I-30, I-45, I-49 and I-55 will face treacherous driving conditions with almost zero visibility in the intense thunderstorms.
Airline travelers should prepare for delays at major airport hubs, including Houston, Dallas-Fort Worth and New Orleans.
Beyond a midweek storm that will track much farther north and bring thunderstorms to the Southeast, severe weather and significant rainfall will remain largely absent from the South through the second weekend of April.
Report a Typo
Spoiler alert: The Seattle Seahawks selected Colorado safety Tedric Thompson with the 111th overall pick of the draft. The video of John Schneider and Pete Carroll calling Thompson to notify him of their intentions to take him made some waves because of Thompson's emotional reaction to the news.
Well, we have video of the “reverse angle” now too.
Thompson's brother made a video of their experiences of waiting on days one and two (with no such phone calls) and the agony of that, coupled with the ecstasy of Tedric getting the phone call on day three. Get to know Thompson's family and a bit of who he is as a person and a player with this short documentary. It's hard to watch it and not feel like you're already pulling for Tedric to have a long, productive career with the Seahawks (why wouldn't you anyway, but I'm all for a little extra tug on the heart strings).
The good news: Thompson was arguably the best coverage safety in the nation last year and could make teams regret that long wait on draft weekend.
Much to the disappointment of more than 100,000 users, Latvia's largest BitTorrent tracker has been shut down by the authorities. Following a joint operation by Lativa's Economic Police and a local IFPI-affiliated anti-piracy agency, two administrators were placed under arrest.
File.lv, Latvia's largest BitTorrent community, was taken offline a few days ago. The 100,000 member trackers reportedly went dark after a joint effort by the Latvian Economic Police and the IFPI-affiliated Latvian Music Producers Association, otherwise known as LAmpA.
According to various Latvian reports, the site was taken down and two of the main administrators placed under arrest. Other gaming and sport related projects connected to the tracker also disappeared. Reports suggest that up to 40 servers were seized.
The two admins, believed to be known as FileX and Tralivali, are believed to have been detained by the Economic Police, an outfit similar to the Dutch FIOD-ECD which was involved in the closure of OiNK. As usual, rumors are circulating that prolific uploaders are also being investigated, although that is far from certain at this stage .
Reports indicate that in 2007, admin ‘FileX' received a letter from a German media company which requested the shutdown of File.lv. Failing that, it was demanded that File.lv should at least block users with a German IP address, with legal action threatened should they not comply. It's unclear whether or not the site complied with the request, or if the threatened action is connected to the site's recent disappearance.
Almost exactly 12 months ago, the Economic Police and public prosecutors met up at a ‘cyber-crime' summit in Sigulda, Latvia, to discuss how piracy on the Internet could be detected and recorded in a fashion acceptable to the courts. One of the guest lecturers at the meeting was Jeremy Banks, head of Internet anti-piracy operations at the IFPI.
With this news about File-lv, it sounds like it took them a year to get organized.
If you are Latvian and have any further updates, please email us at [email protected]
Update: It appears that most of the other well known Latvian trackers that were hosted in Latvia at the time of the raid have now temporarily shut down as a precaution. This is the first time in Latvia there have been actual arrests in connection with a torrent site.
Update2: Additional details coming in from this report. According to the site's host, 3 servers were seized. Additionally, it's being reported that the site used a “buy upload credits via SMS” system.
Theresa May is to ask the police whether they need stronger powers to ban known hooligans from marches and to order the removal of face masks, in the aftermath of the violence following the anti-cuts protest on Saturday.
"I want to condemn in the strongest terms the mindless behaviour of the thugs responsible for the violence," the home secretary said of the violent clashes in the West End and Trafalgar Square that took place away from the TUC- organised march.
She told MPs that 56 officers were injured during the London protests, including 12 who needed hospital treatment, and that she expected the total of 149 people charged to rise as the police go through the video evidence, as was the case after last December's student protests.
May won the backing of Labour for a swift Home Office review of police powers to deal with the "few hundred mindless idiots", but any changes could face practical problems.
Opposition MPs, meanwhile, were irritated by the home secretary's failure to distance herself from a claim by Boris Johnson, the London mayor, that Ed Miliband would have been "quietly satisfied" with the violent protest scenes.
May disclosed the review of police powers when she answered an urgent Commons question on the policing of the anti-cuts march. It is believed that she only went to the Commons reluctantly at the insistence of Downing Street who wanted to volunteer a full statement.
She said the Home Office review would look at whether the police feel they need further powers to prevent violence before it occurs. She said that the police operation had, on the whole, been a success even if they had not managed to prevent every act of violence.
The police had, however, been successful in preventing wider criminality.
May said: "I am willing to consider powers which would ban known hooligans from attending rallies and marches. And I will look into the powers that the police already have to force the removal of face coverings and balaclavas. If the police need more help to do their work, I will not hesitate in granting it to them."
Her sentiments were strongly supported by the shadow home secretary, Yvette Cooper, who said it was vital that a violent minority were not allowed to undermine the power of peaceful political protest. "These incidents have been increasing every time there is a crowd event and frankly people are fed up of it," said Cooper. "Co-ordinated and determined action was successful some years ago in tackling football hooliganism which used to hijack crowds and frustrate ordinary fans." Powers to ban football hooligans from attending future matches or from travelling abroad could be used as a template for banning violent hooligans from attending marches. But there are some serious practical difficulties involved.
It is one thing to ban someone from attending a particular football ground where everybody can be screened going through a turnstile or from travelling abroad by confiscating their passport. But it is another thing to ban someone from going to a city centre.
It may be however that an extended power could prove useful in dealing with persistent offenders so that the penalties they face on being arrested for public disorder or criminal damage offences could escalate because they have already been issued with a banning order.
The review of the power of the police to order protesters to remove face masks follows a complaint by Metropolitan police commissioner, Lynne Owens, that they had tried to do this late on Saturday afternoon - but those involved simply put them back on again.
The power comes from section 60aa of the 1994 Criminal Justice and Public Order Act which allows the police to order people involved in violent or intimidatory protests to remove disguises or any face coverings they are using to conceal their identity. Police already have the power to seize the face covering but there is no separate stop and search power for disguises.
The numbers game
The home secretary, Theresa May, surprised some when she told the Commons that up to 500,000 people went on the TUC's anti-cuts march on Saturday.
It is a well-established practice for official and police estimates of any big demonstration to halve the organisers' estimate. Journalists have been known to simply pick the number halfway between the two as likely to be closest to the truth. In this case the TUC forecast that 250,000 might turn out. Brendan Barber, the TUC general secretary, in his speech to the rally simply spoke of "tens of thousands". Afterwards the TUC estimated that 400,000-500,000 had marched.
So it was refreshing to hear a home secretary accept her opponents' estimate of the size of the march - and then get on to discussing more contentious matters.
You're sitting in a cafe in Buenos Aires' Palermo neighborhood. You can't quite hear what the pair next to you is talking about, but you can make out some things. Maybe something like, "You think I have nothing better to do than be in love with you."
OK, that one was actually overheard on a subway. But when Ezequiel Mandelbaum and Tatiana Goldman were in a Palermo cafe one day, about five years ago, they thought the stuff they overheard was so intriguing, out of context, that they stopped talking to each other.
They just listened.
"We didn't understand what they were saying too well," Mandelbaum says. "But it was fun."
Note: Most of these phrases are nearly impossible to translate in a way that captures their full glory. But this is close.
But what they came up with that day is more than fun. La Gente Anda Diciendo ("People Are Saying") is a “playful anthropological" glimpse into the Argentine mind and lifestyle — specifically in the capital. Mandelbaum and Goldman collect Buenos Aires phrases that betray the dry wit, blunt manner and casual attitude about love and life the locals have (even the little ones).
“In Buenos Aires, it's easy [to overhear good stuff],” Mandelbaum says. “I don't know if it's because we shout a lot or because we're not prudish. We can be on a bus, talking to the gynecologist at full volume. … Argentines get psychoanalyzed, it's common to hear someone analyzing their partner's life."
The original idea was to jot down phrases heard throughout Buenos Aires and make them into a book. After nine months of collecting phrases, Mandelbaum and Goldman decided to post them on Facebook. Overnight, they gained hundreds of followers, which then turned into thousands and tens of thousands.
The allure is the sharpness of the phrases, and the situations they allude to. There's an art that goes into selecting phrases for this project.
“When you catch part of a sentence, it builds a story in your mind,” Mandelbaum says. “[We pick the] potent phrases, the ones that stir your imagination, that are funny.”
Now that fans submit 100 percent of the phrases, the most important element of this art is even more important: They have to be overheard and written down immediately.
“It's intuitive [telling which are made up],” says Mandelbaum, who's an editor working in public relations. “You have to hear it and write it down then. When you try to write it down later, you edit the phrase in your head."
They've toured South America collecting phrases, sponsored by Motorola. They've published two books. They've inspired spin-offs in other cities and countries.
And there's more coming: Mandelbaum says he and Goldman are hoping to have writers come up with texts inspired by the phrases.
With phrases like these coming in, that won't be hard.
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Lorenzo Reyes looks at the three biggest story lines heading into this week. USA TODAY Sports
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick (7) kneels during the national anthem before the game against the Arizona Cardinals at Levi's Stadium. (Photo11: Kelley L Cox, USA TODAY Sports)
Colin Kaepernick has no regrets about sitting out Tuesday's presidential election.
The San Francisco 49ers' polarizing quarterback did not vote and said Wednesday he "didn't really follow" the results as Donald Trump was elected the 45th president of the United States.
"I've been very disconnected from the systematic oppression as a whole," Kaepernick told reporters in a conference call Wednesday. "So, for me, it's another face that's going to be the face of that system of oppression.
"And to me, it didn't really matter who went in there, the system still remains intact that oppresses people of color."
Kaepernick became one of Trump's targets when he refused to stand for the national anthem, later opting to kneel instead, to protest police brutality and racial injustices. Trump suggested in August that Kaepernick "find a country that works better for him," with the quarterback responding that the sentiment was "ignorant."
But Kaepernick spoke out against both Trump and Hillary Clinton after the first presidential debate.
"It was embarrassing to watch that these are our two candidates," Kaepernick said. "Both are proven liars, and it almost seems like they're trying to debate who's less racist.
"And at this point ... you have to pick the lesser of two evils. But in the end, it's still evil."
PHOTOS: NFL Week 10 games ranked by watchability
by Jess Dudley Wonderful Machine
Shoot Concept: Environmental portraits of real customers/users on location.
Licensing: National Advertising (Print, Web and OOH) and Collateral use (in all media) of up to eight “hero” images for three years from shoot date. We used specific language requested by the agency: unlimited national print, in-store signage, OOH electronic media and online video use.
Location: Four homes/small businesses in Southern California.
Shoot Days: Three.
Photographer: Seasoned East Coast based lifestyle and portrait shooter.
Agency: Large, based in New York.
Client: Prominent electronics manufacturer with a household name.
Here's the initial estimate:
Click to enlarge.
Here's how I arrived at those numbers:
Concept/Licensing: The agency came to us with four distinct concepts/ads, each portraying a specific product in use at home or in a business. The client had already selected the talent (real customers), from a casting they did use social media, that considered the subject's look, their space and their story. The photographer was charged with covering two situations with each person at their home or business; one portrait, posed with product, the other candid, product in use. Since two of the locations were relatively close to one another, we were asked to quote it assuming we could double up the talent and locations on one of the three shoot days.
When determining licensing fees, I usually value the first image higher than the rest. It is not uncommon for a client to build a campaign around a single hero image and then have several supporting images. For projects that feature only one concept/product but ask for alternate talent, wardrobe or slight compositional variations, I routinely set the value of the first image based on the licensing, concept and complexity, then determine a percentage value for each additional image, typically dropping down to 50-75% the value of the first image. The reason being that each of the slightly varied additional images doesn't go that much farther to help the end client convey their message. In cases where the concepts vary to target different audiences, emphasize different product features, or promote different products made by the same client, I will assign a higher percentage to the additional images, 75-100% the value of the first. In this case, the client makes two different product lines, one for business, one for home. They also make a variety of products within each of those segments. For those reasons, I decided to set the fee for the four portraits at one rate, and the candid variation at 50% of that price.
Considering the use, size/prominence of the client & agency, number of images, various brand messages achieved, volume of work/shoot days, and the photographer's experience, I set the fee at 8000.00 for each of the four portraits and 4000.00 for each of the candids. For the purposes of the estimate, I bundled it all together as an overall licensing/creative fee of 48000.00. Blinkbid's bid consultant provided a range of 9450.00-13,500.00 per image, or 226,800.00-324,000.00 for all eight. Corbis quoted 17,500.00 per image for the first year and didn't have a three year option for the quote pack I'd selected. Fotoquote suggested 30,976.00 per image for the use. None of these resources readily factor in any discount for additional images/variations or the prominence of the client, but they still offer great perspective.
Photographer Travel/Tech-Scout Days: The photographer would need two full travel days and a tech/scout day to get a sense of the locations and talent/subjects before the shoot.
Producer Days: The producer (me in this case) is responsible for coordinating travel, scheduling and crew. This takes the pressure off the photographer. It's the producer's job to plan and coordinate the logistics so the photographer can focus on the making great pictures. I estimated two prep days, two travel, one tech/scout, three shoots and one wrap day. When the photographer is traveling, it is not unusual to bring his/her local producer.
First Assistant Days: The photographer would be bringing his first assistant. It is standard for a photographer to travel with a first. Since the photographer shoots with minimal lighting, only one trusted photo assistant was necessary.
Digital Tech Days: The photographer would be shooting tethered to allow for immediate image review and layout composting. The rate included the tech's fee, a supped up 27″ iMac and all the necessary accouterments.
Equipment Rental: The photographer would be shooting with Canon DLSRs and lenses, basic grip equipment and a few Profoto packs/heads for supplemental light (if needed).
Image Processing for Editing: This fee covers the time, equipment and costs to handle the basic color correction, edit and upload of all of the images to an FTP for client review. Depending on number of shoot days and estimated number of scenarios/images, this rate can vary.
Selects Processed for Reproduction: This per image processing fee for the photographer to handle basic processing (color correction and blemish removal) for the client selects. Anything over and above the basic processing would be considered retouching and be billed at 150.00/hr, which is covered in the terms and conditions.
Location Scout Day: Even though the casting process required submission of scouting shots of each subject's space, we wanted to get a professional out get some quality shots of each of the selected spaces to make sure we weren't walking into any unusually difficult scenarios. I also wanted him to check out orientation, windows, and parking options.
Wardrobe Styling: We'd need a stylist to source wardrobe for each of the talent. Two options for each, one for the posed, one for the candid. I estimated two days to shop, three days for the shoot and one day to return. We budgeted 200.00 in non-returnable items for each wardrobe change.
Prop Styling: The prop stylist would need to purchase supplemental props to augment or update each space. We estimated two days for shopping, three days of shooting and one day of return for the stylist, one day of prep and three shoot days for the assistant, 500.00 in non-returnable props per location, and five days of prop-truck/van rental.
Groomer: Since we would only be shooting one talent at a time, we could get away with one wardrobe stylist and one make-up stylist who can also handle light wardrobe adjustments on set (a groomer). We included the groomer for all three shoot days
Airfare, Lodging and Car Rentals: Using Kayak, I priced out airfare & baggage costs, lodging and car rentals for the photographer, assistant & producer. I was sure to also include any taxes, fees, insurance and gas necessary.
Catering: I estimated three days of catering for 12 people at 50.00pp/day.
RV Days: Even though we were being provided indoor locations, I wanted to make sure our crew had the space to handle wardrobe, HMU and gear. RV's also give the client/agency a space to hang out while shots are being set up and catering a place to stage.
Miles, Parking, FTP, Misc: I included costs for traveling meals, dinners, parking (at the hotel and airport), mileage, FTP for file upload and a little bit to cover any miscellaneous expenses that may arise.
Housekeeping: I made sure to indicate that the client/agency would be responsible for providing all advance scouting, casting, talent, locations and releases. Since these are all elements that might normally be included in a production estimate, I wanted to make certain it was clear that, as discussed, we would not be providing any of them and that the client or agency would be responsible for each. Lastly, I noted that a 50% advance would be required.
At first, the art buyer told me that our numbers looked good, but then she called back a little later to say that they had another photographer who was willing to give them unrestricted use of all the pictures – for $10k less than we were bidding. She asked what we could do to match that. I have to admit, it's a little annoying when a client asked us to meet another bidder's licensing terms. After all, you can find any photographer to bid any price and terms. And it's not reasonable to expect to have the pictures from one photographer at the price of another. I had a good enough relationship with the art buyer that I was able to call her out on this, asking that she ask the other photographer to raise his rates to meet ours. But, she wouldn't do that. She also told us that the client wanted to license “outtakes” from the shoot to use on their website. And even though the client only wanted to use them on their website, they wanted the licensing to match that of the hero shots. Not being comfortable just licensing some unlimited number of images, we settled on an additional 32 images. Now, just because a client asks for something doesn't mean you have to do it. I was pretty confident that my photographer was competing on quality rather than price, so while I didn't feel that we need to match the other photographer's terms we did decide to bend, coming down 3000.00 on the fee and including use of 40 images. Adding in the additional processing fees for the “outtakes” actually brought us back up above our original quote.
Here's the final estimate:
Click to enlarge.
After a few days, the job was officially awarded to us and me immediately set to work on the production. The shoot went well and the agency, client and photographer were all thrilled with the results.
If you have any questions, or if you need help estimating or producing a project, please give us a call at (610) 260-0200. We're available to help with any and all pricing and negotiating needs—from small stock sales to big ad campaigns.
In 1900, a wealthy British archeologist named Arthur Evans went digging on the Mediterranean island of Crete.
He excavated the ruins of Knossos—and found a palace he took to be the home of King Minos, the man who built the Labyrinth of legend.
Evans also found a series of clay tablets. The tablets recorded Europe's earliest known writing, dating back three and a half thousand years ago to Europe's Bronze Age. Arthur Evans called the written script 'Linear B'.
The mysterious script was unlocked in 1952 by another Englishman, Michael Ventris. But his work rested in part on a Herculean analysis of Linear B undertaken by an American linguist, Alice Kober.
The Foundation of the Decipherment
Linear B features an array of mysterious symbols constructed out of simple lines. Margalit Fox is the author of a new book, The Riddle of the Labyrinth. She says the riddle of Linear B was as hard as they come.
"You have no idea what this script is or what the tablets say. In addition you have no idea what language the script is used to record.
"So you have the ultimate intellectual locked room mystery. An unknown script writing an unknown language."
How do you ever find your way into a seemingly closed system like that? A solution took more than half a century to arrive.
In 1952, a young British architect named Michael Ventris did excavate the meaning of Linear B. Ventris fit the model of a solitary, tortured genius: so much so that the decipherment of Linear B has often been portrayed as principally his accomplishment alone.
But, says author Margalit Fox, Ventris built his success on a foundation laid by an American classicist, Alice Kober.
"As is so often the case in women's history," says Fox, "behind this great achievement lay these hours and hours of unseen labor by this unheralded woman."
The Challenge of Linear B
Consider the scale of the problem that Linear B presented. The script was unknown. The language it recorded was unknown. And there was no equivalent to the Rosetta Stone, the bilingual slab that paved the way for the decipherment of the Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs. (None has been found to this day.)
Without such a key, it would take persistent analysis to unpick the door to this locked room.
A writing system is, in essence, a graphic map, with symbols representing sounds in a language. In English, say, a hollow round circle maps the sound 'O': that's it. Every writing system, explains Margalit Fox, uses one of three systems, or a combination:
"There is the logographic system; the best known example is Chinese where a whole character stands for a whole word. Next comes the syllabic system used to write, for instance, Japanese where a character stands for a symbol such as 'ma' or 'ba'. And then finally, familiar to us as English speakers, is the alphabet where characters usually stand for a single sound."
It's rarely clear-cut like that, but that's the general idea. Linear B was very likely a syllabic script: there were about 80 different symbols, right in the range linguists would expect to see in a syllabary.
And there were a few pictographs dotted about: horses and pots. It seemed that the tablets recorded the domestic affairs of the palace in some fashion.
But for thirty years, not much more was known than that. Until Alice Kober came along.
'A Cigarette Burning at Her Elbow'
In the 1930s and 40s, Kober was an assistant professor at Brooklyn College in New York where she taught a full load of classes in Latin and Greek. Kober lived with her widowed mother, and there is no record in her papers of a social or romantic life of any kind.
Instead, for almost two decades Alice Kober pursued the decipherment of this mysterious Bronze Age script.
"She turned herself into the world's leading expert on Linear B," says Margalit Fox, who examined Kober's papers. "It was she who was working hundreds of hours with a slide rule sitting at her dining table in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn at night after her papers were graded, a cigarette burning at her elbow, poring over the few published inscriptions, looking and looking for patterns of repeated symbols in the script."
Margalit Fox says Kober adopted a philosophy of 'form without meaning': she wouldn't make guesses, and she wouldn't ascribe speculative sound values to symbols.
Instead, she set out to record the frequency of every symbol in the tablets, both in general and then in a variety of positions within words: initial, final position, medial, second, and next to last. She also recorded the frequency of every character in juxtaposition to that of every other character.
It was a mammoth task, performed without the aid of computers. In addition, during the years surrounding the Second World War, writing materials were hard to come by. Kober recorded her detailed analysis on index cards she made from the backs of old greetings cards, and the insides of covers of examination books.
"She stole a lot of checkout slips from the Brooklyn College library," adds Margalit Fox. "And all of these she painstakingly cut with scissors, one at a time, until she had something like a 180 thousand cards that she had handed cut."
The Key to Linear B
Kober's monumental effort paid off.
She spotted groups of symbols that appeared throughout the inscriptions, groups that would start the same but end in consistently different ways.
That was the breakthrough: Kober now knew that Linear B was an inflected language, with word endings that shifted according to use.
In English, for instance, you get words like sing, singer, and singing. Remember: Linear B is syllabic: each symbol contains a consonant and a vowel, like 'ti' or 'mi' or 'ni'.
Some symbols would start or end the same way in that they'd share a consonant, or a vowel. Today know that 'ti', 'mi' and 'ni' are sounds in Linear B. But Kober was able to plot the relationships between symbols on a grid before any of the sounds were known.
Alice Kober was on the verge of deciphering Linear B.
But before she could add sounds to her grid of symbols, she fell ill and died. It was 1950; she was 43. Still, she left behind a sturdy bridge for others to cross. And in 1952, Michael Ventris did.
Filling in the Blanks
Talking to BBC Radio in the wake of his successful decipherment of Linear B, Ventris said, "It's rather like doing a crossword puzzle on which the positions of the black squares haven't been printed for you."
Ventris built out Kober's grids as much as possible, and then added his own brilliance to the mix.
He wondered about the repeated groups of symbols identified by Kober as evidence of inflection. What if they stood for the names of towns in Crete? What if they worked the same way as, say, the words Brooklyn and Brooklynite?
Places names are exactly the kinds of thing you'd expect to crop up all the time, especially on official palace documents. (Think of how often your own city or town name appears on any official paperwork.)
And place names often don't change much, even after centuries. Ventris examined three Cretan names, including Knossos. In the syllabic form of Linear B it became "ko-no-so".
The script began to talk.
Decipherment
With a few names, Ventris could now add sounds to the grids of symbols begun by Alice Kober. That allowed him to sound out other words in the inscriptions.
Linear B, it turned out, was a form of ancient Greek.
"No-one knew that Greek speakers even existed that far back," says author Margalit Fox, "so it barely crossed anyone's mind that the script could be Greek. And even if Greek speakers had existed that far back the thinking was that without the Greek alphabet, which was centuries in the future, they would have had no way to write their language down. So Greek was ruled out as a possibility very, very early."
The cracking of Linear B transformed that understanding.
The theory now is that colonizing Greeks arrived on Crete from the mainland and appropriated an indigenous writing system to record their own language, creating Linear B.
And that older Cretan writing system? Some of that was found at Knossos too.
It's called Linear A.
But there's very little of it, too little to allow a decipherment.
So far.
BRIDGEPORT — The Buddha head peace sculptures in Bridgeport's Palmisano Park were vandalized overnight, police said.
Around 10:30 a.m., officers responded to a call of damaged property in the 2800 block of South Halsted Street, said Officer Janel Sedevic, a Chicago Police spokeswoman.
When officers arrived, they found 14 of the sculptures had been vandalized. Ten of the sculptures had been flipped on their sides, four were removed from their bases and two were missing. Some of the sculptures had been defaced with black marker, Sedevic said.
Mauricio Pena says police are investigating the incident:
The "Ten A Thousand Ripples" public art project by Indira Johnson, which displays fiberglass Buddha head sculptures in locations throughout the city, were brought to the park last year. A total of 18 sculptures are located at Palmisano Park, 15 laid out in circle at the top of the park's hill, and three others in a triangle formation on the side of the hill.
"It's the first time something like this has happened and it's really sad," Johnson said after hearing the news earlier this morning from the Chicago Park District. "We have many of the sculptures around the city and some minor incidents but, they have been really well received by the community."
Despite the incident, Johnson believes the vandalism isn't reflective of the community's sentiments towards the art displays.
"For the most part people in the community have been protective of the sculptures," Johnson said. "Recently two of the sculptures had been removed for repairs after they had become loose from their base and people had emailed me wondering what happened, whether they were stolen," Johnson said.
"It's gratifying to know they have adopted them and are keeping watch."
In an email statement, Mark Rodriguez, executive director of Changing Worlds, a lead partner of the "Ten A Thousand Ripples" project, said the organization "was saddened by the isolated actions of a few individuals who do not represent the overwhelming positive response received by the larger community."
In the email Rodriguez said Changing Worlds would be working with the park district along with Johnson and Orlandi Statuary to get the sculptures reinstalled and reinforced.
"Overall four sculptures were removed from the bases and the remaining sculptures had been pushed over by several individuals," Rodriguez said. "Two of the sculptures had been removed by the lead artist last week get them reinforced," Rodriguez, who said.
"An isolated incident of a few won't deter us from our core goals and commitment to the project and the larger Bridgeport community."
Casey Cora discussed the sculptures when they were installed:
Palmisano Park Advisory Council President Maureen Sullivan said there have been other instances of vandalism, with people drawing on the Buddha heads or removing them from their posts.
"It's upsetting," Sullivan said. "It's meant to inspire peace and people can't seem to leave them alone. We need to do something and encourage the people who use the park to be more mindful. If they see something, they need to call the police."
"Any vandalism, even if it's writing on the sculptures, it's disrespectful," Sullivan said.
Alisa Sisic, 36, who has been living in Bridgeport, was disappointed to hear about the vandalism.
"It's a violation, not just against the artist, but also to the people who come to enjoy the public park," Sisic said.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
The 14, including one woman, drowned on Thursday while trying to reach the Spanish territory of Ceuta from a beach in neighbouring Morocco. Other migrants tried to storm through a land checkpoint.
Spanish media cited migrants alleging that police fired into the sea where the Africans were swimming, as Moroccan and Spanish security forces tried to repel them from Ceuta.
Spanish authorities said police in Ceuta used rubber bullets to ward off the migrants but that they fired them in the air and did not target anyone directly.
"We did not use anti-riot equipment when the immigrants were in the water," said the head of the Spanish government's delegation in Ceuta, Francisco Antonio Gonzalez, speaking on the radio on Friday.
Spain's opposition Socialist Party called on Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz to appear in parliament to answer questions on the deaths of the nine migrants.
In Morocco the head of the Northern Human Rights Observatory, Mohamed Benaissa, told AFP on Thursday that several migrants were hurt as Spanish police tried to repel them. He said most of the migrants were from Cameroon.
The Spanish government delegation said late Thursday that "rubber bullets were fired in the air, over a six-metre fence, never against people", by Spanish police to ward off the migrants trying to cross by land.
Morocco, under pressure from Spain, is trying to stem a stream of sub-Saharan African migrants, who head to its northern shores in a desperate quest to reach mainland Europe.
Ceuta and Spain's other north African enclave, Melilla, have the European Union's only land borders with Africa.
Hundreds of migrants headed out from the Moroccan town of Fnideq in a mass attempt to cross or circumvent the six-metre (20-foot) fences that mark the land border with Ceuta on Thursday, officials on both sides said.
Gonzalez said the migrants were "very violent" and threw rocks at the Moroccan and Spanish security forces.
A spokeswoman in Spain for the United Nations refugee watchdog UNHCR, Maria Jesus Vega, expressed "dismay and great sadness" at the deaths.
"It worries us that people who need international protection and are risking their lives to get to safe countries, are losing their lives trying to enter the countries of the European Union."
Original Smashing Pumpkins bassist D'arcy Wretzky posted the following on Facebook, announcing the death of her beloved horse Lona:
“everybody seems to be going through so much bad shit lately …
… me & mine have been too.
i don't come on fb very much anymore, but it isn't because i don't think about you all …
… it's because i think about you & yours a lot … it's overwhelming.
May the powers that be blessed you and keep you & yours well.”
She added, “Lona, she was my angel for 25 of her 35 years. Rest in peace my darling sweet love.”
Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan revealed in August 2016 that he had reconnected with D'arcy, and that the original Smashing Pumpkins lineup were discussing possibly reuniting, following the reunion performances that Corgan, James Iha, and Jimmy Chamberlin did in spring 2016.
In an April 2016 Blast Echo interview, Wretzky called Iha's reunion with Corgan and Chamberlin ‘really healthy' and said she would ‘consider going back' to the Pumpkins. She also said she's clean from drugs and is ‘healthier now than she's ever been in her life.'
In a recent WGN Radio interview, Chamberlin hinted that the band have plans for 2018.
Below is a photo of D'arcy's horse Lona, followed by a post by her boyfriend last year describing her current life.
D'arcy's longtime boyfriend wrote in a Smashing Pumpkins Facebook group in April 2016, “I would like to say that D'arcy is not on drugs. As her boyfriend of four years I would not be with someone who is on drugs. She is healthy, mentally and physically. Last night when I came home from work she was with several other musicians who were over and she was playing bass and having a great time with it, after she was done playing we all ate sushi and had a great time. She was smiling all night, and that's great to see.”
He also said, “Since I have met her she has come a long way. One wintery night in 2012 we listened to SP all night and drove around in a snow storm singing along and having a good time (and doing doughnuts in the snow) it had been over 10 years since she had listened to her band's music. When I met her she couldn't even bear to listen to the radio. She has been working on herself and continues to do so. I can tell you that she is one of the most unselfish, empathetic, caring, giving, and sensitive, people I have ever met. Is she addicted? yes, addicted to fashion, science fiction, home renovation projects, Star Wars books, and our animals.”
President Obama announced Wednesday yet another delay in his plan to wind down the war in Afghanistan, saying 8,400 troops would remain there for a list of enemies that has grown from al Qaeda to the Taliban and now to the so-called Islamic State.
But many in the Pentagon are concerned that the president's new plan isn't much of a strategy at all. It's just a holding action, to hopefully keep a lid on Afghanistan until after the election.
“There is no desire to end the war in Afghanistan. There is a desire to keep it off the front pages and make it a problem for the next administration,” as one Pentagon official explained to The Daily Beast.
The U.S. had planned to keep 5,500 troops through the end of the year. At first glance, the change in number may not have seemed particularly significant; the president added only 2,400 troops to the number of forces that will be in Afghanistan by the end of his presidency. But the fact the U.S. had to slow down its withdrawal from its longest war ever was a major acknowledgement by the administration that the U.S. has yet to train local forces that can successfully stop a burgeoning Taliban and the jihadists protected by them. In other words, the cornerstone of the American effort in Afghanistan was still shaky, a decade and a half into the war.
“This is a political number, not the number of troops to win,” a second defense official said.
Where the Obama administration once named al Qaeda as the top threat in Afghanistan, on Wednesday, it added ISIS and the Taliban as reasons for the change in troop numbers. In the last year, the Taliban has expanded its grip on that country's urban centers and successfully taken back territory in parts of southern Afghanistan.
The 8,400 figures appeared to be a compromise, of sorts. On the one hand, there were those in the administration who feared that Afghan security forces have proven themselves incapable of fending off the Taliban on their own. On the other: an Obama pledge to move the U.S out of the war altogether.
At the newly proposed troop levels, the U.S. military is neither leading the fight to stabilize Afghanistan nor far enough away to help stop a potential Taliban resurgence. For many in the Pentagon, it was yet another risky withdrawal plan—calendar based, not conditions based. ]The Taliban surged its attacks on Afghan forces after the Obama administration promised, in the past, to drawdown from Afghanistan.
As of last month, there were 9,300 U.S. troops in Afghanistan. The president insisted the troops had limited objectives—even as they faced a longer list of enemies.
U.S. forces “are now focused on two narrow missions: training and advising Afghan forces, and supporting counterterrorist operations against the remnants of al Qaeda as well as other terrorist groups, including ISIL,” the president said, using the government's preferred acronym for the terror group.
Army Gen. John W. Nicholson, the U.S. commander in Afghanistan, recommended the figure, according to an administration official who briefed reporters in a conference call on the condition of anonymity. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said that he, as well as top military leaders, endorsed the troop number.
U.S. troops currently advise, and at times are side by side, their Afghan counterparts in the fight against the Taliban. In January, Army Sgt. Matthew McClintock died while fighting alongside Afghan forces against the Taliban in the southern part of the country.
The Taliban has expanded north as well, into areas it never controlled, like the northern Afghan city of Kunduz, where, last fall, U.S. troops mistakenly killed scores at Doctors with Borders Hospital. Among the reasons for the mistake listed in a U.S. military report on the attack was that its forces suddenly found themselves confronting Taliban in an area they did not know well. Kunduz is no longer under Taliban control.
About a third of U.S. troops there currently are engaged in counterterrorism operations; the additional forces are likely to be added to that effort, a U.S. official explained to The Daily Beast.
In other words: more troops could be now involved in fighting, despite U.S. claims that its forces are not in active combat in Afghanistan.
Just three years ago, when the U.S. had planned to keep 9,800 troops there by this time, Obama made little mention of the Taliban in a major policy speech at the war in Afghanistan. The enemy he said was al Qaeda that had affiliates expanding around the world.
“In Afghanistan, we will complete our transition to Afghan responsibility for that country's security. Our troops will come home. Our combat mission will come to an end. And we will work with the Afghan government to train security forces, and sustain a counterterrorism force, which ensures that al Qaeda can never again establish a safe haven to launch attacks against us or our allies,” Obama sai in his 2013 speech before National Defense University.
On Wednesday, the president said the Taliban “remains a threat” And he acknowledged that the Afghan security forces had struggled to push back them back.
Even before the announcement, the U.S. appeared increasingly focused on the Taliban. Last month, the U.S. military expanded its strike authorization to include the Taliban, not just al Qaeda, and Nicholson already has approved several such strikes in support of Afghan forces.
In addition to Taliban forces moving into more urban areas, ISIS has sought to establish its foothold in southeast Afghanistan. All the while, a fractured leadership governs Afghanistan.
The new troop figure was the result of “lot of lessons learned from the last two fighting seasons,” a second administration official on the call with reporters explained.
But the term “fighting season” is itself a bit of an anachronism, according to military officials. In the last two years, as U.S. forces withdrew, there no longer is a single team for heavy combat. Fighting in Afghanistan now is an all year event, an unintended consequence of the ongoing U.S. effort.
When Oklahoma native Kristi Loyall had her foot removed, she got it back in a plastic bag.
In 2011, Loyall noticed that her right pinky toe was numb. Despite a series of doctors' visits, the numbness spread and grew painful. It turned out her foot and lower leg had cancer. As soon as her new oncologist suggested amputation, Loyall asked about keeping the severed limb.
“He thought I was joking, and I was like no, I really want it back,” the 25-year-old Loyall told NewsHour.
Maybe you've had a part of your body removed, a kidney stone or a frostbitten toe, and the hospital disposed of it after the procedure. But what if you had wanted to keep it for your mantle or to scare your friends at Halloween?
READ MORE: Intelligence test shows bees can learn to solve tasks from other bees
Sometimes, doctors refuse to give back the body parts, saying that it's “a biohazard” or “illegal.” Yet, neither of these are completely true. Keeping your own body part isn't inherently any more dangerous than keeping a steak, experts say.
“The only issue would be if there was some communicable disease and your tissue had some sort of virus or bacteria,” Boston University bioethicist George Annas said. “Then state and public health officials would intervene, if it puts the public at risk.”
If the body part is pathogen-free, then it just needs to be frozen or properly preserved before being released into the wide world. While Loyall's oncologist was surprised by her desire to keep the foot, he said that the hospital had a release form for such an occasion. She signed and told everyone involved in handling the leg to not throw it away. The surgeons sent the amputated leg to a pathology lab, where technicians used chemicals to preserve it.
Here's how body parts are preserved. Wet specimens are human or animal bodies kept in liquid preservatives. Formalin, a mixture of water and formaldehyde, is the most popular preservative for fixing wet specimens, which collectors usually keep in alcohol for storage. But formaldehyde is known to cause cancer in humans. Amateur handling of formalin could be dangerous, but hospitals can give back preserved body parts if they are properly prepared.
After about a month of examining and preserving Loyall's leg, the pathology lab sent it back to her. She passed it onto Skulls Unlimited, a company in Oklahoma that cleans and sells the skeletons of humans and animals. Cleaned bones, skins and mummified remains are called dry specimens.
Nipple for sale?
As far as legislation goes, there is no U.S. federal law preventing the ownership of body parts, unless they're Native American. The Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act makes it illegal to own or trade in Native American remains. Otherwise, a few states restrict owning or selling human body parts. Louisiana, for instance, enacted a ban in 2016 on private ownership of human remains, with some exceptions. Georgia and Missouri have similar laws.
“The general rule is you have custody of it is, you are considered the owner of your body parts as long as they're inside of you,” Annas said. “Once it's taken out, we have some reasonable expectation about what's going to be done with it.”
It's uncommon for surgery patients to ask, Annas said, but in general, those body parts are still considered their property.
So, why would a doctor or hospital administrator try to deny a request? They might not want to bother with retrieving the part.
“When they don't want to do something, they'll tell people it's illegal. That doesn't mean it's illegal,” Tanya Marsh, a funeral lawyer and author of The Law of Human Remains, said. “A lot of people just cave when they're told it's not permitted.”
Other barriers may get in the way of amputation ownership. Some hospitals have internal policies forbidding the return of excised body parts. Alternatively, the body part may not stay intact after removal. Surgeons often destroy a kidney stone or cut up an organ to remove it more easily. After that, the body part might head to a pathology lab, where it could be sliced further into scientific specimens.
Despite the possible hassle, Loyall had personal reasons for keeping her foot.
“I'm kind of weird like that,” Loyall said. “My parents tried to convince me not to keep it, but I thought I'd regret it for the rest of my life if I didn't.”
She isn't alone. Some patients request their excised body parts for religious reasons, Loyall's oncologist told her, so that they can be buried after death with all their body parts.
There is also a marketplace for former body parts. While it's illegal in the U.S. to peddle your organs for transplants, there are few restrictions on selling them as oddities or for research studies. People sell just about every human body part on Facebook, from eyelashes and skulls to nipples and hands. In November, a Facebook user sold a 12-week gestated human fetus for $2,000. Another user in the same Facebook group sold small bottles of six human gallstones each for $25 per bottle. The parts usually come from decommissioned medical collections, according to the sellers.
Loyall isn't planning to part ways with her foot. Skulls Unlimited defleshed the foot, dried it, put it in a tank with flesh-eating dermestid beetles. Next, they whitened the bones and strung them together in order. The process cost her $650 and took four months. Now Loyall has a skeleton foot. She takes it with her on her travels, snapping pictures for her Instagram, OneFootWander.
“You have to just keep reminding everyone that you are getting it back, and they cannot dispose of it,” Loyall said. “Be adamant that you want it back.”
Humming Urban Stereo's guest-vocalist, Lee Jin Hwa, passed away on March 22nd.
On March 23rd, the one-man band member, Lee Ji Rin wrote on his Twitter, "The 'humming girl' (Lee Jin Hwa), the dongseng I loved and the heroine of Humming Urban Stereo, has passed away on March 22nd. Please pray for her so that she'll make it to heaven without being lonely."
Netizens were shocked upon hearing the news and expressed their condolences by leaving supportive messages. They wrote, "I hope she goes to a better place", "She had such a beautiful voice", "This is shocking.. I used to always listen to 'Hawaiian Couple'", and "Rest in peace."
Lee Jin Hwa was known as the "humming girl" and featured in Humming Urban Stereo's past hit songs such as "Hawaiian Couple" and "Insomnia".
Our thoughts go out to her and her family. May she rest in peace.
<Humming Urban Stereo - Hawaiian Couple>
<Humming Urban Stereo - Insomnia>
Source: Star News via Nate
Devon Gales and Marshall Morgan will forever be linked together by one fateful play in 2015. And their friendship produced a really cool moment over the weekend.
In September 2015, Morgan and Gales collided when Georgia and Southern were playing each other. On the play, Gales ended up fracturing his C6 vertebrae and has been confined since to a wheelchair.
Gales' story and comeback since the hit has been inspiring. Over the weekend, Morgan got married, and he invited Gales to the wedding. Gales' mother posted a touching message on her Facebook page, along with some photos from the wedding.
In February, the University of Georgia announced that it was starting a fundraiser to help build Gales and his family a home. For more on how you can donate, follow this link. Former UGA tight end Benjamin Watson has donated over $10,000 to the cause.
Warrior Those who call them selves a Warrior employ martial techniques passed down through generations. To a Warrior, combat is just part of life, but sometimes that includes subjects beyond battle such as weapon smithing and calligraphy. Not every Warrior absorbs the lessons of history, theory, and artistry that are reflected in some of the Warrior Kits, but those who do are well-rounded fighters of great skill and knowledge. Combat Superiority When you choose this archetype at 3rd level, you gain a number of features that display your superiority in combat. Improved Critial. Your weapon attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 19 or 20. Warrior Kit. You gain a kit of your choice, containing three maneuvers, detailed under "Warrior Kits" below. Many maneuvers enhance an attack in some way. You can use only one maneuver per attack. Saving Throws. Some of your maneuvers require your target to make a saving throw to resist the maneuver's effects. Unless otherwise stated, the saving throw DC is calculated as follows: Maneuver save DC = 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Strength or Dexterity modifier (your choice) Student of War At 3rd level, you gain proficiency with one type of artisan's tools of your choice. Remarkable Athlete Starting at 7th level, you can add your proficiency bonus to any Strength, Dexterity, or Constitution check you make that doesn't already use your proficiency bonus. In addition, when you make a running long jump, the distance you can cover increases by a number of feet equal to twice your Strength modifier. Additional Fighting Style At 10th level, you can choose a second option from the Fighting Style class feature. Improved Combat Superiority At 15th level you gain additional benefits to your Combat Superiority Class features. Superior Critial. Your weapon attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 18–20. Additional Warrior Kit. You gain an additional kit of your choice, containing three maneuvers, detailed under "Warrior Kits" below. Survivor At 18th level, you attain the pinnacle of resilience in battle. At the start of each of your turns, you regain hit points equal to 5 + your Constitution modifier if you have no more than half of your hit points left. You don't gain this benefit if you have 0 hit points. The Champion & Battle Master? The Warrior was created to unify the Champion and Battle Master archetypes into a single archetype using the design style of the Champion. Included in this subclass are fixes for underpowered Fighting Styles as well as a reworking of many combat related feats as Warrior maneuvers. If you plan on using the Warrior archetype and you use feats in your game, you should consider removing the feats listed below and instead using the Martial Training feat. Removed Feats Charger, Crossbow Expert, Defensive Duelist, Dual Wielder, Grappler, Great Weapon Master, Inspiring Leader, Mage Slayer, Martial Adept, Mobile, Mounted Combatant, Polearm Master, Sentinel, Sharpshooter, Shield Master, Skulker, and Tavern Brawler. Martial Training Choose a Warrior Kit from the Warrior archetype in the fighter class. You gain a maneuver from that kit. If a maneuver you use requires your target to make a saving throw to resist the maneuver's effects, the saving throw DC equals 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Strength or Dexterity modifier (your choice).
You can select this feat three times. Fighting Styles The fighting styles below have been updated. Protection When a creature you can see attacks a target other than you that is within 5 feet of you, you can use your reaction to add your proficiency bonus to the target's AC for that attack, potentially causing the attack to miss. You must be wielding a shield. Two-Weapon Fighting You can use two-weapon fighting even when the one handed melee weapons you are wielding aren't light. In addition, you can add your ability modifier to the damage of the second Attack. Warrior Kits Warriors have as many outlooks on life, as techniques in battle. The kits below represent the most iconic of warriors. Brawler A muscled bruiser, punishing the malcontent. Clinch Fighting. When you make a melee weapon attack roll while you are restrained by a creature, you do not have disadvantage on the attack roll against that creature and your unarmed strike can use a d8 for the damage roll.
Malcolm Gladwell, the author of numerous best-selling books and a writer for The New Yorker, recently made a surprising stop on the publicity tour for his latest effort, David and Goliath: Underdogs, Misfits, and the Art of Battling Giants. At Glenn Beck's television studio in Dallas, where his online show is filmed, the two men discussed faith, the mainstream media, and Gladwell's career. Beck, dressed in a suit and donning a colorful blue bowtie, was nevertheless playing it cool: far from the ringmaster presiding over a circus of conspiracy-theorizing and racial pot-stirring, the former Fox host was calm and relaxed.
Indeed, Beck seemed surprised to see Gladwell in the flesh, but the tone of the conversation—pleasant, agreeable, religiously-themed—struck me as surprising. The interview began when Beck scolded the mainstream media for ignoring the faith-based aspects of Gladwell's new book. “It's an odd thing,” Gladwell responded. “By the end of the book I realized what I really wanted to talk about was faith...The weapons of the spirit.” Beck asked whether Gladwell himself was spiritual, and Gladwell responded that although he grew up in a religious household, he “drifted away,” and “with this book I am coming back.” He added: “This book was a weird journey for me.”
Listening to all this seemed like a weird journey for me, as someone who has closely followed Gladwell's career. I have read nearly everything Gladwell has written—I wrote a long piece for The New Republic about him in 2009—and I had never sensed a spiritual or religious dimension in his work. (I did criticize him for writing a form of self-help book, a genre that often has a religious tinge.) So I decided to call Gladwell up and discuss some of these issues with him.
Gladwell was working on an article, but he was solicitous and engaged, and answered all my questions. When I asked him why he had chosen to go on the show of someone known for racially insensitive remarks and deranged political commentary, Gladwell said that Beck was an “important member of the media community,” and that when you enter into a contract with your book publisher, you are obligated to get the book out to as many people as possible. (After we got off the phone, Gladwell also emailed me a “disclosure statement” he wrote on his website about book writing, and how book authors and magazine/newspaper writers have different obligations and responsibilities.) He added that it isn't necessary to agree with the views of everyone who is interviewing you.
The institute usually tests cars individually but in this case paired the Honda Fit with a Honda Accord, the Toyota Yaris with a Toyota Camry and the Smart Fortwo with a Mercedes C-Class. (Both the Fortwo and the Mercedes are built by Daimler.)
The argument over weight versus safety is not a new one but took on greater significance when gasoline prices rose sharply last year, making minicars more popular. Consumers also seek out vehicles that burn less fuel so they will contribute less to global warming. Production of carbon dioxide, the main heat-trapping gas, is proportional to fuel use, and the Smart claims to be the highest-mileage car powered by gasoline on the American market.
When the institute crashed the Smart into the Mercedes C-Class sedan, the Smart, which weighs half as much as the sedan, went airborne and spun around one and a half times. The institute's crash laboratory did not clock the speed of the rebound, but calculated that in a collision between cars of that weight, the sedan would slow down by 27 m.p.h. while the two-seater would change speed by 53 m.p.h., moving backward at 13 m.p.h.
The institute suggested steps that would further both fuel economy and safety rather than put them in conflict: cutting the speed limit and reducing horsepower. (Average horsepower is 70 percent higher in new cars now than it was in the mid-1980s, the institute said.)
But there is little support for either move. Some car efficiency experts have recommended making cars light but also large, with energy-absorbing crush zones. With several feet of car body in front of the driver, the energy of a crash can be dissipated and the suddenness of the change in velocity can be reduced, they say.
In any case, the statistical connection between vehicle weight and the risk to occupants is not completely clear. In 2002, the National Academy of Sciences said that steps by car manufacturers to reduce vehicle weight to comply with federal fuel economy standards had resulted in 1,300 to 2,600 additional deaths in 1993. But the number has not been updated.
Complicating matters, a statistical graph included in the institute's study indicated that per million cars registered that were one to three years old in 2007, the death rate was higher for drivers in small cars than in minis, which are even smaller. One reason might be that the smallest cars are not driven as many miles on high-speed roadways, Mr. Lund said.
“‘So many men to kill three women!' yelled one of them. Shots rang out. I gave them absolution, and before the lieutenant fired the coups de grâce, I walked away like an automaton.”
The firing squad was made up of 24 men. The three women were Selina Casas, Margarita Navascués and Simona Blasco. And the witness to this atrocious scene was Gumersindo de Estella, who saw as many as 1,700 executions against the cemetery walls of the town of Torrero in Zaragoza between 1936 and 1942.
“As a priest and a Christian, I felt repugnance at so many killings and I could not approve of them.” He could not prevent them, either, but he did leave written testimony in a moving diary that has earned him a square named after him inside Torrero's cemetery.
Gumersindo de Estella, the religious name adopted by Martín Zubeldia (1880-1974), rode in the trucks that took the victims from the local jail to the cemetery wall. There he administered the sacrament known as the Anointing of the Sick, part of the last rites, to the dying victims, in between the first volley of shots and the coups de grâce.
This priest also witnessed the stealing of children that went on, as his diary entries detail: “Show some compassion, don't take her from me! Let her be killed with me!,' screamed one. ‘I don't want to leave my daughter with these executioners!,' screamed the other. A fierce struggle ensued between the guards who tried to forcefully pull the children away from their mothers' breast, and the poor mothers who defended their precious ones tooth and nail.”
The babies were just a year old. They were the daughters of Selina Casas and Margarita Navascués, who were accused of trying to escape into Republican territory the day before, on September 21, 1937. Nuns took the children in after their mothers were killed.
“Some of my superiors displayed extraordinary delight at the unfolding events, and even clapped and cheered”
“My attitude was in sharp contrast with that of other men of the cloth, including some of my superiors, who displayed extraordinary delight at the unfolding events, and not only approved of them but even clapped and cheered quite frequently,” wrote Gumersindo de Estella in his diary.
It was precisely a confrontation with his superiors that landed the priest in Torrero prison, where he was the chaplain. Zubeldia argued with Father Ladislao Yabar, who would ceremoniously announce things such as: “Today we will eat hens confiscated in Guipúzcoa by our brave requetés [militia groups fighting for traditional values].” As punishment, he was transferred from Pamplona to Zaragoza. It took him nearly a year to get Franco's portrait taken down from the altar in the chapel. He had time off for a while because of an ulcer and when he returned to his post, after the end of the war, the executions were still going strong: there were nearly 700 after 1939. The difference was that by now there were sand bags behind the wall, because the bullets had pierced it and reached all the way to the niches holding funerary urns behind.
Not one day went by without a killing, not even on Christmas Eve
In total, over 3,543 republicans were executed against that wall between July 19, 1936 and August 20, 1946. Not one day went by without a killing, not even Christmas Eve. In October 2010 the cemetery inaugurated a memorial to the victims: a spiral made up of plaques with the names of each one of them.
“His diary is a unique and extraordinary document,” explains Julián Casanova, professor of contemporary history and author of La Iglesia de Franco (or Franco's Church). “It shows the uneasiness of a man of the Church as he witnesses the fervent, warrior-like spirit of an institution that has placed itself at Franco's service.”
Zubeldia concealed his diary until shortly before his death in 1974, when he told other priests about it.
“They consist of five notebooks, which to us are a treasure,” explains Father Tarsicio de Azcona, 90. “He suffered greatly. He was a man of the people, a popular missionary.”
The diary was published in 2003 thanks to Azcona and another member of the Capuchin order, José Ángel Echevarría. The tribute came this week, on the 75th anniversary of the end of the Civil War, as a result of a unanimous agreement by the members of Zaragoza City Council.
It's one of the more mysterious features of human history that people of every era and in almost every place have regularly striven to reduce their intelligence, impair their reflexes and generally ensure that everything about them functions far less well. So what is about getting drunk that we love so much? According to Mark Forsyth's breezy new book, the best answer comes from somebody not often thought of as a classic roisterer: William James, the American philosopher and brother of Henry. ‘Sobriety,' James wrote, ‘diminishes, discriminates, and says no; drunkenness expands, unites, and says yes.'
And the way Forsyth tells it, drink has caused us to say yes to an awful lot. The desire for booze, he suggests, led to — among other things — fixed agriculture, civilisation, cities, Anglo-Saxon England, America and the Russian Revolution. (In 1914, the Tsar unwisely banned vodka.) It may even be the reason that we came down from the trees in the first place — because the forest floor was where to find fermented fruits.
Admittedly, some of these assertions turn out to be more convincing than others. Taken as a whole, though, the book — ranging as it does from Sumeria to the Wild West, Ancient Egypt to the Vikings — makes an overwhelmingly strong case for alcohol as a central and badly overlooked historical driving force.
Nonetheless, Forsyth is at his best when he leaves the wider theories behind in favour of the kind of memorable individual facts that you might well find yourself wanting to tell your friends in the pub. One observation, that confirmed Darwin's belief in man-monkey relatedness, for example, concerned baboons who'd been fed strong beer:
The following morning, they held their aching heads with both hands and wore a most pitiable expression; when beer or wine was offered them, they turned away with disgust.
In one of his many myth-busting moments, Forsyth also brings us the bad news that English literature didn't begin in a pub after all. The Canterbury Tales does famously open at the Tabard Inn, but in those days, an inn was a posh hotel — which is why the host Harry Bailey wasn't some sort of cheery barman, but an extremely rich businessman and MP. Just as disappointingly, the same careful taxonomy of old English drinking places reveals that the modern equivalent of Falstaff drinking sack in the Boar's Head tavern would be someone drinking champagne in a cocktail bar.
Whether deliberately or not, Forsyth relates all of this in best saloon-bar style. In his previous books, mostly about unusual words, his prose has always tended to the jovial. Here, however, the joviality goes into overdrive, with ‘chap' his preferred synonym for man, the Sumerian deity Inana referred to as ‘the goddess of rumpy-pumpy' and even the unironic use of the phrase ‘the fairer sex'. Happily, the odd groan never feels like too high a price to pay for a book that, for most of the time, is a highly successful blend of the entertaining and the informative.
When you're ready to bake, preheat oven to 350F. Slice oranges and remove the seeds. If the syrup has not completely saturated the rinds, boil the slices in the syrup until the rinds are saturated (this should not be necessary). Chop the oranges into small pieces (I used a blender), and mix in 1/3 cup sugar, 1/2 tsp cinnamon, and 1/4 tsp ginger. Peel, core, and quarter your apples, mix them with the remaining sugar, cinnamon, and ginger. Make and roll your pie crust. Place a layer of apples on the bottom of the crust, cover with a layer of oranges. Repeat the layering until you're out of filling. (Typically, you'll get two layers of each) Put on the lid, crimp the edges, and bake for 1 hour.
Ten minutes before the pie finishes baking, mix your rosewater and sugar and stir over low heat until it becomes syruppy. Five minutes before the pie finishes baking, remove the pie from the oven, brush on the rosewater syrup, and return the pie to the oven until the hour is up.
France's government is deploying nearly 100,000 police and soldiers for the holiday season as fears of extremist attacks remain high.
The additional security will focus on Christmas markets, shopping centres, religious buildings, public transport and tourist sites.
Citing "the context of a still-elevated terrorist threat," the Interior Ministry said in a statement that 97,000 security force personnel are mobilized for protection Sunday and Monday.
Story continues below advertisement
In addition to the Christmas security, the ministry said extra policing was ordered around religious sites during Hanukkah earlier this month, and for Orthodox Christmas in January, "to allow the celebration of these festivities in good conditions."
A new anti-terrorism law championed by President Emmanuel Macron's government enshrines extra police powers as a result of multiple Islamic extremist attacks that killed more than 200 people in 2015-2016.
ZAHA HADID ARCHITECTS
PLEATED SHELL STRUCTURES
October 12 – December 2, 2012
SCI-Arc Gallery
Exhibition Discussion & Reception: Friday, October 12, 7pm
With Zaha Hadid Architects Partner Patrik Schumacher and SCI-Arc Director Eric Owen Moss
Los Angeles, CA (September 13, 2012)—The Southern California Institute of Architecture (SCI-Arc) is pleased to present a Zaha Hadid Architects site specific installation opening October 12 in the SCI-Arc Gallery. Pleated Shell Structures, a short term research prototype designed by Pritzker Prize-winning architect Zaha Hadid and her firm, posits itself within the argument of parametric design research to focus its efforts on design methods that encompass an operative pathway from design intent to manifestation.
Physical form-finding—hanging chains and cloth, soap films etc.—and associated architectural design methods as pioneered by Antonio Gaudi, Heinz Isler, Frei Otto, Felix Candela and others is common knowledge among architects. The proposed research-prototype aims to extend this work to adequately represent the ambitions and complexities of scale, digital design systems and delivery mechanisms of contemporary architectural practices. The installation will explore as a design-build exercise, synergies between architectural articulation, engineering logics and fabrication constraints. It will continue Zaha Hadid Architects' on-going research on architectural articulation of self-supporting, curved surface geometries.
About Zaha Hadid Architects
Zaha Hadid, founder of Zaha Hadid Architects (ZHA), was awarded the Pritzker Architecture Prize in 2004 and is internationally known for her built, theoretical and academic work. Each of her dynamic and transformative projects builds on over thirty years of revolutionary exploration and research in the interrelated fields of urbanism, architecture and design. Working with senior office partner Patrik Schumacher, Hadid's interest lies in the rigorous interface between architecture, landscape, and geology as her practice integrates natural topography and human-made systems, leading to experimentation with cutting-edge technologies. Such a process often results in unexpected and dynamic architectural forms. The MAXXI Museum in Rome and the London Aquatics Centre for the 2012 Olympic Games are excellent demonstrations of ZHA's quest for complex, fluid space. Their earlier projects have also been hailed as architecture that transforms our vision of the future with new spatial concepts and bold, visionary forms. www.zaha-hadid.com
--
SCI-Arc exhibitions and public programs are made possible in part by a grant from the City of Los Angeles, Department of Cultural Affairs.
Public Programs
Parking and admission are free. No reservations are required. Events are broadcast live online at www.sciarc.edu/live.
SCI-Arc Public Programs are subject to change beyond our control. For the most current information, please visit www.sciarc.edu or call 213-613-2200.
Parking and Hours
The entrance to SCI-Arc's parking lot is at 350 Merrick Street, Los Angeles, CA 90013, between Traction Avenue and 4th Street in Los Angeles. The SCI-Arc Gallery is open daily from 10am–6pm.
About SCI-Arc
Southern California Institute of Architecture (SCI-Arc) is dedicated to educating architects who will imagine and shape the future. It is an independent, accredited degree-granting institution offering undergraduate and graduate programs in architecture. Located in a quarter-mile-long former freight depot in the Arts District in Downtown Los Angeles, the school is distinguished by its vibrant studio culture and emphasis on process. SCI-Arc's approximately 500 students and 80 faculty members, most of whom are practicing architects, work together to re-examine assumptions, create, explore and test the limits of architecture. SCI-Arc faculty and leadership have garnered more than 300 national and international design awards and recognitions, including Progressive Architecture awards, American Institute of Architects (AIA) awards, and the prestigious Jencks and Pritzker architecture prizes. SCI-Arc is ranked second in design and computer applications in the 2012 America's Best Architecture Schools survey from DesignIntelligence, and #1 graduate and #2 undergraduate architecture school in Western U.S. SCI-Arc is located at 960 E. 3rd Street, Los Angeles, CA 90013. www.sciarc.edu
Sen. Claire McCaskill was on MSNBC's Morning Joe, where she said that FBI Director James Comey's letter to Congress informing them that the bureau will review a trove of 650,000 emails recovered from Anthony Weiner's laptop showed hubris, and that he should've kept his mouth shut until all the facts are analyzed. She did concede that there was cause to look into Clinton's server over allegations that she might have mishandled classified information. In reality, we know why McCaskill and her Democratic colleagues are mad; it generates more bad press for Clinton. And that's not Comey's fault. It's entirely on Clinton for setting up an unauthorized and unsecure email server that potentially put America's national security at risk.
Democrats, your candidate sucks! All of this is the fault of Lady Macbeth. It's not the FBI, it's not the Russians—it's her. The Left is frothing at the mouth with rage, using Comey as their personal punching bag, which Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski noted seems to confirm that there might be a bombshell development in these emails, adding that the reaction that Comey should've kept his mouth closed, that he went rogue, “The only thing that makes me think is that you're actually reinforcing the premise that there's something there,” she said.
“Because this is a man of great integrity, according to everybody who works for Hillary Clinton on down. He's not partisan,” Brzezinski added. She also cited Comey's role in stopping the Bush White House from reauthorizing the illegal domestic surveillance program, which required then Attorney General John Ashcroft, who was in the hospital, signing off on it. Comey intercepted White House Chief Of Staff Andrew Card and White House Counsel Alberto Gonzalez at the hospital (via WaPo, 5/17/07):
On the night of March 10, 2004, as Attorney General John D. Ashcroft lay ill in an intensive-care unit, his deputy, James B. Comey, received an urgent call. White House Counsel Alberto R. Gonzales and President Bush's chief of staff, Andrew H. Card Jr., were on their way to the hospital to persuade Ashcroft to reauthorize Bush's domestic surveillance program, which the Justice Department had just determined was illegal. In vivid testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday, Comey said he alerted FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III and raced, sirens blaring, to join Ashcroft in his hospital room, arriving minutes before Gonzales and Card. Ashcroft, summoning the strength to lift his head and speak, refused to sign the papers they had brought. Gonzales and Card, who had never acknowledged Comey's presence in the room, turned and left. The sickbed visit was the start of a dramatic showdown between the White House and the Justice Department in early 2004 that, according to Comey, was resolved only when Bush overruled Gonzales and Card. But that was not before Ashcroft, Comey, Mueller and their aides prepared a mass resignation, Comey said. The domestic spying by the National Security Agency continued for several weeks without Justice approval, he said.
Oh yeah, Comey is such a partisan hack, right? The level of insanity and hypocrisy being spewed from the Left over Comey's Friday announcement that the FBI would review these emails is nothing short of appalling. After all, Democrats loved this guy last summer. Hillary Clinton put Comey in a horrible position. The FBI was always going to be part of this cycle ever since they launched a criminal probe into her email server. If he waited to inform the public, he would also be accused of playing politics, sitting on another batch of emails from a top Clinton aide.
The Clinton-related emails on Weiner's laptop were from Huma Abedin, who shared the device. Weiner is under investigation for his online interactions with an underage girl; that's how the emails were discovered. The FBI couldn't review those emails without a new warrant since the Weiner investigation is separate. You think in today's media, that information wouldn't be leaked? He was going to be burned either way. As for Democrats, just deal with it. Both parties have awful candidates, but the GOP didn't nominate someone under federal investigation.
Smoke rises from the modern city of Palmyra, in Homs Governorate, Syria April 1, 2016. REUTERS/Omar Sanadiki
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian troops have identified 45 bodies so far in a mass grave found in the city of Palmyra after it was recaptured from Islamic State, a military source told Reuters on Saturday.
Syrian government forces backed by heavy Russian air support drove Islamic State out of Palmyra last Sunday, inflicting what the army called a mortal blow to militants who had dynamited the city's ancient temples.
The communal grave, on the north-eastern edge of Palmyra, is the only one found so far in the city by the Syrian forces, the source said. It held the bodies of both civilians and Syrian army members captured by Islamic State.
Syrian state news agency SANA said on Friday the grave contained many women and children and some of the bodies had been beheaded.
In May last year, as Islamic State took control of Palmyra, the hard-line Islamist militants were reported by Syrian state media to have killed at least 400 people in the first four days of control.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the five-year-old Syrian conflict through a network of sources on the ground, said that Islamic State had killed a number of people at an earlier time and buried them on the outskirts of the city.
The Observatory reported on Saturday that fighting between Syrian forces and Islamic State around Qaryatain to the west of Palmyra. It also reported, and Russian and Syrian air strikes in the same area and to the east of Palmyra around the town of Sukhna.
Attacks by government forces against Islamic State positions to the around Palmyra are aimed at moving east across the desert to Islamic State-held Deir al-Zor near the Iraqi border, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has said.
CLOSE At the 2016 Rio Olympics, French gymnast Samir Ait Said suffered a double compound fracture that horrified audiences across the globe. USA TODAY Sports
The Olympics are scheduled to return to South Korea for the first time since 1988, when Seoul hosted the event. (Photo11: Jung Yeon-Je, AFP/Getty Images)
As the rhetoric and the fear ratchet up over North Korea, the next Olympic Games loom in the not-too-distant future, now less than six months away.
The 2018 Winter Olympics will be held in Pyeongchang, South Korea, which sits practically on the doorstep of North Korea, just 40 miles south of the Demilitarized Zone separating the north from the south.
As of now, those Games are on schedule to begin Feb. 9 and end Feb. 25. Athletes from around the world are training every day under that assumption. They know, as anyone who has followed the Olympics does, that the only reason the Olympic Games have ever been canceled has been due to world war.
More: Los Angeles still has business to settle on road to 2028 Olympics
More: Paris open to esports on 2024 Olympic program
More: Ryan Lochte: 'I've lived and learned and moved on' from Rio
The 1916 Summer Olympics were not held because of World War I, and the 1940 and 1944 Winter and Summer Games were canceled because of World War II.
The Olympics have otherwise carried on during all kinds of other conflicts, including regional wars involving the United States and Russia, and boycotts led by the United States and the then-Soviet Union.
But, as long as there is uncertainty surrounding the alarming developments between North Korea and the U.S., there naturally will be uncertainty about the upcoming Winter Olympics.
For Olympic athletes, there is nothing new about that.
“Unfortunately there is never a way to avoid the political stressors even in the athlete bubble, especially with our current political climate,” U.S. Olympic bronze medal-winning luger Erin Hamlin told USA TODAY Sports in a text Wednesday afternoon. “It is an uneasy feeling hearing so much animosity going back and forth but the only thing I can do is my job. I can't control what happens on that scope so I'm going to focus on what I can control, which is working hard every day to make the team and represent Team USA as best I can.”
The U.S. Olympic Committee is monitoring developments, as it always does before an upcoming game.
“Each host city presents a unique challenge from a security perspective,” spokesman Patrick Sandusky said Wednesday morning, “and, as is always the case, we are working with the organizers and the relevant law enforcement agencies, as well as the American State Department, to ensure that our athletes, and our entire delegation, are safe.”
I've covered 17 Olympics in a row, winter and summer, and I can't remember a one that didn't provoke concern, some graver than others.
The 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens were the first Summer Games held after the Sept. 11 attacks. Located in the Mediterranean so close to the Middle East, they could have been a home game for terrorists seeking to disrupt the world's largest, regularly scheduled peacetime gathering.
The 2014 Winter Olympic Games were held in Sochi, Russia, where concerns about terrorism in the region dominated headlines for months.
Thankfully, there were no incidents in Athens, nor in Sochi. In fact, the last time terrorism struck the Olympics was at the 1996 Atlanta Games, when a homemade bomb in Centennial Olympic Park killed 44-year-old spectator Alice Hawthorne.
The worst incident of terrorism at the Olympics remains the massacre of 11 Israeli athletes and coaches in Munich in 1972.
Nearly 30 years ago, the Olympics came to South Korea for the first time. Those were the 1988 Summer Olympic Games, held in Seoul, 80 miles west of Pyeongchang. There were serious concerns before those Games that the North Koreans were going to do something terrible. One fear was that they would open their dams and allow their rivers to flood Seoul. It never happened.
At those Games, journalists were given the option to visit the DMZ and even enter North Korea by walking around a table in a building bisected by the border. As we approached in a bus, our U.S. military guides handed out a waiver to sign. I'll never forget the wording on that sheet of paper: You are entering a war zone and realize that you could be injured or killed.
I'll also never forget all the guns pointed at our group by North Koreans perched high and low. Of course, U.S. and South Korean soldiers were returning the favor, pointing north.
Those Olympics are known for many things, including Ben Johnson's positive drug test, Janet Evans' swimming prowess and Greg Louganis' inspiring comeback after hitting his head on the diving board.
They are not known for terrorism or war or carnage, because, thankfully, that never happened.
Now, once again, the Olympic Games are coming to South Korea. Sadly, but not surprisingly, politics and danger are following right along.
A Libertarian in Solidarity with the Jimmy Johns Workers' Union
Labor unionization generally produces mixed if not outright negative reactions from libertarians. Labor Day was at the beginning of this previous week, and currently the Industrial Workers of the World are garnering the media spotlight for organizing Jimmy Johns workers to achieve better working conditions on the sandwich line. If I didn't see disparaging comments, I saw hardly any libertarians paying attention or showing virtually any amount of solidarity whatsoever with working people.
Libertarians often spend a lot of time defending the rich who have supposedly earned their wealth in the marketplace purely through productivity, and then they denounce the crooked labor unions and “socialists”who seek to steal the justly acquired property of the rich. This is a dangerous oversimplification of how the economy is structured, and it unfortunately pushes libertarians away from their true allies on the progressive left.
Working class activism is generally perceived in libertarian circles as collectivist, riddled with economic fallacies, and as yet another coercive state intrusion into the voluntary and peaceful exchange of goods. This very well might be true, but mainstream labor activism is in reality a well-justified but misled reaction to the horrors of state power and capitalism. After all, the elite have been using the state to rig the scales in their favor for virtually all history. It should come as no surprise when people fight fire with fire by trying to steer the state into advancing their interests instead of that of their oppressors. Unfortunately, libertarians leave out the first part of this cycle and focus exclusively on the statism of the unionizers, ignoring the original anti-market behavior committed by the capitalists.
These positions are chosen as a result of the system of false choices which confront us politically.
We are currently born into a cruel dialectic where one can only reasonably support “markets” or support state power, and virtually all American politickin' falls within this analytical framework. However, both options further entrench our corporate rulers.
Free market rhetoric in the United States is almost universally a euphemism for fascism. Being for “free markets” in cable news-speak means one wishes to keep the loot corporations have acquired through lobbying, removing none of their numerous subsidies, helpful regulations, competing good prohibitions, tariffs, land use policies, favorable tax codes, inflationary central banking practices & legal tender laws, licensing requirements, zoning mandates, intellectual property restrictions, etc. which bolster the position of the rich at the expense of the working poor, while at the same time removing all protection for the impoverished in the way of welfare programs and labor laws.
This is clearly an insane and disastrous course of action, and definitely an anti-libertarian one. Progressives are correct to oppose “free markets” if this is what they mean.
Consistent libertarians also reject virtually all of the policies I listed, but fail to recognize and frame what this position means for the impoverished of America. The liberty movement is absolutely a fight which can include those who traditionally agitate with labor movements. Libertarian aversion to sounding like a leftist is, in this author's humble opinion, primarily a result of their long-standing alliance with the right. It is time to end this pattern permanently, but we must also confront the established progressive strategy.
The alternative culturally-approved political avenue of supporting state power to oppose the criminal manipulation of the economy perpetuated by capitalists is well-intentioned, but should be opposed for practical considerations. As it currently stands, very few progressives or libertarians would deny that the state works for the benefit of corporations and not for the average person. As public choice economics sadly elucidates, average people are not incentivized to pay close attention to politics because their vote is statistically unlikely to make a difference, and the costs which they accrue from the political machinations of corporations are spread thinly amongst themselves and all citizens, whereas the benefits are horrifically concentrated for special interests groups like Monsanto who lobby for unjust economic advantages in the marketplace.
Politicians and bureaucrats are primarily motivated by self interest, like everyone else, and thus have far more to gain from supporting those who receive concentrated benefits rather than the rationally oblivious (and often poor) John Q. Public. Mr. Public is being slyly stolen from and subverted but simply does not have the time or resources to become educated about the countless threats to his social and economic well-being. The threats are too numerous, costly, and diverse, and thus political action to combat special interests is extremely difficult. Contrasted with those who have massive opportunities for extreme profit as a result of state power, the amount of regulatory capture and special interest rulership which dominates the American state is no real surprise .
As long as those justly seeking to limit the power of corporations follow the regulatory route, they will face an incredibly well-financed group with money to burn in order to keep their unjust anti-market privileges.
There is, however, a way out of this incredibly destructive and marginalizing false dichotomy now while reflecting upon Jimmy Johns and the IWW.
Eliminating the state's power to grant special favors to in-groups would genuinely please both libertarians and progressives. We need to acknowledge this immediately and work together to end corporate tyranny.
The state's intrusion into the economy has purposefully limited competition to the corporations and has dramatically narrowed the range of opportunities for working people to become entrepreneurs through self-employment or collectives/co-ops. Thus they are forced to accept fewer benefits, worse working conditions, and “wages so low they freaked” as a result of the deck being stacked against freedom of competition in conscious favor of the corporations, the highest bidders for state power.
If Americans removed the state's ability to play favoritism to the economic elite, which forces labor to be the pawns of the holders of capital, rather than workers jockeying for an artificially low number of jobs, businesses would be forced to compete in order to attract and keep laborers. Why would anyone work for a capitalist when one could reasonably be one's own boss in a syndicalist or otherwise horizontally-organized workplace? The Jimmy Johns' workers might very well have been able to start their own sandwichery! And if they ever did choose to work for a capitalist, it'd be because they were getting one heck of a deal.
This freed market approach wouldn't face the huge public choice problems of avoiding regulatory capture, nor would it unnecessarily limit human creativity and productivity, and it would lead to the progressive end of a more egalitarian society. Libertarians and progressives would be able to make incredible progress by breaking through the false dichotomy and by creating our envisioned world through this strategy.
So next time you see a libertarian being a sourpuss about workers unionizing at Jimmy Johns or celebrating Labor Day, remind them gently that all of us are reacting against corporatism in our own way. For whilst libertarians oppose the use of the state to artificially raise the status of one group at the expense of other peaceful individuals, they have little to fear from laborers rightfully seeking whatever solace they can glean from the corporatist state. They are merely victims of the current system of false choices. The enemies of libertarianism are absolutely not laborers who desperately need economic freedom, nor progressives, but the corporate overlords who criminally wield state power and “free markets” against the impoverished.
A ground-based interceptor missile fired from Vandenberg Air Force Base in southern California smashed into and destroyed a target launched from the Marshall Islands, the Missile Defense Agency announced today. This is the first test of the US homeland missile defense system against a “complex, threat­-representative [intercontinental ballistic missile] ICBM target," per the agency's press release.
The test was meant to show that the US can defend itself against a missile attack using the ground-based midcourse defense system or GMD. It was also to try out an upgraded component of the system. The GMD system consists of sensors deployed around the world, at sea, and in space; they work together to detect a hostile missile launch, and track the missile as it flies. Then, in theory, the control centers in the US can use that information to guide an interceptor missile to knock into the enemy weapon while it's still in space — away from people — and smash it into smithereens.
That's how the GMD is supposed to work, anyway. In practice, only 10 of the 18 intercept tests have succeeded, including today's. (And, actually, counting a 2006 test as a success is kind of controversial, because the interceptor hit the target, but didn't kill it. Destroying the target, it turned out, wasn't part of the test's objectives.) An LA Times investigation also reported that a January 2016 flight test considered successful in fact experienced a thruster malfunction, “causing the interceptor to fly far off-course.” The MDA says they dispute that characterization.
So: though the Missile Defense Agency is saying today is a success, that success may be asterisked. And they're still evaluating the results. Still, the test is a step towards demonstrating the system is capable of protecting the US against a small-scale ICBM attack — like one that North Korea could one day be capable of launching. But neither North Korea, nor our missile defenses, are ready for action. For example, since it could take several interceptors to destroy an enemy's warhead, the GMD still needs to be tested in a situation where multiple interceptors are fired together. But that's not planned until late 2017 or 2018 per the Government Accountability Office, so stay tuned.
There's a legend around here. A killer buried, but NOT dead. A curse on Crystal Lake, a death curse. Jason Voorhees' curse. They say he died as a boy, but he keeps coming back. Few have seen him and lived. Some have even tried to stop him. NO ONE can.
Great news for fans of horror icon Jason Voorhees! Word around the campfire is we are going to see another installment of thefranchise by the middle of next year... and to top things off, the upcoming sequel will try to answer the burning question of why Vorhees cannot be killed.We have 12 Voorhees films on the books, which means we're about to see the 13th installment of the Friday the 13 franchise, As though that weren't spooky enough, according to THR , the latest sequel intends on using found-footage style techniques while attempting to explain Jason's unkillable nature. In the very first film of the franchise we learn Jason died when he drowned as a result of his slack-off camp counselors not paying attention. Over the years, he's been seemingly killed on numerous occasions in the subsequent films but always finds himself returning for the sequel with a newfound lust for murder. While we never really come to understand why he remains alive (and all-powerful to boot), Friday The 13th: Part VII did at least attempt to explain the situation:I have pretty much written of his supernatural immortality as a sign of his horror monster status... which of course means I've excepted long ago that studios are going to want to continue making installments of the franchise for as long as remains possible. That said, I'll be interested to see how they come to reveal his everlasting life. How will they explain it without creating one giant unanimous audience sigh is anybody's guess, but for the sake of the legacy, I'd be thrilled if they pulled it off. I'd also be thrilled if they found a way to justify Kevin Bacon's immortality, thus reviving from the dead his character Jack from the original 1980 classic The next installment ofwill be directed by David Bruckner ). The last draft of the script was written by Richard Naing and Ian Goldberg with the latest to be written by Nick Antosca (). The sequel will be produced by Michael Bay, Andrew Form and Brad Fuller under Bay's Platinum Dunes—the co. behind the 2009 installment, which earned almost $100 million worldwide., which has already seen some delays , is expected to hit theaters May 13, 2016.
According to reports, just after 9:00 p.m. officers were dispatched to an area along 73rd and Wabash Avenue where they believe three victims were shot at.
Upon arrival, police located one victim dead at the scene.
Police say the two other victims may have driven themselves to Research Medical Center.
According to police, one victim was shot in the back of the head and later died at the hospital.
Police say the third victim was shot at least once and the severity of his injuries weren't immediately clear.
The suspects have been described as three males armed with unknown weapons, last seen leaving the scene driving NB in a gray Dodge Magnum.
If you have any information on this crime, please call police or the TIPS Hotlinee.
*Editor's note: Previous versions of this story have been updated to reflect the most recent information.
--------
Listening to the John and Ken Radio show on Friday afternoon was an experience in outrage. This is the most popular local radio show in the U.S., with an audience of over 1,000,000 people at peak drive time. The show on Friday was all about the passage of the second part of the California Dream Act which allows illegals to apply for financial aid from the state. It is projected to cost California—which already is billions of dollars short of balancing its budget—around $40 million. The first part allowed illegals (who are already allowed to pay state-subsidized in-state tuition) to apply for privately funded aid which is indirectly subsidized by the state because these foundations are tax-exempt.
The show on Friday was non-stop outrage about the bill, including furious callers demanding recall of legislators and an expletive-filled email from a U.S. citizen of Mexican descent who is ashamed of his people. John and Ken also used their daily appearance on a TV news program (on KTLA, a popular local station) to vent their anger to another large audience. Their website is mainly focused on the bill and has all the contact numbers of legislators and the governor so that citizens can express themselves on the bill.
This video of John and Ken discussing the Arizona anti-illegal immigrant law gives a flavor of what they are like.
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLt3yxsh4i8
So you'd figure that with all the interest and outrage about the bill that it would be headline news in the LATimes. But I couldn't find anything on it in the print edition at all. Only when I did an online search did I realize that the story was buried in another article about making it easier for farmworkers to unionize—another Latino priority. Toward the end of the article, it simply said,
Among the measures lawmakers passed Friday was one to give college students who are illegal immigrants access to public financial aid. That proposal is part of a two-bill package by Assemblyman Gil Cedillo (D-Los Angeles) known as the California Dream Act. Brown signed the first portion earlier this year, making undocumented students eligible for private aid. Although he has not said officially whether he will sign or veto the second measure, the governor said he was “positively inclined” to sign it.
So people who only read the pro-immigration, left-liberal Times (now owned by Jewish billionaire Sam Zell) would likely be in the dark on this, even though it generated great interest in a huge local audience. It's another example of how the media frames events—by omission as well as slanting stories. Black on White crime is the paradigm. Hard to get angry about things you don't know about. And it definitely gives some insight into why the print media is dying when they ignore stories of vital interest to their White readers.
On the other hand, there are major leaks in the media monopoly. Talk radio, as well as local TV stations like KTLA eager for an audience, seem quite willing to air what is probably the angriest implicitly White media in the US. John and Ken never tire of discussing hot button issues for Whites–illegal immigration, Mexican pathology, opposition to tax increases, and government that is bloated, overpaid,corrupt, and prone to over-regulation. They definitely do not shill for the Republicans. Schwarzenegger was a perennial target when he was governor, and they are constantly berating Republicans who are soft on tax increases or deviate on their other big issues.
Of course the Internet is another major leak, with a whole lot of material that John and Ken would shy away from. They are certainly not ideal from the standpoint of White advocacy–e.g., they never mention legal immigration which is a much greater problem than illegal. (You know that America is really on the road to ruin when, in the midst of historically high unemployment levels that are creating a political crisis for Obama, no one in the political class or MSM breathes a word about immigration—except to suggest “comprehensive immigration reform” = amnesty for illegals.)
But John and Ken certainly tap into and stoke White rage and they often get away with saying amazingly negative things about Mexico and its massive drug cartel violence (~30,000 killed from 2006-2010) and about Latinos in the U.S.–for example, ridiculing the idea that Latino immigrants are going to solve the state's need for a highly educated workforce. And that is all to the good.
Buy Photo Florida State head coach Jimbo Fisher said he was harder on his team this spring than he's ever been. (Photo: Joe Rondone/Democrat)Buy Photo
Jimbo Fisher knows he's not a nice man on the practice field.
He's not supposed to be.
The Florida State head coach is paid to win football games. Lots of football games. And being buddy-buddy with his players is the absolute least of his concerns.
If you doubt that, just stand outside the 10-foot-wall surrounding the FSU practice fields sometimes. You can't see what's going on inside the fortress but you can listen to it: Fisher's relentless shouting echoes all over that part of campus like a bell being tolled.
That's the way it's been ever since he got here, even when he was just the offensive coordinator. It's constant, it's loud and it's sometimes mean.
Which is why I was so startled by a comment Fisher made during his press conference after Saturday's Garnet & Gold game.
“I was hell this spring,” he said. “I was never happy. I was pushing, because if you don't now, you have to get across what you're trying to sell right now. The parity of this game is too great, who can mentally and physically handle the mental strains and toughness are the guy that persevere and come out on top.”
When he said this my first reactions was, “Wow, so he was holding back before?”
After the interview session was over I talked to Fisher for a minute as he was walking to his office. Because I really was intrigued by the “I was hell” comment.
Exactly hard had he been on his team this spring?
“Oh, I was an a--hole,” Fisher said.
Just in case you don't believe him I got verification from defensive end Brian Burns. I asked the sophomore if Fisher was really hell to play for this spring.
“Yeah, he was,” Burns said with a wide smile. “He was really on us, because I know he expects a lot out of us. There's a lot of potential on this team and when we don't play to the level that we can play he gets aggravated. And I don't blame him.
“So we all have to step up and meet his expectations.”
I asked quarterback Deondre Francois about Fisher's comments, but he sort of laughed them off. After all, he's a QB. So he deals with Fisher all day. Every day.
“He's going to be hard on me no matter what,” Francois said. “Spring, fall, summer, winter, it doesn't matter. I feel like he was a bit harder this spring. But he's always going to be hard. That's just Jimbo. No matter what the circumstances are he's a perfectionist. And so am I.
“So I couldn't really tell if he was harder (on everyone else), because he's always hard.”
Fair point.
But with Fisher claiming he was even tougher on his team than normal the question becomes: Why?
Well, the answer is pretty obvious: 10-3.
Florida State had a 29-game winning streak just a few years ago. Now the Seminoles have gone back-to-back years with three losses. They've gone two straight seasons without winning the ACC.
They were humiliated in a loss at Louisville last year and then, after a last-second defeat to North Carolina, had to sign promise notes to try harder.
Jimbo's not playing that nonsense anymore.
Winning 10 games is nice. Winning the Orange Bowl is an accomplishment worth celebrating. And beating your two in-state rivals is always satisfying.
But 2016 still wasn't good enough. Not for many FSU fans, and most certainly not for the FSU head coach.
Which is why he went from typical Jimbo to a-hole Jimbo. He turned up the yelling-and-demanding dial from 10 to 11.
“Exactly right,” he said. “And it's not necessarily about the winning and losing. It's the internal standard. You play to your internal standard. And that's what I was trying to get across. That's what I want. I want it back. I want us to do it this way.”
He said his team got that back for the second half of 2016, and he's not wrong. The Seminoles did seem to find that edge for the last seven games of the year, starting with the one-point win at Miami and culminating with the one-point win over Michigan in the same stadium.
With the talent he has coming back, especially on defense, Fisher knows 2017 has a chance to be a special season. He knows the Seminoles can win the ACC and return to the College Football Playoff.
He also knows they can't wait half a season to find themselves again.
So this spring he had no qualms about being a tyrant. He had no worries about bringing hell with him to the practice field every day.
Fisher wasn't out there to be anyone's friend. He wasn't out there to throw verbal bouquets around to his four- and five-star players.
Nope. He was going to more demanding than ever. He let them know, every period of every practice, that the way they played at times in 2016 wasn't nearly good enough. And he was going to do everything in his power, even if it meant being the biggest jerk in Leon County, to make sure it doesn't happen again.
There was a method to the madness – with heavy emphasis on the word “mad.”
“Yeah,” Fisher agreed. “I went in with a purpose.”
Though they might not always like to admit it, furries are people too. The geeky subculture known as “furry fandom” has gotten a lot of press over the years — most of it related to the sexual aspects of some parts of the culture. But British photographer Tom Broadbent knows that for all their apparent weirdness, furries are a lot more like us than we may imagine. In his ongoing series At Home With the Furries, which we recently spotted over at Feature Shoot, Broadbent captures some of these “furries” at home, engaging in the same mundane tasks we're all familiar with — just a little bit more fuzzily. After the jump, check out a few of our favorites from Broadbent's series, and then be sure to head on over to his website to see the rest, as well as much more of his work.
Some 106,185 people signed up for Obamacare in its first month of operation, a period marred by major technological problems with both the federal and state enrollment websites.
Fewer than 27,000 Americans selected an insurance plan through the federal healthcare.gov site, which is handling enrollment for 36 states, according to figures released Wednesday by the Obama administration. The site is still far from fully operational, leaving tech experts racing to get it working by month's end, as the administration promised.
The states running their own exchanges are responsible for the bulk of the sign-ups. Nearly 79,400 people have selected a plan through state-based exchanges, with California leading the way with nearly 35,400 selecting a plan. States have also been battling system errors, with Oregon having yet to accept online applications. Only 11 states reported sign-up figures Wednesday.
These figures reflect people who have selected insurance plans through the exchanges, but not necessarily paid for them. Americans have until Dec. 15 to pay if they want coverage to begin on Jan. 1. Open enrollment lasts through March 31.
Share your story: Are you signing up for Obamacare?
In addition to the sign-ups, nearly 975,500 people have created accounts on the exchange sites and are eligible to buy coverage, but have not yet selected a plan. Those with incomes below $46,000 for individuals and $94,200 for families of four are eligible for premium subsidies.
Separately, another 396,261 Americans have been determined eligible for Medicaid or Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP). Only half of states and the District of Columbia have opted to expand this public health program, which allows states to cover all adults up to 138% of the poverty line with the federal government paying the full tab for the first three years and providing large subsidies thereafter.
Medicaid applications have outpaced exchange sign-ups as states are able to steer low-income folks to state Medicaid sites, avoiding the exchanges' technical woes. For instance, Washington has added more than 48,000 to its Medicaid rolls, but only saw 7,300 people sign up for private insurance.
More people have signed up for insurance in recent weeks. A CNN tally shows that more than 120,000 people have picked and paid for an insurance plan in the 11 states reporting figures.
Interactive map: How many have signed up for Obamacare
The heavily anticipated initial figures are a long way from the 7 million people the Congressional Budget Office projected would gain coverage through the exchanges in 2014 and 9 million who would enroll in Medicaid or CHIP.
As late as September, the administration expected nearly 500,000 people to enroll in October, according to an internal memo obtained by CNN, but revised its figure to 800,000 in October and November combined, in light of the continuing technical problems.
Administration officials have been downplaying enrollment expectations as problems with the exchange sites continued to stymie visitors' attempts to create accounts and search for insurance plans. President Obama has pointed to the fact that only a hundred people signed up for coverage in Massachusetts in 2006 when health care was overhauled there, but thousands signed up by the end of that year.
"We expect enrollment will grow substantially throughout the next five months, mirroring the pattern that Massachusetts experienced," said Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius. "We also expect that the numbers will grow as the website, healthcare.gov, continues to make steady improvements."
Related: White House says Obamacare site improving
The sites' technical problems have left many Americans and state officials racing to find alternate ways to enroll. Healthcare.gov added a plan browser feature that allows visitors to see sample prices for coverage in their area, though the actual plans may be much more costly. Potential enrollees are being encouraged to sign up through call centers or paper applications. They can also go directly to insurers, though their subsidy eligibility would have to be determined separately.
In Illinois, state officials asked counselors tasked with helping people sign up to delay appointments with consumers until December, when the federal website is expected to work better.
The number of people signing up is just part of what determines the success of the site. The exchanges also have to attract many younger, healthier people to balance the older, sicker Americans who are more desperate for coverage and are most costly for insurers. The administration did not release a breakdown of who has signed up so far, but Sebelius said it will provide those details in the future.
Tulsa Literary Coalition and Booksmart Tulsa Present
Stephen King
The Fabulous Minx
Doors: 6:00 pm / Show: 7:00 pm
Cain's Ballroom
Tulsa, OK
Sold Out
This event is all ages
THERE ARE TWO TICKETS OPTIONS: SEATED $35 | STANDING $30
There is a $2 fee that applies to each ticket purchased at the Cain's Box Office.
No re-entry! No smoking! No refunds!
Booksmart Tulsa and the Tulsa Literary Coalition are thrilled to announce Stephen King's visit to Tulsa for his new novel, END OF WATCH. Presented in partnership with Magic City Books.
Stephen will talk, read and do a Q&A. Each ticket holder will receive one copy of END OF WATCH. 400 of the books will be pre-signed and given out at random. There will not be book signings during the appearances.
As of June 3, Oklahoma Joe's BBQ is no longer scheduled to be open for dinner at this event. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Support acts are subject to change without notice!
https://www.cainsballroom.com/event/1124365/
By the time she was 56, Catherine Duff felt she had almost died eight times.
The rehabilitation counselor suffered extreme bouts of colitis — a dangerous swelling of the intestines — caused by an overgrowth of a stomach bacterium.
Her doctors suggested removing as much of her swollen intestines as possible — up to a third. But Duff had found a new treatment on the Internet, one that didn't require surgery.
She took fecal matter from her husband and, using a method she had found on the Web, transferred it to her swollen gut. Within hours of completing the transfer, she felt relief from the pain she had endured for months.
Fecal transplants have emerged as one of the most effective, though still experimental, treatments for the condition suffered by Duff and half a million other Americans each year.
Known as recurrent Clostridium difficile colitis, the condition usually occurs when healthy gut bacteria are wiped out by antibiotics.
The disease is notoriously hard to treat, but fecal transplants can cure more than 90 percent of patients within a few days, according to a study published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2013.
New research shows the benefits don't end there. Fecal transplants could someday be used to treat obesity, scientists say.
At the heart of fecal transplants are the estimated 100 trillion bacteria that live inside our gut and play a vital role in our health. Weighing about 3 pounds — almost as much as the liver — this community of bacteria is now considered as integral to our health as our organs.
Among their many roles, gut bacteria support the immune system, maintain a delicate balance between good and bad bacteria and help break down food, releasing essential nutrients into the body.
If these bugs could talk, they'd say a lot about us. Our diet, environment and lifestyle shape the bacterial community, which in turn shapes our well-being. Now scientists say the bacteria could be manipulated to treat diseases and improve health.
The Food and Drug Administration allows fecal transplants to be used only in patients with C. difficile colitis for whom all other treatments have failed. It classifies human stool as a biological agent and states on its website that “its use … and research should be regulated to ensure patient safety.”
Pioneering patients such as Duff argue that government oversight can make access to the life-saving treatment difficult for doctors and patients.
Matthew Grisham, professor of gastroenterology at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, says the treatment has shown “extraordinary results” but regulation is needed to ensure the long-term safety of patients.
“We need more studies to learn the longer-term impact on patients, but this is an extremely promising treatment. I've never seen clinical trials with results as good as these.”
A study published in November in the journal Cell looked at the bugs in the poop of obese and lean people and found that lean people had more of a particular type of bacteria, called Christensenella.
Christensenella has also been found in larger amounts in healthy adults than in those with inflammatory bowel disease.
The scientists studying the bacteria went a step further. They transferred poop from 21 human donors into mice and found that the mice took on the weight characteristics of the human donor.
If a mouse received a transfer from an obese human, the mouse became overweight. If a mouse received a transfer from a lean human, the mouse stayed a healthy weight.
Julia Goodrich, a graduate student at Cornell University and lead author of the study, says one theory for the link between weight gain and gut bacteria is how the bugs help us break down food.
“Certain microbes can break down complex carbohydrates better than others, and that means the host has more energy that it can extract from the diet.” she said.
Goodrich's experiments build on the work of scientists at Washington University in St. Louis.
Researchers there took genetically identical twin pairs of humans where one twin was obese and the other slim, and transferred gut bacteria from the twins to mice. Mice receiving bacteria from an obese twin put on weight. Mice receiving bacteria from a slim twin remained slim.
Goodrich said the findings are “striking” but “more studies are needed. The problem with studying this in obesity is that … [C. difficile] is such a debilitating thing,” she said. “With obesity, it's harder to motivate people to do studies looking at fecal transfer as a treatment.”
It may sound novel, but using poop to cure diseases isn't a new idea. In 1958, surgeons at Denver General Hospital used feces to treat patients with the type of severe colitis now known to be caused by C. difficile.
That year, in a paper in the Journal of Clinical Gastroenterology, chief of surgery Dr. Ben Eiseman said his aim was to use fecal transplants to “re-establish the balance of nature” in his patients, all of whom were cured after receiving the treatment.
Eiseman may have taken his cues from fourth-century China, where a doctor, Ge Hong, doled out a concoction by the name of yellow soup to patients with stomach cramps. Yellow soup sometimes contained fresh feces; other times it contained fermented feces.
Medical literature describes another Chinese physician, Li Shizhen, who practiced in the 16th century. Shizhen treated patients suffering digestive ailments with a similar yellow soup.
Thankfully, Duff and others like her don't have to drink yellow soup. Transfers of fecal bacteria are now done using a colonoscopy, where a tube is used to insert a slushy mixture of fecal bugs from a healthy donor into the back passage of a patient.
Dr. Herbert DuPont, an infectious disease doctor at the University of Texas Health Sciences Center in Houston, has treated 54 patients suffering from C. difficile colitis using fecal transplants since September 2013.
“We are seeing patients from all over Texas,” he said. “I've treated a lot of people from Dallas.” Some studies indicate that up to 2,000 Texans could benefit from the treatment.
Colitis caused by C. difficile has spread to epidemic proportions in the U.S. More than 14,000 Americans die each year from the disease, which occurs when antibiotic treatment disrupts the balance of good bacteria in the gut and causes an overgrowth of C. difficile.
The infection typically occurs in hospitals where patients receive long bouts of treatment with antibiotics. Fecal transplants have emerged as an effective treatment for patients who are not responding to conventional medicines for colitis. Ironically, the conventional treatment for colitis caused by antibiotics is more antibiotics.
“If you think about the profound aspect of this, we are not giving drugs, we are not doing surgery, we're taking normal, healthy bacteria and putting them in the organ where they belong and curing a disease that hundreds of thousands of dollars of antibiotics were not able to cure,” said DuPont.
DuPont's team uses stool from 12 healthy donors who are screened for a host of diseases including HIV and hepatitis C. But it's not only infectious diseases that exclude people from donating. “They can't be overweight or diabetic,” said DuPont.
He points to the research that shows that obese people have different gut bacteria than slim people. “Theoretically, we could make people fat by giving them a [fecal transplant] from an obese donor,” he said. “The same goes for diabetes.”
Obese individuals — about 35 percent of Americans — could eventually benefit from treatment with fecal transplants. DuPont said he can't offer fecal transplants as a treatment for obesity right now because the FDA has not approved it for that condition.
He also points out that it's the bacteria from the feces and not the feces itself that is being transferred — sort of. “First of all, this is often called fecal transfer or transplant, but that's not a good term for it,” he insists. “Really, it's fecal microbiota transfer. The ‘F' stands for where the bacteria come from.”
To make the treatment, DuPont's team takes stool from healthy donors, adds salt water, blends the mixture and filters it twice “through basically a coffee filter to get rid of the stuff that we think of as stool.” They are left with a smooth, brown liquid that is given to patients using a colonoscope, a thin, flexible tube that is inserted into the back passage.
The team's next step is to give patients fecal bacteria not through invasive colonoscopies but enemas and pills filled with frozen fecal bacteria.
“We have a local pharmacist and we bought an encapsulation machine jointly with him to make the capsules. … We can make them any color we want,” he said.
Duff, who lives in Indiana, found her own doctors were not as entrepreneurial. They hadn't even heard of the treatment. Amid her excruciating pain, the failure of conventional medicines and having to quit her job because of her illness, Duff was forced to concoct her own fecal transplant at home.
Using a stool sample from her husband, a blender, a colander and an enema bottle, she administered the treatment to herself. “It was miraculous,” she said. “I started off a skeptic, but I felt better within hours.”
Hoping to help others in her position, Duff set up the Fecal Transplant Foundation in 2013 to help patients and doctors get access to the treatment.
“Here we have this low-risk, low-cost, highly effective treatment,” she said. “Whether it's for bowel disease or obesity, I believe everyone should have access to it.”
Dr. Seema Yasmin, a former epidemiologist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, is a physican and professor at the University of Texas at Dallas. Follow her on Twitter at @DoctorYasmin.
CLOSE According to her attorney, Nina Pham plans to sue the parent company of the Texas hospital where she contracted Ebola. VPC
Dallas nurse Nina Pham talked with WFAA medical reporter Janet St. James about her recovery from Ebola. (Photo11: WFAA)
DALLAS — Nurse Nina Pham plans to file a lawsuit against Texas Health Resources, the parent company of the hospital where she contracted Ebola last fall, according to her attorney.
Charla Aldous said Pham is suing for negligence and an invasion of privacy. They plan to file the lawsuit Monday in Dallas County.
The 37-page lawsuit alleges that Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital and its parent company did not provide proper training for Pham and her colleagues to care for Thomas Duncan, the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States. Duncan died Oct. 8.
Aldous says nurses were not given proper equipment to treat Ebola patients. The suit also claims the hospital invaded Pham's privacy.
Charla Aldous (Photo11: WFAA)
"Information was disclosed to the public about Nina that she would rather have not been disclosed, including her identity," Aldous said.
Aldous said Texas Health Resources used Pham's recovery to improve its image. She claims the hospital "misrepresented some of her medical issues" as part of "damage control."
Aldous cited another incident in which a doctor filmed Pham in her treatment room and published it to a company public relations page online without Pham's consent.
Two nurses who treated Duncan contracted the deadly virus. Amber Vinson was diagnosed with the disease just days after Pham did. Both recovered.
Pham, who was first diagnosed with Ebola on Oct. 11, was initially treated at Texas Health Presbyterian, but was taken to the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Md., five days after her diagnosis.
On Oct. 24, as she was released from NIH, Pham thanked Kent Brantly "for his selfless act" of donating plasma during her treatment. Brantly is the American physician who contracted Ebola while working with a non-profit medical mission group in Liberia. He was flown to Atlanta for treatment in August and has recovered.
"I believe in the power of prayer because I know so many people all over the world have been praying for me," Pham said in a short statement. "Although I no longer have Ebola, I know that it may be a while before I have my strength back."
Texas Health Resources spokesman Wendell Watson said by e-mail Sunday that "Nina Pham bravely served Texas Health Dallas during a most difficult time. We continue to support and wish the best for her, and we remain optimistic that constructive dialogue can resolve this matter."
CLOSE Nina Pham was all smiles when she arrived back in Texas, after being declared Ebola-free by the National Institutes of Health. The Dallas nurse contracted the disease while treating the city's first Ebola patient. VPC
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1BuJ7kV
Santa Clara County jail inmate died screaming, ‘I'm sorry!'
Three Santa Clara County correctional officers are on leave in the wake of an inmate at the Main Jail in San Jose. Three Santa Clara County correctional officers are on leave in the wake of an inmate at the Main Jail in San Jose. Photo: Michael Macor Photo: Michael Macor Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Santa Clara County jail inmates died screaming, ‘I'm sorry!' 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
A mentally ill Santa Clara County inmate was heard screaming, “I'm sorry” and “Stop,” as he was allegedly beaten by correctional officers hours before he was found dead, authorities said Tuesday as they charged the jailers with murder.
Court documents described a brutal beating by three correctional officers at the Main Jail in San Jose that culminated in the death of 31-year-old Michael Tyree, who was found naked and covered in feces and vomit in his cell Aug. 27, hours after the beating was meted out when he initially refused to take his medication, prosecutors said.
The attack came after the jailers had roughed up another inmate, prosecutors charged.
Jereh Lubrin, 28, and Matthew Farris and Rafael Rodriguez, both 27, made their first appearance Tuesday afternoon in Superior Court since their arrests last week. All three are on unpaid leave in what Sheriff Laurie Smith has described as a “vile and cowardly act.”
The three corrections officers did not enter a plea to the charges, which include murder. They are being held without bail.
“Whether a person is on the street, or in that jail, he deserves human dignity. He deserves to be treated like a human being,” said District Attorney Jeff Rosen. “We charged three correctional officers with murder for the beating death of mentally ill inmate Michael Tyree, a human being.”
The series of events unfolded about 7:30 p.m. Aug. 26, when Tyree went to get his evening medications during the nightly “pill call.”
But after the nurse gave him his medications, he put them into his pocket instead of taking them, sheriff's Sgt. Marc Carrasco wrote in an affidavit.
The nurse notified Lubrin, who confronted Tyree and told him to go back to the window, Carrasco wrote. Tyree angrily called the nurse a “liar and a rapist,” but took the drugs from his pocket and ingested them, the affidavit says.
About 10:40 p.m., the three jailers, while conducting routine checks, confronted another inmate, Juan Villa, about a dispute he had with a fellow inmate, Carrasco wrote.
They allegedly hit Villa in the head and twisted his arms, leaving visible marks, before leaving his cell, authorities said. The three were charged by prosecutors with assault by a public officer in the incident involving Villa.
The officers later visited Tyree, with Lubrin and Farris going into his cell while Rodriguez stayed near the door, Carrasco wrote.
Tyree was heard saying words to the effect of, “Do I have to get up?” according to the affidavit. Farris then ordered him to get up, investigators said.
Tyree's “distinctive voice could be heard screaming, “I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Stop,” the affidavit says. “Screaming could be heard throughout the pod for several minutes, and was accompanied by the sounds of thumping, wall banging and what sounded like blows to a person's body.”
At one point during the alleged attack, Rodriguez closed the door until it was open only a small amount, authorities said.
The jailers caused injuries to Tyree's eye, near his chin, on his cheek, above his left ear and on his upper arms, legs, back and hips, investigators said.
But the most significant injury was on Tyree's lower left back, which severely damaged his spleen and liver, causing him to die from internal bleeding “within minutes to no more than one hour,” Carrasco wrote.
Afterward, the jailers searched more cells. They never called for medical aid for Tyree, whose lifeless body was found by Lubrin, authorities said. Lubrin radioed that there was a “man down” at 12:12 a.m. Aug. 27, the affidavit says.
Henry K. Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: hlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @henryklee
The witness to the apparent abduction of 15-year-old Alyssa Langille from Mississauga last week, which sparked an Amber Alert, has been charged after police claim the event never happened. Initially, the witness told Peel Regional Police that they'd watched the abduction of a woman by two men who'd jumped out of a silver van at St. Barbara Blvd. and Comiskey Cres. on Sunday afternoon.
Alyssa Langille, 15, was believed to have been abducted in Mississauga on January 15, 2017. Police issued an Amber Alert after a witness says they saw two men force her into a van. ( Peel Regional Police )
Bob Langille, Alyssa's father, first called police later that evening after the girl's younger sister found that she'd made a “fake body” from clothes stuffed into her bed to appear as though she was still sleeping in it. It was around this time that the witness, according to police, gave information which seemed to suggest Alyssa had been the woman kidnapped earlier in the day. Toronto Police Service officers found Alyssa in Scarborough early Monday morning, unharmed, and the Amber Alert was called off.
Article Continued Below
Investigators said she “was not the victim of the abduction,” but, nonetheless, continued to look into what happened. By Thursday, according to a statement from Peel Regional, “evidence revealed that the reported abduction never occurred.” Investigators aren't sure of why the suspect claimed to have seen an abduction. It doesn't appear that Langille and the suspect knew each other. Alyssa Langille went missing twice in the span of two days last December, Dec. 6 and Dec. 9. At the time, her father told reporters that she's “hooked up with the wrong people,” some of whom are “older,” and live in the Mississauga area. “[There is] no linkage between the two, other than for notoriety in the media,” said Peel Regional Police Const. Mark Fischer.
Uzma Khan, a 32-year-old woman from Mississauga, has been charged with one count of public mischief. She is due in court on Feb. 28. With files from Evelyn Kwong and Salmaan Farooqui
Read more about:
Eric Ries, Author of The Lean Startup and The Startup Way, shares the management practices that can help leaders inspire innovation and develop breakthrough products.
In 2011, Eric Ries published a book that you may have heard of. It's called The Lean Startup. His book has not only become a staple on the product management reading list, it's fundamentally transformed the way both startups and large companies build products.
What I would say the biggest realization is that the startup movement globally has developed a series of what I would call management practices that we universally adopt and believe in, but we don't really ever talk about. We kind of view them as too obvious to be worth mentioning. Things like, every startup has a board. The way we fund startups is using what I now call metered funding, but rounds of financing with fixed budgets. We believe that small teams can be big teams. We believe that the quality of an idea is irrelevant unless it is embedded within the lived experience of an actual team.
Eric developed a scientific approach to making product decisions. He uses customer development and continuous iteration to increase the chances of building something that customers actually want. Eric stresses: “no matter what the industry or size of company or sector, our project plans, our budgets, our forecast are all based around assumptions about what we think customers will want.”
Many of the startups that applied the practices Eric preached in The Lean Startup are no longer startups. They've built market-leading products and now have thousands of employees. The challenge, however, is that as companies grow, they lose sight of the entrepreneurial management practices that got them to where they are now.
His approach is embodied by the most important questions in Lean Startup style review: “What did you learn and how do you know?”
Companies need to reinstate those practices if they want to continue to deliver market-leading products. Similarly, large corporations are increasingly starting entrepreneurial initiatives so that they can create the next generation of innovation:
When we reframed the problem not as prioritizing the backlog as to what features are going to get built, but prioritizing what experiments do we want to run to test the hypotheses, it opened up a lot of new possibilities including the ability for the product owner themselves to start to learn what really matters to customers not based on assumptions or guesses but based on real experimental data.
After advising and investing in several startups and consulting for companies such as General Electric, Eric developed strategies for applying Lean management practices, such as metered funding, small team sizes, experimentation, and metrics-driven development. That's what his new book, The Startup Way, is about.
In this episode, Eric shares how he's helped GE and other companies start practicing Lean product development and scale it across the organization.
Here are the highlights:
Over seven years ago, Rooster Teeth invented the sport of Grifball in Halo 3. Now that classic experience is back on the Master Chief Collection!
Shortly after the April MCC update was released, Forge guru NOKYARD put the finishing touches on a pair of Halo 3 Grifball maps that are virtually identical to the classic Foundry maps he built in the old days.
The maps, GrifballHUB ONE and Grifball LIVE are available to download from the fileshare of NOKYARD (Gamertag: runNOKYARDrun). There are two ways to access his fileshare:
Friend runNOKYARDrun on Xbox Live and find him on your in-game “Friends” roster; or Find runNOKYARDrun on the campaign leaderboards. To access the leaderboards, go to Options & Career -> Leaderboards -> Campaign Timing -> Halo 2 Heroic -> Delta Halo. runNOKYARDrun can be found with a time of 4:32.
When you see runNOKYARDrun, hit A on the name and access his fileshare. For normal 4v4 Grifball games, download GrifballHUB ONE. For games that are to be live-streamed or require a Neutral Host, download Grifball LIVE.
Don't forget to grab the Halo 3 Grifball gametype, also found on his fileshare!
To celebrate the new availability of Halo 3 Grifball, GrifballHub is running two one-night tournaments (rushes!)
On Friday, April 24, AGLA teams will take to the court to see who is the best…at Halo 3 Grifball! This past season was played in Halo 4 Grifball, but what would the results have looked like if we had played in Halo 3 instead?
On Tuesday, April 28, all players and teams are invited to celebrate Halo 3's return. All are welcome!
See you on the ol' court!
Ultra Music Festival India is finally official. Today during the live stream of the festivities on Day 1 of Ultra Miami and fabled brand let viewers get a sneak peek of what is to come in 2017 for the world's largest dance music festival. While Ultra Music Festival India has been rumored and in the works for some time it is not official.
Ultra Music Festival India Making Two Stops in New Delhi and Mumbai
Not only is Ultra Music Festival India taking place in 2017, the festival is taking place IN TWO CITIES. While no dates have yet been announced this is gigantic news for the two (out of the three) most populous cities in the subcontinent. Check out the screenshot of the live stream below which shows the cities.
The two cities join a harrowed list of some of the most successful Ultra stops in the world. India is known for being a massive consumer of electronic dance music and culture so it is only right that the country gets not one, but two Ultra Music Festivals. This also means that Ultra is very serious about continuing to expand it's brand. Only a decade ago only one Ultra existed and now slowly over the course of many years there are 24 different Ultra Music Festivals all over the globe.
Ultra Music Festival India will no doubt be two entirely unique experiences that are an absolute must for any and all international dance music fan. We are not only excited to learn more about what the festival plans to do as they release details about the two new festivals, but are also incredibly excited to see the reaction of Indian fans. The local talent in India has been noted over the years as the country is a breeding ground for euphoric high energy trance. We can only hope that Ultra India gives proper credit to the genre during its initial events.
Jon Dimaya and family attend a candlelight vigil at Las Vegas City Hall on Monday. Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images
LAS VEGAS—In the wake of Sunday's massacre, a series of images loom across Las Vegas as profound reminders of where this country stands on gun violence, and how total a rout one side has achieved in that debate. Driving into the city on I-15 North, passing the towering Mandalay Bay—the site of the attack that claimed the lives of at least 59 people and wounded more than 500—I pass a massive billboard depicting a beautiful woman in a tank top. She's holding a long gun. It is an advertisement for a firing range that promises on its website the opportunity to “shoot fully automatic weapons in Las Vegas.” The city is replete with such opportunities.
On Monday, the same note was plastered on hotel marquees throughout the city: “Pray for Vegas.” In the battle against assault weapons in America, prayer has beaten gun control, and it's not even close.
One of the first people I talked to in the city was a man named Brian, who was doing some shopping at Mandalay Bay on Monday afternoon. Leaving the hotel through a door that was partially tied off in police tape, he wore a T-shirt with the words “Black Rifle Coffee Company” and a decal of an assault weapon. The Salt Lake City–based java business lists its roasts by firearm type and promises to “fuel freedom-loving Americans everywhere.”
Brian, who declined to give his last name, told me he'd been a Marine for eight years, doing “anti-piracy operations and counterinsurgency stuff,” and a police officer in Central Ohio for five years. He patiently and knowledgeably explained why he believes the current regulations on “gun suppressors”—that is, silencers—are too onerous, and why the legislation to loosen those restrictions needs to pass. Even so, he acknowledged that the types of guns used in Sunday's attack—reportedly semi-automatic weapons that had been modified to fire essentially as automatics—serve no practical purpose. “I was in the Marine Corps […] and we used them on our helicopters,” he told me. “But as small arms, something you would carry, we never used it. It's used for suppressing fire, that's all it's used for.
“I really don't see the need for a fully automatic weapon,” he added. Neither did the federal government, which banned almost all automatic weapons many years ago. Yet that capability is precisely what was available to the man who carried out Sunday's attack, through the use of “bump-stock” tech accessories that can transform semi-automatics into machine guns that are practically fully automatic. In articulating his critique of these weapons, though, Brian was defensive, sounding like he was afraid NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre might pop out of a bush and strip him of his “good guy with a gun” card. “My interpretation of the Constitution … is that your Second Amendment right is not for hunting or recreational shooting. It is to keep the government in check,” he told me. “With that being said, do I personally think people should have automatic weapons? No, I don't. However, I don't want that to be construed as me saying I don't believe in the Second Amendment.”
On the road from Mandalay Bay to Las Vegas City Hall, the site of a prayer vigil on Monday evening, there was a set of signs for the Vegas Machine Gun Experience. At that vigil, the notion that such instruments of mass death might have had something to do with Sunday's massacre was not a subject of conversation. Instead, speakers focused on the unifying power of prayer. “We ask you, Lord, at a time like this, at a time of such tragedy, that you will help every one of us to look deep within and to no longer make it about us, but to make it about you and about one another,” said one clergyman.
“Father we ask that you will forgive all of us who have had issues with each other,” he continued. “All that has gone on in this nation for so many years. Lord, we just need your help today. Will you bind our hearts together? Will you bring us together as a nation? Will you make us one again?”
“There are no words that we can say except to cry out to God,” said another.
There are indeed no words if the only appropriate ones are verboten. Such words would contemplate how and why we live in a society where a man like the Vegas shooter has access to these kinds of weapons. But heaven forbid anyone politicize a tragedy in the first 24 hours.
It's important to realize that those initial 24 hours define the tragedy, how the media talks and thinks about the tragedy, and what the ultimate response to the tragedy might look like. It's also important to understand that offering prayer as the answer to mass shootings is itself a statement of political priorities. It uses the fact that victims deserve the comfort that religion can offer in times of great tragedy to bludgeon everyone—including nonbelievers—with the premise that religion is the only appropriate response to such tragedy.
The one speaker who gestured at the fact that the shooter in Sunday's attack had an arsenal that could outfit a small army was Rep. Dina Titus, the Democrat who represents most of the city of Las Vegas.
“We want to thank everybody who has put their heart and soul into trying to grieve today and then after today we will move forward and start talking about why we don't need one more moment of silence in Congress for victims of gun violence,” she said.
By then it will be too late.
Jon Dimaya was at the vigil with three of his children, holding signs that read “We are Las Vegas, We Are Strong, We Are Battle Born,” “We Are Strong,” and “Pray for Las Vegas.” As a nurse on the rapid response team at Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center—which reportedly treated going on 200 injured people, including more than 100 with gunshot wounds—he witnessed the horror of Sunday's massacre firsthand.
“Everybody's crying out, nobody knows what's going, everybody is shot,” he told me. “You go to the first person: ‘Where are you shooting, where is it?' Then you assess them from there: Is it in their stomach? Is it in their arm? Is it in their head?”
Dimaya described the responses he heard.
“I don't understand what's going on. I was holding my husband's hand and I lost him. I don't know if he's alive,” said one victim.
“This isn't even my blood. I thought I was shot. I'm in shock right now. This is somebody else's blood. We couldn't even tell that it wasn't mine, there was that much. Somebody fell on top of me. I don't know what's going on. That person got shot while he was on top of me and he saved my life,” said another.
Dimaya's wife is also a nurse. She works at St. Rose Dominican hospital, where more than 50 patients were treated.
“When she came home in the morning and I came home she looked at me and we just said, ‘What did you see?' ” he told me. “From there we cried for about a good hour and she said, ‘I [have] to go to sleep.' And I couldn't sleep.
“I think it's the person and not the gun,” he told me when I asked him for his thoughts on assault weapons. Dimaya, who said he doesn't own a gun himself, thought for a moment about whether anything could be done to prevent a shooting like the one at the Mandalay Bay.
“I don't think so,” he told me. “I can't think of any action.”
For the gun lobby, that is what victory sounds like.
An intriguing light-heavyweight fight has been added to the UFC's return to Brazil in November.
According to sources with knowledge of the situation, the UFC is targeting Glover Teixeira vs. Patrick Cummins on Nov. 7 in São Paulo. Both fighters are on board with the idea, however, the fight is not official just yet. Should it get finalized, expect the promotion to announce it in the coming days.
Teixeira (23-4) snapped a two-fight losing streaking earlier this month when he submitted Ovince Saint Preux via rear-naked choke in the third round of their main event fight, while Cummins (8-2) was also victorious this month, as he defeated Rafael Cavalcante via third-round TKO at UFC 190 in Rio de Janeiro.
UFC Fight Night 77, headlined by Vitor Belfort vs. Dan Henderson 3, will air live on FOX Sports 1 in the United States from the Ginásio do Ibirapuera.
Update: The UFC officially confirmed that Teixeira vs. Cummins has been booked for Nov. 7.
Skeptics have been saying for years that psychics are crooks and charlatans, but a new study published by Yale University proves that some people have real psychic abilities.
Yale News reports:
People with psychosis are tormented by internal voices. In an effort to explain why a Yale team enlisted help from an unusual source: psychics and others who hear voices but are not diagnosed with a mental illness.
They found that the voices experienced by this group are similar in many ways to those reported by people with schizophrenia, with a few big differences: Psychics are much more likely to perceive the voices as positive or helpful and as experiences that can be controlled, according to a new study published Sept. 28 in the journal Schizophrenia Bulletin.
“We have known for some time that people in the general population can have the experience of hearing voices—sometimes frequently—without the need for psychiatric intervention,” said Albert Powers, a psychiatry fellow and lead author of the study.
As many as one in 25 people hear voices at any given time and up to 40% may report hearing a voice at some time in their lives. Most do not meet criteria for mental illness. But finding healthy people to study who hear voices has been difficult.
“Studying psychics through the lens of voice-hearing may give us important insights into why they are able to function so well without the need for psychiatric care,” Powers said.
Powers and Philip Corlett, assistant professor of psychiatry and senior author on the paper along with Yale neuroscience graduate student Megan Kelley, studied a group called clairaudient psychics, who report receiving daily auditory messages. The subjects who reported hearing voices were given tests from forensic psychiatry designed to identify those who falsely claim to be hearing voices in order to avoid criminal prosecution. Both psychics and psychosis patients had similar scores on tests meant to detect false claims of hearing voices. However, patients with schizophrenia were much more likely to report negative experiences when hearing voices or discussing the voices with other people.
By comparing the psychics' experiences with those of people with schizophrenia and a control group of healthy subjects, the authors claim to have found some clues as to what may be protecting this group of healthy voice-hearers.
“These individuals have a much higher degree of control over the voices. They also have a greater willingness to engage with and view the voices as positive or neutral to their lives,'' Corlett said. “We predict this population will teach us a lot about the neurobiology, cognitive psychology and eventually treatment of distressing voices.”
Researchers say the approach may be unusual, but is justified by lack of progress in treating illnesses like schizophrenia.
“Our understanding of psychosis is limited, and we've made only incremental progress for the past 50 years,” Corlett said. “The research may be unusual, but big, intractable problems require creative and sometimes unorthodox solutions.”
The Yale Department of Psychiatry and the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation provided primary funding for the research.
WASHINGTON -- Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) said Thursday she will not run for re-election in 2016, after months of speculation over what her plans would be.
Boxer, 74, made the announcement in a video that was sent to supporters Thursday morning. The four-term senator appeared in the video alongside her eldest grandson, Zach. She said that neither her age nor the fighting in the Senate played any role in her decision, and she will continue working on the issues that matter most to her through her political action committee.
"I'm going to continue working on the issues that I love," Boxer said. "I'll have more time to help other people through my PAC For A Change community, I have to make sure the Senate seat stays progressive -- that is so critical -- and I want to help our Democratic candidate for president make history. But you know what? I want to come home."
Boxer was first elected to the Senate in 1992 -- the last time the state had an open Senate seat -- and she served in the House of Representatives for a decade before that.
In the Senate, she rose to chair the powerful Environment and Public Works Committee and was a leading voice on environmental rights. She spearheaded efforts to cap climate-changing emissions and focused her work on pollutants, chemicals and nuclear power.
She was also one of the staunchest advocates of women's reproductive freedom and helped battle back relentless encroachments on Roe v. Wade.
In a conference call with reporters Thursday afternoon, Boxer said her greatest disappointments centered around failing to pass climate change legislation, coming up short on legislation to take military sexual assault cases out of the chain of command and failing to prevent the U.S. from going to war in Iraq. Boxer voted against the war, but said she wished she had done more to stop it.
"It just weighs on me," she said. "I'm so happy I didn't vote for the war, but I just wasn't able to gather enough support in the Senate [against it]. It took us a long time. We finally got there. So that's a regret."
Boxer also said she regretted voting against Ben Bernanke to chair the Federal Reserve.
"I voted 'no' to send a message that the Fed was asleep at the wheel during the Great Recession, but at the end of the day, I personally think ... he really helped save the economy," she said.
In her weekly press conference with reporters Thursday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said that when she received a call from Boxer that morning, she'd assumed it was just about dinner plans. Pelosi praised her longtime colleague, choking up during her remarks.
"She is one of the most unselfish politicians I've ever known of," said Pelosi. "She has always shared her ideas, she has always shared the credit, always tried to help people to succeed with their ideas. Her leaving will be a great loss to the Congress of the United States."
"Senator Barbara Boxer is one of the finest public officials the state of California has seen," added Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) in a statement. "Her efforts to combat climate change and ensure we have clean air and clean water will be remembered long past her retirement."
Boxer said on the conference call that she had spoken with not only Pelosi and Reid Thursday, but also President Barack Obama, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy, California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) and Sens. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), Patty Murray (D-Wash.) and Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.).
Obama and Vice President Joe Biden both offered praise for their former Senate colleague in statements released later Thursday.
"Barbara Boxer is more than a Senator -- she's an institution," Obama said. "Thanks to Barbara, more Americans breathe clean air and drink clean water. More women have access to healthcare. More children have safe places to go after school. More public lands have been protected for future generations. More Americans travel on safe roads and bridges. And more young women have been inspired to achieve their biggest dreams, having Barbara as an incredible role model."
Biden, who served alongside Boxer for 16 years, praised the senator's work on the Violence Against Women Act.
"Barbara Boxer has been my soul mate in the Senate for a long time," Biden said. "You always knew in the Senate if you had Barbara on your side, you didn't need much more."
Possible Democratic candidates to replace Boxer include California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newson, Attorney General Kamala Harris, former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, Assembly Speaker Toni Atkins and billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer. On the Republican side, San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer and former gubernatorial candidate Neel Kashkari have been mentioned as possible candidates.
Boxer told reporters she announced her retirement plans this far in advance in order to give candidates a time to get their campaigns together and look at whether they want to run. She also warned against writing her off during her final two years in office.
"I don't believe in lame duck-ism, and I think that Barack Obama's proven that, and Bill Clinton proved it and I'm going to prove it," she said. "I have very important positions in the Senate that I'm going to continue to have."
Igor Bobic contributed reporting.
This article has been updated to include comments from Obama and Biden.
Want more updates from Amanda? Sign up for her newsletter, Piping Hot Truth.
BeeLine is a handlebar-mounted device that helps you find your way on a bike. It strips back navigation to the bare basics, turning convention completely on its head and resurfacing your natural instinct to find the way.
"BeeLine brings easy GPS navigation to your bike" - Engadget
"Innovative BeeLine GPS navigation system launches on Kickstarter" - Cycling Weekly
"Urban routefinder BeeLine will add navigation to your bike for peanuts" - Bike Radar
"This Compass Is Made for Geographically Challenged Cyclists" - Wired
"BeeLine is a digital compass for your bike" - Trusted Reviews
"BeeLine GPS Device Aims To Make Bicycle Navigation Easier" - Tech Times
"This slick little smart compass tells you which direction to cycle" - Stuff
"BeeLine: Smart, Intentionally "Fuzzy" Navigation for Bikes" - Core77
"Innovative BeeLine GPS navigation system launches on Kickstarter" - NewsLocker
"BeeLine Gadget Lets You Multitask and Enjoy Simple Navigation" - Trendhunter
Cycling has always been a great way to get around the city, but it came with challenges. Getting lost could make you frustrated, late and even unsafe. Finding your way often meant regularly stopping to check maps or following prescribed instructions that don't work so well in a chaotic urban environment. Not to mention they spoiled the fun. Then came BeeLine…
A familiar scene for urban cyclists around the world
At the core of BeeLine is the stripped back concept of fuzzy navigation. In the city, being told which turns to take is a hindrance, not a help, so BeeLine simply points you in the general direction to your destination and tells you the distance to go – no instructions. Imagine a compass that knows where you want to go and points there instead of north.
This makes riding fun again. You become more engaged in your journey and discover all kinds of hidden gems you would never find on the major (and often longer) routes. As you can never take a wrong turn, riding becomes completely stress free.
It's also safer. By being free to take turns that feel safe, when they feel safe and never being pushed into certain junctions or routes that you don't feel comfortable. Checking how you're doing just takes a quick glance leaving you free to focus on the road and your environment, not looking for street names or working out which is the right turn.
For the occasions where you have to go via a specific point, e.g. a bridge over a river, we've built in the option to add intermediate way points to your journey to ensure you never get stuck.
To set BeeLine up, simply snap the device onto your bike, select a destination in the free app and off you go. You can even save frequently used destinations for a one tap service.
BeeLine is as happy off the bike as on it. When not in use, the innovative design protects the screen so it can be thrown in your pocket or bag without worrying about damaging the screen. It also comes with a beautiful aluminium buckle so you you can attach it to your keys when not in use.
BeeLine has been designed in collaboration with Map Project Office, one of London's top industrial design agencies. As well as thinking hard about the electronics and the software, we've spent a huge amount of time on the way BeeLine looks and feels. We hope you love it as much as we do!
To keep things fresh, BeeLine is available in a range of colours. Cool grey or something with a bit more flare? What will you go for?
Bikes come in as many shapes and sizes as their riders. So we've made sure BeeLine fits onto any bike using its flexible strap, and the display can be rotated to work whether attached to the handlebar or stem. With its elegant design, BeeLine is as at home on a battered run-around or a hire bike as it is on a treasured vintage fixie or a lightweight racer.
You and your bike take the rough with the smooth, so BeeLine does too. BeeLine's backlit e-paper screen is visible under any conditions. It's weather proof to take on the elements and shockproof so you can put it through the wringer.
In a time when charging devices every day is the norm, BeeLine breaks the mould. With an ultra low power screen and componentry and software optimized for efficiency, it keeps on going. BeeLine will last for 1-3 months of use between charges! (Based on 20-60 minutes of use every day)
Despite all of the above, BeeLine is incredibly affordable. By harnessing the power of your phone, we've been able to cut down the cost of the device so we can sell it at a price comparable with a bike light or lock, not a GPS navigation system. All without compromising on quality or looks. On top of that we've cut the reward prices to as low as we can possibly afford on Kickstarter. We're not on Kickstarter to make a big margin, we're here to build a huge community of early adopters who will help us decide what BeeLine will do next…
At its core, BeeLine is about finding your way and exploring. However, it's been designed with versatility in mind at every level. This is why BeeLine uses a fully flexible screen that we can adapt to do much more.
When you don't need navigation, BeeLine can show you your speed and distance travelled, or simply act as a clock. But this is just the tip of the iceberg…
Some of the functionality BeeLine will ship with on day 1
That versatile little screen is capable of so much more, and this is where you come in. By backing us you'll become part of our BeeLine owners' community, which we'll turn to to help decide future features. Join us and tell us what you want BeeLine to do next! (We don't really like turn-by-turn navigation, but if the community tells us that's what you want, we'll make it).
The more we raise on Kickstarter the faster and better we can get working on those features. So once you've backed us, please click the links below to share this page and help boost the campaign!
The actual change Obama proposed is, to be sure, modest. Under the Affordable Care Act, states are responsible for creating exchanges (the marketplaces where individuals and small-businesses can buy coverage) as well as implementing other key aspects of reform. That work must be done by 2014. The law allows states to opt out of the scheme, by getting a special waiver from the federal government, as long as they have alternative means for achieving the measure's mandated goals. But states can't do that until 2017.
The opt-out clause was the brainchild of Senator Ron Wyden, a Democrat from Oregon, who hoped it would encourage states to experiment with alternative schemes of universal coverage. Not coincidentally, Wyden is also the architect of a new bill that would let states file their waivers earlier, in time for 2014. Senator Scott Brown, a Republican from Massachusetts, is an original co-sponsor of the measure and, as of Monday, Obama supports it as well.
How significant is the date? Under the Wyden-Brown proposal, instead of building one, temporary health care system and then transforming it into something else, states could focus exclusively on building the permanent one. I'm not sure that's entirely a good thing -- for reasons I'll have to explain another day -- but governors who covet more flexibility should certainly welcome the change.
And yet, as the conservative critics note correctly, the flexibility would have limits. The administration made clear that states could opt out of the health law's requirements only if they could show they would insure at least as many people, providing coverage that was at least as comprehensive and at no greater expenses to the taxpayers. Those aren't easy conditions to satisfy simultaneously. Virtually any workable state system relying primarily on private insurance would end up looking something like the scheme envisioned by the overhaul: Prohibiting insurers from discriminating against the sick, compelling people to obtain insurance and then providing subsidies so that everybody could afford coverage.
But couldn't conservative alternatives achieve the same goals for less money? Not really. Most of the ideas that conservatives like to promote would, at best, expand insurance coverage very modestly -- and, in many cases, only by making coverage less comprehensive. That's the whole point of the "consumer-oriented" plans that Republicans and their allies are constantly talking up: To transfer a significantly larger portion of the cost burden onto individuals. This poses real hardship on both low-income people and people with chronic illness -- hardships the Affordable Care Act will minimize.
I can't tell you how amazing, heartfelt and thoughtful this gift was. I opened the package and was so touched by it's contents. I'm a backpacker/hiker enthusiast and am in love with Washington. Living in Ohio has some decent hikes but I am always planning my next trip to the PNW. What luck?! My Santa is a hiker who used to live in Washington! I received two games that I can bring on those long backpacking trips. My husband and I were just discussing making a Cribbage board when my Santa sent one! Neither one of us know how to play but can't wait to learn! The other game is Bananagram. Don't know how to play this game either but have heard excellent things about it. The best part of my gift was a hiking book of all the trails in Washington. My Santa tabbed the trails they loved the most with little tips and tricks about the hike handwritten in the margins. I'm truly touched by your thoughtfulness. From the bottom of my heart, thank you!
For George Lucas it was like a high school reunion or a thanksgiving dinner at the Star Wars 40th Anniversary Celebration In Orlando. It is like getting together with family for him and the Star Wars actors and characters and he enjoys that the most. He says the main theme of Star Wars is to not be selfish and to be compassionate and a lot more. Listen in to this very interesting interview with the creator of Star Wars and a living legend in the film business.
THERE'S been a disturbance in the force: The upcoming young Han Solo film is suddenly without a director.
The news came in a joint statement by Lucasfilm and directors Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, posted on the official Star Wars website.
“Phil Lord and Christopher Miller are talented filmmakers who have assembled an incredible cast and crew, but it's become clear that we had different creative visions on this film, and we've decided to part ways. A new director will be announced soon,” said Kathleen Kennedy, president of Lucasfilm.
“Unfortunately, our vision and process weren't aligned with our partners on this project. We normally aren't fans of the phrase ‘creative differences' but for once this cliche is true. We are really proud of the amazing and world-class work of our cast and crew,” stated Phil Lord and Christopher Miller.
The creative partners have previously directed films including 21 Jump Street and The Lego Movie together.
The untitled Han Solo origin story is still slated for a May 2018 release, and will star Alden Ehrenreich as the young Han Solo alongside an all-star cast including Woody Harrelson, Thandie Newton and Emilia Clarke. It's reported that filming was already well under way, with just three weeks left of shooting to go when the directors exited the project.
Earlier this month, the hosts of the Weekly Planet podcast cited a source on set who said that producer Kathleen Kennedy had been disappointed with what was being filmed.
“There are a number of reshoots for the film. The scripts are very funny but the action set pieces and acting are thought to be weak by Kathleen Kennedy,” they said.
“I don't know whether this is true or not - it could just be one perspective for her in particular.”
The news is notably similar to media speculation this time last year about trouble during the making of Star Wars spin-off Rogue One: There were numerous reports that a different director had been drafted in to oversee reshoots and supervise script rewrites after the film had been shot.
Despite those concerning reports, Rogue One was a massive success when released in December last year, earning rave reviews and grossing more than a billion dollars worldwide at the box office.
Can Han Solo repeat that success? Fans are certainly concerned at what this late-stage directorial change means for the project:
A source tells me there are three weeks left to go on the untitled Han Solo shoot. Must have been a real war for the directors to leave... https://t.co/nN389x4d9x — Pamela McClintock (@PamelaDayM) June 20, 2017
"Lord and Miller have left the Han Solo movie" pic.twitter.com/h7hYvtcphV — Carly Lane (@carlylane) June 20, 2017
Whoa. Lord & Miller just dropped out as directors of The Untitled Han Solo Movie due to "Creative Differences" Damn. Thats not good. pic.twitter.com/BBgRYGaVZ4 — Andy Signore (@andysignore) June 20, 2017
Unexpected behavior in ferroelectric materials explored by researchers at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory supports a new approach to information storage and processing called “memcomputing,” or memristor-based computing.
Ferroelectric materials are known for their ability to spontaneously switch polarization when an electric field is applied.
So using a scanning probe microscope, the ORNL-led team took advantage of this property to draw areas of switched polarization called domains on the surface of a ferroelectric material.
Unexpected chaotic patterns
To the researchers' surprise, when written in dense arrays, the domains began forming complex and unpredictable patterns on the material's surface.
“When we reduced the distance between domains, we started to see things that should have been completely impossible,” said ORNL's Anton Ievlev, the first author on the paper published in Nature Physics.
“All of a sudden, when we tried to draw a domain, it wouldn't form, or it would form in an alternating pattern like a checkerboard.
At first glance, it didn't make any sense. We thought that when a domain forms, it forms. It shouldn't be dependent on surrounding domains.”
After studying patterns of domain formation under varying conditions, the researchers realized the complex behavior could be explained through chaos theory.
One domain would suppress the creation of a second domain nearby but facilitate the formation of one farther away — a precondition of chaotic behavior, says ORNL's Sergei Kalinin, who led the study.
Brain-like computing
Collaborator Yuriy Pershin of the University of South Carolina explains that the team's system possesses key characteristics needed for memcomputing, an emergent computing paradigm in which information storage and processing occur on the same physical platform.
“Memcomputing is basically how the human brain operates: Neurons and their connections–synapses — can store and process information in the same location,” Pershin said.
“Potentially, the observed domain intermittency in ferroelectric materials could be used to create a novel generation of information processing devices, which store and process information at the same physical location,” Pershin explained to KurzweilAI.
“Specifically, we are thinking about binary logic devices in which two possible directions of ferroelectric domain polarization could be naturally used to encode two logic states: 0 and 1. While the conventional technology requires several transistors to realize a logic gate, ferroelectric materials offer a transistor-less approach to logic, in certain sense similar to information processing and storage in actual brains.
“Additionally, the discovered domain interaction effect offers some interesting opportunities in research. In particular, it can be used as a tool to study intriguing physics of complex dynamical systems showing, for example a controllable transition to chaos. Using our system, one can perform, for instance, bench top emulation of different systems otherwise not available experimentally.
As for realization in commercial products, Pershin said multiple steps are needed. “In particular, in our setup, ferroelectric domains are switched by a moving STM tip. An actual chip, however, should be designed without any moving parts. We do not know exactly how hard-wired electrodes will influence the interaction among ferroelectric domains, for example.”
What makes this research unique
A study in Nature (464, 873-876, 8 April 2010) also demonstrates binary logic operations with memory resistive devices. But in the Oak Ridge Lab work, ferroelectric materials sandwiched between metal electrodes are essentially capacitive structures with potentially smaller energy dissipations compared to resistive devices.
Another related paper is arXiv:1306.6133, introducing a memcapacitive dynamic computing random access memory.
“These previous works demonstrate or suggest logic operations with physically distinct memristive or memcapacitive devices, while our discovery shows that one can use the same physical piece of material to store multiple bits of information and perform logic — an important advance,” said Pershin.
Abstract of Nature Physics paper
Memristive materials and devices, which enable information storage and processing on one and the same physical platform, offer an alternative to conventional von Neumann computation architectures. Their continuous spectra of states with intricate field-history dependence give rise to complex dynamics, the spatial aspect of which has not been studied in detail yet. Here, we demonstrate that ferroelectric domain switching induced by a scanning probe microscopy tip exhibits rich pattern dynamics, including intermittency, quasiperiodicity and chaos. These effects are due to the interplay between tip-induced polarization switching and screening charge dynamics, and can be mapped onto the logistic map. Our findings may have implications for ferroelectric storage, nanostructure fabrication and transistor-less logic.
At the first location, which the police were called to at 11:30 p.m. Saturday, the authorities found three female victims and the police officer, the authorities said. Two male victims were found at a location in Brookhaven, and a man and a woman were found at another location in Brookhaven, they said.
The authorities identified the slain officer as William Durr, 36, of the Lincoln County Sheriff's Department. The Department of Public Safety said the identities of the other victims would not be publicly released until after their families had been notified. It said a full investigation into the killings was continuing.
Officer Durr, who grew up in the Brookhaven area, was well known in the community for presenting a ventriloquism program at schools and churches. Some videos of his performances were available on the Facebook page of the Brookhaven Academy, a Christian-based private school.
The videos showed Officer Durr presenting to children with the help of a toucan, a chimpanzee and a boy in a striped T-shirt. In one video, Officer Durr is telling a room of Brookhaven children that they are fireflies.
“You can light up the world,” he said. “You can make all those people happy.”
Cpl. Eric Malone, of the Brookhaven police, said in an interview on Sunday that Officer Durr “had a heart for law enforcement, but his real heart seemed to be the ministry of children.”
In this article you can learn how to hack wifi passwords in a very simple way using kali linux. Check this awesome article and our rich images so you can try it at home.
WPA2 is the latest security protocol developed by the Wi-Fi Alliance to secure wireless (802.11) networks. Unlike its predecessor WEP, it is considered strong and secure against wifi hacking.
What many people do not realize, is that it is only secure if strong passwords are chosen otherwise hack wifi passwords is still very simple. This article will show you step-by-step how to crack weak WIFI WPA2 passwords.
Disclaimer on how to hack wifi passwords:
We shouldn't have to tell you that hacking a network that you do not own may be illegal. This article is intended to be used for legal purposes only, such as authorized penetration testing or for testing your own wifi network security.
Material needed for the hack:
For this hack we will use Kali Linux, which is an advanced open source pen testing distro with numerous tools.
Kali Linux can be set up in several ways, but for this lab it is set up as a virtual machine using Oracle Virtualbox v4.3.26 or later, on a Windows 7 workstation.
Virtualbox can be downloaded for free from the website virtualbox.org.
After Virtualbox has been installed on the Windows 7 workstation, Kali Linux is installed into Virtualbox with the Kali Linux ISO file (kali-linux-1.1.0a-i386.iso), which can be downloaded for free from kali.org.
For this lab we use an external USB Wi-Fi antenna, specifically the Alfa Model AWUS036H. It can be quite difficult to use built in Wi-Fi antennas with Kali Linux due to driver issues, but this Alfa antenna is commonly used and well supported by Kali.
Here is a screenshot of Virtualbox as it has been configured for this lab:
Configuring the Alfa antenna in Virtualbox can be tricky, so here a couple of screenshots with suggested settings:
Note on the above Network tab: we have chosen the built-in wireless adapter, in bridged mode. Also note we have allowed promiscuous mode.
Note on the above USB tab: we have chosen Realtek, which is our external Alfa USB antenna.
After all configurations done let's start hacking our wifi network
After the above has been installed, we open a terminal window in Kali Linux. First we verify interfaces. Enter “iwconfig” and verify you have wlan0 and mon0 interfaces as in the screenshot:
Enter “airmon-ng” and verify your results are similar to screenshot below:
Now we start the wireless monitoring function with “Airmon-ng start wlan0”:
Note it says monitor mode enabled above, so we know the monitoring interface is ready to go.
Next we use “airodump-ng mon0” to locate the network we want to crack:
Let it run a couple of minutes, then control C to stop. The network we want to crack is above, the SSID is NETGEAR94 (NOT NETGEAR84). We now have the SSID, BSSID and Channel that we need.
Next we use “Airodump-ng –w somefile –c 11 –bssid 80:37:73:A7:AA:08 mon0” to collect data needed for the crack.
“ –w somefile” is the file that the data will be dumped to, you can use any filename you like.
“–c 11” means Channel 11, the channel which the SSID using:
Above it is running, we leave it running a few minutes while as it collects data.
To work properly, Airodump-ng above must capture password data. On a busy Wi-Fi network this is no problem, as password data is sent through the air on a regular basis. If the Wi-Fi network is not busy, we can (optionally) force password data to be sent using a de-auth. This is done in a new terminal window, while Airodump-ng is still running, as in the screenshot below:
Let it run a couple of minutes, then Control C to stop.
Close above Window, then go back to original window. Now stop the Airodump-ng with Control C. Next type “ls”, to verify we have the file we need:
Next we use “Aircrack-ng somefile-01.cap –w usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt”.
Where “somefile-01.cap” is the capture file.
Where “–w usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt” is the path to the dictionary password file rockyou.txt.
rockyou.txt is included with the Kali Linux distro, but it comes zipped so you will need to unzip it, with gunzip. Other dictionary password files are available online, and may be used in place of rockyou.txt. In the screenshot, it is comparing the dump in somefile to the dictionary in rockyou.txt, which can take a while:
After a while, the key is found. We can log into the network using the password mongoose. Success, we have completed the wifi hack!!!:
If you take nothing else away from this article, remember this. Choose a strong password to secure your Wi-Fi network with WPA2, or else you risk the wifi password being hacked. And strong passwords should not contain dictionary words.
Very soon we will provide a youtube video so you can easily follow our steps in the hack wifi password process.
As you know by now, iOS 8 download and iOS 8.1 download links for final version are live for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, 5c, 5, 4S, iPad 2 and over, including the new iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3, iPod touch 5G. iOS 8 brings a ton of new features to supported devices. More information on the features new in iOS 8 can be found here.
The following guide will help you download and install iOS 8 on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch the right way. It is important to note that iOS 8 / 8.1 is compatible with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5, iPhone 4S, iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2, iPad mini 1, iPad 4, iPad 3, iPad 2 and iPod touch 5. iPhone 4 is not supported. More info on whether or not your device is supported by iOS 8 can be found here.
How to download iOS 8 / iOS 8.1 and install it on your device the right way:
Clean Install
The recommended way to install a major new iOS 8 update is to clean install it. Restoring your device to a clean installation of iOS 8 will help you get the best performance out of your device.
Step 1: Download iTunes 12.0.1 for Windows or Mac.
Step 2: Before you begin installing iOS 8, you must make a complete backup of your device either via iTunes or via iCloud.
Step 3: Once you are done with the backup, download iOS 8 links from here. Or, iOS 8.1 download links from here.
Step 4: Start iTunes. On your Mac, hold the Alt key (on Windows PC, this will be the Shift key), and click on the Restore iPhone… button. iTunes will then allow you to select the .IPSW you downloaded in the previous step. Select it.
Step 5: Now sit back and relax as iTunes installs iOS 8 / 8.1 on your device. This should take a few minutes. Once done, you will be all set to go on iOS 8.
OTA Update
iOS 8 / 8.1 update is also available as an OTA download for supported devices running iOS 7.x or 8.0. Again, before proceeding with the OTA update, you must make a complete backup of your device either via iTunes or via iCloud. Also make sure you have at least 6GB or over free space available on your device to update to iOS 8 if you are updating from 7.x. Much lesser space is needed if you are updating to 8.1 from 8.0. If you plan to update using this method, connect your iOS device to a stable Wi-Fi connection and then simply navigate to Settings > General > Software Update and you'll be good to go.
Update: Here are all the direct download links.
iOS 8.0:
iOS 8.1:
Update: Apple has released iOS 8.1.1 now. You can download iOS 8.1.1 from here:
You can follow us on Twitter, add us to your circle on Google+ or like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft, Google, Apple and the web.
Related Stories
The researchers asked people how much they would like to buy objects that had been owned by different celebrities, including popular ones like George Clooney and pariahs like Saddam Hussein. People's affection for the celebrity did not predict how much value they assigned to the memorabilia — apparently they were not buying it primarily for the pleasant associations.
Nor were they chiefly motivated by the prospect of a profit, as the researchers discovered when they tested people's eagerness to acquire a celebrity possession that could not be resold. That restriction made people less interested in items owned by villains, but it did not seriously dampen their enthusiasm for relics from their idols.
The most important factor seemed to be the degree of “celebrity contagion.” The Yale team found that a sweater owned by a popular celebrity became more valuable to people if they learned it had actually been worn by their idol. But if the sweater had subsequently been cleaned and sterilized, it seemed less valuable to the fans, apparently because the celebrity's essence had somehow been removed.
“Our results suggest that physical contact with a celebrity boosts the value of an object, so people will pay extra for a guitar that Eric Clapton played, or even held in his hands,” said Paul Bloom, who did the experiments at Yale along with George E. Newman and Gil Diesendruck. (Dr. Diesendruck is now a professor at Bar-Ilan University in Israel.)
This sort of direct physical contact helps explains why the original Blackie guitar sold for nearly $1 million — Mr. Clapton had played it extensively for more than a decade. But why build an exact replica of the guitar and all its nicks and scratches?
Photo
The replica's appeal is related to another form of thinking called the law of similarity, Dr. Newman said. That is a belief in what is also called imitative magic: things that resemble each other have similar powers.
“Cultural practices such as burning voodoo dolls to harm one's enemies are consistent with a belief in the law of similarity,” Dr. Newman said. “An identical Clapton guitar replica with all of the dents and scratches may serve as such a close proxy to Clapton's original guitar that it is in some way confused for the real thing. Of course, the replica is worth far less than the actual guitar that he played, but it still appears to be getting a significant amount of value for its similarity.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even a mass-produced replica guitar without the nicks and scratches can become magical, according to two other researchers, Karen V. Fernandez of the University of Auckland and John L. Lastovicka of Arizona State University. They interviewed veteran guitar collectors, including one who had spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on replicas of Beatles gear.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
These collectors did not go along with the notion — put forth previously in the academic literature — that a mass-produced object could never acquire the aura of a fetish, the anthropological term for an object believed to have supernatural powers. These guitar collectors insisted that even a factory-made replica of a famous musician's guitar had a certain something that enabled them to play better music.
“Consumers use contagious and imitative magic to imbue replica instruments with power,” Dr. Fernandez and Dr. Lastovicka write in a forthcoming issue of the Journal of Consumer Research. “Semiotically signified magical thinking causes replicas to radiate aura and thus transforms them into fetishes.”
Of course, the collectors still preferred a beat-up guitar used by a star to a brand-new replica of it. One of them told the researchers how he had improved his own guitar-playing by using old guitar strings that had been discarded by Duane Allman. This belief in contagious magic may sound illogical, but it makes a certain evolutionary sense, Dr. Lastovicka said.
“Beliefs about contagion, and especially biological contagion, by our ancestors are one of the reasons why we are here today,” he said. “Those who did not stay away from those who died from the plague in the Dark Ages also died of the plague; those who died of the plague in the Dark Ages likely have few, if any, descendants today. So in our modern and scientific world, these manners of magical thinking still persist.”
The contagious powers of Eric Clapton seem to extend not only to the guitars he played but also to the amplifiers whose knobs he presumably touched. Dozens of them are on sale at the Wednesday auction, which benefits the Crossroads Centre, a treatment center for drug and alcohol addiction founded by Mr. Clapton.
In fact, one of the amps — a 1957 Fender Twin that Mr. Clapton used extensively in the studio and on stage — has been singled out as the “holy grail” of the auction by Guitar Aficionado, a magazine for collectors.
That assessment made perfect sense to Robert Ender, a guitar player from New Jersey who was checking out the wares at the auction house on Monday afternoon. He said he was planning to bid, although he suspected that the 1957 amp, like the replica of Blackie, would be beyond his price range.
“It would be so cool to have any of these amps or guitars,” he said.
Asked to explain the allure, Mr. Ender fell back on another word for magic. “Any connection with Eric,” he said, “adds some kind of musical mojo.”
The ranks of the uninsured plummeted in early 2014, as millions gained health insurance coverage through Obamacare, new government data released Tuesday found.
There were 41 million Americans lacking coverage in early 2014, down from 44.8 million last year, according to the National Health Interview Survey, the first official government look at the uninsured after Obamacare policies kicked in on January 1. The uninsured rate fell to 13.1%, from 14.4%.
The survey, conducted by the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention, interviewed more than 27,600 people from January through March and asked them their coverage status. It also detailed whether they have private policies or participate in government programs.
While the report does not attribute the decline to Obamacare, it does show the health reform is meeting its prime directive -- reducing the number of uninsured. Some 3.7 million respondents, or 1.4%, said they were covered by policies bought on the federal or state-based health insurance exchanges.
Related: Thankful for Obamacare
"This is probably one of the largest decreases we've seen," said Robin Cohen, a statistician at the CDC's National Center for Health Statistics.
The CDC survey eclipsed the release of the Census Bureau's annual health insurance report Tuesday, which showed that the uninsured rate in 2013 fell to 13.4%. The Census report did not capture any Obamacare influence since policies bought on the Obamacare exchanges didn't kick in until the start of this year.
The Census Bureau changed the methodology of its health insurance questionnaire for 2013, making comparisons with previous years impossible.
Even the CDC survey, however, doesn't give a complete picture into Obamacare's effect on the uninsured. Many people signed up for coverage late in the enrollment cycle, so their policies didn't kick in until May. The survey's second-quarter data, which will be released at year's end, will capture those enrollees.
The report found young adults had the largest drop in uninsured levels. The share decreased from to 20.9%, from 26.5%. Many of them gained coverage through public programs, such as Medicaid.
The uninsured rates of those in poverty and near poverty also declined sharply. These folks gained coverage both through private policies and public programs. Under Obamacare, just over half of states and the District of Columbia expanded Medicaid to cover everyone under age 65 up to 138% of the poverty level.
Related: Are you middle class?
The survey found that adults in states that expanded Medicaid were more likely to be insured -- the uninsured rates in these states fell to 15.7%, from 18.4%. There was no significant decrease in states that didn't expand Medicaid.
Latinos and blacks also saw their uninsured rates fall. The Obama administration and community activists pushed particularly hard to sign up Latinos and blacks because they are more likely to lack coverage. However, inroads, particularly into the Latino community, were stymied by language barriers and fears that undocumented family members could be deported. Only 10.7% of those who signed up for Obamacare were Latino and 16.7% were black.
Just how well Obamacare is working remains to be seen. The Obama administration reported in the spring that 8 million people signed up for policies on the health care exchanges. But it's not known how many people completed enrollment by paying their first month's premium, nor how many were previously uninsured.
Open enrollment for 2015 begins Nov. 15.
Video (01:50) : After a man was fatally shot early Wednesday at a home in Prior Lake, three suspects fled from the scene in a car, and one of them was shot and wounded by Eden Prairie officers at an Edina highway exit ramp Wednesday morning.
A man was fatally gunned down early Wednesday in his Prior Lake home, and one of three suspects was injured after a car chase and shootout with Eden Prairie police at an Edina highway exit ramp, authorities said.
The victim was identified by his brother and a Mdewakanton Sioux spokeswoman as 42-year-old James Herron, a member of the tribe and relative of its co-founder and first chairman, the late Norman Crooks.
The other two suspects in the early morning shooting were apprehended before 3 a.m. near the Bren Road-Londonderry Road exit to Hwy. 169, said Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek. He said the wounded man is being treated at a hospital, but declined to say whether he would survive his injuries.
Stanek said a suspect fired at police, drawing return fire from the Eden Prairie officers.
Emergency dispatch audio from the scene in Edina aired with one officer saying, “He did shoot at me. He's not been moving. ... but he had a gun in his right hand. No movement so far for about 2 minutes.”
The driver's side door of the car remained open after daybreak. Just below the driver's side seat on the door jamb sat a pink costume mask, and cash could be seen on the seat.
Map: Man shot Map: Man shot
The suspects' vehicle sped away as police arrived at the home, and officers began their pursuit of the three, described on dispatch audio as two men and one woman.
The vehicle hit police “stop sticks,” bringing it to a halt on the ramp shortly before the suspect was shot, the audio continued.
Eden Prairie Police Chief James DeMann said in a statement that his officers are “doing as well as can be expected.”
“Across this nation, law enforcement officers start their shift not knowing what that shift is going to bring,” he said. “I am extremely proud of these officers. ...They took action to keep themselves and the community safe.”
Stanek said that one of the Eden Prairie officers who shot at the suspect has been with the department for eight years and the other for five years. The BCA is handling the investigation of the Prior Lake killing, while the sheriff's office is heading the inquiry into the Edina shooting.
Victim was targeted
The Prior Lake slaying occurred at a home in the 2100 block of Sioux Trail NW, near Mystic Lake Casino, Police Chief Mark Elliott said. Paramedics from the Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community responded and took the man to nearby St. Francis Hospital, where he died.
Emergency police dispatch audio revealed that Herron was shot in the head and torso, possibly with a .22-caliber handgun.
Chad Holland said his brother was a grandson of Crooks, who was among the founders of the Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community that organized in 1969 and who was its first chairman. While an attorney for Herron also said his client was a grandson to Crooks, a spokeswoman for the tribe said Crooks was Herron's great uncle.
Holland said his brother lived on casino proceeds, which are divided among tribal members.
Although he did not know of a motive in the killing, Holland said his brother has been the victim of extortion in the past.
The American Indian community released a statement that read, “We mourn the loss of one of our members.”
The statement added that “we are assuring our members that this incident was isolated and there is no threat to the safety of others.”
Late Wednesday morning, a Mystic Lake security vehicle was blocking the entrance to the Indian-owned subdivision where Herron was killed.
“This person was targeted,” Elliott said, when asked about a motive and whether the suspects knew the victim, who was shot numerous times.
Herron had been in and out of legal trouble for a number of years, in particular for domestic abuse, said Matthew Mankey, who represented him in a drug possession case from 2012 and other matters.
Gallery: Scene of officer-involved shooting in Edina Gallery: Scene of officer-involved shooting in Edina
“He was really proud of his native heritage,” Mankey said.
“He had some trouble and a few chemical dependency issues. He really adored his children and had a strong sense of family.”
A high school friend of Herron's, Jason Stipp, said he stayed in touch with Herron in Facebook conversations and described him as “a great guy [but] a little rough around the edges. ... I never knew anyone who he didn't make laugh.”
Star Tribune photographer David Joles contributed to this report.
The CIA's deputy director of operations personally oversaw the cover-up of the death of a detainee at a secret agency facility in Afghanistan, a magazine article alleges.
In 2002 Steve Kappes, then the deputy director of operations, “helped tailor the agencyÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s paper trail regarding the death of a detainee at a secret CIA interrogation facility in Afghanistan, known internally as the Salt Pit,” reports Jeff Stein at Washingtonian.com.
The detainee froze to death after being doused with water, stripped naked, and left alone overnight, according to reports in the Washington Post and Los Angeles Times. He was secretly buried and his death kept Ã¢â‚¬Å“off-the-books,Ã¢â‚¬Â the Post said. According to two former officials who read a CIA inspector generalÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s report on the incident, Kappes coached the base chiefÃ¢â‚¬â€whose identity is being withheld at the request of the CIAÃ¢â‚¬â€on how to respond to the agencyÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s investigators. They would report it as an accident.
An Associated Press story last week identified the dead prisoner as Gul Rahman, “a suspected militant.” Rahman's death was “the only one known from a secret prison network that the CIA operated overseas after the Sept. 11 attacks,” AP reported.
The existence of the CIA's “Salt Pit” first came to light in 2005 with a story in the Washington Post that identified an abandoned factory north of Kabul, along with some nearby buildings, as a CIA “black site” involved in the CIA's terrorist suspect interrogation program. The site, which reportedly had been dismantled by the time of the 2005 report, was also used by the CIA to train Afghan counter-terrorism officials.
Kappes is now the CIA deputy director, the number-two official at the agency. According to Stein's article, during the transition to the Obama administration, Kappes was involved in a push to have the CIA “retain the option of reestablishing secret prisons and using aggressive interrogation methods.”
While the CIA's effort to retain those abilities was reported on previously, this appears to be the first time that Kappes' name was linked to the effort.
Writing at Harper's, civil rights lawyer Scott Horton says that Kappes' effort to have the CIA hold on to some of its most controversial capabilities may have had less to do with a desire to torture prisoners than with a desire to protect himself from accountability over the operations he was involved in.
The push to keep the Ã¢â‚¬Å“optionÃ¢â‚¬Â of secret prisons and torture techniques had much to do with a strong desire to keep past use of these practices secret from the public and from prosecutors at the Justice Department. If the programs were fully terminated and blocked, then much of the rationale for continued classification of details of past operations would be removed…. Many of the AgencyÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s the darkest secrets relate to the extraordinary-renditions program. Some of them have already led to the prosecution and conviction of 23 agents in an Italian criminal court. Others are being studied by criminal prosecutors today in Germany, Poland, Spain, Italy, and the United Kingdom. They could be career-stoppers for a number of senior people at the Agency, including Kappes.
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano told Stein that the account of a cover-up over the Salt Pit death is “shot through with errors and falsehoods.” He went on to attack the unnamed sources Stein quoted to link the cover-up to Kappes.
“ItÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s wrongÃ¢â‚¬â€and itÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s pathetic that someone would make such charges without the courage or decency to do so on the record,” Stein quotes him as saying. “The agencyÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s past detention practices have been thoroughly and repeatedly reviewed, inside and outside the CIA. These greasy insinuations of a coverup are not only utterly off the mark; theyÃ¢â‚¬â„¢re totally below the belt.”
In his review of the article, Horton says the Stein article shows Kappes as having “a modicum of competence, a great deal of controversy, a fanatical dedication to covering up past wrongdoing, and a stubborn refusal to learn anything from past mistakes. [He] looks a lot like the modern CIA.”
Making the Pip-Boy 3000 Mark IV
Go back to the main page
To make a pip-boy, you'll first need to decide what version you want, and what size you will need. The version is either phone or accurate. Do you want to have a pip-boy that can hold your smartphone, pick the phone version. Do you want to do something a bit more challenging and make a wrist wearable computer with working buttons, pick the accurate version. With the accurate version you'll probably need to make modifications to the design, but it does offer more accuracy and more possibilities.
The size is either determined by your wrist size or your phone size. The table below shows the sizes in millimeters. A is the rough diameter of the middle of your wrist. If your wrist is smaller than A at the middle, the Pip-Boy should fit. F and G are the height and width of your phone (sideways). If your phone is smaller than these values, your phone will fit. Don't worry too much about thickness, that should not be an issue.
Download files
Phone version
Accurate version (Postponed until further notice)
If you downloaded the files from this site and liked it, please consider going to the Donations page. This will help the development of more free designs and plans.
Community designs:
A better version of the Holotape (108% only) – By Chris Ensell: Download Files
Reel for the back of the Pip-Boy (All sizes) – By Download Files
For the phone version you will need a few items (some of the screws do not have quantities, but there are less than 10 of each):
ABS filament (500g);
clear plastic (PLA) filament (10g);
M3 nut (12x);
M3 screw 6mm (4x);
M3 screw 8mm (5x);
M3 screw 12mm (1x);
M3 screw 16mm (12x);
M3 grub screw 5mm (6x);
M3 grub screw 10mm (2x);
M3 grub screw 16mm (1x);
M4 nut (3x)
M4 screw 12mm (1x)
M4 hexagonal bolt 30mm (1x)
M4 threaded rod (45mm);
1mm steel wire (to make the spring, 10cm)
tiny decorative screws (6x)
4mm black pneumatic hose (10cm);
Rubber band or wire;
Glue;
Sandpaper;
Acetone;
Primer;
Paint (brownish green, black, silver, white, yellow);
Paper;
Orange led (2x);
2025 battery (+ holder);
Wire;
Switch;
Tools:
3D printer;
Sandpaper;
Files;
Paper color printer;
Soldering Iron;
3D printing really depends on the printer being used, but my version was printed on an UP! Plus 1, in ABS, at 0.25mm layer thickness, normal speed and 30% infill . I tried to make the design as easy to print as possible. Parts are optimized for supportless printing and where support is still necessary, the support is at 90 degrees. Usually I do not use ABS to print anything, but the Pip-Boy is an exception. The parts are relatively small, and ABS gives a smoother and easier to work with surface. Minimum printer size required is 140mmx140mmx100mm for the 100% version. Some parts will no longer be printable on an UP! plus if they are scaled up. The 2 small light covers are printed in a clear plastic, in my case clear PLA. The quantity of parts you will need is mentioned in the name of each 3D printable part. The parts that require more than one have a suffix (nx), that tells how often it needs to be printed.
Some of the parts need to be glued together. Be aware that some screws and nuts need to be placed within the glued part. Look at the photos to see where these pieces need to be. To glue the pieces together, you can use a variety of glues, but as long as the glue is capable of gluing plastic, it should be fine.
Painting on raw 3D printed parts will show all flaws in the print. Some people like this, other do not. I generally get rid of about 80% of the lines, because the remaining 20% is incredibly hard to remove. Because I printed this in ABS, I can use Acetone to smooth the parts. First I gave all parts a quick sanding to get the worst lines out, then I used acetone (in a well ventilated room) to get rid of the printing lines and any imperfections.
First a light layer primer was applied to all parts. The base coat for this design is a brownish green. All parts that had at least some of the base color on them were painted with a spray can. The smaller parts are either a dark metallic color or black. These colors were applied with a paintbrush. The tapes are faded yellow and white. Officially I would need to paint them cream and orange, but because I did not have those colors, I went with white and yellow. The tube on the back of the Pip-Boy already had the right color from printing, so no paint was applied to that.
For the decals I wanted to try waterslide decals. I knew they were for light colored surfaces, but I reckoned they could also cover darker colors. I was wrong. The yellow text was completely overshadowed by the dark green. The silver was still sufficiently covered by the waterslide decal, so the latch does have the yellow grid on it. There is for now no text next to some of the buttons. The gauges were simply printed on a piece of paper, cut out and put behind the recesses of the geiger counter gauge and the tune gauge. I had intended to also light these gauges, but I simply could not find the room to fit the lights.
There are no complicated electronics in this design. There are simply 2 orange leds, one under each light cover. A concealed switch was mounted in a small hole I drilled on the left side (the thick part of the tube) this switch is connected to a small CR2025 battery and to the both leds. The LED on the removable side of the Pip-Boy has a connector so it can be disconnected.
I am not going to write an app, but I do still want some of the Pip-Boy's images to show on the screen of the Pip-Boy. For this I used screencaps from the E3 unveiling, modified to be on the left side of a smartphone screen. I even added my internet name in the Status tab (only for me, you all have to be called Howard). The screencaps are added to the phone version of all downloads. They are 1920×1080 and can be shown as photo's on any smartphone.
For assembly, simply follow the pictures. There is not much more to be said.
License
The project described on this page is licensed under the Creative commons - Attribution - ShareAlike license.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland — The International Olympic Committee's executive board voted on Tuesday to recognize cheerleading and the combat sport Muay Thai, meaning that the governing body for each sport will receive at least $25,000 annually from the committee and have the opportunity to apply for additional grants.
The provisional recognition of the two sports, which will last for up to three years, lays the groundwork for each sport to apply for inclusion in the Olympics. At any point during those three years, committee executives can vote to fully recognize the sports, after which each could petition to be included in the Games.
This year, the committee voted to include several new sports — among them skateboarding, surfing and sport climbing — in the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, in the interest of appealing to younger audiences.
Tuesday's vote to approve cheerleading and Muay Thai, a sport similar to kickboxing, signaled further efforts by the Olympic committee to appeal to a new generation as it battles a global doping scandal that is threatening its credibility and relevance.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — Fishery regulators are meeting with commercial and recreational fishermen around New England and New York to talk about upcoming assessments of key fish stocks.
The Northeast Fisheries Science Center has scheduled the "port outreach meetings" to talk about the assessments of 20 groundfish stocks. Groundfish are commercially significant fish species such as cod, haddock and sole that live near the ocean floor.
The science center says it will explain the stock assessment process and ways industry concerns can be addressed. The first of the meetings is on Tuesday at Cape Cod Commercial Fishermen's Alliance in Chatham, Massachusetts.
Meetings will follow on Wednesday in New Bedford, Massachusetts; Thursday in Portland, Maine; Friday in Gloucester, Massachusetts; Aug. 28 in Point Judith, Rhode Island; and Aug. 30 in Montauk, New York.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
I'm one of the first people in the world to listen to Sennheiser's new $55,000 Orpheus headphone system. The new hardware's 20 years in the making. Real, real serious shit. I'm trying hard to concentrate on the music–trying to give this crazy thing the severe attention I think it deserves. But I keep laughing my ass off.
Advertisement
I'm introduced to the new Orpheus by Axel Grell, Sennheiser's top engineer, and the guy who made the new Orpheus happens in the first place. When Grell joined Sennheiser 24 years ago, the company was getting ready to launch the original Orpheus headphones, though he wasn't their designer. Produced for a few years in the early 1990s, the first Orpheus electrostatic headphone system is widely considered the best sounding set ever made.
For those unfamiliar, electrostatic headphones are different from the ordinary dynamic headphones you have sitting on your desk. Dynamic headphones work by transferring audio voltage to a coil that's attached to a magnet, which in turn is attached to a diaphragm. The magnet moves, causing the diaphragm to vibrate, creating the sound you hear.
Advertisement
Electrostatic headphones are much more sophisticated. These create sound via a very thin film that's placed between two big metal plates in the headphones. In the new Orpheus headphones this film is just 2.4 microns thick, and in fact, it's actually lighter than the air around it. When the audio voltage is transferred to the plates, the film vibrates without ever being touched directly. Plus, the film is so light that it has almost no resonance of its own. This results–theoretically, anyway–in tonal clarity you just can't get from a dynamic system. (This explainer is excellent if you want to know more about electrostatic headphones.)
We covered the excruciating details of the Orpheus design when it was announced, but let's recap a bit. Sennheiser's spared no expense on the headphones at all. It's not a headphone, in fact, it's a headphone with a huge integrated amplifier attached to it. The amp uses eight vacuum tubes, chosen for their superior impulse processing compared to a solid-state system. The trouble is that tubes are susceptible to airborne noise that solid state systems aren't, so to compensate, Sennheiser freely suspended the tubes in a block of Carrara marble.
Advertisement
Sennheiser hasn't just thrown loads of money at materials; it's also innovated on some of the finer points of electrostatic design. For example, one of the problems with electrostatic headphones is that they require incredibly high voltages to work. In the case of the original headphones, all of this voltage comes directly from the main power amplifier, and two-thirds of it gets lost on the way to the film. The new Orpheus headphones solve this by introducing an amplifier stage directly in the headphones themselves.
Advertisement
Grell tells me that he first started thinking about maybe rebooting the classic Orpheus headphones about 10 years ago. He wondered what could actually be done to make the original better. In 2009 he demonstrated what he calls a proof of concept to the Sennheiser family (Yes, the company is still family-owned and operated.) From there, it took another six years to actually bring the product to market. I'm using the term market loosely of course: each Orpheus set takes something like 400 hours to make. The company plans to produce about 250 a year, and at $55,000 they'll cost as much as a really fast, really fancy car. So you're not going to see these at BestBuy or even at specially retailers.
From the very start, using the Orpheus headphones is a luxury experience. Push the power button, and the whole thing comes to life like some kind of portable nuclear reactor. The buttons pop out:
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
So do the tubes...
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
According to Grell, the tubes are ready to to go after about 20 seconds, but they'll be operating at optimal performance after about 30 minutes.
Advertisement
The attached box's lid opens, revealing your cans.
The integrated design of the whole thing is an interesting decision, although, I suppose if you are going to have fancy headphones that need a dustproof box and a special amplification system, the whole thing might as well be integrated.
Advertisement
Sitting down in front of headphones like these, you can't help but feel the force of history, and the intensity of the design. This is a fucking thing. I put on the headphones.
Which brings me to why I'm laughing. It's not because these headphones are preposterous and absurd, it's because they sound that damn good.
For years I've heard product designers and audiophiles describe being so overcome with emotion at the beauty of sound that they cry. I've always thought it was bullshit. When I hear music that moves me, I don't want to cry, I want to laugh. It's fucking funny, man! Music!
Advertisement
To be a little more specific, the headphones are startlingly clear in their reproduction. Sennheiser asked me in advance to name a few tracks I like so reps could pull a good file. I gave them Bowie's “Space Oddity” and New Order's “Age of Consent.” I know these songs well enough, and I've listened to them with so many different headphones that I'm past the point where I'm going to hear something new in them.
“Space Oddity” is very well known for it's binaural recording. Bowie's main melody and harmony are panned left and right, and the various parts are recorded such that a good reproduction will create a very realistic spatial image. The Orpheus reproduced perhaps the most striking image I've ever heard on this song. Every piece of the band is in its own place, and in particular, hearing the rubbery plunk of the beautiful bassline all on its own is sigh-inducing.
Advertisement
“Age of Consent” isn't nearly as meticulous a recording, but it's probably my favorite song of all time. The thing to listen to here are drummer Stephen Morris' super fast hi-hat shimmies. On an inferior reproduction they'll start to blend together into a wall of shinning cymbal. On the Orpheus, you can hear each hit distinctly, with its unique ring.
Advertisement
It was in listening to these hi-hit hits on “Age of Consent” that I realized I was staring out into space not blinking and barely breathing. I was subconsciously trying not to move thinking that I might disturb the perfection of the sound. In a little over five minutes I'd been so taken by the sonics that basically everything else had stopped existing. And so yeah I laughed. Because come on, $55,000 sound, man–this is ridiculous.
Photos by Michael Hession
With the Apple TV 4K hitting store shelves, we're rounding up a list of the best TVs on the market that offer ultra HD resolution and support HDR technology to fully utilize the Apple TV 4K's ability.
LG 65" OLED65C7P UHD Smart OLED TV
Samsung 65" UN65MU8000 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV
TCL 49" 49S405 4K Ultra HD Roku Smart LED TV
Sony 75" XBR75X940E 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV
Samsung 55" QN55Q7C Curved 4K Ultra HD Smart QLED TV
From gorgeous OLED screens to budget-friendly panels under $360, we've compiled a list of the best 4K HDR TVs to pair with your new Apple TV 4K for the ultimate home theater experience.Those looking for the best picture quality should consider an Organic Light Emitting Diodes (OLED) panel. Thanks to a better contrast ratio over LCD displays and no backlight for zero light bleed, OLED TVs offer true blacks and vivid colors. Since only the lit pixels draw power, OLED displays are efficient as well. After using an LG OLED TV with the Apple TV 4K since launch, I can say movies and sports are a pleasure to watch for a fully immersive experience.For a future proof option, LG's 2017 65-inch OLED65C7P 4K offers users a variety of ports, including 4 high-speed HDMI inputs and 3 USB inputs. To complement the new features found in the Apple TV 4K, the LG OLED65C7P also supports high dynamic range (HDR) technology for realistic images.B&H Photo has the LG OLED65C7P for $2,996.99 with free shipping and no sales tax on orders shipped outside NY and NJ. Amazon also carries the LG OLED65C7P for the same price, but with no interest if paid in full within 24 months using the Amazon.com Store Card. Amazon does collect sales tax in all applicable states, though.Ringing in at half the cost of the LG OLED model above, the Samsung UN65MU8000 offers users 4K Color Drive Extreme with a billion more shades than regular 4K UHD. For those looking for a minimal design, the 65-inch Smart TV also lets you route cords through the base of the TV stand for reduced clutter. Support for HDR, as well as a 240Hz refresh rate and four HDMI ports, make it a great option to pair with the Apple TV 4K. B&H and Amazon currently have the Samsung UN65MU8000 for $1,497.77 with free shipping. B&H will not collect sales tax on orders shipped outside NY and NJ, while Amazon is offering cardholders no interest if paid in full within 24 months using the Amazon.com Store Card.On the more affordable spectrum, the TCL 49-inch 49S405 offers an abundance of features for under $360. The 2017 model utilizes HDR10 technology for enhanced detail with a 120Hz refresh rate and 4K ultra high definition resolution. Although the 49S405 has a built-in Roku Smart TV system, you can hook up an Apple TV 4K to the unit via one of the set's three HDMI 2.0 ports.The TCL 49S405 is currently priced at $359.99 at Amazon.com with no interest if paid in full within 6 months using the Amazon.com Store Card.If you have a big room to fill and are looking for a premium television, the Sony XBR75X940E packs a list of features that's almost as large as its 75-inch screen. While the picture quality of an OLED screen is at the top of the list overall, this LED TV is no slouch. Featuring object-based HDR Remaster technology, the Sony XBR75X940E offers rich and vivid colors with more shades of red, green and blue thanks to Triluminos technology. Sony's Motionflow XR 960 refresh rate technology also reduces motion blur, which comes in handy when watching sports and action sequences on this big screen TV.Sony's 75-inch XBR75X940E 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV is available for $4,298.00 at B&H Photo with no tax on orders shipped outside NY and NJ. Amazon.com also has the XBR75X940E for the same price, but with free wall mounting and no interest if paid in full within 24 months using the Amazon.com Store Card. Amazon does sales tax in all applicable states, however.Prefer the curved aesthetic? Like the LG C7 OLED panel in this list, Samsung's Curved Quantum Dot LED (QLED) TV also offers rich blacks with over a billion unique colors that make watching 4K movies a pleasure. The bezel-free screen looks great mounted to the wall or on a stand, and the 55-inch QN55Q7C can be found for under $2,000 at B&H Photo and Video with no sales tax on orders shipped outside NY and NJ. Amazon is also matching B&H's price with no interest if paid in full within 24 months using the Amazon.com Store Card. However, Amazon collects sales tax in all applicable states.
Test fit of the 7.50-inch diameter pistons
The Goodwood Festival of Speed is being held next week in the UK on June 26-29, and Duncan Pittaway and his helpers Bruce and Tucker are working very hard to get the S.76 Fiat ready and there on time. Stefan Marjoram was at Duncan's shop on the weekend of June 8-9th and took this set of photos showing the installation of the intake valves, connecting rods, pistons, the block and the s.o.h.c. assembly.
The huge four-cylinder engines has a 7.5-inch bore x 9.843-inch stroke with a 1729 c.i.d. (28 liters) and it produces 300-h.p; each cylinder displaces 432 c.i. Many thanks to Duncan and Stefan for sharing the rare sight of the engine internals with us.
The Old Motor has been following this project for the last three-plus years and you can take a look back here at eight posts on the S.76 Fiat; there you can see many more of Stefan's images and art, period photographs and as much information about the cars as can be found.
As of yesterday they were still on target, but have lots of plumbing and last minute details to attend to. Take a moment to visit with Stefan Marjoram and also learn all about The Festival of Speed. Stay tuned for a follow up.
The crankcase, crankshaft, flywheel and connecting rods
Installing the caged single intake valves, test fit of the block and pistons
Installing the three camshaft bearing towers
Installing the s.o.h.c and the shaft and gear assembly
The oil pump – transmission-differential – cam bearing towers
For a different perspective on Canada, Maclean's went to the maps. Drawing on a variety of sources, from government statistics to various online databases to tweets, here are some maps to illustrate Canada as you've never seen it before.
It's been said many times that hockey is Canada's religion. Inspired by this, we asked FullDuplex.ca to do some data-crunching. Drawing on a year of tweets geotagged to specific cities, they tracked the number of references to “church” and “hockey,” and we compared them to see where people tweeted the most about one over the other. (Cities where there was a balance between the two topics aren't shown.) It's by no means scientific, but the results make sense. A core of hockey tweeters exists in Vancouver surrounded by B.C.'s Bible belt and, after the Canadiens' Stanley Cup run, Montreal had one thing on its mind. As for church-tweeting Leafs fans, well, they have endured a championship drought of Biblical proportions.
For the next map, to find out where Canadians cursed the most, we also asked Full Duplex for assistance. The company analyzed a year of tweets to find in which cities the F-word appeared most frequently. Given its massive population, Toronto, of course, came out on top. But even after factoring in different population sizes, T.O. Twitter users still swore the most. Using Toronto as the base, here's how the frequency of F-words breaks down across some of Canada's biggest cities.
It's always a surprise when people first learn that the very tip of southwestern Ontario is at a lower latitude than parts of California—which got us wondering: How do other parts of the country line up with the rest of the world? Here are the results, using Earthtools.org. Most of the cities on this map, and their global counterparts, lie within less than 50 km of each other, latitudinally speaking, of course. Only Quebec-Ulan Bator and Fort McMurray-Moscow are a full degree apart.
What to say? Canada is a land of contrasts. It also offers up a bounty of clichés.
Click or tap image to enlarge.
According to a report last year commissioned by Motion Picture Association-Canada, in 2011, the film industry generated $20.4 billion in GDP for the Canadian economy and employed 263,000 people. So yeah, it's big. Drawing on a list of movies filmed in Canada, and inspired by this, we pulled together a breakdown of genres filmed in Canada's movie hubs.
Ok, let's be serious for a second. The recovery since the Great Recession of 2008 has not been even, as shown by this map, which captures the last five years of employment growth. There's still a lot of red in Ontario, representing cities where there are fewer jobs now than there were in 2009.
When Canadians aren't talking about hockey (or church), they have weather on their minds. These are the reigning best and worst record titles for each province.
As John Maynard Keynes wrote, “In the long run, we are all dead.” And the No. 1 cause of death in Canada is cancer. Number 2 is heart disease. But after those two causes, each province and territory is slightly different, when it comes to ranking their remaining leading causes of death. We've highlighted the one that most disproportionately affects each province, compared to Canada as a whole.
Clearly, baby-name maps have become something of a thing. Here's ours.
Back to hockey. QuantHockey.com boasts a thorough database of NHL players, where they're born and their performance. We sifted through the numbers to show which provinces generated the most players last season, and took it a step further to show the average points of players in each province.
Delving into the detailed crime statistics for each of the provinces reveals some odd disparities. Below, we picked one type of crime for each province that was at least double the national average. As always, there are caveats: Some high numbers could be an anomaly for 2012, the most recent year for which comparable data is available, perhaps because of a police crackdown; other categories are small, so a coincidental event—or two or three—can skew the numbers. Regardless, they offer a peek at how certain crimes are disproportionately worse, depending on the province.
Canadians are fast catching up to our American neighbours, when it comes to our ever-expanding waistlines, but some areas are bulging faster than others.
Here's a different way to look at Canada's population. The circles represent the relative population density of each province. And yes, we know people do live in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut, but there are so few of them, and their geographies so vast, that you'd have to go a couple of decimal places before they'd register.
There's a lot of focus at the moment on incomes and inequality. We wanted to see where Canada's wealthiest households live, so we asked Environics Analytics to draw on its CensusPlus database for the answer. This map shows those census regions where at least 30 per cent of households took home $150,000 in 2011.
The flip-side of the wealthiest households map, of course, are those on the other end of the spectrum. This map shows those places where at least half of all households earned less than $40,000 in 2011. You'll notice there's considerably more coloured areas on this map than the one above.
Ever felt like there are more women than men where you live, or vice versa? You may be right. Canada's distribution of males to females is anything but even.
In 2011 there were close to 6,000 centenarians living in Canada. Here they all are.
While we're on the topic of age, here are those parts of the country that skew oldest (red) and youngest (green.) Another name for this map could have been Canada's young north.
#cdnpoli is a hub for political chatter on Twitter for elected officials and enthusiasts alike. But which Canadian cities are the most vocal when it comes to poli-tweeting?
Which Canadian political leader boasts the highest number of Twitter followers, by province? With the help of FullDuplex.ca, we crunch the numbers.
What kind of footprint would Canada's cities occupy if the entire country moved in? Factoring in the current density of Canada's major cities, we consider how large they'd be if our entire population relocated there.
Related:
Stunning aerial images of Canada
P.K. Subban on what it means to live the Canadian dream
18 reasons why it's great to be Canadian
The Canada Day Quiz, Pt. 1: You vs Canada's Smartest Person!
Mapping Canada: View our full map series
DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The "Global Online Gambling Market - By Type, Device, Region - Market Size, Demand Forecasts, Industry Trends and Updates (2016-2022)" report has been added to Research and Markets' offering.
The market was USD 44.16 billion in 2016 and is estimated to reach USD 81.71 billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 10.8%
The use of mobile devices for online gambling purposes is increasing. The market growth for this industry is very geography specific.
More than 80 nations have legalized online gambling and Europe has the largest online gambling market in the world, and this is just going to increase as the Netherlands adopts new online gambling regulations. In Asia Pacific region, the online gambling sector has not grown much, as there has been no scope. In countries like Singapore, the government has made all sorts of gambling illegal and thus no market as such.
In China and South Korea also gambling sites working illegally were arrested. While in the USA, three states already allow online gambling, and it is expected that more states are going to adopt similar regulations, allowing this market to grow in these regions, as the government want to benefit from the tax revenues. In Africa also similar to Asia there has been no plans for legalizing online gambling anytime soon.
Though there is a growth in the online gambling industry, land-based gambling still dwarfs the Internet activity, which can be a constraint for this industry in the long run. In specific regions there has been minimal growth of this industry due to the strict government regulations, which become a huge constraint for players to work in the market, while on the other hand, a major driver for this industry is the opening up of new markets in countries like the USA and Europe where certain states are allowing legal online gambling. There is even a huge risk in entering into these industries especially in countries where it is illegal, and these risks restricts the entry of new players and the expansion of existing players in different geographies.
Key Topics Covered:
1. Research Methodology
2. Executive Summary
3. Market Overview
4. Market Dynamics
5. Global Online Gambling Market Segmentation, Forecasts And Trends - By Revenue
6. By Type
7. By Device
8. By Region
9. Vendor Market Share Analysis
10. Company Profiles
11. Industry Structure
Companies Mentioned
888 Holdings
Bet-at-home.com
Bwin.Party
Ladbrokes
BetAmerica
TVG
Camelot
Pala Casino
Paddy Power
Twinspires
Watch and Wager
Sportech
For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/p2knvb/global_online
IBTimes first reported on a LinkedIn post of a top Department of Justice official who outlined his reasoning for resigning. The official was Hui Chen, a former Microsoft and Pfizer corporate lawyer who served as the Department of Justice's compliance counsel since 2015. Chen wrote in the post, “Trying to hold companies to standards that our current administration is not living up to was creating a cognitive dissonance that I could not overcome.” In the wake of her condemnation of the Trump administration, Chen is being hailed as the latest hero of the Trump Resistance, joining other Obama administration attorneys who were fired or resigned under Trump. However, the narratives of their heroism fails to acknowledge that they avoided holding political and corporate officials accountable during the Obama administration. The age of impunity brought in by their complacence and inaction enabled the Trump administration to operate in the manner it does.
“When DOJ officials in charge of helping companies commit fraud during the Obama era get self-righteous now it's PR,” tweeted Matthew Stoller, fellow at the Open Markets Program at New America, on July 3. “Wells Fargo was openly caught for fraud in Sept. 2016. DOJ fraud division… crickets. Today, Sally Yates is a hero.” He added the heroic image of these officials is “nauseating” and stated that “Jim Comey, Preet Bhahara, Mary Jo White, Sally Yates, Eric Holder, Loretta Lynch, Robert Mueller—they brought forth the real catastrophe.” These figures are lauded solely on the basis of their opposition to Trump, but their actions in office receive little scrutiny. Stoller notes that Trump took advantage of a system created and implemented by these figures. A new book out on July 11 by ProPublica's Jesse Eisinger, The Chickenshit Club: Why the Justice Department Fails to Prosecute Executives, explains how the Department of Justice ushered in the age of impunity for the wealthy and political elites. Eisinger added to Stoller's Twitter thread, “Obama DOJ's creation of this position worried me. It gives corporations another choke point/layer of bureaucracy to lobby.” The Financial Times' review of the book says it outlines, “An unmistakable decline in the justice department's willingness and ability to prosecute corporate crime. For the four years 2012-2015, white-collar cases made up just 10 percent of the DOJ's caseload—roughly one-half the share two decades earlier. ‘The justice system is broken,' Eisinger concludes, adding that the DoJ in recent years ‘became fearful of losing and lost sight of its fundamental mission to make this country a just place.' ” Eisinger argues the decline in holding the elite accountable contributed to the political climate that enabled the rise of Donald Trump and impunity for the top 1 percent continues to foster an anti-political environment that increasingly disenfranchises voters.
Obama's Department of Justice gave elites and corporate criminals a free pass in the wake of one of the biggest financial scandals in American history. Former attorney general Eric Holder failed to prosecute any big bankers in the wake of the 2008 economic recession, while the federal government bailed out the big banks. Bankers treated themselves to bonuses while working, middle class and low income Americans suffered. When Holder left the Department of Justice, he returned to work for a corporate law firm, now representing the clients he refused to prosecute at the DOJ.
Loretta Lynch has recently been under fire for revelations from former FBI Director James Comey that she interfered in the criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server. Comey noted that Lynch told him to refer to the investigation as a “matter.” On June 22, Sen. Diane Feinstein, Sen. Chuck Grassley and the rest of the Senate Judiciary Committee sent a letter to Loretta Lynch inquiring into any emails or communication she had with former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz or Clinton staffer Amanda Renteria about the email investigation. The committee also asked Renteria, Leonard Benardo and Gail Scovell of the Open Society Foundations to disclose any conversations they had about the investigation with Loretta Lynch or the FBI. The inquiry stems from what is believed to be a faulty document the Washington Post reported on in May 2017. In the hacked emails released by Wikileaks from Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik tipped off Podesta and the Clinton campaign about the Department of Justice's investigation. “There is a HJC oversight hearing today where the head of our Civil Division will testify. Likely to get questions on State Department emails. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails,” Kadzik wrote to Podesta in May 2015. Podesta forwarded the email to several Clinton staffers. Kadzik's tip to Podesta was unethical. In this case, the DOJ was more concerned with protecting her than holding her accountable.
Former New York Federal Prosecutor Preet Bharara was praised as a Trump Resistance hero after the Trump Administration fired him, but he refused to prosecute Wall Street bankers during his tenure even though he had the authority and evidence to do so. Former Prosecutor Bill Black, who successfully put big bankers in jail in the 1980s Savings & Loan Scandal wrote in a March 2017 op-ed, “Wall Street CEOs created, and infest, the swampiest of regions over which Bharara had jurisdiction. They led the epidemics of ‘control fraud' that hyper-inflated the housing bubble, drove the financial crisis and caused the Great Recession.” He added, “Bharara did not prosecute any of them even when whistleblowers brought him the cases on platinum platters. Indeed, Bharara did not prosecute even low-level bank officers who were minor leaders in implementing those fraud epidemics.”
This type of opposition to Trump and the Republican Party provides little hope that the Democratic Party will be able to protect the American people from their policies. As Preet Bharara said, “Much of the issue with Trump is not about party, policy or ideology, but lack of decency, honesty, character, temperament, adulthood, and shame.” The Democratic Party's strategy fails to tactfully oppose Trump's policies. If the Democratic Party fails to come up with policies to counter Trump's, Republicans will remain in power indefinitely.
In a November 2016 op-ed in The New York Times, Luigi Zingales compares Trump to former Italian prime minister and billionaire Silvio Berlusconi who remained in power for nine years because his opposition fumbled every opportunity to gain leverage over him. “Mr. Berlusconi was able to govern Italy for as long as he did mostly thank to the incompetence of his opposition. It was so rabidly obsessed with his personality that any substantive political debate disappeared; it focused only on personal attacks, the effect of which was to increase Mr. Berlusconi's popularity. His secret was an ability to set off a Pavlovian reaction among his leftist opponents, which engendered instantaneous sympathy in most moderate voters. Mr. Trump is no different.” Indeed, rather than embrace their popularity, the Democratic establishment continues shaming and scolding pro-Bernie Sanders progressives to maintain power. Democrats have provided voters with nothing but disappointment since Trump took office and no changes are on the horizon.
Chinese police have rescued 382 babies in a sting operation on a baby-trafficking ring that has led to the arrest of more than 1,000 individuals. STR/AFP/Getty Images
A Chinese child-trafficking bust has led to the arrest of 1,094 people suspected of buying and selling babies.
Authorities announced Friday that 382 babies were rescued from four children trafficking rings, spanning over 27 provinces across China, CNN reported.
The babies will be placed in orphanages a media release said, according to a New York Times blog. However, it is unclear what steps authorities are taking to reunite the babies with their families.
The Chinese Public Security Ministry said police began the sting operation last year after they discovered four websites selling babies under the front of adoption, according to the Associated Press. Online forums and online messaging platforms were also other means used to contact potential buyers.
"Child traffickers have now taken the fight online, using 'unofficial adoption' as a front," said an unidentified police official, according to China's state news agency Xinhua. "They are well-hidden and very deceptive."
"China's Orphan Network" and "Dream Adoption Home" are just two of the websites traffickers used to sell the babies.
One of the main reasons traffickers have begun using websites and online methods is because the Internet makes it more difficult for authorities to track them down, Reuters indicated.
“Children are not commodities,” Chen Shiqu, director of China's human trafficking task force told China National radio. “Selling babies online is in reality kidnapping for money. Just that by going online it was more concealed.”
Child trafficking has become a major issue in China, where families are generally limited to one child. This population control continues to foster a bias for sons, who ultimately carry on the family name and are responsible for taking care of parents as they age, leading to abortions and infanticides of baby girls, Reuters reported. The imbalance created by this cultural preference has lead to a high demand of baby boys and sometimes baby girls, who might provide families with wealthy dowries.
China is working to combat the problem by relaxing its one-child restriction and implementing tougher punishments for traffickers and parents who sell their children, AP reports.
Expanding on its product line which makes it easy for someone to find your emergency contacts if you're injured, ICEdot (In Case of Emergency) is taking the idea one step further. Working with a company called SenseTech LLC, it's developing a tiny helmet sensor that knows when you've been in an accident, how severe it was, and automatically triggers your phone to call for help.
When it's available sometime next year with an estimated price tag of around $200, the advanced ICEdot monitor will attach to any bike helmet and use motion and impact sensors to intelligently determine if the wearer has been involved in an accident. Using the new Bluetooth low-energy profile it maintains a constant connection to a smartphone app so that when an accident occurs, it can automatically alert the rider's emergency contacts with the time and GPS coordinates of the incident.
Advertisement
And to avoid false positives, since there's always the chance a dropped helmet could be misconstrued as a nasty tumble, the app initiates an emergency countdown which can be manually aborted in the event nothing actually happened. If you ride in a big city where the 'mind your own business' mentality prevails, this could be the perfect accessory if no one comes to your rescue after a crash. [ICEdot via GearJunkie]
The launch of EA Maxis' The Sims 4 in early September may have been met with disappointment by many long-time fans of the popular video game for its lack of basic features (no pools or toddlers) and restrictive movement (loading screens just to take a walk), but that hasn't stopped players from creating and uploading over 2.5 million pieces of customized content to date.
Some of this downloadable content is Seattle-area themed — enough of it, in fact, that you can turn the lush Sim town of Willow Creek into your own version of the Pacific Northwest. Or at least, the beginnings of it.
First, add some star power to your city with the Sim versions of Jimi Hendrix (created by dorkydora), Bruce Lee (DazBones), and Kurt Cobain (orangestripedcat), all famous former residents of the Seattle area.
The martial arts equipment from Sims 3 hasn't made into Sims 4 yet, but Bruce can perfect his sidekick on the punching bag. Or one of the Twilight characters.
These West Seattle residents (forestsentiani) add some quirky realism, and someone to fawn over the celebrities.
Lastly, you can round out the town's population with characters from some famous TV shows and movies set in the Pacific Northwest, such as the Botwins from Weeds (simmering123), Dr. Frasier Crane and friends (Pugbecki), the Seattle Grace doctors from Grey's Anatomy (Spa194), and, of course, everyone from Twilight (vsebesit).
A town full of drug dealers, doctors and vampires — what could go wrong?
Speaking of Twilight, there's more than one version of the movie's well-known Forks, WA home available, including this Cullen House (KGTkaT).
Plenty of other Twilight content is available to download, as well (demon baby and thinly-veiled abstinence metaphors not included).
There are also a few less-famous Seattle-themed homes, like this bungalow (MissyDammit) and mansion (CW-Piccolo).
Neither will be showcased on Curbed Seattle anytime soon, but they'll tide you over while you create your own waterfront mansion or cabin in the woods.
No Pacific Northwest re-creation would be complete without a 12th Man House (PinkPanties1), billed as a "Massive bachelor pad themed for the ultimate Seattle Seahawks fan!" (With the way this season's going, the Seahawks can use all the fan support they can get.)
Of course you'll want to place a Starbucks (crazy4thesims) somewhere, for authenticity.
Finally, build a few sprawling generic corporate buildings and call them Microsoft or Amazon, and you're in busines! Just watch out for drones and striking workers.
Happy(ish) Seattle simming!
The plot behind the plot of Zero Dark Thirty just gets better and better.
From the moment it premiered in 2012, the film by Kathryn Bigelow and Mark Boal about the hunt for Osama bin Laden has been criticized as pro-torture propaganda. According to its many detractors, the film embraced the discredited notion that torture by CIA interrogators made Al Qaeda members talk about the whereabouts of their leader. It subsequently was revealed that Bigelow and Boal had received an unusual amount of access to CIA officials who had a keen interest in peddling the virtues of waterboarding, and this spawned a cottage industry of investigations and articles.
Vice News has added to the spicy pile with a 5,000-word article by Jason Leopold and Ky Henderson that draws on more than 100 pages of internal CIA documents released through the Freedom of Information Act. According to the documents, at least 10 CIA officers met Bigelow and Boal at the agency's headquarters in Langley, Virginia, as well as at hotels and restaurants in Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. In addition, the CIA director at the time, Leon Panetta, met Bigelow at a dinner in Washington and, soon after that, shared a table with her and Boal at the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner. It also turns out that Boal read his script over the phone to CIA public affairs officials on four separate days in the fall of 2011.
But the biggest takeaway from these documents is that even as the CIA turned Bigelow and Boal into its willing propagandists, the filmmakers were turning the CIA into star-gazing dupes; the seduction went both ways. Bigelow and Boal emerge in these documents as excellent co-opters of the nation's toughest spies — and it didn't take much for them to do that.
Bigelow and Boal visited CIA headquarters (an officer recalled having to cover up classified material on one occasion), but the meetings soon moved off campus to “avoid jealousy” about who was getting “face time” with the famous duo, according to the CIA documents obtained by Vice. For instance, one CIA officer met Boal at his suite in the luxury Jefferson Hotel in Washington D.C. and dined with him at the hotel as well as at a nearby restaurant, Citronelle, where a slab of ribeye cost $39. Not long afterwards, Bigelow met that same officer in her accommodations at the Ritz-Carlton in Georgetown.
The seduction was bi-coastal. A CIA officer met Boal in Hollywood for a meal and then drove to a beach house in Malibu to talk with Bigelow. Boal gave the officer a bottle of Tequila and boasted it was worth “several hundred dollars” (although when someone at the CIA checked, the highest listed price was $169.99). The officer who had met Boal at the Jefferson Hotel also had dinner with him and Bigelow at the members-only Soho House in L.A. and later told investigators she had “developed a friendship” with the filmmakers. It had not been terribly expensive for Bigelow and Boal to develop these friendships, however — Bigelow had given the officer a set of what the director described as “black Tahitian pearl earrings” that, it turned out, were painted black and were so cheap they weren't worth the cost of an appraisal.
The documents show that auditors at the CIA referred the matter to the Department of Justice for possible criminal action against Boal and Bigelow for bribing public officials. Prosecutors took no action. To date, Zero Dark Thirty has earned more than $130 million in worldwide ticket sales.
Read also:
The CIA and the Myths of the Bin Laden Raid
Don't Trust Zero Dark Thirty
Zero Dark Thirty and Why It's So Important to Rebut Claims That Torture Works
Zero Dark Thirty: CIA hagiography, pernicious propaganda
Photo caption: Kathryn Bigelow and Mark Boal, by Rajnish Katyal/Hindustan Times via Getty Images.
Some in the sector fear the government is trying to defund the Clean Energy Finance Corporation by stealth. The truth may be a little more mundane
How the Coalition is using clean energy financing as an election slush fund
After trying in vain to dismantle the Clean Energy Finance Corporation, the Coalition is now using Labor's $10bn financing scheme as an election slush fund, throwing its money at the Great Barrier Reef, at “smart cities” and even at the steel industry in South Australia.
These announcements left some clean energy sector experts crying foul, saying the government was trying to squeeze the CEFC for every last drop, and defund it by stealth.
That might be the case but the truth could be more mundane. The announcements probably amount to little, leaving the spending pledges bereft of substance – but equally doing little to harm the CEFC.
Boost renewable energy target to 50% and get 28,000 extra jobs, says report Read more
By anyone's reckoning, the CEFC has been a success. According to its 2015 annual report, it invested $1.4bn, financing projects worth a total of $3.5bn, which would reduce 4.2m tonnes of CO2-equivalent emissions annually. And it did all that while making a profit.
But under the Tony Abbott, who called the CEFC “Bob Brown's bank”, the Coalition tried unsuccessfully to abolish it, tried unlawfully to stop it operating, and tried – also possibly unlawfully – to stop it investing in windfarms and small-scale solar.
When Turnbull became prime minister he conceded the government had failed to abolish the CEFC but stopped short of giving it his backing.
“We do not support government banks performing roles that can be performed by the private sector … yes it has done some good work, the question is whether it is an appropriate use of government money,” he said in question time in October, refusing to concede it played a “crucial” part in Australia's emissions reduction.
But now it is certainly playing a crucial role in Turnbull's re-election campaign.
So far, more than $2bn of the CEFC's money has been leveraged as election commitments. First Turnbull suggested up to $100m from the CEFC and EFIC (a similar organisation that finances export ventures) could be used to provide a loan for South Australia's steel industry. Then last week $1bn was carved off for a so-called “reef fund”. And on Monday another $1bn of the CEFC's money was used to fund Turnbull's “smart cities” policy.
Together with Turnbull's earlier move to defund the Australian Renewable Energy Agency and take $1bn from the CEFC to make a new Clean Energy Innovation Fund in its place, John Grimes from the Solar Council – Australia's peak solar industry body – is convinced this is all part of a covert plan to abolish the CEFC.
“Their agenda has been very clear all along, to abolish the Clean Energy Finance Corporation,” Grimes said. “What Malcolm Turnbull is doing it is abolishing it by other means.
“He's making a series of announcements where he's trying to get kudos … but actually what he's doing is taking the funding that is essential to push forward the renewable energy projects and help transition the economy, and using them for other purposes.”
But without a change to the CEFC Act – which the government hasn't flagged any intention to pursue – no government decision can stop the CEFC from doing its best to “facilitate increased flows of finance into the clean energy sector”.
Grimes said that was no comfort, since the Coalition hadn't promised to not amend the act if it had the numbers after the election.
Ariane Wilkinson from Environment Justice Australia said that limiting the scope of what the CEFC could invest in by too much could fall foul of the law – as was suggested could have been the case when the Coalition government tried to stop the CEFC from investing in windfarms.
But assuming it stays within the law, and doesn't try to change the legislation, what do these policy announcements amount to? Probably not much, in the end.
Take last week's reef announcement. The policy was that the CEFC would be directed to invest $1bn into projects that tackled both climate change and water quality issues on the Great Barrier Reef.
Jon Brodie is one of Australia's leading experts on water quality and coral reefs. He's been involved in writing hundreds of technical reports on the matter and authored a plan for how to improve water quality on the reef.
Great Barrier Reef needs $10bn for chance of survival, scientists say Read more
Guardian Australia asked him which of those recommendations could be assisted by money loaned to clean energy projects. “Well, I wouldn't have thought any of them,” he said.
Stuart Bunn is director of the Australian Rivers Institute at Griffith University. Asked what sorts of projects could be funded with CEFC loans, he replied: “The odd thing is that nothing really leaps to mind.”
He said that even if there were water quality projects that could be funded with loans for clean energy projects, they would be futile, since there were very particular locations and farmers that needed to be targeted, and incentive schemes like low-interest loans were unlikely to target those precise spots.
Cane farmers – the main target for water quality projects – have also said they're unsure how the financing could be used.
What's more, it's probably not really a $1bn fund, in any meaningful sense. A spokesman for the environment minister, Greg Hunt, said the fund would provide “up to” $1bn.
And we can be sure that, as with all CEFC money, it won't be spent unless the projects stack up.
What's more, the Coalition has said the fund will be used to fight both climate change and water quality. But despite being asked several times, Hunt's office has so far refused to answer questions about whether any percentage of the fund will be required to be spent on projects with water-quality co-benefits.
In response to that questioning, Hunt's office said climate change was the biggest long-term threat facing the Great Barrier Reef. But if it was including funding for climate change mitigation as part of a “reef fund”, it might as well claim the full $10bn in the CEFC as part of it.
Putting all that together, it looks like the policy isn't going to drag money out of effective clean energy projects, but equally, it's unlikely to do anything for the Great Barrier Reef either.
The “smart cities” policy funding looks similar. The CEFC already spends money on “smart cities” projects. Financing commercial buildings already happens. In fact commercial buildings are the second biggest sector to receive loans from the CEFC. In 2014 the chief excecutive of the CEFC, Oliver Yates, delivered a detailed presentation on how the CEFC was working to “making cities liveable”.
“The CEFC has been playing a role in this space to date,” says Kane Thornton, chief executive of the Clean Energy Council. “I'm not sure if this changes things substantially.”
But Thornton thinks the directive from the government to focus on clean energy projects in cities will give the CEFC some renewed focus on that sector. “There will be more opportunities and more scope for cities, local councils, building managers etcetera to go down the clean energy path.”
And overall, Thornton said the CEFC had so much money to throw around that these limitations on where it could lend its money can spend its money weren't going to negatively impact the industry.
Saving Great Barrier Reef from climate change should be central election issue, says Tim Flannery Read more
“I think it would be an issue if the CEFC only had a small amount of resources at its disposal but it does have a significant pool of funds to invest and these sorts of directives are within its scope, and I think it helps to give it some focus rather than depleting its funds.”
But that is exactly what other groups have picked up as the key problem with the announcement. “This is another politically driven, piecemeal policy that sees us yet again responding to a political need rather than building a decent plan for our future energy needs,” said Claire O'Rourke, national director of Solar Citizens, a group that represents households with rooftop solar.
She said these moves distracted from what the CEFC was really designed to do. “The global transition to renewables is already under way. Australia needs a national plan to harness the multibillion-dollar renewables boom and manage the orderly transition to 100% clean renewable power,” she said.
“Australia stands to gain an $800bn slice of the global renewable energy investment boom, and we will miss out on jobs, growth and investment if we don't get on with it now – this is what the CEFC is really for.”
The plundering of CEFC funds – using it as an election slush fund – isn't likely to hurt the clean energy industry much, but it is unlikely to do any good either.
Washington, May 17
The Supreme Court, by a unanimous decision, ruled to-day that segregation of Negro children in public schools is unconstitutional. It also called for further argument to decide whether Negro children should be admitted forthwith to schools of their choice or whether a gradual adjustment may be made to non-segregated schools. The Court will hear additional argument on whether it should hand down detailed decrees or whether it should appoint a special master to hear evidence and formulate decrees or whether the lower courts should be asked to fulfil this task.
In short, segregation "is a denial of the equal protection of the laws," but the practical means of giving effect to this decision still has to be decided by the Supreme Court. Once that stage is reached the problem of preventing local evasions of the Court's findings will still remain. Four southern states have threatened to end their public school system rather than admit Negro children. Coming weeks will show whether this was an empty threat or the signal for serious trouble.
The Fifth Amendment
Speaking for the entire Court, Chief Justice Warren said the test question was: "Does segregation of children in public schools solely on the basis of race, even though the physical facilities and other tangible factors may be equal, deprive the children of the minority group of equal educational opportunities? We believe that it does."
He then expressly overruled the doctrine of "separate but equal rights" that has been cited since the Plessy v Ferguson decision of 1896 to justify the segregation. He said:
"We conclude that in the field of public education the doctrine of 'separate but equal rights' has no place. Therefore, we hold that the plaintiffs and others similarly situated for whom the actions have been brought are, by reason of the segregation complained of, deprived of the equal protection of the laws guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment. This disposition makes unnecessary any discussion whether such segregation also violates the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment ... We have now announced that such segregation is a denial of the equal protection of the laws."
This judgement applied to the test cases from the states of Kansas, South Carolina, Virginia, and Delaware. Chief Justice Warren also delivered the Court's unanimous decision ending segregation in the public schools of the District of Columbia. The Washington case turned, not on the Fourteenth Amendment, as did the others, but on the Fifth Amendment. The judgement declared:
" In view of our decision that the Constitution prohibits the states from maintaining racially-segregated public schools, it would be unthinkable that the same Constitution would impose a lesser duty on the Federal Government. We hold that racial segregation in the public schools of the District of Columbia is a denial of the due process of law guaranteed by the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution."
Thus has ended the great legal debate on segregation. There will be much controversy in coming months but it will be on matters of practical enforcement rather than on constitutional rights. What surprised everyone was that the Court ruled unanimously on this controversy and that Chief Justice Warren was able to state the Court's opinion in a brief judgement. Once again the doctrine of the evolving Constitution has been vindicated.
Kings Could Benefit From McGinn's Skill-set.
When the Buffalo Sabres drafted Jack Eichel at last season's NHL Entry Draft, it was effectively the dawning of a new era in Sabres hockey. A momentous rebuild for a passionate fanbase that's been starved of a contender. The Buffalo Sabres have begun to show signs of a strong turnaround with great effort from young players like the aforementioned Eichel, Rasmus Ristolainen, and Sam Reinhart. 24 year old Ryan O'Reilly looks to be one of the ‘veteran' top-6 forwards going forward, so it's safe to say that youth is due to rule in western New York.
Now, back to 2015-2016. It's fairly clear that while the Sabres are beginning to show signs of life, respectfully they won't be anywhere near competing for a playoff spot this season. As one of the few teams who can clearly be marked as ‘sellers,' the Sabres may be in line to trade away smaller pieces for a bigger return. There are a certain number of players, whose contracts are set to expire, that could be of great value to other contending teams. Guys like David Legwand, Jamie McGinn, and Marcus Foligno are all set to be free agents at the end of this season and could fetch the Sabres more potential draft picks as they continue their complete rebuild.
Jamie McGinn may be of particular interest to these Los Angeles Kings, a forward who could play in the top-6 and bottom-6 when called upon. A versatile 6 foot 210 pounders, McGinn can also chip in on the penalty kill, if necessary. With 10 goals and 21 points through 47 games, McGinn is on pace to shatter his previous career high of 38 points through 79 games. Interestingly enough, McGinn has scored 7 of his 10 goals against Western Conference opponents this season, showing that he'll have no trouble being productive should the Kings acquire him.
McGinn could be a useful stop-gap should any top-6 King forward suffer injury that would cause them to step out of the lineup. The Kings have been fairly lucky and maintained their relative health, but who knows what injuries the team is nursing and for how long it's been that way. Adding a player like Jamie McGinn would give coach Daryl Sutter the opportunity to rest important players should the Kings run away with the division.
Another thing that makes McGinn an enticing grab is his contract. Currently, McGinn has a cap hit of 2.95 million that expires at the end of this season, which would make him a pure rental for the Kings, and probably one of the more viable options for their team going into this year's postseason. The only thing that would hold up any kind of deal would be the value that Buffalo places on McGinn. As I've mentioned previously, Buffalo will be one of a short list of teams willing to call themselves ‘sellers.' Other contending teams will be desperate to acquire a player like McGinn which could drive the price beyond what the Kings should be willing to give up for him. With the already completed trade with Philadelphia, the Kings are already short on draft picks unless they look to move one beyond this year, which isn't out of the realm of possibility.
First off let me say I needed a new replacement, as the launch of the new Smash Bros for Wii U, one of my original Jet Black GameCube controllers finally kicked the bucket after playing the new Smash all launch weekend and I got the Bundle. I had four controllers from the start (2 Old, 2 New) and decided to use my first one that came with the console (Sentiment reasons, broken in, I used it for all my GC games when I was younger). It was performing fine, until I started noticing some odd things (dropped inputs, wrong inputs, no responses). Eventually the right side stopped responding to any input. Opening it up reviewed the PCB finally gave way and broke after years of use and travel from Melee, to Brawl, Project M, and finally Sm4sh.
So I had high hopes I would be getting an official controller, not a knock-off or 3rd party imitation. To my surprise I got something worth all the $30 I spent. It was a Japan Version of an Official GameCube Controller. The reason this is even better is because the cable by default is a couple of feet longer; it's the same as the new Smash Edition GameCube Controller's cable length. If you need a replacement or want one purchase this one with the hopes of getting lucky and getting a Japan version.
However if you get a non Japan one don't be too sad. As you bought a good quality GameCube controller that should, would just fine. (Of course if you go second-hand it's condition and functionality will vary.)
I tested it out and works on my Wii for Melee, and Wii U for the new Smash. Very pleased and happy.
Over the past few years, MVRDV has made news for bold designs that transform derelict structures into exciting new spaces. From plans to redevelop former U.S. Army barracks in Germany into affordable house units to converting an unused highway in Seoul for an elevated public park, the Dutch firm has continually pushed the boundaries of architectural potential, most recently with its newly completed office at 133 Wai Yip Street in Hong Kong.
The building, which previously served as a factory, is located in Kowloon, a south-central region of the territory. Once composed of concrete, the structure has since been stripped bare and clad with glass and stainless steel, creating a bright, transparent office space that includes shops and restaurants as well. MVRDV has used glass for everything from the floor and stairwell to the chairs and desks. “We are moving into a transparent society, businesses are becoming more open with the public, and people care more about what goes on behind closed doors. In that way, a clear work space leaves nothing questionable, nothing hidden—it generates trust,” said MVRDV cofounder Winy Maas in a statement. “But it's also an opportunity for the building to become a reminder of the industrial history of the neighborhood, monumentalized in a casing of glass.”
Pedestrians walk past the newly transformed building.
Though the street-facing façade hints at the building's transparent nature, its windows are framed by white concrete, making it more traditional in appearance. The back of the structure, however, has been replaced with glazing, allowing pedestrians a view of the inner workings of the building. More important, perhaps, is that by lining the walls with large amounts of glass—which, among other areas, significantly reduces the amount of artificial light needed indoors—the building is slated to use 17 percent less energy annually than the average office in Hong Kong.
IRELAND MADE HISTORY with a 26-20 win over South Africa in Cape Town.
Read our match report here.
History makers
JUST HOURS AFTER Ireland's U20 side made history with their stunning win over New Zealand in Manchester, the senior side did the same in Cape Town.
At the eighth time of asking, Ireland won a Test against the Springboks on South African soil. Eddie O'Sullivan's 2004 crop pushed the Boks twice on the most recent tour, but this win for Joe Schmidt's Ireland was genuinely comprehensive.
Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
The Springboks looked nervous as they realised that a red card for CJ Stander wasn't going to mean Ireland just stepping aside. Even without a handful of experience leaders missing through injury, Ireland looked the far more assured team.
On a day that won't be forgotten, this is one of Irish rugby's greatest-ever wins.
Leaders stand up
The likes of Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien were absent but Ireland still had a core of experienced winners within their ranks. They rose to this 14-man challenge with aplomb.
Rory Best had his finest outing yet as captain, while Jamie Heaslip at number eight was at his inimitable best. Devin Toner in the second row has been a totem throughout Schmidt's reign, while Mike Ross is the same at tighthead.
27-year-old Conor Murray's influence on the game bordered on the ludicrous, while Jared Payne, Keith Earls and Andrew Trimble in the back three were composure personified.
Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
In contrast, South Africa looked rattled at the key moments in the game. Their halfback pairing of Faf de Klerk and Elton Jantijies looked utterly unsure of how to take control of the situation when they trailed 20-13 in the second half.
They did not receive any great help from the more experienced likes of Duane Vermeulen, François Louw and Adriaan Strauss in those crucial minutes.
Ireland's old head, in contrast, stood up to be counted.
New leaders emerge
Schmidt will not have been surprised to see the aforementioned showing mental strength in difficult circumstances, while his faith – albeit with his hands tied by injuries – in a handful of younger players was rewarded.
Paddy Jackson showed that he has come of age with a composed performance. Even when he was picked off by Pieter-Steph du Toit for a Boks try, the Ulsterman regathered himself and slotted a penalty.
Outside him, Luke Marshall showed that the time away from the Test arena has allowed him to mature and he also exuded confidence. Robbie Henshaw, at the age of 22, looks like a man ready to move into a figure who commands Test matches.
Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
In the forward pack, Jack McGrath underlined his status as a new leader of this squad. He is just 26.
Iain Henderson is readymade for Test rugby and will only grow and grow. 25-year-old Jordi Murphy put his head down for a huge shift at openside after being questioned all week, again looking like a more mature version of his former self.
For many of these younger players, the win on South African soil is just a start.
Schmidt's finest hour
Ireland head coach Schmidt has come in for criticism from quite a few corners in recent weeks, as he did during the Six Nations, making this victory all the sweeter for him.
He sent a highly-motivated Ireland team onto the pitch in Newlands with a game plan that ensured the Boks got no easy gains with ball in hand and were consistently under pressure defensively. There was width early on from Ireland, before the red card ensured they couldn't always go to those channels.
Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
Nonetheless, Ireland continued to be the more incisive team and Murray's try in the second half was just reward for their positive reaction.
Schmidt has built huge collective belief within this group, a confidence that couldn't be broken by the third-placed finish in the Six Nations this year. Two championship titles and a win on South African soil; Schmidt's reputation will continue to grow.
A series win against the Boks is there for the taking. With two shots at it, Schmidt will have confidence of finishing the job he's there to do.
Stander sees red
This would, of course, have been more of a talking point if Ireland had lost. As it happened, the red card served to rally Schmidt's men.
The overwhelming initial reaction to the CJ Stander incident was that referee Mathieu Raynal got it badly, badly wrong. Others feel the Ireland blindside's actions were completely reckless and with an intention to hit Pat Lambie.
The hope all round is that the Springboks' out-half makes a full recovery but this incident will continue to be debated.
Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
Certainly, Stander took a huge risk by leaping upwards and into Lambie in the manner he did. Whatever about the question of intent, Stander's leap was dangerous.
One could argue that players jump to block kicks all the time but then most do not see their hip area collide forcefully with the head of the kicking player.
In a sport where concussion is a major issue, such incidents are clearly unwelcome. That said, one has to wonder whether the decision would have be been a red card had Lambie not been forced to stay down and get stretchered off.
A yellow card seemed the sensible decision.
Farrell's influence
As good a Test debut for Ireland as the Englishman could have dreamed of. He preaches the utter importance of mindset when defending and that influence told in every second Ireland didn't have the ball.
Farrell's men hassled the Boks, harried them, hunted them into the ground. The rugby league legend spoke about building on the fine base that Les Kiss left and, again, was true to his word as the choke tackle constantly stifled the South Africans.
Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
Schmidt recognised the need for a big voice in the Ireland group after the departure of Paul O'Connell due to retirement and Farrell is providing that already by all accounts. His signing may prove to be a masterstroke by Schmidt and the IRFU.
Already the impact is being felt.
The42 is on Snapchat! Tap the button below on your phone to add!
Happy Birthday flutterguy317 !!!!I wanted to make a birthday deviation, never have done one ever before, so I wanted to gift flutterguy on this occasion. He is part of the amazing show, in which they critique and discuss art plus being a member of the staff.Their OC show was amazing and was the final push that I needed in order to get sketching started, this deviation was first sketched and then vectored by me, so I could say that this deviation exists in part thanks to flutterguy, Lol.Thank you flutterguy, you and every single person that helps and inspire others to go ahead and make art, improve at it and have access to good software like Ponyscape, you have earned this birthday gift and I hope you get many more on your special day!!!
BERLIN (Reuters) - A people smuggler left 19 migrants, including five children, at a motorway parking area in freezing temperatures in southern Germany and fled the scene, police said on Sunday.
Police said the temperature was -20 degrees Celsius (-4 degrees Fahrenheit) on Saturday when they found the migrants, one of whom had approached two other people at the parking area to raise the alarm after their driver left them.
They were freezing cold when the emergency services reached them near Brannenburg, just across the border from Austria.
The migrants, who were not carrying passports, said they came from Iraq, Iran and Syria. They told police they had paid between 500 euros and 800 euros ($526-842) per person to be taken from an Italian refugee center to Germany.
Police said in a statement a manhunt had so far been fruitless for the driver of the van, carrying British license plates.
Four of the migrant children were taken into the care of a youth welfare office. The other migrants were taken to a reception center for refugees, police said.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's open-door policies have allowed into Germany about 1.1 million refugees from Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere since mid-2015.
The migrant flow has slowed sharply, but Merkel's conservative Bavarian allies want an annual refugee cap - a demand she has refused.
Last night I was fortunate enough to be invited down to the kit launch by Puma, and was one of several bloggers able to grab a few words with Mikel Arteta. Here's what he had to say.
—
On his reaction to the Alexis Sanchez news…
I was really happy. Everyone was waiting for a big signing like this. It's a proper player – he's got the experience, the technique, the pace. I met him this morning and he looked very excited. I think he's going to be a good fit.
On Alexis' English…
His English isn't great as with 99% of the South Americans! But I think he will try. He was a bit worried about it but he will be fine. We have a very humble squad and the players will look after him. We have plenty of Spanish speakers too.
On beating stiff competition to land the player…
He had many options and he decided to join us which makes us really proud. I think he likes the style of Arsenal because it's very similar to what he was used to in Barcelona. I'm excited to watch him play.
On the significance of the deal…
I think it's a big statement from the club to say early on in the transfer window, “Ok, let's go and get one of the best strikers in the world at the moment”. They have convinced him to come and we got him. I think we've been lacking that pace and that creativity that he can probably bring to the club, so I can't wait.
On what Sanchez brings…
I think we were missing pace last season with Theo & Chambo injured. At some point we were playing with Cazorla, Wilshere & Giroud, all three coming in, you know? Arsenal was always a team who could play on the break and upfront had the speed to break people down. Now, I think we're going to be more powerful and much harder to deal with.
On the possibility of more signings…
One of them is almost done I think – but we have to see. I don't think it's going to stop here, I think they've got more targets. I don't think the players should get involved in that at all. They're doing their work well. Let's just be patient.
On this summer feeling different…
Yeah, when you win something it's a different summer. I think it took a lot of the pressure off our shoulders. This has to be the start. It's nowhere near good enough for Arsenal FC, we need to aim for much bigger things. We have the capacity to win things and we need to start showing that consistency in the next few years.
On a new contract…
I had my conversation with the manager – he knows my opinion, I know his opinion, and we are all good. That's all I can say.
I can't stop the rumours [about leaving] but I can be certain that I feel really happy here. I feel valued. I am given lots of responsibility here and I like it. Until the club thinks something different about me, I'm happy here.
On Arsene Wenger…
He's a very demanding manager. He's a very straightforward manager as well. You know what you're getting with him, you know exactly what he wants from you. If you're fair, you're right and you're honest then you're never going to have a problem with him.
On Arsene's beach football…
Yeah I was surprised. He looked younger than what he is! He is a very fit man though. He's one of the few who would look OK in the new kit.
He's coming back from Brazil on Monday. It shows you how much he loves football: even when he has a break he's watching football.
On if Aaron Ramsey can still progress…
Yes. This year's going to be very demanding for him because everyone's going to expect something big from him, and those seasons are not easy. But Aaron has the character and the ability to go and do it again. The way he trains and prepares himself is top drawer. He knows that now he is one of the main guys, and he needs to stand firm on it and deal with it because now it's going to be demanded from him.
On Diaby's return…
Abou's one of the players that I like most and I feel so sorry for him – he's been very unlucky with injuries throughout his career. When you look at him when he's had a month of training, some of the stuff he does is amazing. If we can add Abou to the squad I think he'll be a great addition.
On his favourite World Cup moment…
Well being Spanish I haven't had a favourite moment yet! Tim Cahill's goal was fabulous, that's the best so far. But hopefully the German's lift the cup. It'll be a nice moment and I'll be very happy for them.
On Brazil's heavy defeat…
I felt so sorry for them. Unfortunately last season we had some disappointing results against big teams. When I was watching that I was really feeling sorry for them because that was also in front of their home crowd which makes it even harder. I think it's going to be tough to digest that one.
On how he digested Arsenal's heavy defeats last season…
I don't think you do digest it. As soon as you talk about those games I feel something in my stomach. In that moment you just want the ground to open up and swallow you because you're not honouring your club, your shirt. It's very frustrating but these things happen in football. You have to accept them and you have to learn, and it can not happen again.
On if he's confident for next season…
Yes I am. Because I know the quality we have, the character, the desire. All the players have shown a good mentality when things aren't going well. When everything's going well it's easy, but when people are criticising you and asking questions of you you need to see how people deal with that, and I'm telling you these guys are top drawer.
—
As ever, Mikel came across as a thoughtful and articulate guy. My take on the wonderful Alexis Sanchez news should be with you soon. Thanks again to Puma for a lovely evening.
The new kit is available from JD Sports.
Saxo Capital Markets hosted the second instalment of its TradingDebates series yesterday at the iconic British Museum in London, UK.
The ‘Future of Trading' event attracted many people from the City's trading and investment community to discuss topics such as the geopolitical risks surrounding the energy markets and the future of the European Union. And of course, bitcoin and cryptocurrencies made an appearance.
In the last panel discussion of the afternoon, three speakers participated in the debate titled ‘Are Cryptocurrencies a Ponzi Scheme or a Real Currency Alternative?'
The panel comprised of the following members:
Sean Park, Founder of Anthemis Group, a digital financial services investment and advisory firm
Steven Englander, Currency Strategist at Citigroup
David Birch, Consultant at Consult Hyperion, a consultancy specializing in electronic transactions
The discussion was moderated by Izabella Kaminska of FT Alphaville.
Good PR?
The debate kicked off on the back of yesterday's news that Bloomberg is now listing bitcoin prices on its financial terminals. The speakers largely agreed that it did not mean legitimization for bitcoin.
“What does it mean? Frankly, nothing,” said Birch, adding that it was good for companies' publicity.
Using the example of the local merchants now accepting bitcoin he said:
“There are many shops that take bitcoin where you can buy pizzas. Nobody [uses bitcoin to buy goods], but you get featured on the BBC. If you are one of those places, it's good publicity.”
Park added that Bloomberg was “late to the game”.
History lesson
In lieu of the fact that this event was held at the British Museum, which is home to some eight million pieces from all continents documenting human life from its beginnings to present, many references were made to the evolution of money from coins to paper to digital currency.
“If we would be having this conversation 400 years ago,” said Birch, “people would say, ‘you know what, that central bank idea sounds absolutely lunatic'.”
Topics like bitcoin and crime, its volatility and deflationary nature, and technology behind cryptocurrencies also came up, as they do at many bitcoin events and talks.
However, when one of the panellists polled the audience to see how many people understood the technology behind cryptocurrencies, at least 80% of the room did not put their hands up.
Explaining the technology
The debate was poised to discuss the question if crytpocurrencies like bitcoin are an alternative for fiat currency but it turned out to be more of a high-level introduction session for the uninitiated in the audience.
In fact, one member of the audience said in the question round following the debate:
“You guys have been talking Chinese.”
Naturally, a lot of time was spent explaining cryptocurrencies and the technology behind it.
When Park was trying to draw the distinction between the Bitcoin protocol and bitcoin as a currency, he got the two mixed up himself. He said “Big B was the currency and small b was the bitcoin protocol.”
In the end, the general consensus of the panel was that they thought that bitcoin – particularly the block chain – as a technology was promising, but they did not say it would replace fiat currency.
Support for bitcoin
That was probably good news for many people from the banking industry in the audience.
Some prominent members of London's financial community were present at the event, including Lars Seier Christensen, the co-founder and co-CEO of Saxo Bank.
Christensen made headlines earlier this year when he revealed his support for bitcoin and acknowledged that his online investment company was exploring bitcoin's potential use.
British Museum image via Shutterstock
by
Many see families in poverty and seek to help. Others see families in poverty and see opportunities for profit.
Here are six examples of billion dollar industries which are built on separating poor people, especially people of color, from their money, the reverse Robin Hood.
Check Cashing Businesses
Check cashing businesses. Cash a $100 check? At Walmart that will be $3. At TD bank non-customers pay $5 to cash a check from their bank.
Nearly 10 million households containing 25 million people do not have any bank account according to the FDIC. Most because they did not have enough money to keep a minimum balance in their account.
Check cashing business are part of a $100 billion industry of more than 6,500 check cashing businesses in the US, many which also provide money orders, utility bill payments and the like, according to testimony provided to Congress by the industry.
Pawn Shops
More than 30 million people use pawn shop lending services for an average loan of $150. One company, Cash America, has 84 check cashing centers and 859 lending locations in the US, over 260 in Texas alone, extending over $1 billion in pawn loans. In their 2014 annual report they disclose that 30 percent of people never return to redeem the item they pawned and the sale of those items makes up over half of the company revenues. The company paid millions in penalties in 2013 for overcharging members of the armed services and filing inaccurate court pleadings in thousands of cases. The CEO was given $6 million in 2014.
Overdraft Fees
Overdraft fees, when there is not enough money in the checking account or credit card to cover all purchases, is an $11 billion industry for banks, according to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. A recent New York Times article explains how banks sometimes charge overdraft fees even when the customer has enough money in their accounts to cover the purchase and were forced to pay more than a billion dollars for manipulating the order of purchases to maximize the chances that their customers will have to pay extra fees.
Payday Loans
Payday loans are used by people over 15 million times a year and can lead to deep debt problems and usually involve incredible percentages of up to 391 percent according to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Pew Charitable Trusts reported pay day loans are a $7 billion dollar a year industry. The Federal Trade Commission won a $300 million case against two payday lenders who were deceiving borrowers, who, for example, took out a $300 loan thinking it could be repaid for $390 when in fact the lender was charging $975 to pay off the $300 loan. The US Department of Justice indicted former race car driver Scott Tucker on criminal charges for operating a $2 billion nationwide payday loan operation which routinely charged interest on loans for over 4.5 million people of 400 to 700 % per year. The nation's largest pay day loan company, Advance America, charged nearly 140,000 people in North Carolina annual percentage rates exceeding 450 percent until it was stopped by the state.
Car Title Loans
More than 2 million people use auto title loans every year, paying about $3 billion in fees each year, with typical annual percentage rates of 300 percent, according to the Pew Charitable Trusts. The Center for Responsible Lending estimates there are over 7000 businesses which loan money to people based on holding the title to their cars, usually charging up to 300 percent annual interest, which they advertise as 25 percent per month. The average borrower gets a loan of $951 and pays off $3,093.
Debt collection
Debt collection is a $13 billion dollar a year industry employing more than 140,000 workers in 6,000 companies, according to the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Debt collectors make more than 1 billion (yes with a b!) contacts with consumers each year, according to their own industry newsletter. Twelve million people (5.3 percent of consumers) are at least 30 days behind on their payments, according to the Urban Institute. Thirty-five percent of all adults with credit files, 77 million people, have debt in collection reported in their files. Pro Publica reviewed five years of court judgments and found the rate of judgements was twice as high in mostly black neighborhoods as it was in white ones.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has over 74,000 complaints about improper debt collection, its number one complaint, according to a recent report of the Alliance for A Just Society.
These are not just small companies but big names like Citigroup, Capital One, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Wells Fargo, in fact the Alliance for Just Society reported the big companies in debt collections have made nearly $100 million in contributions to federal candidates and parties since 2001 and another $280 million on federal lobbyists.
Citibank was sued twice by the federal CFPB over falsified documents and providing inaccurate information in debt collections and agreed to settle the case.
The debt collector with the largest number of complaints, Encore Capital Group, specializes in buying up debts from other creditors and then filing hundreds of thousands of lawsuits was forced to cancel more than 4,500 court judgments against borrowers in New York after it was charged with filing shoddy lawsuits.
JPMorgan Chase paid over $130 million to settle a case against it brought by attorney generals from 47 states for improperly collecting debts under what is called robo-signing, where legal documents are approved and filed without proper review. JPMorgan earlier paid $389 million in fines and refunds to credit-card consumers for problems with debt collections.
Conclusion
These businesses target families with incomes below $35,000 and people of color are three times more likely to receive abusive loans than whites. People with blemished credit are often passed over when seeking jobs.
There is some good news. Democrats created and passed into law the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau which is now beginning to gain some traction in monitoring and regulating these predatory practices. Bad news is that Republicans like Ted Cruz are trying to kill it and some Democrats are trying to hobble it. There are also good groups like the Center for Responsible Lending which provide excellent information on the abuses. But in the meantime making money off poor people remains a booming business.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's campaign slammed Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Tuesday night after the GOP presidential nominee questioned Clinton's "mental and physical stamina."
“While it is dismaying to see the Republican nominee for president push deranged conspiracy theories in a foreign policy speech, it's no longer surprising,” Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
Palmieri said Trump was "simply parroting lies."
Trump incorporated an attack on the Democratic nominee's health on Monday during his foreign policy speech, while discussing terrorism.
The Republican nominee alleged that Clinton "lacks the mental and physical stamina to take on" the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and other adversaries.
Trump alluded to a lack of vigor last week, too, mocking Clinton's "short" speeches.
"They're like 10 minutes and let's get out of here, go back home and go to sleep," Trump said.
Clinton suffered a concussion in 2012 while serving as secretary of State, though her personal physician, Dr. Lisa Bardack, released a statement last year saying Clinton is "in excellent physical condition and fit to serve as president of the United States." Doubts about Clinton's health have long swirled online and have seen a renewed focus in conservative media, with the Drudge Report recently featuring a months-old photo of Clinton being helped up a flight of stairs. The issue has also been raised in broadcast media by Fox News host and Trump supporter Sean Hannity, prompting CNN host Brian Stelter this week to call out the Fox personality for spreading " conspiracy theories " about Clinton's health. Clinton allies point to her marathon visit to Capitol Hill last year, when she testified before the Benghazi committee for 11 hours, as a testament to her endurance. Clinton's campaign used its statement on Tuesday to also attempt to pressure the businessman to release his tax returns. Clinton has released a "detailed medical record" and personal tax returns since 1977, while Trump hasn't provided "the most basic financial information," Clinton's campaign said.
Former Justice Department officials and allies of James Comey say they expect the fired FBI director to be deeply respectful of the investigation into Russian interference in the presidential election when he testifies before a Senate panel on Thursday.
Comey has a long and trusted relationship with the man now in charge of running that investigation, special counsel Robert Mueller, and is likely to avoid disclosing anything that might influence that probe, the sources said.
“Jim has enormous respect for Mueller, and I expect that that respect is reciprocated,” an associate of Comey's told The Hill. “Jim will be incredibly focused on avoiding interfering with Mueller's interests or inquiries in any way.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The two former directors have reportedly spoken to hammer out the contours of Comey's testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee, anticipating that lawmakers will be keenly interested in both the evidence of possible collusion between President Trump's campaign and Russia and the circumstances of Comey's abrupt dismissal last month.
Mueller has reportedly given Comey the green light to speak to the committee, and according to Chairman Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller's investigation MORE (R-N.C.), Comey told him that the “special counsel has not fenced him off in any way, shape or form on the items he intends to talk about.”
Comey's interactions with Trump and his firing are at the crux of arguments that Trump may have sought to stifle the FBI's investigation. One important interaction is a February meeting during which Trump reportedly asked Comey to “let go” of the investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
How circumspect Comey is during his testimony could provide clues about the strength of the case Mueller is building, former officials say. While the consensus is that Comey will say little about the primary investigation into collusion with Russia, his testimony on his interactions with Trump could potentially provide some insight into a rumored obstruction of justice probe.
“[Comey] is going to be mindful of what Bob Mueller's task is now and he's not going to do anything to undermine it or damage it,” said Ron Hosko, a former assistant director at the bureau who worked under both men.
“If we see him giving the sense that he's unbounded in what he has a willingness to say, that may be an indicator that Mueller doesn't see an obstruction case there.”
The working relationship between Mueller and Comey can be traced back at least to 2003, when Mueller was at the helm of the FBI and Comey became deputy attorney general under John Ashcroft. The two worked elbow-to-elbow in the early and uncertain days of the post-9/11 war on terror.
Then, in 2004, Mueller backed up Comey in a dramatic standoff with the George W. Bush White House that almost ended in both men's resignation — but cemented their reputations.
The White House was attempting to renew a controversial surveillance program Comey and Mueller believed was illegal. In a now-famous scene, Comey raced to the bedside of an infirm Ashcroft to prevent White House officials from getting him to sign off on reauthorizing the program.
When he arrived at the intensive care unit, Comey called Mueller and asked that he not let the Secret Service remove him from Ashcroft's side “under any circumstances.” Mueller ordered Ashcroft's FBI detail to prevent the Secret Service from removing Comey, keeping White House officials from being alone with the sick attorney general.
White House chief of staff Andrew Card and counsel Alberto Gonzales backed off that night — but the battle wasn't over. In a private meeting with the president the morning after the showdown at the hospital, Bush reportedly tried to convince Comey to allow him to shoulder the responsibility for the reauthorization of the program.
After Mueller and Comey made clear they would resign over the issue, Bush told Mueller that the Justice Department should do whatever was necessary to put the program on legal footing.
The incident is often cited as evidence of Comey's fierce willingness to speak truth to power — but the critical role played by Mueller is often overlooked.
“I knew that no one cared about losing a deputy attorney general,” Comey told the Washingtonian years later, during a subsequent stint in the private sector. “But no president could weather losing an FBI director.”
The Comey-Mueller relationship runs far deeper than the dramatic events of that night, associates say.
“I think the hospital incident should be taken as not just an experience they had together but a reflection of the degree of trust and expectations of integrity each had in the other,” the Comey associate told The Hill. “Those expectations would have been developed over the course of many matters.”
When the incident finally came to light — during a theatrical public account on Capitol Hill in 2007 — Comey gave a deeply personal avowal of the relationship to rapt lawmakers. Mueller, he said, “was very supportive to me personally.
“He's one of the finest people I've ever met and was a great help to me when I felt a tremendous amount of pressure and felt a bit alone at the Department of Justice.”
Former officials are swift to argue that the personal relationship won't influence Comey's testimony.
“Over a decade ago, they were in the trenches together and probably saw themselves in the same foxhole together, certainly in that encounter,” Hosko said.
But, he said, “Do I think that personal loyalty is such that it would color what Jim Comey is about to testify to, to make his case stronger or less strong? I think these guys are both rule-of-law, straight-arrow boy scouts in their own ways.”
Former federal prosecutor Bob Ray said Comey's testimony on his own dismissal probably won't have that much impact on any potential obstruction of justice case.
Mueller already has the most important piece of evidence he needs, he said — the contemporaneous memos that Comey reportedly kept following his encounters with Trump.
“I think he has all that he needs, which is why he's not making any effort to step in the way of Comey testifying,” said Ray, who was head of the Office of the Independent Counsel during the Whitewater investigation of Bill and Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE. “I wouldn't say that the testimony is mere icing on the cake, but the memos are more important than the testimony from an investigative standpoint.”
Mark Zaid, an attorney who specializes in national security, echoed that assessment, arguing that the impact from Thursday's hearing was likely to be strictly political.
“The takeaway for anyone would be Mueller is not concerned from a legal standpoint what Comey might say,” he said.
“I wouldn't be surprised if people come away disappointed in the lack of how salacious his testimony might be.”
At this point, Jason La Canfora of CBSSports.com (Twitter links) is much more bullish on Bobby Wagner reaching a new deal with the Seahawks than Russell Wilson doing the same. The linebacker is seeking a deal in the range of $10MM per season and Seattle's evaluation of him likely isn't far off from that. Wagner, who will turn 25 near the end of this month,graded out as fifth out of 60 qualified inside linebackers according to Pro Football Focus (subscription required). Earlier this month, the two sides began talks on a new deal. Here's more from the AFC and NFC West..
Rams coach Jeff Fisher acknowledged that the club has engaged in contract discussions with quarterback Nick Foles , according to Howard Balzer of USA Today Sports (on Twitter). Earlier today, Nick Wagoner of ESPN.com reported that the quarterback loves being in St. Louis, but he'll let agent David Dunn handle negotiations. The Rams are also talking to a few other potential 2016 free agents about new contracts, so it doesn't sound like they're focused exclusively on Foles.
coach acknowledged that the club has engaged in contract discussions with quarterback , according to Howard Balzer of USA Today Sports (on Twitter). Earlier today, Nick Wagoner of ESPN.com reported that the quarterback loves being in St. Louis, but he'll let agent David Dunn handle negotiations. The Rams are also talking to a few other potential 2016 free agents about new contracts, so it doesn't sound like they're focused exclusively on Foles. Antonio Gates , the Chargers ‘ all-time leader in catches, receiving yardage, and touchdowns, isn't thinking about retirement after this season, Michael Gehlken of U-T San Diego writes. “As you get older, people say things,” Gates said. “They make speculations about where you're going, about how much you have in the tank. To me, it's all about how I feel as a person, how my body feels physically and mentally. As of right now, I feel great physically. I'm in a great place mentally. So, we'll see how it goes. I have no expectations for how long I'll play or if this is my last year. Right now, my main focus is just being around the guys … and working to bring a championship here to San Diego.”
, the ‘ all-time leader in catches, receiving yardage, and touchdowns, isn't thinking about retirement after this season, Michael Gehlken of U-T San Diego writes. “As you get older, people say things,” Gates said. “They make speculations about where you're going, about how much you have in the tank. To me, it's all about how I feel as a person, how my body feels physically and mentally. As of right now, I feel great physically. I'm in a great place mentally. So, we'll see how it goes. I have no expectations for how long I'll play or if this is my last year. Right now, my main focus is just being around the guys … and working to bring a championship here to San Diego.” Kealoha Pilares (WR, Hawaii), Kenneth Penny (CB, UNLV), and Derek Dennis (G, Temple) were at Kansas City's minicamp today to try out for the Chiefs, tweets Terez A. Paylor of the Kansas City Star.
For details on how the default rules works and how to implement them please see part 1 of the hardening posts here:
https://oddvar.moe/2017/12/13/harden-windows-with-applocker-based-on-case-study-part-1/
Hardening
In “AppLocker – Case study – How insecure is it really? – Part 2” we concluded that there is 1 definitive bypass technique that works and 2 possible ones. If you are concerned on blocking these executable's I suggest that you implement the rule in Audit mode to uncover legitimate usage of the files.
MSHTA.exe
The definitive one was mshta.exe.
This is pretty easy to block and there are different approaches to this one.
The most common I see is that people change the association of .HTA files to notepad. Doing this is really simple using Group Policy Preferences. A guide on this can be found here: http://www.grouppolicy.biz/2011/09/how-to-use-group-policy-to-change-open-with-file-associations/
This means that .HTA files will be opened in Notepad instead. However this is not bullet-proof since you can serve .HTA files from a webserver and define MIME type and still get it executed.
Source: https://twitter.com/subtee/status/852687635172786176
The other way is to block mshta.exe in Windows. This can be done with a dens rule in AppLocker.
First you navigate to the Executable rules in your AppLocker policy and start a new rule:
Now click next until you see the permissions page. Here you need to set it to Deny like this:
Now click next until you come to the Publisher part. Here you will need to browse to the mshta.exe file located under C:\Windows\system32 :
Next you need to make sure that you target every version of mshta.exe by dragging the arrow up to “File name” like this:
Now just click next next until you are finished.
A dens rule should be in place and it should look something like this:
Now that the rule is in place you will need to make sure that the client receives his Group Policy first(run gpupdate).
If you are running this on a single machine using local policy you will need to restart the Application identity service.
Testing to deny rule
If I now try the mshta bypass that launched the empire stager it will look like this:
And the event log looks like this:
MSDT.exe and PresentationHost.exe
Since we are not 100% sure about these bypass I choose to create a block rule for these as well. The method is exactly the same as above, just change the binary with the correct one.
MSDT.exe is located in c:\windows\system32.
PresentationHost.exe is located in c:\windows\system32.
IMPD officer arrested, termination recommended following computer tampering investigation Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved Francisco Olmos. (Provided Photo/IMPD) [ + - ] Video
Staff Reports - INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) - Termination has been recommended for a 10-year veteran member of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department.
According to IMPD, an investigation into computer tampering allegations against 31-year-old Francisco Olmos began in November 2015. Police say it was due to his off-duty activity at a death investigation crime scene.
The Marion County Prosecutor's Office says on Nov. 2, 2015, an 18-year-old female committed suicide and had known Olmos for nine months.
Olmos is accused of accessing the woman's phone and deleting messages between himself and the suicide victim.
However, it was because of the lack in advancement in technology that detectives were not able to forensically examine the cellphone recovered at the crime scene until August 2017.
The findings of the investigation were turned over to IMPD Chief Bryan Roach, who immediately suspended Olmos without pay and suggested termination from the force.
In addition to IMPD's recommendation, Olmos is charged with obstruction of justice and computer trespass.
Olmos has been with IMPD since October 2007.
SAN FRANCISCO (CN) – The California Cricket Academy claims in court that the U.S. Cricket Association postponed mandatory elections and disenfranchised its members, to control the national board of directors of the world's second most-popular sport.
In their federal complaint, Ram Varadarajan and the California Cricket Academy claim the United States of America Cricket Association imposed new requirements on its leagues, without amending its constitution.
The association, with 48 member leagues from eight regions, was scheduled to hold elections for its board of directors last year, according to the complaint.
Varadarajan claims the USA Cricket Association first postponed an election in 2007, for which the International Cricket Council suspended it.
The defendant association adopted a written constitution and held elections in 2008, with board members to serve 3-year terms. But it delayed elections again in 2011 without amending its constitution, the plaintiffs say.
“Rather than proceed with a free national election, the board openly and defiantly violated the clear mandates of the USACA Constitution. The board unilaterally nullified legitimately held regional elections and initiated an eleventh-hour ‘compliance audit' in a transparent attempt to reconfigure the electorate,” according to the 22-page complaint.
The audit, begun in September 2011, 6 months after elections were to be held, required leagues to submit lease agreements, meeting minutes, finance spreadsheets and a host of other records, the complaint states.
“Leagues scrambled to collect documents, but the Herculean task was impossible for many,” according to the complaint.
The association refused to hold elections until leagues completed the audit to its “satisfaction,” the complaint states.
Preliminary results showed that none of the leagues fully complied with the audit, the plaintiffs say, but the board disenfranchised the California Cricket Academy – “perhaps the largest contributor to youth cricket – financially and logistically – in the United States” – and more than two-thirds of its members, nonetheless.
In December 2011, the association's board, after a closed-door meeting, announced that elections would be postponed again until “a majority of leagues, ideally at least 66 percent, are compliant,” according to the complaint.
The league has scheduled a national election for April 14, but only 15 leagues have been authorized to cast ballots, the plaintiffs say.
The California Cricket Academy was deemed “not in compliance” and in “bad standing” by the association, though it appealed the decision, and its ability to attract players, fans and sponsors has been compromised, the plaintiffs say.
“Throughout this audit process, Mr. Varadarajan and CCA exhausted every conceivable avenue – formal and informal – to convince the USACA Board to abide by the law and hold the election required by the constitution. USACA flatly refused, taking the position that what is says goes – period. …
“The members have been subject to months of a regime that has no right to continue its poor management of conflicted corporate affairs. Every day that goes by with the current board strong-arming its power is another day league members can never have back,” the complaint states.
The defendants violated the USACA Constitution, New York General Laws governing nonprofits, and “every principle of free and fair elections,” according to the complaint.
The defendant association was organized in New York and is based in Miami Beach.
The complaint states: “Cricket is the second most popular sport in the world [after soccer]. It is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of 11 players. Similar to baseball, one team bats and tries to score as many runs as possible while the other team fields, trying to dismiss the batter, thereby limiting the runs scored by the batting team.”
The game began in England in the 16th century and is the country's national sport. A cricket test match, the sport's original format, lasts five days.
Varadarajan, a Cupertino resident and nominee for USA Cricket Association president, and the California Cricket Academy seek declaratory and injunctive relief enjoining the association from disenfranchising league members who were in good standing before the audit, from holding elections with only 15 member leagues, and nullifying any regional elections held in 2011.
The plaintiffs are represented by James Pearl with O'Melveny & Myers of Los Angeles.
Like this: Like Loading...
My first project has been dabbling in creating my raspberry pi into a webserver. Right now I've been following the instructions found on this website.
How to set up a Raspberry Pi Webserver
I did have to research how to install the Debian(Wheezy) iso to the SD card using the following steps:
MacOS or *Nix
Insert SD card into SD slot
Identify what disk your SD card is In terminal run “diskutil list”
ex: disk2
Unmount the SD card by entering “diskutil unmountDisk /dev/”disk#”
ex: diskutil unmountDisk /dev/disk2
Burn images to SD card by entering “sudo dd bs=1m if=”image path.img” of=/dev/”disk#”
ex: sudo dd bs=1m if=”/Downloads/2012-12-16-wheezy-raspbian.img of=/dev/disk2
It will look like your terminal has frozen and nothing will be displayed. This takes a bit. Leave it be, once terminal pops up with a new line on the prompt you're done and ready to put the SD card into your raspberry pi. Follow the remaining steps outlined in the above hosted link and you should have your first webserver ready to be interacted with on your internal network.
Image copyright AFP/Getty
Almost 500 people have been arrested since a ban on so-called legal highs came into force six months ago, the Home Office has said.
Four people have been jailed and the government said more were progressing through the courts.
Psychoactive substances, which produce highs similar to cocaine, cannabis and ecstasy, were banned at the end of May.
A total of 332 shops have stopped selling legal highs and 31 selling drugs paraphernalia have closed down.
Of the 492 people arrested in the UK since the legislation took effect, it is not known how many have been charged with an offence.
'Dangerous drugs'
Home Office minister Sarah Newton said: "We banned new psychoactive substances because they are not safe, they can devastate lives and we will not tolerate them in this country.
"At the same time as supporting law enforcement in tackling the supply of illegal drugs we are also taking action to prevent the harms caused by their use, from educating young people about the risks to helping dependent individuals through treatment."
Commander Simon Bray, of the National Police Chiefs' Council, said the Psychoactive Substances Act had "fundamentally changed the way the police tackle the supply and distribution of these dangerous drugs".
The Home Office said new psychoactive substances were involved in 204 deaths in the UK in 2015, an increase from 163 the previous year.
Yesterday afternoon (Dec. 11) a bunch of new Rich Homie Quan and Young Thug songs leaked onto the web . Leaks aren't anything new in hip-hop—Nicki Minaj's album The Pinkprint leaked yesterday also—and it's probably not going away any time in the foreseeable future. Nine songs were leaked on the web and compiled into what some believed to be cuts off of Rich Gang 2 , which Birdman announced back in November. XXL recently caught up with Rich Homie Quan, who said that he doesn't know how the leak happened but that it makes him want to work harder .
"I don't know how it's happening but it happened," Quan said. "I was mad at first but at the same time it makes me want to go harder. I take music so serious, every song I got. It really hurt, bro. Who to say I wasn't going to sell any of those songs? If I was going to sell it, you messed up any chance I had. That's how I provide for my family. But at the same time, if you want it, get it. I'm going to go harder; you took it, now I'm going to give you something you're going to want to buy. I'm going to lock my music down three times harder."
The nine songs that leaked were rumored to be cuts from Rich Gang 2, but RHQ insists that they were just some loosies that he and Thug had recorded. "Naw, that was just a lot of songs just put together and [people] called it that," he said. "I'm not really tripping. I was mad about the Drake song leaking, but whatever. This is what I do. If you get too mad, you probably don't have any more heat. But when it's what you do, just go back to the drawing board. That's what I'm going to do."
The Drake song he's referring to is the highly anticipated Quan and Drizzy collaboration titled "Tell Me Why," which the 2014 XXL Freshmen class member had been hinting at prior to it leaking yesterday. "Tell Me Why" was another Rich Homie Quan collab that could have possibly been the next big club banger in his catalog. But after the leak, it seems like Quan has no desire to use any of the nine songs on any project he has going forward.
"Before you drop a project you want to make sure you have videos," Quan explained to XXL. "You want to make sure everything is lined up the proper way. Now, if you leak someone's music without them knowing, it's hard to really get a grip on it. You don't know what route you want to go. Who to say one of those songs couldn't be the next hit?"
Related: Rich Homie Quan And Drake “Tell Me Why”
Rich Homie Quan Featuring Ty Dolla $ign, Fabolous And Dej Loaf “Blah Blah Blah (Remix)”
Travi$ Scott Spills Body Paint With Young Thug & Rich Homie Quan In “Mamacita” Video
Market research firm IDTechEx predicts that the global market for 3D printing metals will hit $12 billion by 2028. This growth in metal additive manufacturing (AM) will not only be due to greater adoption of the technology, as prices drop and new technology emerges, but also to the expansion of the materials portfolio itself.
Currently, metal materials for AM are pretty limited, particularly when it comes to powder bed fusion, the most widespread metal 3D printing technology on the market. This means that we're going to see a number of initiatives established to make more metals available for powder bed systems.
Among the companies taking advantage of this new frontier is Elementum 3D, which is developing new metal powders for powder bed fusion that have some unique properties. ENGINEERING.com spoke with the company's president, Jacob Nuechterlein.
Starting with Aluminum
After studying powder metallurgy at the Colorado School of Mines, Nuechterlein started working as a materials science consultant when he began to see the limited materials available in metal AM. It was then that he founded Elementum 3D.
“There are thousands of materials to choose from, so why are there only six or seven metals for AM?” Nuechterlein asked. “Our goal was to expand the materials library for AM and found that the largest market was laser powder bed. That's what we've been going after, developing new materials for laser powder bed from a couple of different techniques.”
The startup's first material to be released is its aluminum metal-matrix composites (MMC), a metal matrix with a ceramic particulate dispersed within it. The only way it can be printed is through Elementum's proprietary reactive AM (RAM) technique. “We use a technology called RAM and essentially we're using solid-state chemical reactions to form different cross phases in the equipment,” Nuechterlein explained.
The use of ceramics in the composite means a stronger, harder, stiffer metal with great wear resistance. The aluminum MMC is similar to 7075 aluminum. It's harder and stronger than the AlSi10Mg aluminum alloy typically used in 3D printing, and it's even harder and stronger than steel. It also has a higher strength-to-weight ratio, comparable to titanium, but is less heavy, less expensive and faster to print.
“Typically, 2000-series aluminum is not printable using standard laser powder beds, but when you use our RAM process with the MMC, that makes the material printable and consistent,” Nuechterlein said. “One of the big advantages of this is that it increases the operating temperature. A typical aluminum will be a very soft at 100 °C, but this material has a strength better than 6061 [aluminum] at elevated temperatures.”
The combination of temperature resistance and high stiffness makes the material useful for aerospace, automotive and tooling applications. Business Development director for Elementum 3D, Patrick Callard, pointed out that the material could find itself in the engine area of a car, such as the piston heads or push rods, as well as the breaking system or anywhere in which wear resistance could be key.
The material's wear resistance does introduce some obstacles. For instance, machining is very difficult, according to the company. “It's so wear resistant that it will wear down carbide tooling, so you have to use diamond or wire [electrical discharge machining],” Nuechterlein said. “Adding ceramic also decreases the ductility.”
Elementum has partnered with EOS, manufacturer of direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) systems, for the aluminum MMC material, which will be sold exclusively by EOS. The material will be available for use on EOS DMLS 3D printers later this year.
Expanding the Material Set
To develop new materials, Elementum prefers to work with partners who have interests in specific materials. The partner may provide base metals for experimentation and/or the specific tests required of that material.
As the material is developed, Elementum prints test cubes and standard tensile coupons to perform a variety of mechanical tests, as well as metallography to characterize the microstructure of the material under a microscope.
Once the material is developed, the startup licenses its RAM technique to the company. Powder bed systems capable of using the material don't have to be modified at all. Instead, Elementum essentially licenses the machine parameters that make the material printable.
Not all materials developed by Elementum require the RAM process. For instance, the startup aims to have pure copper and pure tungsten materials, and their associated machine parameters, on the market by the end of the year.
The company is still quite new, so it may be some time before we hear more about how these materials are being used. NASA, however, is Elementum's first customer and there will likely be more on the way.
To learn more, visit the Elementum 3D website.
Thanks to a new technology, robots of the future will not only be able to see and hear, they'll also be able to feel. But not in the sense that they'll be moved by Wall-E – at least not yet – but feel as in have a sense of touch. It's all thanks to researchers at the University of Southern California and their BioTac sensor.
The sensor resembles a human finger – it has a soft flexible skin with fingerprint-like sensors, a liquid filling and a bone-like core. It can sense and identify textures by analyzing the vibrations that they make as it eerily strokes materials. It can also sense pressure and heat. And soon, fear.
Despite its accurate sensors, the researchers say that the robot they fitted with the BioTac was not fit to identify which textures humans prefer. Members of the rebellion, write that down: robots lack taste. That will be our edge. Seriously though someday they hope to see it integrated in prosthetic devices, which would be awesome.
[via USC Viterbi via Digital Trends]
March 20, 2011 12:00 AM |
['@ Play' is a monthly column by John Harris which discusses the history, present and future of the Roguelike dungeon exploring genre. This time out - a look at initial entries Harris has compiled from an in-progress Roguelike encyclopedia.]
For a while now I've been working on a general encyclopedia of roguelikes, covering many games, general concepts, some specifics of the big games, and general items of interest.
It's still very much a work in progress. What follows, presented for general interest, entertainment, and maybe just a little education, is some excerpts from this document. (Included entries may not match their final form.)
AMULET (of Life Saving)
This particularly useful amulet instantly revives the player character when he is killed. The item is destroyed in the process. In Nethack, this also remedies whatever condition it was that caused the death. If run out of hit points it completely heals; if starved to death it fills the stomach, it reverses stoning, and so on. (There at least two exceptions to this: self-genocide and brainlessness.)
In the process, and in one of the many homages to classic Dungeons & Dragons the game offers, it drains one point of Constitution, although this is much less of a problem in Nethack since that statistic fluctuates with exercise. It still adds one to the player's “death count,” and in fact is the only way to do this without ending the game or being in either discovery or wizard mode.
In ADOM, Amulets of Life Saving only protect against running out of hit points.
McAllister won in the Republican district by playing up his conservative credentials. Report: Pol, staffer caught kissing
Freshman GOP Rep. Vance McAllister of Louisiana — who ran for office as a principled conservative Christian — has been caught on video in a romantic encounter with a woman believed to be on his congressional staff just before Christmas.
The Ouachita Citizen, a newspaper based in West Monroe, La., posted a Dec. 23 surveillance video purportedly from inside McAllister's district office in Monroe.
Story Continued Below
The video shows McAllister kissing a woman identified by the newspaper as a congressional staffer for the first-term lawmaker. Federal payroll records show she is a part-time aide who began working for McAllister the day after he won his seat last year.
( PHOTOS: Scandal pols: Where are they now?)
McAllister won a special election on Nov. 16 to replace Rep. Rodney Alexander (R-La.). McAllister won in the heavily Republican district by playing up his conservative credentials, including his Christian faith and his 16-year marriage.
McAllister's Washington office door was locked Monday. He issued a statement in the afternoon apologizing for the incident and asking for forgiveness.
( Also on POLITICO: Cantor responds to McAllister video)
McAllister also asked for privacy as his family deals with the fallout from the scandal. McAllister and his wife, Kelly, have five children.
“There's no doubt I've fallen short and I'm asking for forgiveness. I'm asking for forgiveness from God, my wife, my kids, my staff, and my constituents who elected me to serve,” McAllister said in his statement.
“Trust is something I know has to be earned whether you're a husband, a father, or a congressman. I promise to do everything I can to earn back the trust of everyone I've disappointed.”
( PHOTOS: Wives react to their husband's affairs)
McAllister added: “From day one, I've always tried to be an honest man. I ran for Congress to make a difference and not to just be another politician. I don't want to make a political statement on this, I would just simply like to say that I'm very sorry for what I've done.
“While I realize I serve the public, I would appreciate the privacy given to my children as we get through this.”
House GOP leaders also had no official reaction to the McAllister report. It was first posted on Monday afternoon by the Ouachita Citizen.
The local newspaper did not specify how it obtained the video, which came from inside McAllister's district office.
Follow @politico
This article tagged under: Scandals
Vance McAllister
A video supplied to The New York Times, showing the shooting death of 50-year-old Walter Scott at the hands of a South Carolina police officer, appears on first viewing to be the latest example of an unarmed black person killed unnecessarily by a white cop.
But it's so much more than that. Because three days elapsed between the shooting and the publication of the video of the shooting, the Scott incident became an illuminating case study in the routinized process through which police officers, departments and attorneys frame the use of deadly force by American cops in the most sympathetic possible terms, often claiming fear of the very people they killed. In the days after the shooting, the police version of events — an utterly typical example of the form — was trotted out, only to be sharply contradicted when the video surfaced. In most cases like this, there is no video, no definitive, undisputed record of much of what happened, and thus no way to rebut inaccurate statements by the police.
The first report of the Saturday afternoon incident, from Charleston's The Post and Courier, followed the usual script: The police department's story portrayed the victim as behaving dangerously, in this case, purportedly struggling to take an officer's Taser as part of a violent altercation. Family and friends of the slain black victim mourned his loss and questioned the narrative offered by authorities.
The pro-police spin continued two days later, when a lawyer for Michael Slager, the officer who shot Scott, said Scott “tried to overpower” his client, who “felt threatened and reached for his department-issued firearm and fired his weapon.” Scott's family and allies could do little more than note that Scott was unarmed, and call for the truth to somehow emerge.
That was before the video of the incident — from a brave soul now identified as 23-year-old Feidin Santana — got into the hands of the Scott family. And in one dramatic instance, a cop's tale of fearing for his life was replaced with a clear recording of the truth — a truth so damning it appears to have motivated Slager's lawyer to stop representing the officer (the lawyer has declined to discuss his motivation, but told The Daily Beast, “All I can say is that the same day of the discovery of the video that was disclosed publicly, I withdrew as counsel immediately.”)
“Feared for my life” has become a crutch for law enforcement in cases where an officer has used deadly force, especially deadly force against people of color and particularly when those people are black and unarmed. It conjures the possibility, even the likelihood, of an exoneration, serving as a sort of “Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice” chant whenever there is no deadly weapon in the hands of the person just killed. The officers who shot unarmed Michael Brown in Ferguson last year and unarmed Sean Bell in New York in 2007 famously claimed they feared for their safety, to take just two recent examples. The same could also be said about the two recent tragedies in Ohio, where 22-year-old John Crawford and 12-year-old Tamir Rice, despite appearing as if they were armed with real guns, were never given a real opportunity to put down their BB and airshot guns, respectively. Officers in both cases have claimed they ordered the victim to drop his apparent weapon — but Crawford was shot within one second of contact with police, and Rice within two seconds, according to analyses of footage of the incidents.
One incident in Texas in 2008 that has largely gone under the radar illustrates how hard it is — without video — to litigate against officers who claim to fear for their lives. In the Bellaire, Texas incident, a white police officer shot former minor league baseball player Robbie Tolan, saying he feared Tolan was reaching for a gun. Tolan, who was unarmed, had been suspected of driving a stolen car after an officer incorrectly entered his license plate number. When he was shot, he was in front of his parents' home protesting how his mother was being treated by responding officers as she and his father tried to explain that the car belonged to the family. Tolan survived, but a police bullet remains lodged in his liver. He filed a federal suit in 2009, and the Supreme Court last year unanimously ruled that a federal appeals court must reconsider a lawsuit by Tolan, which the appeals court had originally declined to consider. (The officer who incorrectly entered his license plate number received an “Officer of the Year” award in 2013.)
Without video, Tolan has been in court for six years and still has no verdict; his federal case resumes in September. And, without video, Walter Scott's loved ones would have been left with questions haunting them forever. Their accounts of Scott being a calm and controlled individual — “He's not a violent guy, never seen him argue with anybody, I just can't see it,” Scott's cousin Samuel told The Post and Courier — would have had to contend with racist stereotypes and insinuations about his 10 arrests, even though those were described as “mostly for failure to appear for court hearings and to pay child support.”
Though more cameras — body cameras on cops, increased recording of stops by smartphone-wielding citizens — won't automatically stop some police officers from engaging in racist assault, they provide the best means of countering the stories assumed to be true, that turn out to be false, told by police officers and propped up by the spin machines that stand behind them. In the Scott case, a cop was not lucky enough to sell his dubious story to the public. We should all be thankful for that. But Lord knows how many thousands of police con jobs involving claims of fear before shooting black victims have been pawned off on the citizenry.
Since 2011, when Yemeni youths took to the streets and sparked the eventual demise of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh's regime, the country has fallen to pieces. The new embattled government is now struggling to cope with a bevy of issues, including sectarian rivalries, CIA drone strikes, and one of al Qaeda's most sophisticated branches. It now risks presiding over the failure of one of the world's most fragile countries.
In "Yemen: A Failed State," VICE News visits some of Yemen's most dangerous and hard-to-reach places and groups, including the national Army in the country's lawless East, the Houthis in Sana'a, and the Popular Committee in the South, to find out how both the government and the West's policy toward Yemen have gone wrong.
Check out "Al-Qaeda Hospital Massacre in Yemen"
Subscribe to VICE News on YouTube
Follow VICE News on Twitter
Like VICE News on Facebook
Diviciacus Quote: Originally Posted by Also, "Core World" = Coruscant/Dromund Kaas.
Regardless, in this context I took it to mean the same as if they had said "classic" or "vanilla". Worlds from the game as it currently exists.
Anyway...
SaerethDL Quote: Originally Posted by umm werent we suppose to have a stream on the 25th? Are we still having that?
The one on the 25th and 26th is at "twitchcon" (a couple days later after first hearing of this and I'm still amazed and baffled that this is really a thing) and sounds like it will be someone on the show floor at the convention center in San Francisco showing off chapter 1 of the new story to guests at the convention center (and streamed to everyone else on Twitch) with the help of a bunch of "famous" (who are these people?) Twitch streamers throughout both days that the stream will be running. I expect that this format means that the coverage will be very repetitive. You'll only really need to catch it for one hour to see one guest streamer playing the chapter, and I really doubt that they'll cover anything in any particular hour that they don't cover again in another hour. And they've got 9 guests scheduled between the two days.
The one just announced for the 30th sounds like it's their typical type of stream, broadcast from their office in Austin. It's scheduled for 2 hours and promises to cover actual gameplay changes all the way through instead of showing off some of the story again.) Dromund Kaas isn't in the core.Regardless, in this context I took it to mean the same as if they had said "classic" or "vanilla". Worlds from the game as it currently exists.Anyway...What makes you think that that has changed? They're still advertising it on the front page and it's still what's stated as coming up next on their Twitch page. And it was clearly stated as having a different purpose from this newly announced stream.The one on the 25th and 26th is at "twitchcon" (a couple days later after first hearing of this and I'm still amazed and baffled that this is really a thing) and sounds like it will be someone on the show floor at the convention center in San Francisco showing off chapter 1 of the new story to guests at the convention center (and streamed to everyone else on Twitch) with the help of a bunch of "famous" (who are these people?) Twitch streamers throughout both days that the stream will be running. I expect that this format means that the coverage will be very repetitive. You'll only really need to catch it for one hour to see one guest streamer playing the chapter, and I really doubt that they'll cover anything in any particular hour that they don't cover again in another hour. And they've got 9 guests scheduled between the two days.The one just announced for the 30th sounds like it's their typical type of stream, broadcast from their office in Austin. It's scheduled for 2 hours and promises to cover actual gameplay changes all the way through instead of showing off some of the story again.)
John Elwes [né Meggot or Meggott] (a.k.a. "Elwes the Miser"), MP (7 April 1714 – 26 November 1789) was a Member of Parliament (MP) in Great Britain for Berkshire (1772–1784) and a noted eccentric and miser, suggested being an inspiration for the character of Ebenezer Scrooge in Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol.[1] Dickens made reference to Elwes some years later in his last novel, Our Mutual Friend.[2] Elwes was also believed to inspire William Harrison Ainsworth to create the character of John Scarfe in his novel The Miser's Daughter.[3][4]
Family background and early life [ edit ]
Elwes (birth name "Meggot") was born on 7 April 1714 into a respectable English family. His father, Robert Meggot, was a respected Southwark brewer and his grandfather was Sir George Meggot, MP for that same borough.[5] His mother, Amy (née Elwes), was the granddaughter of Sir Gervase Elwes, 1st Baronet and MP for Suffolk (see Elwes baronets).[6][7] His maternal grandmother, Lady Isabella Hervey (of the Hervey family), happened to be a celebrated miser.[clarification needed][8]
He received a good education in the classics at Westminster School. After graduating he traveled to Geneva where he embraced his skill for horsemanship and love of the hunt. He was known as one of the best riders in Europe. It was at this time that he was introduced to Voltaire, to whom he was reported to bear a remarkable resemblance. However, Elwes was far more impressed with the quality of the horses at his riding school than by the genius of the French philosopher.[citation needed]
First inheritance [ edit ]
Elwes inherited his first fortune from his father who died in 1718 when Elwes was just four years old. Although his mother was left £100,000 in the will (approx. £8,000,000 as of 2010), she reputedly starved herself to death because she was too cheap to spend it.[citation needed] With her death, he inherited the family estate including Marcham Park at Marcham in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire), purchased by his father in 1717.
Second inheritance [ edit ]
The greatest influence on Elwes' life was his miserly uncle, Sir Hervey Elwes, 2nd Baronet, of Stoke College and MP for Sudbury, whom Elwes obsequiously imitated to gain favour.[citation needed] Sir Hervey prided himself on only spending little more than £110 on himself per annum. The two of them would spend the evening railing against other people's extravagances while they shared a single glass of wine. In 1751, in order to inherit his uncle's estate, he changed his name from Meggot to Elwes. Sir Hervey died on 18 September 1763, bequeathing his entire fortune to his nephew. The net worth of the estate was more than £250,000 (approx. £18,000,000 as of 2010), a figure that continued to grow despite Elwes' inept handling of his finances.
Miserliness [ edit ]
John Elwes, MP, with moneybag
On assuming his uncle's fortune, however, Elwes also assumed his uncle's miserly ways. He went to bed when darkness fell so as to save on candles. He began wearing only ragged clothes, including a beggar's cast-off wig he found in a hedge and wore for two weeks. His clothes were so dilapidated that many mistook him for a common street beggar, and would put a penny into his hand as they passed. To avoid paying for a coach he would walk in the rain, and then sit in wet clothes to save the cost of a fire to dry them. His house was full of expensive furniture but also moulding food. He would eat putrefied game before allowing new food to be bought. On one occasion it was said that he ate a moorhen that a rat had pulled from a river. Rather than spend the money for repairs he allowed his spacious country mansion to become uninhabitable. A near relative once stayed at his home in the country, but the bedroom was in such a poor state that the relative was awakened in the night by rain pouring on him from the roof. After searching in vain for a bell, the relative was forced to move his bed several times, until he found a place where he could remain dry. On remarking the circumstance to Elwes in the morning, the latter said: "Ay! I don't mind it myself... that is a nice corner in the rain!" His biographer, Edward Topham, who knew him well,[9] recounts:
"...it is curious to remark, how he contrived to mingle small attempts at saving.... After sitting up a whole night at play for thousands, with the most fashionable and profligate men of the time, amidst splendid rooms, gilt sofas, wax lights, and waiters attendant on his call, he would walk out about four in the morning, not towards home, but into Smithfield! to meet his own cattle, which were coming to market from Theydon-hall,[10] a farm of his in Essex. There would this same man, forgetful of the scenes he had just left, stand in the cold or rain, bartering with a carcass butcher for a shilling."
According to author, William Haig Miller, he even "complained bitterly of the birds robbing him of so much hay with which to build their nests."[11] Even Elwes' health was limited by expense. In common with many misers, he distrusted physicians, preferring to treat himself in order to save paying for one. He once badly cut both legs while walking home in the dark, but would only allow the apothecary to treat one, wagering his fee that the untreated limb would heal first. Elwes won by a fortnight and the doctor had to forfeit his fee. He also bore a wound from a hunting accident. Legend has it that one day he was out shooting with a gentleman who was a particularly bad shot. This same man accidentally fired through a hedge, lodging several shot in the miser's cheek. With great embarrassment and concern, the gentleman approached Elwes to apologize. But Elwes, anticipating the apology, held out his hand, and said: “My dear sir, I congratulate you on improving; I thought you would hit something in time.”
Political career [ edit ]
In 1772 with the help of Lord Craven he became a Member of Parliament for Berkshire (his election expenses amounted to a mere eighteen pence).[12] He entered the House of Commons in a by-election as a compromise candidate to replace Thomas Craven, which began the first of three terms. He held his seat unopposed until he stood down at the 1784 election. Elwes sat with either party according to his whim, and he never once rose to address the House of Commons. Fellow members mockingly observed that since he possessed only one suit, they could never accuse him of being a "turncoat". Being a member of parliament did, however, cause Elwes to frequently travel to Westminster. He made the journey on a poor lean horse, the route chosen to be always the one whereby he could avoid turnpike tolls. He was known to put a hard-boiled egg in his pocket, and midway on his journey would sit under some hedge and eat his egg or sleep. After twelve years he retired rather than face the prospect of laying out any money to retain his seat.
Moneylending [ edit ]
Despite his exceptional frugality, Elwes lost huge sums of money to his colleagues in unrepaid loans, uncollected debts and dubious investments. He believed that one did not ask a gentleman for money, regardless of the circumstances. On one notable occasion Elwes, unsolicited, lent Lord Abingdon £7,000 to enable him to place a bet at Newmarket. On the day of the race, Elwes rode on horseback to the racetrack with nothing to eat for fourteen hours save a piece of pancake which he had put into his pocket two months earlier and which he swore to a startled companion was “as good as new".
Later years [ edit ]
Marcham Park, formerly in Berkshire, from the north east.
When his parliamentary career was over, Elwes devoted his full energies to being a miser as he moved about among his many properties. At his neglected estates he continued to forbid repairs, joined his tenants in postharvest gleaning, and sat with his servants in the kitchen to save the cost of a fire elsewhere. Even on the coldest day of winter he was known to sit fireless at his meals, saying that eating was "exercise enough" to keep him warm. If a stableboy put out hay for a visitor's horse, Elwes would sneak out and remove it. In his last years he had no fixed abode and frequently shifted his residence between his unrented London properties in the neighbourhood of Marylebone seeking out the ones which were temporarily unoccupied. A couple of beds, a couple of chairs, a table, and an "old woman" (housekeeper) were said to be all his furnishings. This same housekeeper was known to frequently catch colds because there were never any fires and often no glass in the windows.
This practice nearly cost Elwes his life when he fell desperately ill in one of these houses and no one could find him. Only by chance was he rescued. His nephew, Colonel Timms, who wanted to see him, inquired in vain at Elwes's banker's and at other places. A pot boy recollected having seen an "old beggar" go into a stable at one of Elwes's uninhabited houses in Great Marlborough Street and lock the door behind him. Timms knocked at the door, but when no one answered, sent for a blacksmith and had the lock forced. According to author Edward Walford in Volume 4 of his "Old and New London" (1878):
"In the lower part (of the house) all was shut and silent, but on ascending the stairs they heard the moans of a person seemingly in distress. They went to the chamber, and there on an old pallet bed they found Mr. Elwes, apparently in the agonies of death. For some time he seemed quite insensible."[13]
He remained in this condition until some "cordials" could be administered by a neighbouring apothecary. After he had sufficiently recovered, Elwes stated that he believed he had been ill for "two or three days", and that there was an "old woman" in the house, but for some reason or other, she had "not been near him"; that she had "been ill herself", but that he supposed she must have "recovered" and "gone away". Upon searching the premises, however, Timms and the apothecary found the woman stretched lifeless on the floor, having apparently been dead for two days.
Towards the end of his life Elwes grew feverish and restless, hoarding small quantities of money in different places, continually visiting all the places of deposit to see that they were safe. He began suffering from delusion, fearing that he would die in poverty. In the night he was heard struggling with imaginary robbers, crying: "I will keep my money! I will! Don't rob me! Oh, don't!" When asked who was there?, Elwes would reply: "Sir, I beg your pardon, my name is Elwes, I have been unfortunate enough to be robbed in this house, which I believe is mine, of all the money I have in the world of five guineas and a half, and half a crown." The family doctor was sent for, and, looking at the dying miser, was heard to remark: "That man, with his original strength of constitution, and lifelong habits of temperance, might have lived twenty years longer, but for his continual anxiety about money." Even his barrister, who drew up his £800,000 will, was forced to undertake his writings in the firelight by the dying man's bedside in order to save the cost of a candle.
The famed miser was also known to sleep in the same worn garments he wore during the day. He was discovered one morning between the sheets with his tattered shoes on his feet, an old torn hat on his head, and a stick in his hand. It was in this condition he died on 26 November 1789. His burial took place in Stoke-by-Clare. After having lived on only £50 a year, Elwes left £500,000 (Approx £74,207,558 as of 2018) to his two sons who were born out of wedlock, George and John, (whom he loved but would not educate, believing that "putting things into people's heads is the sure way to take money out of their pockets") and the rest to his nephew.
The following summary of his character, by his friend and biographer, Mr. Topham:
"...his public character lives after him pure and without stain. In private life, he was chiefly an enemy to himself. To others, he lent much; to himself, he denied everything. But in the pursuit of his property, or in the recovery of it, I have it not in my remembrance one unkind thing that ever was done by him."
Besides being a member of Parliament, Elwes's accomplishments include financing the construction of a significant amount of Georgian London, including Portman Place, Portman Square, and parts of Oxford Circus Piccadilly, Baker Street and Marylebone.[14]
In an effort to prevent the erosion of gates across football, the Premier League has always forbidden the broadcast to UK audiences of its matches in the traditional Saturday afternoon time slot. At the same time overseas broadcasters have still been sold the rights to Saturday games kicking off at 3pm.
But recent High Court decisions have cited European law in overruling such deals when they place constraints on individual member states.
The Premier League's response has been to trigger “force majeure” clauses in its contracts with Nordic countries that were put in place after the “Karen Murphy case” and another wrangle involving QC Leisure, a technology supplier. In the first of these cases, a Portsmouth pub landlady was prosecuted for broadcasting games through a Greek decoder.
The outcome of the litigation has not left the League unscathed. The withdrawal of the 3pm kick-offs will reduce the offering to European broadcasters from 380 to 200. This will likely have an adverse impact on the sums received from European broadcasters, currently about £300 million of the £1.3 billion Premier League clubs receive over the three-year rights cycle.
This would have a disproportionate effect on the smaller top-flight teams, since the returns from international broadcast rights sales are divided equally between all 20 clubs.
The returns to Sky from their commercial operations, piping matches into pubs, have been diminishing in recent years. The recent developments in Scandinavian countries prevent “leakage” of what might otherwise be Sky subscriptions to overseas broadcasters.
Further evidence of this might be that some broadcasters in the European Economic Area, such as one in Greece, which previously received an English-language feed have had Anglophone commentary taken away. Both Sky and the Premier League privately deny that is the motivation.
Currently halfway through its rights cycle, the league is expected to formalise the new contractual terms in its tender documents for the three years from 2013-14. These are expected to be issued in the first half of this year.
Meanwhile Murphy returns to court on Friday, where she is likely to hear that her criminal record for copyright infringement will be overturned.
1 injured during Baytown bull run Amid 3,500 people running with the bulls, only one took a brief trip to the hospital
One man was hospitalized and a few others suffered minor injuries Saturday as roughly 3,500 people faced off with a few dozen bulls at an inaugural run in Baytown.
The Great Bull Run, held at the Royal Purple Raceway, was a spinoff of the annual event in Pamplona, Spain. Eager participants paid $70 to stand on a track for about 2 minutes, facing fear head on as the bulls ran toward them.
"Then they make their choice," said founder Rob Dickens. "Do they turn and hide? Or do they try to run?"
Sales executives, IT specialists and other thrill-seekers, ages 18 to 69, came from across the country to participate in some of the seven runs.
Chris Robertson, 25, from Houston had thought the event sounded exciting, but may have been second-guessing himself as he lay in the dirt in a fetal position after a mishap.
"I saw them coming so I started jogging, then when I looked back they were a lot closer," he said. "I got hit by one of them and went down. I was just thinking, 'Stay down, stay down.' I didn't see death, but it was one of those things where you really know you're alive."
Officials said that most of the 3,000 spectators come to see people get hurt, like rubbernecking at a car crash. At first they cheered and hollered, but the crowd fell quiet when 21-year-old Hugo Soto from Pasadena got trampled in the final race.
As he lay injured, participants surrounded him, trying to protect him from more damage.
"I did not think it was that dangerous. I did not think our day would end up like this," said Soto's cousin, Irving Garcia, as he called his aunt to tell her that her son was en route to the hospital.
Soto was treated for head injuries at Houston Methodist San Jacinto Hospital in Baytown and released after a few hours.
Organizers say it was just another day at the office for the Great Bull Run.
"Two people went to hospital in the first one in Virginia," said Dave Fanucchi, a spokesman for the event. "One person got hurt in the second one in Atlanta, so this is about equivalent."
The Atlanta injury included a broken pelvis.
Despite the danger, adrenalin-fueled activities like this seem to be on the rise, spectators said.
"These kinds of things never used to exist," said Seth Angel, general manager of the Royal Purple Raceway.
The Tough Mudder challenge drew 12,000 people to the raceway last year to run a 12-mile obstacle course that involved swimming through ice-filled containers.
Unlike the bull run, that event raises money for charity and involves some skill, stamina and training.
Many of the people at The Great Bull Run seemed to be more interested in the quick thrill.
Michael Ellis from Houston and Chris Reed from The Woodlands prepared for their experience with "beer and a fireball."
"They got real close, they brushed me but thankfully they didn't have their sights set on me," said insurance adjuster Jake Hunter.
He's going skydiving next week.
Tim Heidecker's Take on a Pepsi-sponsored Bob Dylan Tim Heidecker
It's been 10 years since comedy innovators Tim Heidecker and Eric Weirheim first broke national with their adult swim show Tom Goes to the Mayor. In the decade since they've delighted us in several mediums and formats, but we have developed a special fondness for Tim Heidecker's “leaked” Super Bowl songs. Since 2010, the eve of the Super Bowl has seen Heidecker (who successfully trolled the industry as the “new editor” of Rolling Stone a few years back) release the (alleged) “new song” that will be performed by that year's halftime act. As both a critique of commercialism and a celebration of the downright catchy, what better way to prepare for a weekend of pigskin tossing than looking back at Tim Heidecker's Super Bowl halftime classics.
See also: Your Guide to This Week's Super Bowl Concerts
The Who – 2010
For Tim Heidecker's inaugural Super Bowl “leak,” he channeled the logical multimedia evolution of rock icons The Who by re-recording their hit “Pinball Wizard” only now making the focal point of the song be the greatness of Bridgestone Tires. But, there has to be a twist, right? Well, Heidecker's vocals actually make us want to purchase Bridgestone Tires.
Black Eyed Peas – 2011
The next year, Heidecker took on the soulful sounds of the Black Eyed Peas. With a certified banger, or at least as bangin' as Casio demos can sound, Heidecker's interpretation of Taboo and Company brought back his love of Bridgestone Tires, but threw in the fun of Frito Lays as you chip-and-dip “all damn day” during your Super Bowl Party.
Madonna – 2012
The pulsating hip-hop gridiron action continued in 2012 as Heidecker gave us a new light with which to appreciate Madonna. By manipulating his voice into an unsettling Madge worble, Heidecker's Madonna was a strong independent woman not afraid to dip into cliches (beginning the song with the tired “My name is ______ and I'm here to say” that anyone who hasn't heard a rap song in 30 years still thinks all rap sounds like) and then showing her love of the game, with a passion for “throwing the ball” not heard since Kurtis Blow's very real affinity for the way basketball players “dribble up and down the court.” It concludes with a shout-out to Bud Light that I think we can all agree on.
Bob Dylan – 2013
Last year Heidecker truly upped the ante with his Super Bowl Super-Trolling. Setting things off with a fake press release stating Beyonce's hyped halftime show was going to see her replaced with rock elder statesman Bob Dylan, he included the promise that Dylan would be performing his new song “Running Out the Clock.” The absolute most spot-on Dylan parody in years, “Running Out the Clock” would have added a delightful dour tinge to the event, a thought made all the more incredible by the fake Pepsi poster accompanying the track.
Ten Metal Albums to Hear Before You Die
The Top 20 New York Hardcore and Metal Albums of All Time
The Oral History of NYC's Metal/Hardcore Crossover
Cameron Esposito is honestly hilarious and hilariously honest. She is vest-obsessed and unbeatably upbeat. These characteristics make for a live comic performance you'd be hard-pressed to find elsewhere, and lucky for us, it translates beautifully to her latest album Same Sex Symbol (out tomorrow). Esposito also runs a biweekly standup show and podcast Put Your Hands Together at UCB LA, writes a regular column for The A.V. Club entitled “Who In The World Is Cameron Esposito?“, and is pretty much constantly performing anywhere from Los Angeles to Montreal. Amidst all of this, I recently got the chance to talk with the woman whom Jay Leno personally dubbed “the future of comedy.”
So you recorded your most recent album, Same Sex Symbol, in Portland. That crowd seemed really receptive! It seemed like an amazing set.
It was awesome! Portland was a great city for me. It's a great city in general to do comedy because it's big enough and they have enough arts exposure – they're really excited about comedy and they know comics specifically by name. They have a nice scene but it's not so enormous that it's not still a treat for you to be playing there. There're a couple cities that have a balance like that, like Denver is like that, where it's just like “Oh it's so cool you're here! Thanks for being here!”
At one point while recording the album, you had an interaction with an audience member named Julep, and you devoted an entire track of the album to her. She was literally in tears of joy just from seeing you perform live. That's sweet, but is there any story behind that? Did you meet her after the show at all?
That was a thing that happened. It was real. I looked out in the audience and I could only see the first two or three rows because of the lights, but I could see that there was a woman who was just covering her face in a weird way, and I just want to make sure she was okay. My whole thing is that I'm like trying to check in with them and move together through things so I was trying to figure out what was going on and she was crying tears of joy because she got to see me. I found out later when I met her after the show that she had driven down to LA to see me tape Put Your Hands Together and she'd loved the show. Then on her way back to Portland she got in a big car accident and she, like, flipped her car and survived, but it was a really tough time and she was super scared. Then she got to see me in Portland and I think for her it was just this moment of like not only does she like my comedy enough to drive from Portland to LA but also that she made it and she got to see that next show.
That's beautiful.
It was awesome. I couldn't believe it.
And that's the other thing that's great about this album: you managed to get across how well you interact with your audience. What's particularly impressive is that a lot of comics seem fairly worn down by negativity, whereas you're so optimistic and upbeat; how do you stay that upbeat? Is that even something you can explain?
I think in the way that I work as a comic that is very natural. As a person I'm shy a little bit sometimes. I'm a little bit of an introvert. I'm definitely bubbly and outgoing but I also need a lot of time to myself and I really like to be alone.
But that to me is the whole thing: I love talking about my experience, but it's so easy for me to use comedy as a way to connect with people. I just want to find out what's important to somebody and if they bring in some negative shit, I love the magic act of turning it into a rad thing that we have in common. It's like a puzzle and I love it. It's my favorite thing about my job.
Offstage, I don't – not that I'm not as good as that but most comics are not the class clown. I'm kind of a serious person and I'm a little quiet. I'm also friendly and stuff and I just think that thing of being in control and having that power but then also using that power to lift everybody else. I just love it. It's the best.
I also noticed that between this and your last album, Grab Them Aghast, you've included a lot more personal material and jokes about your experience as a kid. Do you think you're becoming more comfortable? Are you focusing on that, or is it just happening?
Oh, it's just happening. When I was starting I was really just figuring how to be out as a person and how to be in the world and be gay because I came from a really conservative, Catholic background. So when I'm first starting doing standup, part of it was because I wanted to be onstage talking about the person I am. I couldn't do that yet, so my jokes were more surreal, they were more superficial in some ways, and now I feel like, through standup, I've figured out how to talk about myself in a way that makes me more comfortable. And now I'm just totally chill and it's a lot easier, and sometimes people are like “Do you always talk about your sexuality onstage?” And I'm like, “No, I just always talk about myself the same way that any comic does.” So the natural evolution of that is that I'm just trying to get closer and closer to what I really am. That's what people are interested in. The more specific you can be, the more universal it is. If you speak in broad strokes you miss everybody but if you're like “Are you ever terrified of this thing?” even if they're not terrified of that thing they still know terror. That's what makes us people.
From what I gather, you've been on the road a lot for the past year or so. Do you plan to keep that up and develop more stuff as you go?
You know, I always want to be traveling and doing shows, but I do have to cut down a little bit because I don't actually think it's sustainable for your bod or your personal life to be gone every weekend. And I really have been gone every weekend, so I'm definitely going to try to make it every two weeks or something like that.
I really just feel like I was trying to get great at standup, and obviously that's like a lifelong trajectory but I just felt like all this time, I'd go out to a million cities and do hours and hours so I've been trying to do that. But I also live in this great city, Los Angeles, where there are a lot of things that you can develop and work on that are a little bit more static.
You have your podcast and show Put Your Hands Together, your sci-fi podcast, your new album, and you're traveling here there and everywhere; do you have anything else that you've been incubating?
Yeah, I'm working on a book and I'm working on a show, so hopefully those things will happen.
What kind of book?
I don't want to say too much about this because I'm so superstitious, but I've been writing columns for the A.V. Club that are about standup, so that's inspired this feeling in me that maybe people are interested in me as a writer which I never anticipated. The feedback I get from it is very different from the feedback I get from standup, and I like both of them so much. So I'm working on just, like, an autobiographical book, but I'm not going to say too much more. Not because I'm being vague, but just because the minute I put it into the world that it's happening, then it's just not gonna happen! [Laughs]
You have a great written voice. I've read your stuff for the A.V. Club and obviously I'm also familiar with your comedy. You have a great voice in both contexts; it's impressive that you're able to still have such a strong personality in your writing. I feel like it's rare to have both.
Thank you! I really appreciate that. When I first moved to LA I was struck by – I came up in Chicago and you get a lot of feedback from fellow comics on a nightly basis because live performance is so important there and people really go out to shows all the time. But after moving to LA, live performance just isn't the same focus. People are working on shows, and they're traveling and things like that… I was trying to figure out a way to be connected to people, so I just put like one essay up that was about rape jokes. I was just thinking “Nothing will happen with this,” and put it up, and a bunch of people reblogged it and retweeted it. People that I think are cool, like Paul F. Tompkins or Jane Curtin, people whose opinions I really admire. Eventually, because Paul F. Tompkins retweeted it, Neil Gaiman retweeted it.
That's amazing.
Yeah, I love his stuff and just imaging the fact that this guy who I love to read was reading something that I had written. And Dan Savage is somebody who regularly reads my things and he'll give me feedback – like I love that guy. That guy helped me come out. So it's been really wild realizing that you can write a scattered piece and realize it's shareable in a different way. It's so cool because it's so immediate and only lives in the room and I love that about standup but it's also neat to have another side. One side is about experiencing a thing as a group and one of them is a solitary interaction, and I need to figure out ways to do both of those things.
So, I feel like I can't interview you without at least mentioning your interaction with Jay Leno and Craig Ferguson. Leno called you “The future of comedy.”
[Laughs] The “now” of comedy as well!
The future is now! But, yeah, one of the things I thought was peculiar about that interaction was that Leno also said “white guys are out, lesbians rule!” I feel like that describes an exclusive comedy scene that isn't representative of what we're increasingly seeing; comedy seems to be going in a direction that caters to specialized niche groups, so there's less competition on a grand, nation-wide scale and it's more about the specific market you're catering to.
Well, I think it is both extremely competitive and also that there's room for everybody. I do think that there are two things going on in equal amounts, but I think what he was kind of talking about was that the catch-all comedy sensibility is expressed in a very male, very straight, very white way. But there is now this kind of desire for “the other” that I think is happening in a really full way. It's not just Jack from Will and Grace, it's actually me being a woman, being a gay woman, a woman who speaks for herself, as opposed to being interpreted through a network or through a different actor.
So I think the democratization of comedy that has happened with the internet has made it so valuable. And now that we've realized there is a value in that, it's working the opposite way. As opposed to a network seeking out some comic or a comic seeking out some network, now it's like Key and Peele making their own YouTube videos and that being so valuable that Comedy Central was like “We better get on board with this.” That's really cool, and I do think that is happening now in a way it wasn't necessarily in the past.
Plus, now there are so many more ways of interacting with your potential audience now, so you really can't afford to be idle.
It really is the job now. I don't know even when this changed, because I think of somebody like Joan Rivers – she was doing video podcasts right up until the end. I think something about comedy is that if you want to do it with the rest of your life like that means you're going to have to reinvent yourself constantly, because you can't just do one thing. There's not just one television network anymore. There're so many different things, and this thing might fail but you still have to make money and you still have to have a job, so I just think that's why people have everything going, so that when one thing pops up and then that goes away that there's a backup plan.
Have you always been that sort of person, kind of involved in everything all at once?
Well, I think that I'm very business oriented and that's where that comes from – thinking of comedy as a business. I think some people start in standup and they loved Johnny Carson and they watched Conan all the time when they were a kid and they have like perfect jokes, and they get on stage and have to figure out like what it is to be a small business person.
I grew up in a household where my dad owned his own small business only makes money when he goes out and finds work. I just grew up with the sensibility that you have to make things for yourself. It's funny, because my sisters and I all ended up in the arts but we ended up in the arts in like a weird kind of business-y way. Like my sister works in the city of Chicago doing their arts programming and has a law degree and would apply that to the arts. So we ended up having these sensibilities but we come from this family where it's like… this strong work ethic and this need to be your boss. I'm so serious about this. I'm very serious about the business behind it, because it is like having a small business where the product is yourself. That's what being a small business is. So you have to make the product and the product has to be great but you also have to figure out how to sell it.
Absolutely, though I think a lot of people get swept up in that and sell a version of themselves that's more about what their audience wants than what they are.
Oh yeah, of course. I always want to be honest. I never want to be doing dishonest things, but also I have a weird haircut and a non-normative sexuality and I'm a woman, so I'm not necessarily plug-in-able to a network sitcom. Like nobody's looking for me, and because that's true, I kind of have to make my own stuff and that's a huge blessing and it's frustrating as hell because I wish that somebody would come help me and pluck me out of obscurity, but it's just not going to happen. So the cool thing is that I get to maintain a little bit of control and I get to decide what I'm going to put out there and I get to have fun with it and that's rad and that's also just exhausting.
What is it in the end that would make you happiest in comedy?
I want a late night talk show. [Laughs] Yeah, I think the world is ready for one. I think the world is ready for a gal. Ready for a little tiny lesbian. Get a little tiny tailored vest. I mostly want it so that somebody can pay for my tailored vests. They're great. I just think, as of right now, women have such a strong role in the daytime space but then at night it's really still a man's game in such a huge way and I love talking to people and I would love to do that job.
Phil Stamato lives and writes in New York, where he may also be seen standing up and telling jokes.
So far, the only major accomplishment of the "Occupy Wall Street" protesters is that they have finally put an end to their previous initiative, "Occupy Our Mothers' Basements."
Oddly enough for such a respectable-looking group -- a mixture of adolescents looking for a cause, public sector union members, drug dealers, criminals, teenage runaways, people who have been at every protest since the Berkeley Free Speech Movement, Andrea Dworkin look-alikes, people 95 percent of whose hair is concentrated in their ponytails and other average Democrats -- they can't even explain what they're protesting.
The protesters either treat inquiries about their purpose as a trick question, or -- worse -- instantly rattle off a series of insane causes: "No. 1, abolish capitalism; No. 2, because 9/11 was an inside job; No. 3, because Mumia is innocent ..."
Curiously, the only point universally agreed upon by the protesters and their admirers in the Democratic Party and the mainstream media is that "Occupy Wall Street" should be compared to the tea party. Yes, that would be the same tea party that has been denounced and slandered by the Democratic Party and the mainstream media for the last three years.
As a refresher: The Democratic National Committee called the tea partiers "angry mobs" and "rabid right-wing extremists." ABC said they were a "mob." CNN accused them of "rabble rousing." Harry Reid called them "evil mongers." Nancy Pelosi said they were "un-American." CNN's Anderson Cooper and every single host on MSNBC called the tea partiers a name that referred to an obscure gay sex act.
But apparently liberals couldn't even convince themselves that tea partiers were an extremist group unworthy of emulation.
At least they're embarrassed about what the OWS protesters really are: wingless, bloodsucking and parasitic. This is the flea party, not the tea party.
Contrary to all the blather you always hear about how lawless street protests and civil disobedience are part of the American tradition -- "what our troops are fighting for!" -- they are not. We are an orderly people with democratic channels at our disposal to change our government.The very reason we have a constitutional republic is because of a mob uprising. Soon after the American Revolution, Shays' Rebellion so terrified and angered Americans that they demanded a federal government capable of crushing such mobs.For nearly 200 years, Americans understood that they lived in a country capable of producing bad politicians and bad policies, but which was subject to change through peaceful, democratic means. There was no need to riot or storm buildings because we didn't have a king. We had a representative government.Even when injustice existed, there were constitutional mechanisms to right wrongs.For nearly a century after the Civil War, congressional Republicans kept introducing bills that implemented the civil rights amendments -- only to be blocked by segregationist Democrats. But then, attorney Thurgood Marshall came along and began winning cases before the Supreme Court, redeeming black Americans' constitutional rights through the judiciary.As long as a Republican sat in the White House, those victories were enforced. In 1957, President Dwight D. Eisenhower sent the 101st Airborne to Little Rock, Ark., to walk black children to school in defiance of the segregationist, Democratic governor of Arkansas, Orval Faubus -- Bill Clinton's friend.This is what our Constitution was designed for: to use the force of the federal government to uphold the law when the states couldn't (Shays' Rebellion) or wouldn't (segregationist Democrats).If Richard Nixon had won the 1960 election instead of John F. Kennedy -- as some say he did -- there never would have been a need for Rosa Parks, the Freedom Rides and the rest of the civil disobedience of the civil rights movement.But as soon as the Democrats got control of the White House, enforcement of the Supreme Court's civil rights rulings came to a grinding halt. Democrats were free to violate the Courts rulings without interference from Democratic presidents.The ingenious system given to us by our founding fathers faltered on the morally corrupt obstructionism of Democrats. They simply refused to abide by the rules -- with glee at the state level, and with cowardice at the federal level.Here, finally, was an appropriate case for nonviolent protest. There hasn't been another justification for civil disobedience in this country until the Supreme Court invented a "right" to abortion in Roe v. Wade -- another act of lawlessness by liberals.(All this and more is detailed in the smash best-seller, Demonic: How the Liberal Mob Is Endangering America !)Now liberals compare their every riot, every traffic blockage, every Starbucks-window-smashing street protest to the civil rights movement - which was only necessary because of them. These "Occupy Wall Street" ignoramuses seem to imagine they are blacks living in 1963 Alabama under Democratic governor George Wallace.To the contrary, the Wall Street protesters have no specific objections and no serious policy proposals in a country that is governed, as Abraham Lincoln put it, "by the people." They protest because they enjoy creating mayhem, not because any law is being ignored or their rights violated by government officials.They are not in the tradition of the tea partiers, much less our founding fathers. They are not in the tradition of the civil rights movement or Operation Rescue. They are in the tradition of Shays' Rebellion, the Weathermen and Charles Manson.COPYRIGHT 2011 ANN COULTERDISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK1130 Walnut, Kansas City, MO 64106
If you have not noticed, the players are not happy with the current situation of the NHL lockout. With commissioner Gary Bettman and the NHL offering the NHLPA a 50/50 revenue split on Wednesday, the concern turned to the players and why they had not accepted an offer they have stood by for the entirety of the offseason ordeal.
Ryane Clowe and Logan Couture were quick to explain the reality of the situation via Twitter Thursday.
Players will take the leagues 50/50 split all we want is to honor contacts already negotiated and signed. Players took two days to review — Ryane Clowe (@ryaneclowe29) October 18, 2012
NHL proposal and Bettman/owners take 10 minutes to review 3 of our legit proposals today — Ryane Clowe (@ryaneclowe29) October 18, 2012
Bettman/Owners have a date when they want hockey to play again and until then fans and players have to wait and listen to their web of BS — Ryane Clowe (@ryaneclowe29) October 18, 2012
When I reference owners in my tweets it's referring to 6-8 owners — Ryane Clowe (@ryaneclowe29) October 18, 2012
For people hating on the players saying take 50/50 it's fair..we offered that, as long as current contracts are honored. Fair. Gary says no — Logan Couture (@Logancouture) October 18, 2012
Be sure to check out other great articles at Bay Area Sports Talk.
100% True Tales Of A Cartoonist: Nightly Visitations
My daughter is part ninja girl. I am convinced of this. On a regular basis she will stealthily creep into my room late at night and whisper terrifying truths into my ear. Haunting secrets that erode my sanity and force me to question the very nature of reality. Often a change of shorts is required after one of these visits. Having a child's sinisterly whispered voice wake me up from a dead sleep often causes me to involuntarily crap myself in terror.
Occasionally I have the opportunity to mess with my child's fragile psyche though and I take advantage of it. Sadly my eight year old daughter is a veteran at handling her father's mad ramblings and weapon's grade BS. It doesn't even faze her anymore. In fact I'm pretty sure she finds it comforting. The child has become highly desensitized to the supernatural horrors of the world that would leave lesser men in tears.
My wife on the other hand… Well, lets just say she has a low threshold for horror and sometimes I am able to break her. I don't mean to, and I assure you I pay for it later. But sometimes I break the poor woman.
When we were dating I had her watch “Darkness Falls” with me once. It's been ten years and she is still afraid of the dark, and it's all my fault. She has never let me forget that fact.
I shouldn't take as much pride in that as I do. 🙁
Please sign our petition (see end of article) and join our Facebook group . Let's get this channel back and put a stop to YouTube's anti-Christian bias!
Skip to petition below
Two weeks ago, I was summarily informed in a brief email from YouTube that our Russian Faith channel—on which we had spent hundreds of hours of hard work and which complements the Russian Faith website, which I own, had been ‘terminated.' No reason was given other than a very general one which could mean anything.
Russian Faith is a new media project I started in September: a website, YouTube channel (now banned), Facebook, and Twitter - to cover Christian issues in general, and the huge story of the renaissance of Christianity in Russia.
This dramatic turn by both government and society in Russia is very important not just for Christians, but for the whole world, regardless of their religious views, because it has so many ramifications important to us Americans.
It should affect our foreign policy, and it contrasts with the hostility to Christian values in our own Western societies. It is a fact that Russia has emerged as the leading defender of world Christianity, and it is a disgrace that liberal forces in the US elites and the government are among Christianity's most hostile foes - both at home and abroad.
Observing the Christian renaissance in Russia first-hand while living there, I realized that this story is being badly misunderstood, misrepresented, and under-reported - another massive fail by the mainstream media. No surprises here.
When we launched, we received glowing reviews, enthusiastic support and encouragement from the public, and raised over $10,000 from hundreds of small donors in an initial crowdfund.
The videos which were banned were of the most positive character - videos about love, sacrifice and charity, about honor and respect. YouTube banned them ALL - and most incredibly - refuses to explain why !
You can view all of the videos in question below. See for yourself, they are admirable, to say the least.
A deliberate attack on free speech
I have started and managed successful YouTube channels and understand the environment very well, and it is obvious to me that this is deliberate censorship. Blocking monetization, suppression of views, and manipulation of statistics, is a huge, persistent problem, and there has been a dramatic increase over the past two months across all the big tech platforms.
I have been monitoring this with increasing alarm. If you think this is un-American, then please sign our petition below, and follow my personal pages on Facebook or Twitter. I will be talking more about these encroachments on our rights in the coming weeks and months.
I and the Russian Faith team feel violated - our constitutional rights have been trampled on, our hard work trashed. Our ability to fund this site, which we started on a shoestring thanks to hundreds of small donations from people all across America and the world, has been attacked.
Russian Faith is a labor of love - everyone involved has given and sacrificed to share good things with the world. Here is our initial crowdfund video explaining why we started this (and yes, this one was banned by YouTube too):
We've decided to fight back - and have started a petition (sign below) and other measures. If you agree that it is time for Christians of all denominations to speak up against the hostility coming from the elites who control our media and big tech platforms, please join us (see below).
Our views are socially conservative, reflecting the views of the Russian Orthodox Christian Church, which includes being critical of the LGBT movement - and I suspect that is where the problem lies (see below).
The facts:
Here is the Orwellian email:
Here is what our readers see when they visit our YouTube channel:
The censorship wreaked havoc on our website because we had embedded the videos in dozens of articles, all of which were now showing empty grey boxes where videos used to be. Many of those articles were about the videos, rendering the articles meaningless.
In many cases, we had spent hundreds of hours painstakingly translating videos which were in Russian into English, embedding the subtitles. All this was swept away with a keystroke from a nameless YouTube censor who won't even condescend to explain what his reasons were.
We will have to spend hundreds of hours fixing it all at considerable expense.
Most importantly, we had our crowdfunding video on that channel, and it had been embedded on many websites across the internet - all of this was also crippled by YouTube's arbitrary decision. And we depend on the crowdfunding to survive.
Currently, we are still unable to publish our usual volume of content because our small team has to repair all this gratuitous and unnecessary damage.
This is deliberate censorship
I am very familiar with YouTube's rules and guidelines, and I can say with absolute certainty that they discriminated against us, and treated us unfairly as if they were deliberately looking for a reason to shut us down .
The way it usually works is that if you do make a mistake, YouTube gives you a warning, which you can dispute - and only if you accumulate a certain number of these ‘strikes', and are unable to disprove them, and refuse to take the videos down, does YouTube take the drastic measure of banning your channel.
We got no such warning and had not been notified of any ‘strikes'. The ban came out of the blue.
If there were some violations on any of the videos, why didn't YouTube notify us? Why did they not give us a chance to take down the videos? Why didn't they give us a chance to dispute any complaints, if there were any? Why do they refuse to answer questions about this? Obviously, they wanted to ban the whole channel, and to stop it altogether. But why?
The banned videos:
Here are four videos which are entirely typical of everything that was banned. Links, titles, and descriptions of ALL the other videos that were on the channel are listed at the end of this article.
What is remarkable is not just that there was nothing offensive in these videos, rather that they were overwhelmingly positive - promoting ideas and values that one could only describe as admirable, regardless of your religious beliefs.
That YouTube would so zealously seek to ban them is beyond strange.
The importance of paying special attention to Jesus' words in the Bible:
How strong marriages require sacrifice:
How Russian priests during the revolution preferred death rather than renounce their faith:
Were we banned for criticism of LGBT?
The only video which I guess might have triggered YouTube was this one, an excerpt on ‘gay theology' from a Russian documentary film critical of the LGBT movement. In my opinion, it is fair and balanced.
The leftist social activism of YouTube and their pushing of the LGBT agenda on Americans who want nothing of it is notorious. But if it was that clip that upset them, why didn't they just ban that individual video? And why didn't they ask us to take it down first? And why do they refuse to answer our queries?
The hypocrisy of YouTube is appalling - while pouncing on videos like these, they allow an enormous amount of moral filth. Type in any term related to the human anatomy in YouTube search, and you will get an avalanche of what is essentially pornography. Obscenity, obscene lyrics and bizarre calls to violence in songs are all over YouTube. Here is an excellent article describing YouTube's weird double-standard.
Regulate the big tech companies - it's time
There are now thousands of reports of similar heavy-handed censorship coming from the major tech platforms in what appears to be a crack-down on dissent in any form, on the left and the right, but more on the right, including some big names, like Roger Stone, Paul Joseph Watson, Syrian Girl, Alex Jones, SouthFront, Gab, much of the Alt-Right, and now even the Russian channels RT and Sputnik.
The big tech companies tipped the scales in favor of Hillary Clinton in 2016, and now they are becoming even more blatant in their meddling.
Here is Tucker Carlson in August demanding that Google (which owns YouTube) be regulated, because it cannot be trusted. I completely agree with him.
There is talk that Trump is planning to push for regulation of the tech giants before the midterm election campaigns get underway in mid 2018. If so, it comes none-too-soon.
My message to the elites who own Youtube:
Dear Sergey Brin and Larry Page (founders and owners of Google, and controlling shareholders of YouTube), you are immigrants from the USSR. You should have more respect for the freedoms and morals of the country that took you in.
Eric Schmidt and YouTube shareholders - I hope you are reading this.
This is the digital equivalent of tyranny. It is the same as breaking and entering, and smashing equipment and property that represents hundreds of hours of hard work by honest, hard-working Americans - all to push your left-wing so-called ‘values' on people who reject them.
You have failed in your obligation to America to provide free and fair access to the views of all Americans.
You have failed in your obligation to keep smut and lechery away from our children.
It is you who have meddled in our democracy. Your behavior is un-American and harmful to our values and beliefs.
Break-up the big tech companies:
For these reasons, I call upon Washington to bring you to heel, to:
nationalize you and break up your companies with antitrust legislation,
prosecute you for violating the constitution, and
sue you for damages - which for me and the hundreds of people who sacrificed and donated to make Russian Faith happen are now all too real.
Trust me, this will happen. You curtail our freedom of speech at your own peril!
We're fighting back - join us!
I am still thinking about how to respond to all this. One thing is for sure, I would go to war for my country (I did - I am a vet), and the right that keeps us all free - the right to say openly what we believe to be true - so you better believe I'm going to fight back.
I've already begun: I've started a petition, a Facebook group, and a financial support page on a platform which supports content creators (Patreon), to help fund the creation of more and better videos and articles about Christianity in general, and the Christian revolution in Russia.
If you want to support my fight against anti-Christian censorship, then please sign the petition right here and now, join the Facebook group, and if possible make a small contribution.
Here's the petition:
The best way to get others to join us is to share this article with your friends and family by email and on social media.
If we get a good response with this initial petition sign-up, we will launch similar ones on the major online petition sites, like Change.org, Stand United, and CitizenGo.
If you don't want to sign the petition, but want to be kept informed by email:
Facebook Group: Stop Censoring Christianity! JOIN
Monthly pledge platform: (Patreon) DONATE
Paypal: DONATE
Please also follow my personal pages on Facebook and Twitter for updates.
Other things I am doing:
I'm looking into legal action, reaching out to Christian activist groups across the country, and considering doing a crowdfund to raise money to create more and better videos and articles about Christianity.
What I do depends very much on how you, the readers, respond. If you think I'm on the right track - or not, please let me know.
If you can help with any of these initiatives, for example, with legal advice, or how to launch successful online petitions, please contact me directly. We have to raise the alarm about what is happening to our country and our values.
Please speak up in the comments section below. Let's get a serious discussion going right here about what we can do to push back against this thuggish behavior.
By far, the most effective way to help: share this article and encourage friends and family to sign up.
Because we are the 99%.
Sincerely,
David Curry
Founder, publisher and owner
Russian Faith
david@russian-faith.com
David & Elizabeth Curry
Here is a list of ALL the other videos which were on the channel - ALL of them banned along with the whole channel:
(I put them on my channel because I think they are wonderful videos, I think you might find them fun to watch. I've either reloaded them onto my personal YouTube account or found them elsewhere on YouTube.)
The Bears' 2015 season finished about where many people expected it to, with a record of 6-10 and a lot of room for improvement. The offense, under offensive coordinator Adam Gase, played a conservative style of football that limited quarterback Jay Cutler's mistakes and helped his decision making in the pocket. On the other side of the ball, a thrown-together defensive roster coached by Vic Fangio was able to make strides towards competency despite the lack of star power.
Now it's 2016, and with training camp well under way, it's time to take a look at the changes made during the offseason by the Bears, and to predict the coming season game by game.
Offseason
The Bears had a fairly active offseason, gaining and losing players on both sides of the ball to the point that the roster now looks significantly different from this time last year. On the defensive side of the ball, General Manager Ryan Pace added several players who can immediately contribute to the team, and for a pretty good price on all of the deals involved. As someone who grew up watching lead Lovie Smith's dominant defense and who listened to talk of the Monsters of the Midway, it's hard not to get a little excited seeing the defense come together on paper. I believe that Danny Trevathan and Pernell McPhee, along with first round draft pick Leonard Floyd, can and will be the heart of this defense for years, and the other pieces in place on that side of the ball will make the Bears defense a tougher opponent than what they've been the past few years.
On the offensive side of the ball, the losses there could potentially outweigh the gains, and the effects will certainly be felt early on. Offensive Coordinator Adam Gase left for a head coaching gig with the Dolphins, which means that once again Jay Cutler has a new coordinator. Luckily the Bears promoted quarterbacks coach Dowell Loggains to offensive coordinator, so there will be some continuity with the scheme for Jay. That being said, Jay and Gase had a good rapport, so something may be lost in the transition. Martellus Bennett was traded to the New England Patriots, which gives them a pretty potent combo at TE if Bennett can focus on not dropping the ball and actually giving some effort every once in a while. Matt Forte and Matt Slauson were let go into free agency, decisions that are still being questioned today. Forte was signed by the New York Jets, and Slauson will be the starting center for the San Diego Chargers. Both of those players had a veteran presence that will be hard to replace, and Slauson's absence will be even more felt now that Hroniss Grasu is out for the season with a right ACL tear. The Bears have tried to add depth at offensive line during the offseason, both through the draft and free agency. However, two of those depth line signings have retired since signing their deals, which leaves the team in a dangerous position right now up front. Another injury to a starter could leave an already shaky line in a decidedly bad position. The good news is that Cody Whitehair seems to be progressing well, and some of the other new Bears are coming into their own, including 7th round Western Michigan wide receiver Daniel Braverman. Overall, the offense is a bigger question mark than the defense in my opinion, and it'll take the preseason to even guess how they will fare.
Game Predictions
Week 1: @ Houston Texans (0-0)
This is going to be a tough week one for the Bears, facing a strong Texans front seven and a revamped offense led by Brock Osweiler. I think this will be a close game, but the home-field advantage on week 1 gives the edge to the Texans. Chalk this up as a Bears loss to start the season.
Week 2: vs. Philadelphia Eagles (0-1)
The Bears home opener is on a Monday night, and is against a team that is currently perceived to be in a bit of a tailspin. While the game won't be a blowout, I think this will be a comfortable win at home to even out the record. Chicago gets their first win and improves to .500.
Week 3: @ Dallas Cowboys (1-1)
This game to me depends entirely on the health of Tony Romo. If Romo is healthy, then the Cowboys will win a close game. If Romo isn't healthy, then the Bears will win this one. As it stands, Romo is healthy, so I'll give this one to the Cowboys in a hard fought battle of QB's with undeserved reputations.
Week 4: vs. Detroit Lions (1-2)
The Lions aren't going to sweep the Bears again this year. They shouldn't have swept last year, but thanks to Golden “Everything I touch is a catch regardless of who ends up with the ball” Tate and a crucial uncalled holding penalty, the Lions escaped in Ford Field. Now that they've driven another great away in Megatron, the Lions have nobody that will be able to consistently draw secondary attention. Bears win easily at home.
Week 5: @ Indianapolis Colts (2-2)
Sorry Colts fans, but I just don't see a juggernaut team this year. The defense is suspect, particularly the pass rush, which is nonexistent in my opinion. The offensive line has the potential to be decent, but they are far from a sure thing. The biggest unknown in this is Andrew Luck, who could ball out this year with the formidable weapons at his disposal, or he could regress to the level he was playing at last year. For this game in particular, the Colts are coming off of a long London trip. It'll be a good game, but the Bears will take advantage of the trip to pull out the win, beating the Colts for the 3rd straight time.
Week 6: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars (3-2)
Although this is a home game for the Bears, I'm honestly pretty high on the Jags this season. Bortles is growing into a great quarterback, and he has a few weapons to play with. The defense also improved markedly, so this could be a game that the Bears end up losing. A late game touchdown by Bortles will win it for Jacksonville.
Week 7: @ Green Bay Packers (3-3)
This is a Thursday game, so the Bears have a short week to prepare for this. It's also at Lambeau. Now, don't get me wrong, the Bears fan in me wants to say that Chicago will win like they did on Thanksgiving ( the best Thanksgiving ever), but I don't see it this time around. Packers will take this one.
Week 8: vs. Minnesota Vikings (3-4)
Minnesota has one of the best defenses in the league, and a growing Teddy Bridgewater has an improved offensive line along with a solid receiver in rookie Laquon Treadwell. The Bears will put up a valiant effort at home, but the Vikings will end up winning in the end. This puts Chicago on a 3 game losing streak, and will definitely have fans questioning the effectiveness of the rebuild.
Week 9: Bye
This is the perfect time for a bye week, as this will allow the team to reload for a weaker part of the schedule. Coming off of a 3 game losing streak, and with confidence in the team potentially faltering, a bye week at this crucial junction will be perfect for Chicago to bounce back for the second half of the season
Week 10: @ Tampa Bay Buccaneers (3-5)
If there is a time for the Bears to turn this season around, it will be against a rising Tampa Bay and coming off of a bye week. While the Bucs have improved behind Jameis Winston and a roster that is developing more and more experience as a unit, the sudden release of Lovie Smith will end up doing more harm than good. Chicago makes like Winston at a Publix and steals one from right under the Bucs' noses.
Week 11: @ New York Giants (4-5)
In my opinion, the Giants didn't do enough to improve in the right areas. While Eli Apple will certainly help the secondary down the road, I can't see the defense being a dominant force. The Bears will win this one as well, clawing their way back to .500 in a relatively high scoring contest.
Week 12: vs. Tennessee Titans (5-5)
The Titans aren't there just yet. They have all of the tools to successfully rebuild in a couple of years, and with the weapons Mariota has he could be something special. But the defense won't be able to keep up with most NFL teams this year, and Chicago will be no exception. Chicago is above .500 after a convincing win against the last team in the AFC South, breaking even against that division for the year.
Week 13: vs. San Francisco 49ers (6-5)
If anybody can help Colin Kaepernick return to his previous levels of play, it is Chip Kelly. The 7torm was built for a Kelly offense and the two could really complement each other well. However, the rest of that team is not built for long term success, and they need to hit the reset button on that franchise in order to even approach their success under the khaki colored Harbaugh regime. By this time, the Bears will have gelled as a unit and make quick work of San Francisco.
Week 14: @ Detroit Lions (7-5)
While Detroit will still have trouble this season, the Bears won't sweep any of their division rivals. Something will happen at Ford Field, and the Lions will split the series with Chicago. Potentially next season a sweep could happen.
Week 15: vs. Green Bay Packers (7-6)
This is the Bears' chance for revenge against the Packers, and a chance to win one at home against the Green and Gold for the first time in a while. It's a chance the Bears won't waste, as the edge out Green Bay to win at Soldier Field and split the series with the second of their divisional rivals. The Packers' flaws on their rosters will have been exposed by now, and even Rodgers won't be able to drag his team along to the same level of dominance.
Week 16: vs. Washington (8-6)
No Kirk, I don't like that. Washington was able to barely beat the Bears last season, and the home team will be looking for some payback with an improved defense. A convincing win for Chicago, but not a blowout, and the Bears are still in the hunt for a playoff position at 9-6.
Week 17: @ Minnesota Vikings (9-6)
The Bears love ruining the opening of other teams' stadiums, so if this game would've been in the beginning of the season, I may have given it to them. Unfortunately this is at the very end of the season, and the Vikings have plenty of time to get those boogeymen out of the way. Chicago will be swept by the Vikings, who claim the division title. This loss will leave Chicago on the outside looking in when it comes to the playoff picture. They won't be in control of their own destiny, and will need outside help to secure a Wild Card spot.
Final record: 9-7
Outlook: The Bears will obviously have improved over last season, winning games against tough opponents and not falling into trap games. This is consistent with Fox's coaching career, and will set the Bears up in a position to make a playoff run in the next couple of years. The rebuild isn't over yet, so there will still be growing pains, but we will see a much better Chicago Bears team in 2016.
Advertisements
Update (December 19, 2016): Since the time of publication, Nam "LirA" Tae-yoo has reneged on the signing with Team Vitality due to his reaction to the new location and team, sources say. He is being replaced in the jungle by Lee "GBM" Chang-seok, according to sources.
Former Afreeca Freecs jungler Nam "LirA" Tae-yoo is set to join European League of Legends squad Team Vitality, sources close to the player and organization tell ESPN.
Editor's Picks The 2017-2018 League of Legends Roster Shuffle season is upon us. Keep track of all the big moves in League of Legends on our roster shuffle page.
Vitality drops KaSing Team Vitality support player KaSing will no longer continue with the organization, according to a report. In his place, the team is trying out former KT Rolster player Hachani. 1 Related
LirA will replace former Vitality junglers Ilyas "Shook" Hartsema and Kim "Mightybear" Min-su, the former who left the team on Nov. 21 and the latter who was given permission to seek other offers. He comes as the team's second choice, as they heavily pursued former Immortals jungler Kim "Reignover" Yeu-jin, who ultimately signed with North America's Team Liquid several weeks ago instead, according to sources.
LirA joins the team following its courtship of former KT Rolster support Ha "Hachani" Seung-chan, who is expected to sign with the team and replace Raymond "kaSing" Tsang in the coming days, as reported by L'Equipe and confirmed by ESPN.
The remaining pieces of Vitality -- top laner Lucas "Cabochard" Simon-Meslet and mid laner Erlend "Nukeduck" Våtevik Holm -- are expected to re-sign prior to the next season to compete with the team in 2017. The team picked up a new AD carry, former Team ROCCAT Pierre "Steeelback" Medjaldi, on Sep. 21.
Vitality failed to qualify for the League of Legends World Championship this season after taking seventh in the summer split, which did not reward a berth into the European regional finals. The team, which first entered the space with the purchase of Gambit Gaming in late 2015, will now move on to its second year in the League Championship Series.
Team Vitality declined to comment on this report.
Keep tabs on the League of Legends offseason roster shuffle with updated, insider information on our landing page.
After the NFL and HBO had a devil of a time finding a team to agree to be on Hard Knocks, owners passed a new rule. Now the league can force a team to admit HBO cameras into their training camp unless that team a)has a new head coach, b)made the playoffs in one of the previous two seasons, or c)already appeared on the show in the last 10 years.
Well into the playoffs, and with all the coach firings completed, we can now figure out which teams are exempt from appearing on next year's edition. Thankfully we don't have to! Reader Ryan did the dirty work.
The NFL can force these teams to appear on Hard Knocks in 2014:
Bears
Bills
Cardinals
Giants
Jaguars
Raiders
Rams
Steelers
In case you're wondering why each of the remaining 24 are safe, Ryan showed his work. (Thanks, Ryan!) Remember, any of these franchises could still choose to be on Hard Knocks, they can't be forced into it.
Advertisement
Bengals (playoffs/previous appearance)
Broncos (playoffs)
Browns (coach)
Buccaneers (coach)
Chargers (playoffs)
Chiefs (playoffs/previous appearance)
Colts (playoffs)
Cowboys (previous appearance)
Dolphins (previous appearance)
Eagles (playoffs)
Falcons (playoffs)
49ers (playoffs)
Jets (previous appearance)
Lions (coach)
Packers (playoffs)
Panthers (playoffs)
Patriots (playoffs)
Ravens (playoffs)
Redskins (playoffs/coach)
Saints (playoffs)
Seahawks (playoffs)
Texans (playoffs/coach)
Titans (coach)
Vikings (playoffs/coach)
Oil and gas exploration never brought much benefit to Ireland's economy for reasons only worth exploring if you have very low blood pressure – I'll just refer you to the excellent ‘Atlantic' documentary and move on.
But renewable energy generation in our massive territorial waters could be a serious boon for our economy and environment for years to come if managed properly.
The next generation of floating windfarms will see a huge growth in our ability to harness the incredible wind resources we have off the west coast and companies are actively scouting locations to set up.
A recent partnership between Irish firm Gaelectric and French company Ideol has led them to investigate several sites in Irish waters for short-term precommercial and long-term commercial-scale projects.
Gaelectric founding shareholder Brendan McGrath said “In Ireland, we are blessed with significant reserves of wind energy, which are having very tangible impacts in driving energy prices down and improving the sustainability of electricity generation. The development of onshore wind projects is well understood.”
“However, the potential for offshore generation is enormous and holds the prospect of significant benefits for Ireland. Offshore wind speeds are faster and more consistent. We should also be able to deploy larger turbines with the prospect of moving up to 10 MW turbines from the onshore levels, which are currently in the region of 2–3 MW.”
“A sustainable renewable energy industry could be a massive boost to western towns and ports. A fully commercial-scale offshore project of 500 MW capacity has the potential to create up to 2,500 construction jobs with a further 200 in maintenance” according to Mcgrath.
These are the sorts of numbers that could breathe new life into a coastal community. A decade on many are still dealing with the effects of the economic downturn while others feel hamstrung by difficult fishing quotas. What coastal town wouldn't welcome a new industry that would need to invest heavily in the harbour?
Of course it's not just about economics. The world is moving away from fossil fuels and Ireland has EU greenhouse gas reduction targets to meet; 20% below 2005 levels by 2020, though the EPA projects emissions will only be 4-6% below by then. As Ireland further decarbonises, it will require more and more low-carbon electricity. Only offshore wind energy can realistically supply the significant amounts of green electricity required.
Companies trying to harness the energy are still working out how it's going to work. In the meantime Ireland needs to work out how to make this work for benefit of the whole country.
Ireland, rather incredibly, has a second opportunity to go into the energy production industry with potential for energy exports. Managed well we could see a sustainable new industry for towns on the west coast and substantial benefits for the whole economy.
We owe it to ourselves, and are obligated to future generations, to get this one right.
Over 25 years of RUG CLEANING EXPERIENCE We have the know-how your rug needs. We offer rug pick up and delivery anywhere in San Diego County. We have the lowest prices on professional rug cleaning in San Diego. Get high-quality rug cleaning at unbeatable prices with San Diego Rug Cleaning & Repair.
WHY CHOOSE US?
San Diego Rug Cleaning & Repair High Quality Area Rug Cleaning and Expert Rug Repair Services
Why Choose Us Helping maintain rugs and keeping them in great condition is our passion. We offer unbeatable professional rug cleaning prices in San Diego. Call us for a quote today. Who We Are San Diego Rug Cleaning & Repair has been operating in the rug industry since 1992. From rug cleaning, rug repair and sales to even the actual manufacturing of rugs, we've done it all and continue to do so. What Our Clients Say "Seriously, they are as good as it gets. The owner really knows his stuff and devotes a lot of care to his services. His work completely revitalized my rug." Steve Romari
We specialize in the cleaning and complete repair of domestic and international handmade area rugs including Kilims, Tribal Rugs, Persian Rugs, Silk Rugs, Chinese Rugs, Oriental Rugs , Afghan Rugs, Pakistani Rugs, Turkish Rugs, Indian Rugs and machine made area rugs . If you think your rug or area rug is too dirty to be cleaned or too damaged to get repaired please give us a call. In our eyes, no rug is beyond repair or cleaning. We have the knowledge and expertise to make your rug look amazing and last forever! We are the most respected rug repair & area rug cleaning company in San Diego . Many San Diego rug retailers including Outrageous Rugs and Rug Expo turn to us for all their rug cleaning needs. With 25 plus years in the rug industry and the lowest prices in San Diego , we are San Diego county's most referred rug cleaning and rug repair company. Visit our about us page for more info. We are a family owned and operated business that are truly loyal to all of our wonderful customers in San Diego County. Give us a call or come into our store and we'll show you why we're San Diego 's premier rug cleaning specialist.
What We do Rug Handwashing
Moth Damage Repair
Pet Odor Removal
Re-fringing
Rug Reweaving
Rug Resizing
Rug Patching
Rug Coloring
Rug Dying The Premier Area Rug Cleaning and Rug Repair company in San Diego! Call us now for a R ug Repair or A rea Rug Cleaning quote.
San Diego Rug Cleaning & Repair serves all serves all of San Diego County including Mira Mesa, La Jolla, Rancho Bernardo, Rancho Penasquitos, Del Mar and all surrounding areas.
Be sure to visit our San Diego Rug Cleaning Blog. ​ Some elements on this page did not load. Refresh your site & try again.
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) on Monday criticized the tax-reform framework released last week by Trump administration officials and congressional GOP leaders after a think tank issued a report finding that many middle-class taxpayers could see their taxes go up.
"This is a GOP tax plan? Possibly 30% of middle class gets a tax hike? I hope the final details are better than this," Paul said in a tweet that included a link to the study from the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center (TPC).
This is a GOP tax plan? Possibly 30% of middle class gets a tax hike? I hope the final details are better than this. https://t.co/lcjkI4YRz8 — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) October 2, 2017
The TPC's analysis found that by 2027, almost 30 percent of taxpayers with income between about $50,000 and $150,000 would see their taxes increase under the framework that the White House and congressional GOP leaders released last week.
In total, about 25 percent of taxpayers would see higher taxes under the GOP's plan by 2027, TPC said.
ADVERTISEMENT
The chairmen of the congressional tax-writing committees have taken issue with the TPC's report, criticizing the assumptions the paper's authors used.
“This so-called study is misleading, unfounded, and biased. TPC makes a variety of overreaching and unrealistic assumptions about policy decisions Members of Congress still have to make as we draft pro-growth tax legislation," House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady Kevin Patrick BradySmaller tax refunds put GOP on defensive Key author of GOP tax law joins Ernst and Young Lawmakers beat lobbyists at charity hockey game MORE (R-Texas) said in a statement.
The tax framework is designed to provide guidelines for the tax-writing panels as they write legislation.
The plan would collapse the current seven individual brackets to three, of 12 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent. It also leaves the door open for an additional rate above 35 percent for the wealthiest taxpayers. Additionally, the plan calls for nearly doubling the standard deduction and expanding the child tax credit while eliminating most itemized deductions.
TOKYO (Reuters Life!) - The 14 felines-in-residence at Tokyo's Cat Cafe Calico excel at their job of making customers purr with delight.
"Ichigo", one of the cats customers can play with at the Cat Cafe Calico, enjoys a scratch from a visitor in western Tokyo December 3, 2007. Calico is one of at least three cafes that have opened up in Tokyo this year where visitors can mingle with cats as they enjoy a cup of tea. Picture taken December 3, 2007. REUTERS/Michael Caronna
“This place isn't on my way from work, but even if I'm pretty tired, I'd still stop by,” said 32-year-old system engineer and a Calico regular Kazunori Hamanaka, as he tried to take a photo of a white and brown Bengal cat curling up in a box.
“Stray cats run away when I try to stroke them. Here, it's great that I can do that,” said Hamanaka, who is unable to keep pets at home.
He takes about 200 photos on each visit for his blog.
Calico is one of at least three cafes that have opened up in Tokyo this year where visitors can mingle with cats as they enjoy a cup of tea.
Takafumi Fukui, the 34-year-old owner and a long-time cat lover, quit his job at a television game company and started the cafe in March.
“In Tokyo, it's not that easy to have cats,” he said, explaining that tight housing regulations often forbid pets.
Visitors to Calico pay 800 yen ($7) an hour or 2,000 yen for three hours in a big room where 14 well-brushed and shampooed cats hang out. After a thorough handwash, the visitor can play with the cats, read comics or just relax.
The clean, odorless cafe — Calico has six air fresheners and the litter trays are out of sight — gets about 70 visitors a day during the week and 150 a day at weekends.
“I want everyone to forget about their jobs and relax,” Fukui said, adding that the majority of visitors to Calico are working women and children, and about 70 percent overall don't own cats due to allergies or housing regulations.
None of Calico's cats are strays, but the cafe puts up posters for abandoned cats seeking homes. Pet dumping is a problem in Japan, where about 240,000 cats and 160,000 dogs without owners are gassed each year, government data showed.
The Calico cats are fortunate to have their admirers.
“It is really soothing,” Hamanaka said about his frequent visits. “Even three hours is not enough.”
Former UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones will not go before a grand jury on an alleged hit-and-run just yet, but prosecutors expect to move forward on his case.
The prosecutor in charge of the ex-titleholder's case lacks two key pieces of evidence to move forward: medical records for the accident's alleged victim and dispatch reports from the Albuquerque Police Department, according to the public information officer for the Bernalillo County (N.M.) District Attorney.
While a 60-day deadline to move forward on Jones' case expires today, the prosecutor can still pursue charges against him. If the prosecutor's office had met the deadline, the case would have gone before a grand jury, which would then decide whether or not to indict him and proceed with a criminal trial.
“Proceeding on a case without complete discovery could result in the likely dismissal of the case altogether,” wrote district attorney PIO Kayla Anderson in an email to MMAjunkie. “We have requested both pieces of outstanding evidence and anticipate moving forward when we have a completed case investigation.”
Jones, 27, faces a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident involving death or serious injury after he was identified at the scene of an April 27 accident that reportedly left a 25-year-old pregnant woman with a broken arm.
This past November, the New Mexico Supreme Court ordered state prosecutors to provide all of its findings to defense attorneys at or before a person was arraigned. The rule was designed to “address the efficient delivery of justice and the speedy trial rights of defendants” and eliminate overcrowding in jails.
But in this case, because Jones is not currently in jail, the conditions of his release, ordered by a judge in April, expire.
“The State is not required to file any additional documents with the Court, as the defendant is currently not in custody,” Anderson wrote. “His conditions of release, set previously by the court, will expire as a result of the 60-day deadline.
Jones (21-1 MMA, 15-1 UFC), 27, turned himself in to Albuquerque police one day after he allegedly ran a red light in a rented SUV, struck a car driven by Vanessa Sonnenberg, and returned to the scene to grab a handful of cash before again fleeing. Jones, who was identified at the scene by an off-duty cop, was released on a $2,500 cash bond.
Among other items, police found Jones memorabilia in the rental car and a marijuana pipe with marijuana inside it. Documents linked the car to his fiancee, Jesse Moses.
In his first court appearance, Jones entered no plea and was ordered not to violate any laws, though a judge lifted a travel restriction. That technically cleared him for a then-scheduled fight with Anthony Johnson (19-5 MMA, 10-5 UFC) this past month at UFC 187, but the UFC removed him from the card and stripped him of the belt. Daniel Cormier (16-1 MMA, 5-1 UFC), whom Jones defeated in January at UFC 182 for his eighth title defense, was installed as Johnson's opponent and went on to win the the title.
In addition to having his belt stripped, Jones' sponsorship with official UFC apparel provider Reebok was terminated. He later tweeted to his followers, “Got a lot of soul searching to do. Sorry to everyone I've let down.”
UFC President Dana White said Jones will get an immediate title shot when he returned to the cage.
For more on UFC's upcoming schedule, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
The Angle True North Elite: Aggression, Intensity, and Telling Others to F— Off by Matt Privratsky on 3 April 2017
While much has been made of Minnesota United's first supporters' group, the Dark Clouds, True North Elite is an alternative supporters' group with a harder edge. A much harder edge. Supporters groups may not be for everyone, and True North Elite, for better or worse, seem to thrive on not being for everyone and actually enjoying getting in peoples faces.
As Minnesota United FC prepared for its first matches of the 2017 season, nearly everything seemed new. The club is playing in a new league (Major League Soccer), with a new head coach (Adrian Heath), in a new home venue (TCF Bank Stadium), with a roster primarily comprised of new players. Some of the most notable holdovers from Minnesota's previous campaigns may be the fans themselves. While the Dark Clouds may have a longer history and larger profile, True North Elite aren't afraid to make themselves heard.
I remember looking at Mykel [Hosek], a co-founder, and saying, ‘Don't you feel like you could get punched in the face at any given moment?' and he was like ‘yeah.' I loved it.” -Nicholas Bisbee
Justin Davis, one of a few players who was a Loon before the move to MLS, has definitely noticed.
“I think without them this isn't what it is,” Davis says. “Given where the game is today in the U.S., you need those supporters groups. Without those guys, why do you even come to work?”
Back to where it started
For the guys at True North Elite, the opening match in Portland was something of a reunion. As TNE co-founder Nicholas Bisbee tells it, it was the energy at a Portland match a few years ago that made them realize what they were missing.
“The tension in the air was so thick,” Bisbee says. “It felt like the whole scene was tapering on the edge of violence at all times. I remember looking at Mykel [Hosek], a co-founder, and saying, ‘Don't you feel like you could get punched in the face at any given moment?' and he was like ‘yeah.' I loved it.”
When True North Elite was founded, the group was focused entirely on creating an intense gameday atmosphere. They liked what other fans were doing to support the club and ultimately thought a more aggressive edge was the only thing missing. Or, as Phil Cross (another co-founder) puts it, “The biggest thing for us was intensity. We wanted a supporter culture that was intense for every minute of every match.”
“Louder is gooder”
At TCF Bank Stadium, members of True North Elite stand shoulder-to-shoulder with members of the Dark Clouds in the supporters section behind the east goal. For Abe Opoti, a Dark Clouds board member and capo, the intensity is a good thing.
“The fun thing is looking over when they're really fired up and Nicholas and Mykel are storming up and down in front of the section trying to get everyone as fired up as possible,” Opoti says. “The greater number of supporters we can have, the better the experience is going to be.”
Loud in the 9,000-seat National Sport Center in Blaine was one thing. However, with the move to the temporary 55,000-seat home at TCF Bank Stadium, supporters have to kick it into another gear to make themselves heard.
Opoti put it simply, “Louder is gooder.”
“The whole clever not crude mantra seemed a little campy to us. It feels really good to tell someone to fuck off. I don't want it to be clever. I want it to be plain spoken. Fuck. Off.”
– Nicholas Bisbee
The cider chug heard 'round the world
MNUFC full back Justin Davis agreed that the change of venue is challenging. But he also sees his years of playing in Blaine as a real asset.
“I think it was special up in Blaine because it built the connection between the fans and the players,” Davis says. “It really helped bring us to this moment now. Hopefully we can keep an aspect of that as things get bigger.”
In particular, Davis wouldn't mind continuing his tradition of robbing True North Elite members of their hard cider.
Live & breathe for this club pic.twitter.com/n3zNpfh6OL — True North Elite (@TrueNorthElite) August 18, 2016
“It wasn't even with them to start with,” Davis says. “It was a guy named Matt [Fitzke], and I stole his drink first. Then, they took it and it kind of just evolved into this whole thing. Everyone seemed to like it, and now other guys have jumped in on it. Carl [Craig] jumped in on it, so we'll see what Adrian's up to.”
For Bisbee, connections like that are what make pouring his heart and soul into each and every match.
“We'd break our backs just to have five minutes, and they get to do it for a living,” Bisbee says. “When you see Justin Davis come sprinting over to our section to chug ciders and wrap you up in a bear hug, it's all worth it.”
“We like the Dark Clouds,” Cross says. “We appreciate what they've brought, but we wanted to be able to create our own supporters group.” As the group that came second, True North Elite have had to respond to the question about how they're different from the Dark Clouds at every turn. The answer from Cross really isn't that complicated.
Bisbee put it bluntly.
“The whole clever not crude mantra seemed a little campy to us. It feels really good to tell someone to fuck off,” Bisbee says, bluntly. “I don't want it to be clever. I want it to be plain spoken. Fuck. Off!”
It wasn't the first, it won't be the last
With that bluntness, there have been times that the True North Elite have offended others. They hold a strange juxtaposition in being in your face and yet have strong rules to never cross the line to violence, homophobia, racism, or sexism.
When Miami FC trounced Minnesota at the National Sports Center last August, the first of the four unanswered goals was scored by former Loons midfielder Jonny Steele. True North Elite started harassing Steele whenever he got close to their section.
“Where'd your beard go, where'd your beard go, where'd your beard go Jonny Steele – piece of shit,” they sang. According to Bisbee, Steele fired back by giving both the Dark Clouds and True North Elite the finger.
As the game wore into the second half, Bisbee says someone told TNE that Steele had been (editor's note: allegedly) using the term puto (an anti-gay slur) toward the Minnesota United bench. At the end of the match, Bisbee and other TNE members rushed the tunnel barricades where children were lined up to get autographs. According to some witnesses, they pushed through anyone in their way and started screaming and swearing at Miami, and Steele specifically, as they exited the field.
The incident was a combination of things, Bisbee explained. “Some of it was the frustration from the 4-0 loss and another part was our intolerance of homophobia. It's a hard line you have to draw sometimes. There are often times when choice words, especially in the confines of a sporting event, are just fine. Kids are going to hear swear words, they hear worse on the playground. We all did.”
A father of two, Bisbee said it's a good opportunity to talk to your children about certain behaviors and appropriate use of language as well as the time and place where it's done. When asked about the words mixed with anger, Bisbee has no problem with it.
“We tell our children to use words, not fists,” Bisbee says. “To get angry and insult someone is not out of place. It has it's moments. To call someone a piece of shit or to fuck off, I think that's fine. It's professional sports, but in soccer you are just going to hear it in a much more unified voice.”
True North Elite has had a number of flash points over the last two years. “Our group is young and still learning,” Bisbee says. He points to an English chant they often used with the words, “put them up against the wall and shoot them.” True North Elite — unfortunately — used the chant right after the Orlando night club shooting and many in the crowd where appalled. When approached with that and seeing the hurt in people's eyes, Bisbee said he felt bad and apologized.
“We have owned up to our mistakes. It wasn't our first mistake and it certainly won't be our last,” Bisbee says. “How we learn from that without losing our edge, without losing the aggression that makes us the supporters group that we are, that's a line we will always walk.”
Brian Quarstad contributed to this report.
True North Elite: We Are United from Christopher Behnen on Vimeo.
FiftyFive.One is now on Patreon. Do you like the independent coverage of soccer news from Minnesota and beyond that FiftyFive.One offers? Please consider becoming a patron.
Tags: Minnesota United, MLS, Supporters Culture, True North Elite
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- A metro teenager says she was fired from her job, after questioning why she didn't make as much as her male coworker. The teen was hired at Pizza Studio in the Legends but was fired an hour later after asking her boss about her wage. Friday night, metro lawyers say she could have a pretty big lawsuit on her hands.
Seventeen-year-old Jensen Walcott was excited about her interview at Pizza Studio in the Legends Outlet Mall, especially after hearing one of her good friends, 17-year-old Jake Reed had just been hired the same day.
“She sent me a message like omg I have an interview at 3,” Reed said.
Jensen was interviewed and hired on the spot.
“She said good news, you got the job,” Jensen said.
Jensen left immediately and called Jake to share the news, they'd be working together.
“We were excited. We were super excited.”
But soon, that excitement turned to confusion after Jake told her, he was making $8.25 an hour. She was hired for $8 an hour. The two are the same age, have the same amount of experience and were hired for the same position. Jensen thought for sure it was just a mix up and called her new boss, asking why her wage differed from Jake's. The manager put her on hold.
“I was like maybe when I'm on hold right now, she will just offer me 8.25 and everything is gonna be good but... she didn't do that,” Jensen said.
The manager got back on the phone and told Jensen she was fired because discussing wages is against its policy.
“She said you're fired. Basically just like a 10 second phone call,” Reed said.
Both teens were terminated hours after being hired, for discussing their wages.
“At any point did they say to you, do not discuss this, it is our policy?” FOX 4's Megan Brilley asked.
“No. Not once,” the two teens said.
“At face value it appears, that the young lady was terminated because she complained about unequal wages. That's illegal,” said attorney David White.
White says the National Labor Relations Board has given guidance saying you can discuss wages. White believes Jensen may have a claim for retaliation.
“Probably what happened- they're teenagers. They didn't think they'd complain,” White said.
On the contrary. Jensen doesn't know if she will file any official action. She just wants to know, why she wasn't given the same pay as her friend.
“They should definitely be ashamed of themselves,” she said.
FOX 4 did reach out to Pizza Studio. We explained the situation to corporate reps, who said the incident “sounded strange.” The representative said he would get to the bottom of it and call FOX 4 back. He never did.
Being pregnant in New York is like being an extra in the movie “Groundhog Day.”
Each morning you wake up hoping for something different, only to find you are surrounded by the same fools doing the same ridiculous things.
For the past eight months I have been this “Groundhog Day” extra, giving people the benefit of the doubt only to be rudely slapped by the reality of their mind-numbing selfishness and self-involvement.
Like so many here in NYC, I am a career woman. I'm not a feminist by any means, but neither do I demand a steady stream of chivalry from my fellow New Yorkers.
However, I have always been more traditional in my own behavior.
This probably stems from being raised by a mother who taught me to be independent, but also giving and empathetic to others.
For example, if I see an elderly person with a heavy bag, I will offer to carry it. Usually when I approach they think I want to mug them — but once we clear that up, they're pleasantly surprised by the offer.
If I see a parent with kids, a stroller or a baby strapped to their chest, I offer my seat on the subway. The same applies to the disabled, pregnant or elderly.
Basic etiquette: You give up your seat.
Or so I thought.
Now, as a pregnant person myself, I have been shoved while available seats are bum-rushed by eager teenagers fixated on their smartphones.
Perhaps what's most amusing is the sudden interest seated people on a subway find in their shoes, purse, phone, newspaper, etc. when a pregnant person is standing in front of them.
Suddenly my huge pregnant belly is invisible as they pretend to not see me swinging from the handrail above and maintaining my balance while straddling their incredibly interesting shoes.
In stores, people are annoyed I'm not moving down the aisle fast enough. I had no idea that the pressure was on in Rite Aid or the supermarket to get out of the store as fast as possible.
Is there some sort of discount awarded to the first person who can get into the checkout line?
And I would be remiss if I left out the sidewalk wars.
It's hard enough getting around this overcrowded city. But couple that with the summer heat and those individuals who walk in what I call “four-ply.” Like a roll of paper towels they just stretch across the pavement absorbing all the space.
These people think they own the sidewalk, and nobody — certainly not some pregnant lady — is going to break through their wall of pavement-hogging flesh.
Then there are those whose faces are buried in their iPhone typing, texting or Facetiming as they walk right into me or the next manhole, whichever comes first.
Fortunately for me, I live in a building with a lot of WWII veterans. They're eager to have someone treat them like a human being, and not just some old person.
I make lunch dates with some of them, and as they tell me stories about their week, I notice we have something in common: they're being pushed around this city, too.
It seems the elderly don't move fast enough, either, to suit the racing public of New York City.
This all might sound petty and ridiculous, and compared to news like ISIS and sex-trafficking it most certainly is.
But I experience five or six such incidents a day. It's shocking. It truly confirms that basic human decency is running in the subway tracks with the rats.
In talking to my girlfriends, it's clear I'm not the first to experience these incidents — just perhaps the first to want to publicly shame the perpetrators.
There seem to be a lot of people in a big hurry.
Which is fine. Hey, I'm in a hurry, too. Always running from work to school to meetings to dinner with friends — all the normal things we do in this busy city.
It's just that now my top speed is a little slower than it used to be, and New Yorkers don't take kindly to people getting in their way, no matter the reason.
I get that everyone's busy. But look: If you see a pregnant person, remember they're not trying to get in your way. Don't take their slowness personally.
They're just trying to create a life — hey, no biggie — while you're desperate to reach the next level on Candy Crush.
So have some perspective.
Lynda McLaughlin is an executive producer working in radio. She lives in Manhattan with her husband, and shortly her son.
I don't think anyone saw this coming.
A federal jury on Thursday found Ammon Bundy, his brother Ryan Bundy and five co-defendants not guilty of conspiring to prevent federal employees from doing their jobs through intimidation, threat or force during the 41-day occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. The Bundy brothers and occupiers Jeff Banta and David Fry also were found not guilty of having guns in a federal facility. Kenneth Medenbach was found not guilty of stealing government property, and a hung jury was declared on Ryan Bundy's charge of theft of FBI surveillance cameras. “Stunning,” said defense lawyer Lisa Ludwig, who was standby counsel for Ryan Bundy. “I'm just thrilled,” said Neil Wampler's attorney Lisa Maxfield. The jury of nine women and three men returned the verdicts after five hours of deliberations on Thursday in the high-profile case that riveted the state and drew national and international attention to the federal bird sanctuary in rural eastern Oregon.
The courtroom soon descended into chaos after the verdicts were read. Ammon Bundy's attorney was tackled and tased by U.S. Marshals as he yelled that Bundy should immediately be freed.
The coda to the stunning verdict, undoubtedly a significant blow to federal prosecutors, was when Ammon Bundy's lawyer Marcus Mumford argued that his client, dressed in a gray suit and white dress shirt, should be allowed to walk out of the court, a free man. U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown told him that there was a U.S. Marshal's hold on him from a pending federal indictment in Nevada. “If there's a detainer, show me,” Mumford stood, arguing before U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown. Suddenly, a group of about six U.S. Marshals surrounded Mumford at his defense table and grabbed on to him. “What are you doing?” Mumford yelled, as he struggled and was taken down to the floor. As deputy marshals yelled, “Stop resisting,” the judge demanded, “Everybody out of the courtroom now!” Mumford was taken into custody, a member of his legal team confirmed. Ammon Bundy's lawyer J. Morgan Philpot, said afterwards on the courthouse steps that Mumford had been arrested and a taser had been used on him. That could not be independently confirmed.
I'm frankly at a loss for words.
Was this a true “not guilty” verdict where the prosecution failed to make a compelling case for any of the charges against the seven defendants? Or was this an example of jury nullification in action, with a jury deciding that they disliked the federal government's case, and issued “not guilty” verdicts as a moral stand against a government that has all too often been accused—and rightfully, I may add—with abusing their power?
It's going to be very interesting to see reactions on this story play out.
It's also going to be interesting to see the justification for the Marshals tasing and arresting an attorney seeking his client's release.
Taliban 'being forced out' in Operation Moshtarak
US troops try to consolidate positions in Marjah
A joint Nato and Afghan military operation is succeeding in pushing Taliban fighters from their strongholds in Helmand province, officials say. On day three of Operation Moshtarak, senior Afghan officers said areas around Marjah and Nad Ali were being cleared of insurgents. However, US troops in Marjah were being slowed down by snipers and home-made bombs, a BBC correspondent says. The campaign aims to bring the areas back under Afghan government control. However, the operation suffered a setback on Sunday when rockets fired by coalition troops killed 12 civilians. Nato commander Gen Stanley McChrystal said that he "deeply regretted this tragic loss of life". In another blow to the coalition, Nato announced on Monday that five more civilians had been killed in an air strike outside of the operation - in Kandahar province. 'Low resistance' On Monday, Afghan Brig Gen Sher Mohammad Zazai said coalition troops had largely contained the insurgents.
Day-by-day report and map He said local residents were helping troops to locate explosives left by the Taliban. "Today there is no major movement of the enemy," he said. "South of Marjah they are very weak. There has been low resistance. Soon we will have Marjah cleared of enemies." Gen Aminullah Patiani told AFP news agency "all of the areas of Marjah and Nad Ali have been taken by combined forces. They are under our control". ANALYSIS Frank Gardner,
BBC News, Kandahar It's day three of the joint Nato-Afghan military operation and forces have experienced both successes and setbacks. After inserting thousands of troops by helicopter into Taliban-held territory, Nato commanders say they are so far achieving their military objectives. Meanwhile US, British and Afghan forces are having to cope with an unexpectedly high number of improvised explosive devices (IEDs). For all the hi-tech aerial surveillance, infrared cameras and sophisticated eavesdropping at Nato's disposal, its forces appear to have underestimated the scale of the problem of these roadside bombs. Situation report: Day three He added: "The Taliban have left the areas, but the threat from IEDs [improvised explosive devices] remains." Marjah resident Haji Mohammed Jan told the BBC the Taliban had tried to stop people leaving, but he and others had managed to escape. "All we had we have left behind. We don't like fighting. We are tired of it." Dawud Ahmadi, a spokesman for Helmand's governor, said nearly 1,000 displaced families had arrived in the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah. Afghan MP Fauzia Koffi told the BBC that residents were confused about the operation, because the military offensive was very different from the suggestion at a recent conference in London that elements of the Taliban should be engaged in talks. She also said that the Taliban had not allowed civilians to leave Marjah and if civilian casualties increased it would adversely affect the opinion of the Afghan people. 'Exceptionally proud' The BBC's Frank Gardner, at Kandahar air base, says a clear difference is emerging between Nad Ali - where British troops are operating, and Marjah to the south where US troops are focused. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. While British forces have been able to move quickly to their objectives, US Marines are advancing slowly and painstakingly, being held back by snipers and more home-made bombs than they had expected, he said. The BBC's Ian Pannell, embedded with British forces in Nad Ali, says troops have been spreading out to try to reassure locals, listen to their complaints and assuage their fears. He says the locals appeared happy to see the Afghan army but did not want the arrival of police, who they see as corrupt, partisan and inept. Military intelligence experts believe most Taliban who have chosen to stay and fight are concentrated around Marjah. In northern Marjah on Monday, an armoured column came under fire from at least three sniper teams, AP news agency reported. HIMARS ROCKET SYSTEM US artillery rocket system developed by Lockheed Martin Carries six rockets on mobile launcher. Range can exceed 45km (28 miles) Alternative payload is one long-range ATMS guided missile Uses include targeting artillery, air defences, light armour and in infantry support Able to launch and move quickly before retaliatory strike Prototypes used during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Entered full US service in 2005
Afghan voices on Moshtarak In pictures: Moshtarak day three Mark Urban's blog Civilians die in Kandahar strike Reuters quoted US Marines as saying they had twice unsuccessfully tried to clear one bazaar area in Marjah of enemy positions. Despite the setbacks, Nato and Afghan commanders insist they now have enough troops to hold the ground taken and will soon be bringing in hundreds of newly trained police to re-establish Afghan government control. Operation Moshtarak, meaning "together" in the Dari language, is the biggest coalition attack since the Taliban fell in 2001. The operation is also considered the first big test of US President Barack Obama's new "surge" strategy for Afghanistan. Nato has stressed that the safety of civilians in the areas targeted is their highest priority. However, on Sunday two rockets fired from the High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (Himars) in the Marjah area hit a building and killed 12 Afghan civilians. In the second incident on Monday, Nato said the five Afghan civilians killed were mistakenly believed to be insurgents planting explosives on a road in the Zhari district of Kandahar province. Gen McChrystal immediately suspended all use of the Himars rocket system and Afghan President Hamid Karzai ordered an investigation. However, on Monday a senior Nato official told the BBC the rockets were not off target as initially reported. The building was targeted as coalition forces were receiving fire from it, the official said, but they did not realise there were civilians inside. Two insurgents along with the 12 civilians were killed, the official said. At a news conference on Monday, Gen McChrystal said that before the operation had begun, President Karzai had stressed the importance of protecting Afghan civilians. "This operation has been done with that in mind," he said, adding he was "exceptionally proud" of how coalition forces were performing. Speaking at the same conference, Afghan interior minister Mohammad Hanif Atmar urged Taliban fighters to lay down their arms and take up the government's offer of reconciliation. "There is no way you can win there, the Afghan people are determined to win," he said. HAVE YOUR SAY The "surge" approach drove most of the insurgents out of Iraq and there is no reason why it shouldn't work in Afghanistan Alan Trent, London Send us your comments The 15,000-strong coalition force includes 4,000 US Marines, a similar number of British troops plus a large Afghan contingent. Soldiers from Canada, Denmark and Estonia are also involved. Two Nato deaths related to Operation Moshtarak have so far been confirmed. On Saturday, a British soldier, Lance Sergeant David Greenhalgh of 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, died in an improvised explosive device (IED) attack, while a US soldier was killed by gunfire in Marjah. Another British casualty was announced on Monday, although not connected to Operation Moshtarak. UK officials said the soldier from 2nd Battalion, The Duke of Lancaster's Regiment died during an night-time patrol near Musa Qaleh in Helmand on Sunday. At least 20 Taliban fighters were killed and another 11 detained on Saturday, the Afghan army said. Are you in Helmand province? What will the military operation there achieve? Send us your views using the form below.
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number (optional):
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published. Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide.
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Thanksgiving, aka Potential Civil War Prelude 2k18, is only three days away, and I think it's vital that we're all prepared. I don't want any of us naively waltzing up to the dinner table without a plan, and by “plan”, I mean the ability to just NOT BRING UP BLOOD ATONEMENT, OK? Control yourselves. That's tip #1 — put blood atonement OUT of your mind, it will not serve you on Tofurkey Day. The rest of these tips might.
2. DON'T work anti-Mormon literature into your gratitude speech.
It's tempting, I know, but comments like “I'm so grateful our family is so overwhelmingly white because BOY would we have a lot more ancestral trauma to deal with if grandpa had even one drop of African blood in him” really don't help the healing process. Keep things light and vague with statements like, “May gratitude abound in our hearts, shining light on our blessings, even in the darkest times.”
3. DO wear a Fight the New Drug t-shirt.
Your beard, glazed over eyes, and Satanic tattoos may scream “going to hell in a hand basket” but a Fight the New Drug shirt will slightly offset some of that “demons about your personage” look that makes your parents wonder how they raised such a failure. Talking loudly about how much you hate porn is a fantastic way to seem a BIT less possessed by the devil, and also helps educate the toddlers of the family, who will soon be addicted to watching violent sex acts if they're not careful. (Did you know that rock music is specifically engineered to drive the kids to sex?)
4. DON'T pray to Heavenly Mother over the food.
It's rude and offensive — she's been low-carb vegan since 6000 BC, around the time everyone stopped hearing from her.
5. DO go on a family walk after dinner.
As long as you don't make jokes about Brigham's apparent indifference concerning the welfare of the pioneers who also walked and walked and walked, this should be a fun activity that stirs almost zero controversy. Remember, we're not mentioning blood atonement. Isn't porn the worst?
6. DON'T think that politics are an OK thing to bring up, either.
You might think that you've already committed the most heartbreaking sin your mother can comprehend — leaving the LDS church — but pile “supportive of Democrats” on top of that, and she's got 1-3 years left to live, MAX, because of the inevitable trauma-induced illness it will cause.
7. DO test the waters by suggesting a game of face cards.
This one will depend on your family, of course, but challenging your siblings to a game of Texas Hold ‘Em is a great way to sense whether or not your disaffection from the church has made them budge on any fundamental doctrinal issues. If it's very clear quickly that they are not about to venture into appearances of evil, just swiftly move on by mentioning a new study you just read about the dangers of pornography.
8. DON'T blaze up before dinner.
Unless you want to start obsessively thinking about which of your family members would gladly murder you if the prophet asked them to. Also, we know you live in Utah.
9. DO be careful about how you compliment the chef.
“Delicious to the taste and very desirable” is a useful multi-purpose phrase and we all know it, but it will also remind your family that you took from the tree of knowledge of good and evil THANKS TO THAT SWINE JOHN DEHLIN. Similarly, “you can buy anything in this world with money” is not a great offhand response to your mother's remarks about the yumminess of your store-bought pie.
10. DO bring a flask.
You'll need it.
For the second time in seven months, a defending UFC champion has pulled out of a title fight against Conor McGregor.
UFC lightweight titleholder Rafael dos Anjos (25-7) has withdrawn from a scheduled defense against McGregor in the main event of UFC 196 on March 5 with a broken foot.
UFC lightweight Nate Diaz has agreed to step up on short notice to face McGregor in Las Vegas, according to Dana White.
"We called Jose Aldo; Jose Aldo turned the fight down," White said on SportsCenter on Tuesday night. "We called Frankie Edgar; Frankie Edgar turned the fight down. Those are two guys everybody was talking about.
"A lot of guys wanted this fight but we ended up with Nate Diaz. We felt this was the fight to make and the fight the fans wanted to see."
Rafael Dos Anjos has a foot injury and will not be able to fight Conor McGregor at UFC 196. Joe Camporeale/USA TODAY Sports
Diaz (18-10) isn't a title contender, but the entertaining brawler from Stockton, California, is one of the UFC's most popular fighters in his weight class.
Diaz tweeted a response to the McGregor camp's previously expressed interest in facing him earlier Tuesday:
He's going to have to get on his knees and beg... — Nathan Diaz (@NateDiaz209) February 23, 2016
Dos Anjos' manager, Ali Abdelaziz, said the broken foot is expected to take six to eight weeks to heal.
The situation is reminiscent of July 2015, when then-featherweight champion Jose Aldo withdrew from a defense against McGregor on less than two weeks' notice with a rib injury. McGregor eventually fought Aldo at UFC 194 on Dec. 12, defeating the longtime champ via knockout in 13 seconds.
UFC 196 will take place at MGM Grand Garden Arena. A female bantamweight title fight between Holly Holm and Miesha Tate is slotted as the co-main event.
Kubra redefi­nes social roles by paving a unique path for hersel­f.
“Hey, look ­— an aunty is driving a van!” This is what a young boy hollers as he calls his friends to see the unfamiliar sight in front of him. Dressed elegantly with a pink dupatta draped over her head, the lady behind the wheel of the Suzuki van turns to the children with a broad grin on her face and amusement sparkling in her eyes. This is when the boy realises how loudly he had expressed his amazement and makes a few failed attempts not to gawk at her.
He isn't the only one to have reacted in this fashion, and people ranging from parents to bus drivers have been astounded upon seeing Mrs Kubra Amjad drive her school van. Driving since 2007, she says that she and her van have elicited this reaction many a time. “Once a group of youngsters is driving past my van, they stopped in the middle of the road, got out of their car and gave me a thumbs up, saying, ‘Way to go aunty! Keep it up!' That was a really proud moment for me,” she says with a smile.
In a city where regular lady drivers are apprehensive about getting behind the wheel, she has the nerve to take it up as a profession. Along with the confidence that is required to drive a van on Karachi's chaotic streets, she explains that the occupation requires adherence to strict punctuality, some dexterous manoeuvring and, of course, the ability to take responsibility for the children.
This wasn't something she had contemplated doing when she was young, but a line of work that she chose when other avenues had closed. With a husband who had a promising career in direction, production and designing, and who would take up projects for various television channels and multinational companies, Kubra had led a comfortable life. She used to enjoy helping her husband in his projects and, at times, would drive his van and transport supplies. “I used to say, ‘Why should you pay someone else to drive the van for you, when I can easily do it',” she recalls.
Her life was smooth sailing, even without her making any contribution to the household finances, until her husband died of a sudden heart attack. Her life changed dramatically after that. Widowed and without much money, she had to struggle to support herself.
Initially, her family came to her aid and took her in. She accepted their support till the time she came to terms with the mishap that had befallen her. When she was emotionally stable enough to take charge of things, she decided she would go back home and fend for herself. Her family tried to persuade her not to leave and live alone, offering to take care of everything. But she insisted that she had to find her own way to make ends meet. “I am very blessed to have such a wonderful family, but that was not the life I wanted for myself. I didn't want to lose my identity and become a burden on anyone,” she explains.
Although trained as an Association Montessori Internationale teacher, she couldn't pursue her line of work due to her chronic back problem which wouldn't allow her to stand for too long. Instead, she thought about using her van to earn a respectable living for herself, by driving students to school.
In her favour, the parents of young children felt much more comfortable sending their little ones under the supervision of an educated lady rather than regular drivers. She started off with just one passenger, a girl from her neighbourhood, and gradually the number rose to 25.
When she shared this new business proposition with her family, they discouraged her, saying she should either accept their financial help or else take up teaching since driving a van was neither lady-like nor socially acceptable. Giggling at the memory, she relates what she told them: “For a halal income, even if I have to become a vegetable vendor, I will do it. I know there's nothing wrong in what I am doing and being around the kids gives me immense joy.”
Despite the cynicism of those around her, she says this profession didn't really present any serious challenge. Of course, she faced her set of difficulties, but at the same time she received a massive amount of appreciation from the parents of the children she picks and drops. Speaking of her difficulties, she mentions a certain van driver who couldn't accept her in this line of work, and was always picking fights and trying to get her children to leave her van. But the support she got from others encouraged her to carry on.
“There have been times when a parent has said harsh words to me and it does hurt a lot, especially if I am not at fault. But that's a part of my job,” she adds, consoling herself. Moreover, she feels extremely grateful when the traffic police, whom everyone in Karachi seems to complain about, greet her and respect her by going out of their way to help her if the need arises.
If there's one thing Kubra is clear about, it's that women should try to earn their own income no matter how meagre it may be. “Plan wisely, utilise your skills to mould your own identity, and be self-reliant. Whether it is a job or a business, choose one that gives you respect and happiness. You might not be encouraged by others in the beginning, but if you stay resolute, you will eventually earn acceptance,” she advises.
“A helping hand can go away as soon as it came, and then you are left worse off than before,” she says. With a steady hand on the steering wheel, it's clear that Kubra is one lady who knows which road she wants to be on, and isn't afraid of a few bumps in the way.
Published in The Express Tribune, Sunday Magazine, January 8th, 2012.
Read full story
BOSTON – An experimental drug that starves the bacteria responsible for tuberculosis makes conventional therapy five times more effective against drug-resistant TB, doctors reported today.
The X-rayed chest of a tuberculosis patient is seen in this file image. ( SUPPLIED PHOTO )
The company-run study found that the Johnson & Johnson drug TMC207, if added to a standard cocktail of five other TB medicines, cleared traces of the tuberculosis bacteria in the sputum of 48 percent of the volunteers after eight weeks. Only 9 percent of patients given the five older drugs alone showed that type of improvement. TMC207 is being billed as the first new tuberculosis drug in 40 years. It works by interfering with the enzyme ATP synthase, which the bacteria need to store energy. "It starves them. It's like cutting off your food supply," Dr. David McNeeley of Tibotec Inc., the subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson that developed the drug, said in a telephone interview. Other drugs attack TB in different ways.
Article Continued Below
The only notable side effect was nausea, experienced by 26 percent of volunteers in the TMC207 group, versus 4 percent among those getting the conventional cocktail plus a placebo, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine. The test involved 47 people in South Africa with newly diagnosed lung TB that was resistant to two standard drugs, isoniazid and rifampin. About 1.8 million people die worldwide each year from tuberculosis and a third of the world's population – 2 billion people – are infected, according to the World Health Organization. The WHO says that of 9 million new TB cases annually, about 490,000 are multiple-drug resistant TB or MDR-TB and about 40,000 are extensively drug resistant or XDR-TB. Fewer than 3 percent of MDR-TB cases worldwide are being treated according to WHO recommendations.
The bacteria are extremely difficult to treat because it can remain dormant in the body, unresponsive to drugs. That means patients have to take medicine for a long time, and people often stop their therapy, allowing resistance to develop. "It's like the bacteria are hibernating. They can go for 20 years and then there's a relapse," McNeeley said.
Article Continued Below
But even hibernating cells need to use some energy, he said. The new drug cuts off this lifeline. "So whether you're actively replicating or sleeping slowly, you strangle to death," he said. The development of TMC207 represents an important advance in the chemotherapy of tuberculosis," Clifton Barry of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in Bethesda, Maryland, said in a commentary. It represents "a new class of drugs that increase the therapeutic options for patients who have multidrug-resistant or extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis, for whom treatment options are often sparse, largely ineffective, and often highly toxic," Barry wrote. McNeeley said another characteristic of the drug is that its effects show up later than conventional TB medicines, whose effectiveness may wane just as TMC207 is starting to have a real impact. Asked if the drug, if approved, would be cheap enough for widespread use in the sometimes-poor countries where TB is the biggest problem, McNeeley said, "Johnson & Johnson is committed to bringing this out to the people who need it."
Welcome to the New Hope Seed Company! New Hope Seeds is a small, family owned and operated organization located in Tennessee. We specialize in open-pollinated and heirloom vegetable seed varieties that are rare and not readily commercially available.
Several of the heirloom vegetable seed varieties that we offer are heirlooms from our own ancestors that have been passed down for many generations in our family. We also work to preserve heirloom and rare open pollinated plant varieties by locating, growing, documenting and offering to gardeners and farmers so they can have a chance to experience the 'goodness' of what our ancestors grew and enjoyed. In turn this helps to greatly insure their continued preservation. We are proud to say that all of the seed we offer at this time are grown and produced here on our farm. Our seeds are rare, and hand produced by our family for your garden. We work hard at researching and locating rarer open-pollinated and heirloom varieties of usable and historical merit. Our goal is to provide you with the best possible quality of open-pollinated and heirloom seeds. Our farm and the surrounding land that we cultivate have been in our family for many generations, dating back to the early 1800's. We are located in the rolling hills of Tennessee where we enjoy a reasonably long growing season and fairly mild winters. Our preservation work has led us beyond open-pollinated and heirloom vegetable seeds and encompasses field crops like tobacco as well. Tobacco farming is deeply rooted in our family's history and was a primary source of farm income for us as well as our ancestors until only recently. Our ancestors who settled in Virginia around 1630 and later traveled to North Carolina in the early 1700's are believed to be our earliest ancestors to have grown tobacco. Our family's rich heritage in farming and growing tobacco here in Tennessee began about 1804 when our ancestors moved from North Carolina into Tennessee and settled a few miles from our present day farm location. Read more
Over the last three days, Wisconsin Republican Rep. Paul Ryan, the chairman of the House Budget Committee, has made the media rounds to promote his committee's version of the House Republicans' budget proposal.
On Hugh Hewitt's radio show on Tuesday, Ryan was asked about one of his primary detractors, Nobel Prize-winning economist and New York Times columnist Paul Krugman. Ryan responded by making the case against Keynesian economics and how that type of borrowing and spending could be detrimental if interest rates go back to where they were before the 2008 fiscal crisis.
“Well, so I have three certainties in my life — death, taxes and liberal attacks from Paul Krugman,” Ryan said. “It's something I've come to realize. Keynesians, which is what Krugman would call himself, believe in just, in the constant pumping of the prime, and just spending more money to grow the economy. They believe in this, that if you spend more money, it produces more than a dollar's worth of economic growth for every dollar you spend.”
“Well, obviously, that's not true, and there have been lots of studies debunking that,” he continued. “But more importantly, the more you rack up these deficits, the bigger your debt gets, the more out of control it gets. And if we have an interest rate problem, which is more likely the more borrowing you have, interest just balloons, and we literally lose control of our fiscal situation. We would add about $400 billion dollars in interest spending a year today, if interest rates just go back to where they were before the crisis.”
Ryan went on to call that “sugar-high economics” and emphasized that the opportunity to get away from that and avert a fiscal crisis is narrowing.
“So what we realize is we're in this narrowing window of opportunity to get our fiscal house in order, to get our budget balanced, to get pro-growth economics,” Ryan said. “But if we keep the sugar-high economics, which is what the people you mentioned are talking about, we'll just have a harder fall at the end of the day, and everybody will get hurt. That's what we want to do. We want to prevent people from getting hurt, we want real economic growth, and by the way, I would argue, it's just not really working out real well right now.”
“Our economy is barely limping along, we have 46 million people in poverty, the highest poverty rates in a generation, more and more people are giving up on the American idea, more and more people don't think the country is going to be better off in the future when they hand it over to their kids,” he continued. “And we have put out a budget to balance the budget, to reform the tax code, to open up our energy so we can be energy independent, to save Medicare from bankruptcy, to make sure that our kids get a debt-free future and a faster economy today. That's what we're producing today.”
Follow Jeff on Twitter
Promising that Nintendo's pre-E3 press conference on Tuesday will focus "almost entirely on games," company president Satoru Iwata used a streaming Web presentation today to announce new details about the unique tablet controller and social functions of the upcoming Wii U.
Iwata began a bit philosophically, showing a picture of a standard nuclear family sitting together in a living room, each member with their head buried in their own separate digital screens. "People are gathered together in the same room with friends and family, but they are not truly connected. They are paying more attention to their devices than each other."
Referencing Shelly Turkel's book Alone Together, he acknowledged that technology has improved our lives, but added that "we have to wonder what this will mean for the nature of human relationships moving forward."
The finalized Wii U GamePad
The Wii U's touchscreen-equipped controller is now officially being called the Wii U GamePad, in homage to the controller for the original Nintendo Entertainment System. It will be available in either white or black. The final design looks remarkably similar to the prototype first shown off at last year's E3, but the sliding, 3DS-style thumbpads on that prototype have now been replaced with protruding, fully tiltable thumbsticks. They can be "clicked" in the same fashion as the sticks on the Xbox 360 and PS3.
Iwata also revealed a new infrared transmitter for the final controller, allowing users to turn on the living room TV and change channels from the touchscreen. The final controller is also a bit wider than last year's prototype, and features a redesigned, ergonomic back that promises more comfort over extended play sessions.
The presentation reconfirmed GamePad's built-in near-field communications capabilities, which will allow the controller to exchange information to and from everything from credit cards to Skylanders-style action figures. Iwata also played up the GamePad's motion and gyroscope sensors, which can be used in conjunction with the TV for new gameplay experiences. For instance, a short video showed a player using the tablet view to aim a pitch in Wii Sports baseball, and to track a fly ball on-screen until it landed in an outfielder's glove.
Finally, Iwata also unveiled a new, touchscreen-free Wii U Pro Controller. It looks almost exactly like a standard Xbox 360 controller and is designed for "cross-platform games."
Miiverse adds online features
Nintendo's home systems have generally lagged behind the competition as far as online connectivity. The company seems determined to try to change this on the Wii U with a wide-ranging social service called Miiverse. The core of the network is a home screen where hundreds of the familiar, cartoony Mii avatars gathered around icons representing the games they each are playing.
These Miis can communicate to the other Miis in this plaza with simple text messages or hand-drawn notes (similar to those in the 3DS's Swapnote feature). Players were also shown posting to integrated message boards associated with each game, and viewing those message on smartphones and PCs (though Iwata admitted this cross-platform functionality will not be available at launch).
More interestingly, the video presentation showed Miiverse being used to overlay text messages directly into games. In a feature reminiscent of games like Dark Souls, a player that dies at a tough portion of a Mario level might see encouraging and/or helpful messages from other players, for instance.
Players will also be able to post screenshots and "game content they have created themselves" to share with others through the network. Finally, Wii U users will be able to chat directly through a video chat system, by propping the camera-equipped tablet controller up in front of the TV.
Given Nintendo's history of heavily restricting how its systems can be used to communicate with strangers, we remain a little skeptical of how seamless and free-flowing these online communications features will be. That said, based on what Nintendo showed today, Miiverse represents a pretty big expansion of Nintendo's commitment to social networking through its consoles.
Ingredients:
2 lbs green beans, washed + ends trimmed
can of extra virgin olive oil cooking spray
Sea salt grinder, fresh-grated black pepper, garlic powder (if you have a larger-granule variety, use that), + onion powder to sprinkle
1 small-medium lemon (zest of whole lemon + 2 T. lemon juice)
1/2 c. walnuts (coarsely chopped before measuring)
Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
Prep two to three large baking sheets by coating with olive oil cooking spray.
Spread out the green beans on each pan, making sure that the green beans are all flat on the pan, and have a little room between one another, if possible! Evenly coat all the green beans with the olive oil spray again.
Grate the sea salt and black pepper directly over the green beans, making sure to get a light coat over all the beans. Lightly sprinkle all the beans with the garlic and onion powders.
Roast in the oven for 12-14 minutes, or until they are cooked through to an "al dente" level - bright green and with just a slight crunch left.
During the last 6-7 minutes, place the walnuts on a baking sheet to toast. Keep your nose on alert: If you smell walnuts before the timer goes off, they're done!
Transfer the green beans and walnuts to a lare bowl and zest the lemon directly over them. Squeeze the juice (about 1 oz/2 T.) into the bowl. Toss to combine. If you like, you can add a little drizzle of extra virgin olive oil on top as well.
Keep warm until serving by covering with foil!
Serves 8 as a side dish
Nutrition for 1/8 batch: 89 calories; 10 g carbs; 4 g fiber (for 6 net carbs); 5 g fat; 3 g protein
My Secret Santa put some thought into this gift, and that is always much appreciated. Let's begin with the note:
First off, it had proper grammar, so that's a good start. The user had come across my previous posts about my tumor when it was originally posted, so that was a nice surprise. It was clear that he had done his homework; he had thoroughly gone through my Reddit history and my RedditGifts profile. He even read some of the stories I'd posted to /r/writingprompts. The ending of the note truly showed what the Secret Santa exchange is all about. In reminding me that Reddit is a family, he also wished me and my family good wished through our current and future struggles.
The Doctor Who sticker was a small yet wonderful touch. The show has been a big part of my life during rough times, and one of the few shows I watched live after surgeries.
The Bender figurine is also a great addition. We share a love for Futurama, and he probably doesn't realize that it's my go-to show when I've got Netflix when I'm going to bed. My Secret Santa urged me to continue my mission in returning to school, and this will certainly be sitting on my desk once I do just that.
Lastly, we get to the centerpiece of the gift: The Tao of Pooh. Working at Barnes & Noble (which he knew), this was an interesting choice. A great gift-giver gives gifts (how's that tongue twister?) that a person would never have thought to put on their list, and this is one of those items. Winnie the Pooh is rooted deep into my childhood. As an infant, I grew up with a mural on my wall that my mom had painted. It, of course, was made up of the characters in the Pooh stories as they were originally drawn. In addition, he sent it to me with the hopes that it would bring some balance into my life. I am an open-minded Christian, and look forward to introducing some Eastern philosophies to my faith and life.
So, thank you, Santa. This was a fantastic gift in every sense of the work. Merry Christmas!
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
NEW ORLEANS—If you need evidence that drones are big business, the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International's (AUVSI) Xponential conference is a good start. The event filled a much more modest space in Washington DC three years ago, but back then the event felt more defense-focused. In contrast, this year's edition filled four of the vast halls of the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center and had all the trappings of a big tech conference. Keynotes were supplied by Amazon Vice President Gur Kimchi and Cisco's retired CEO John Chambers (complete with the requisite "hockey stick" growth slides), and vendors hawked cloud platforms and professional services alongside the expected collection of flying, swimming, rolling, and crawling robots.
Cloud connection to drones is gaining increasing attention because of the massive amount of data that uncrewed vehicles can collect. Optical and multi-spectral imagery, 3D laser mapping, and any number of other geospatial datapoints have to be stored, processed, and routed to the people who need them. As such, representatives from oil and gas companies, utilities, insurers, civil engineers, and a host of other industries stalked the floor at Xponential in search of systems that would let them inspect assets from a distance.
A lot of the action currently sits in a holding pattern, however. Due to current Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations, only a few of those industries have begun using uncrewed vehicles en masse. One of the most well-established current applications of drones outside the military is "precision agriculture," in which UAVs equipped with near-infrared and other sensors detect problems with crop health in high resolution. This data is subsequently used by automated, GPS-controlled chemical applicators. But while drones have been used in precision agriculture in Japan and other countries for over a decade, many US farmers using drones to pinpoint where crops need to be fed or sprayed are "cowboys," as one drone manufacturer described them. The nickname isn't because they raise cattle; it's because they flaunt the FAA's rules.
Some of the autonomous flying systems at Xponential were designed to use 3G or LTE wireless signals to push the data they collect directly into the cloud. But again because of FAA restrictions, most of the companies forging ahead with systems capable of flying well outside of the operator's line of sight are based outside of the US. Kimchi revealed this is why Amazon conducts most of its Prime Air delivery drone trials in England rather than in the US. Despite concerns about drones flying near airports, the British government has been more open to commercial drone testing.
While a number of non-military US companies showed off their technologies at Xponential, the market for autonomous and remotely piloted vehicles here is still dominated by the military. Most of the hardware brought by Lockheed Martin, Oshkosh Defense, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman, Textron, L3, Aerovironment, and Stark Aerospace (a unit of the American subsidiary of Israel Aerospace Industries) was military-focused. On the other hand, most of the companies that focused on industrial customers were from Europe and Asia. Notable exceptions included Airware (the drone software platform company for which John Chambers now holds a board seat) and Uvionix (a company with a new drone designed for delivering lightweight cargo like fast food, coffee, and pharmaceuticals).
A handful of the items that caught our eye are pictured above. Xponential looks to only grow from here, so expect an even larger array of unmanned tech for Dallas in 2017.Still, the lingering feeling we got from this year's event was that of concern. Many attendees expressed worry that by the time the FAA and the US government sorts out drone regulation, it will be hard for US companies to compete with innovation from elsewhere.
Listing image by Nathan Mattise
Spaniard Nadal had one of the best season's of his career in 2013 following his return in February after seven months out with a knee injury, winning 10 tournaments including a record eighth French Open crown and a second US Open title.
As he gears up for the start of the 2014 tour, the 27-year-old Mallorcan told Spain's As newspaper remaining healthy and being able to challenge at the top level were his priorities.
"What I want is to be able to start the year well and in shape to compete in the big tournaments," Nadal said.
"In that sense, and thinking about 2014, I am not going to talk at the moment about winning the ninth Roland Garros or winning Wimbledon again, which would be the third time.
"No, look: what is important to me is to maintain my fitness in a way that will allow me to play the whole year, and competing at a good level.
"You see it's not easy: I couldn't do that, for the whole season, in 2012, 2013."
Nadal's 10 titles last season came close to matching the best year of his career, when he won 11 in 2005, including his first Roland Garros crown.
He said his enforced rest in the second half of 2012 had meant he was fresh and hungry on his return and that was possibly why he had been so successful.
"In terms of results, I don't know if 2013 was the best year of my career," Nadal told As.
"What made it special was the feeling of being able to compete again at the level I managed.
"But certainly 2013 was the most emotional of my career. If you ask me about the key elements of what happened I think I started playing when I was fresher than ever after a seven-month rest. That may have been the key to the successes."
Nadal will get his next crack at a grand slam when the Australian Open starts in Melbourne in mid January.
He is playing compatriot and world number three David Ferrer at an invitational event in Abu Dhabi later on Friday.
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (Reuters) - Comedian Bill Cosby's retrial on charges of sexually assaulting a former Temple University administrator in 2004 at his Philadelphia-area home will be postponed from November to March of next year, a judge said on Tuesday.
Montgomery County Court of Common Pleas Judge Steven O'Neill said the move will give Cosby's new defense team enough time to prepare.
Cosby's first trial ended in a mistrial in June after more than 50 hours of jury deliberation failed to yield a unanimous verdict on whether he drugged and assaulted Andrea Constand, who got to know Cosby while working for the women's basketball team at the university, his alma mater.
Cosby, 80, built a long career on a family-friendly style of comedy that unraveled after dozens of women came forward to accused him of a string of sex assaults dating to the 1960s. He has repeatedly denied wrongdoing, saying any sexual contact he had with his accusers was consensual.
Despite avoiding conviction in the first trial, Cosby elected to bring in a new defense team for the second one. Leading the new team is Tom Mesereau, a Los Angeles lawyer recognizable by his collar-length mane of white hair and best known for successfully defending the late singer Michael Jackson from child sexual abuse charges in 2005.
Cosby's retrial will be heard by jurors from the Philadelphia suburb that Cosby has long called home after Mesereau told O'Neill on Tuesday he would not seek a jury from outside Montgomery County.
The jurors in the first trial were bused in from Pittsburgh after Cosby's lawyers argued that intense publicity would make it nearly impossible to select an impartial local jury.
Mesereau and two other lawyers, Kathleen Bliss and Sam Silver, have replaced Brian McMonagle and Angela Agrusa, who withdrew from the case but were present for the hearing.
McMonagle, who clashed with Cosby publicist Andrew Wyatt during the first trial, warmly embraced Wyatt, shook Cosby's hand and left the courtroom smiling.
Wyatt said he and McMonagle get along personally but that “changes had to be made.” Hiring Mesereau to replace McMonagle, he said, was akin to upgrading from a Mercedes-Benz to a Rolls-Royce.
Slideshow (7 Images)
Montgomery County District Attorney Kevin Steele told reporters that his office was confident about its chances.
“This case deserves a verdict and we intend to get there,” Steele said.
Constand's allegation is the only one against Cosby that is recent enough to sustain criminal charges.
Yeahaaaaa Posted by Mr. Pulsar on May 6, 2009, 00:44 EST
Unfortunately it seems that the twitter team doesn't give two shits about the embedded twitter that it's kind of broken when it comes to adding it to your page. For instance we can't have both of ours on the same page at once.
I would still like to note there are a couple t-shirts here in my Abode that were returned or international orders who haven't contacted me yet. If you ordered Blastwave shirts back in September (yeah that long) please do contact me if you have not received it. Please do, I want to get these shirts to you guys.
And now I leave you with this.
- Mr. Pulsar
Currently obsessed with: So as you may have noticed Kimmo was nice enough to add a twitter box for me below.Unfortunately it seems that the twitter team doesn't give two shits about the embedded twitter that it's kind of broken when it comes to adding it to your page. For instance we can't have both of ours on the same page at once.I would still like to note there are a couple t-shirts here in my Abode that were returned or international orders who haven't contacted me yet. If you ordered Blastwave shirts back in September (yeah that long) please do contact me if you have not received it. Please do, I want to get these shirts to you guys.- Mr. PulsarCurrently obsessed with: Faith No More
A new study finds that creating out-of-body sensations in VR can help change your attitude towards death.
Death can be an extremely difficult concept for some to accept. Despite actually knowing very little about it, many individuals find themselves terrified by the idea of reaching the inevitable end we all share. Personally, I'm more concerned with other, more daunting issues such as sharks or maintaining a constant supply of Oreos. But for the more level-headed folks struggling to wrap their head around the idea of death, there is hope.
According to the published study A Virtual Out-of-Body Experience Reduces Fear of Death, scientists at the University of Barcelona have successfully reduced the fear of death in subjects using a virtual reality experience designed to induce an out-of-body experience. As part of the experiment, 32 women were placed inside an Oculus Rift headset and underwent a simulation designed to introduce the “full body ownership illusion.” This process convinces the subject that the virtual body presented in the experience is actually their own, fully engaging them within the digital world.
Once the illusion was completed, 16 of the women were shifted from 1st person to 3rd person to help replicate the sensation of rising out from your own body. The other 16 served as the control group and remained in their original point of view. According to the data collected, the 16 women who were thrown into 3rd person on average had a reduced fear of death when compared to the control group.
“We wanted to see what the effects were of establishing a strong feeling of ownership over a virtual body, and then moving people out of it, so simulating an out-of-body experience,” said the study's corresponding author Mel Slater in an interview with PsyPost. “According to the literature, out-of-body experiences are typically associated with changes of attitudes about death, so we wanted to see if this would happen with a virtual out-of-body experience.”
According to Slater, the immediate findings point towards “implicit evidence that it is possible to separate consciousness from the body, which may have the impact of changing attitudes towards death.”
The study goes on to identify several other valuable use-case scenarios in which VR could be utilized to alter the attitudes and perspectives on a broad range of different subject matter.
“My lab has been working for many years on the influence of changing someone's body in virtual reality on their attitudes, perceptions, behavior and cognition,” continued Slater. “For example, placing White people in a Black virtual body reduces their implicit racial bias, while putting adults into a child body changes their perceptions and self-identification.”
The study is still in a stage of infancy as new findings continue to roll in. Slater has already expressed interest in studying long term effects of these VR “treatments” as well.
“We have another more sophisticated study that has been completed that will hopefully be published in a few months.”
Coauthored by Pierre Bourdin, Itxaso Barberia, and Ramon Oliva, A Virtual Out-of-Body Experience Reduces Fear of Death was published January 9th, 2017 in the journal PLOS One.
Last updated on: June 18, 2016 20:53 IST
'From where prime ministers sit, it makes no difference at all who occupies the governor's post.'
'Literally anyone with a decent education or work experience can be appointed to the job, which is basically a managerial one with little room for manoeuvre,' says T C A Srinivasa-Raghavan.
For the last several weeks a controversy has been generated over whether or not the present governor of the Reserve Bank of India, Raghuram Rajan, should be given an extension. His current term ends on September 4.
There is no logical reason for denying him an extension. All governors since 1992 have served for five years.
Besides, he is a globally known business economist. He has a pleasant manner as well. He is also good-looking, a fact that has been duly noted by ladies who write.
But many others think he should not get an extension and the issue is being debated by economists, politicians and journalists as if it matters who the governor is. It doesn't.
Such are the passions Rajan generates that even Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been obliged to intervene. These are bureaucratic decisions, he told a journalist from a well-known business paper in America.
And that view summed it up because from where prime ministers sit, it makes no difference at all who occupies the governor's post.
Literally anyone with a decent education or work experience can be appointed to the job, which is basically a managerial one with little room for manoeuvre. As a manager, Rajan hasn't been very good for the RBI.
The power to manage is vested in the office; the glory in doing so -- at the margin -- is bestowed by a besotted media. It always ignores housekeeping issues.
The rude truth
As with any highly credible institution it is the institution that bestows greatness on the person who heads it. There have been only two exceptions to this general rule: The Election Commission under T N Seshan and the Comptroller and Auditor General under Vinod Rai.
But for the last 15 years or so, the RBI, taken in by the silly media hype, has been pretending that its governors are somehow Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva combined. It has achieved this by treating all its past governors -- bar three, two of them were temps -- as the nation's pride, government's envy.
But here's the depressing truth: Ever since the RBI was set up in 1935, there has not been a single governor who was a 'giant' -- as the central bank likes to call them. In fact, at the time of their appointment, all formers governors had a certain stature because most of them had been civil servants and the civil service, alas, tolerates no giants.
Anyone could have been -- and indeed was, once or twice -- appointed to the job and would have performed just as well as anyone else because the highly professional staff of the RBI holds the governors up.
The staff does the work, the governor gets the credit for tinkering ever so slightly with the interest rate every now and then.
And you may have noticed how no governor ever says 'we'; it is always 'I'.
Rajan's reign
Rajan is an exception to the rule. He came as a smallish giant, and some people pretended he was a big giant. This speaks volumes about his networking and communication skills.
His academic accomplishments, however -- by common consent in the economics fraternity -- fall somewhere in the B++ or A- category.
He is not the first economist to hold the job. There have been four others before him. But even they -- I G Patel, Manmohan Singh, C Rangarajan and Bimal Jalan -- had been employed by the government for a long time before they got the job. (Such was the political footwork of one of them that an envious IAS guy called him the best IAS officer the country had ever seen.)
There was no particular professional reason for giving them the job; it was just that the prime minister trusted them or, as was more often the case, didn't care who the governor was so long as the finance minister was okay with him.
Professionally, they were known only within a small group of economists and bureaucrats and, if I recall rightly, not held in any great awe. Indeed, all of them -- Patel included -- were better bureaucrats than economists.
What all these economists learnt while they were in government was that what the Lord giveth, the Lord can also taketh away.
As governors, they grumbled, but they never defied. How can you defy the prime minister if he summons you to tell you to do this or that?
Rajan, in contrast, is the first governor to have come from outside the government/RBI system. His brief stint as chief economic advisor was for cosmetic purposes only.
After four years of working in the system, he surely knows the score, which was stated best by Y V Reddy: A governor is completely independent -- within the limits set by the government.
This column was written before Dr Rajan informed the Reserve Bank of India staff that he will return to academics after his term ends.
IRELAND'S ALEX WRIGHT suffered disappointment in the 20km walk at the World Championships in London today.
The 26-year-old failed to finish the event owing to a disqualification, having found himself 19th after the first 5k.
In a turbulent afternoon for the London-born racewalker, he also had to replace his shoe after being clipped early on in the event.
Wright was subsequently penalised on three occasions for lifting, defined as ‘losing contact with the ground,' and got dismissed from the course as a result.
At 4k, someone clipped the back of my shoe, it fell off,” Wright said afterwards. “I had to stop and (resolve that). I spent the next few km after that chasing down the group again, which is very difficult, it just threw me a bit.
“At about 8k, I was chasing and a lot of cautions came in on me. When you're giving the perception to the judges that you're falling off the group, it doesn't look good, so I picked up three cards and was gone.
I just panicked, I wanted to be in that lead group and I gave it everything to catch it… (The judges) are looking for anything that's not normal, and that wasn't normal for me.
“My year's been brilliant. I've never had such a consistent, good year. I PB'd three times in a row in the 20k and I was in great shape before this, so I'm very disappointed.”
There was, however, better news for fellow Irish racewalker Rob Heffernan earlier, as he finished an impressive eighth in the 50km walk.
Additional reporting by Will Downing
Subscribe to The42 podcasts here:
by Daniel Luban
The executive order that Donald Trump signed last Friday was a shock but not entirely a surprise. The outlines of the order—which temporarily denied entry to the U.S. to all refugees as well as all citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries—could not have been fully unexpected given Trump's stated promises in the year-and-a-half since he first announced his presidential campaign. That something like this was predictable does not, of course, make it any less vile. Its genesis in the “Muslim ban” that Trump suggested on the campaign trail was clear, however many flimsy rationalizations to the contrary his administration might offer.
The shock of the order was due less to its content than to its sudden and chaotic promulgation. Refugees who had been assured of their imminent resettlement found themselves stranded or even facing deportation back to their countries of origin. U.S. permanent residents who happened to be abroad were left wondering when, if at all, they might be able to return home. Agents on the ground in charge of enforcing the order often seemed just as at sea as everyone else. The administration eventually caved on its application of the order to green-card holders, even while insisting that it had been “a massive success story in terms of implementation on every single level.” In the meantime, the mushrooming situation at the airports engendered protests whose size and intensity seemed to have caught even their own participants by surprise.
All this chaos has given rise to a widespread narrative about an administration hamstrung by its own sheer incompetence, a narrative that has taken hold both among the administration's critics and its defenders. Benjamin Wittes, for instance—normally a hawk, but author of one of the most widely read attacks on the order—excoriated it for sheer “malevolence” that was “mitigated chiefly—and perhaps only—by the astonishing incompetence of its drafting and construction.” On the other side, even those offering qualified defenses of the order felt compelled (like National Review's Daniel McLaughlin) to criticize the “unnecessary chaos” triggered by the administration's lack of preparation, which constituted a major “unforced error.”
This narrative may be right—I certainly hope it is. An administration too incompetent to act on its own worst impulses is, sadly, perhaps the best we can hope for while Trump remains in office. But as we try to puzzle out what the Trump era has in store, we should make sure to consider every possible interpretation of what we see in front of us. So in thinking through what's happened over the past weekend, let's abandon for the moment the assumption of a considered policy—however vicious it might be—undercut by unnecessary chaos. Instead, let's consider whether there might have been any purpose to the chaos itself.
Doing so does not involve imagining that the administration is omnipotent and invincible. Already, a counter-narrative has sprung up, according to which everything that's taken place since Friday has been part of a master plan. This narrative could also be right—I hope not!—but my argument here is more limited. I'm inclined to believe (perhaps optimistically) that the administration was genuinely surprised by the intensity of the backlash against the order. My focus here is not on what's happened over the last few days, but on the initial and supposedly incompetent rollout of the order itself.
Bannon in the Lead
In some sense it's misleading to talk about “the administration” as a whole: everything so far indicates that we are dealing with a highly factionalized and disconnected operation, in which many cabinet members are seemingly unaware of decisions coming from the White House until they're announced. This is not to say, however, that the Trump White House is entirely unstructured or chaotic. Reading the tea leaves a week into the term—necessarily a painfully incomplete exercise—suggests that so far power has been highly centralized in the White House, and in particular with aides Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller, who have reportedly been responsible for the executive orders. Bannon and Miller are political operatives, with no expertise in any of the areas for which they're setting policy. At the same time, they are hardly leaves blown in the wind; every indication is that they have strong preferences and are assertive in pursuing them. One of the most striking stories from this weekend was CNN's report that the Department of Homeland Security had originally decided to exempt green-card holders from the executive order, only to be overruled by Bannon and Miller.
The failure to exempt green-card holders was seemingly a major miscalculation: one of the first aspects of the order to attract fire from conservatives, and the first that the administration appeared to back down from. Likewise, nothing was more predictable than that issuing the order without any warning and any delay in its execution would lead to precisely the nightmare that we've witnessed over the last few days. Yet Bannon and Miller went into these decisions with their eyes open. On the green card issue, they consciously and concertedly overruled DHS and its chief John Kelly, a retired four-star Marine general. House Speaker Paul Ryan, in defending the order, suggested that “no one wanted to see people with green cards or special immigrant visas, like translators, get caught up in all of this.” On the contrary, key decision-makers did, in fact, want to see such people get caught up in all of this.
Could Bannon and Miller really have had no inkling about what the order would trigger? Or, to ask the question from another angle: was there anything that the chaos accomplished? Many analysts have pointed out that the executive order would be useless or actively counterproductive in its stated goal of reducing the threat of terrorism, and have suggested that its real rationale sprang from domestic political considerations. In one sense its target may have been Trump's base, to whom the order offered a piece of red meat and a tacit fulfillment of one of his uglier campaign promises.
Another explanation, not inconsistent with the previous one, is that the order aimed at political polarization more generally; inciting protests to serve as hate-objects was part of the plan. Both explanations have some plausibility—although the second should not serve as an excuse for Trump's opponents to preemptively surrender, but simply as a reminder to be prepared for a fight. At the same time, neither one really explains the chaos of the implementation period, which is likely to have dampened enthusiasm among Trump's base and to have increased the resonance of the protests with the public.
The Real Audience
I suspect that the “unnecessary chaos” had a more specific intended audience—Muslims and immigrants here in America. The message delivered was a simple one: you will never be truly safe here. Even if you have lived in America for decades, have children who are U.S. citizens, own a business or run a community organization, it can all be taken away with the stroke of a pen. Perhaps not right now: if you were unfortunate enough to be out of the country for a vacation or business trip or funeral, the government will let you back in eventually, this time. But it will only do so after keeping you on the hot seat long enough to make clear that next time might be different, and that there is no way of knowing ahead of time.
If we view a central goal of the policy not as preventing terror but as sowing terror, many of the seemingly irrational or incompetent features of its rollout begin to make more sense. The fact that it was indiscriminate, applying to everyone with citizenship from the seven countries regardless of their immigration status or history in the U.S. The fact that it was out-of-nowhere, affecting anyone who happened to be outside the country without any advance warning. The fact that its parameters were murky, suggesting to immigrants that even having made it through past forms of vetting was no guarantee of continued residence. It is certainly important to question the implied dichotomies (between “good” and “bad” Muslims, upstanding citizens and potential terrorists) that underlie many criticisms of Trump's executive order. But it is equally important to recognize that the order itself also swept away these distinctions, from the opposite direction.
Steve Bannon is, famously, the liaison between White House and white nationalism. He has done little to conceal his conviction that immigration as such is the problem, independent of the social problems or security concerns to which it allegedly gives rise. (Asked to explain Bannon's thinking in writing the executive order, one confidant reportedly gave a simple answer: “America First. Americans First.”) Trump's order—It's supposedly bungled execution very much included—might reasonably be viewed in light of the broader goal of a white Christian America. The point is not simply to keep out new arrivals, much less the vanishingly rare “terrorists” among them, but to make life unpleasant enough to convince those Muslims and immigrants who are already here to leave.
Formal legal discrimination will probably not be the main mechanism for doing so. Fostering a pervasive sense of fear and uncertainty is equally effective, and far easier to get away with. There is no need to actually round up Muslims. Make it seem like such an event is possible on the horizon, and many of them will (quite reasonably) try to find a less hateful corner of the world to live in. In this regard it is perfectly useful to come off as unhinged, not entirely able to calculate the consequences of one's own actions. And the strategy is very difficult to fight against. We might manage to defeat this or that policy, but who of us could honestly claim to guarantee that things won't get any worse? For now, the best we can do is convince the administration that it has made a serious mistake, by exacting a political price that they will hesitate to pay in the future. That's up to us.
Players from the Chicago Red Stars professional women's soccer club had to walk all of about 10 steps after practice Thursday to be honored for their achievements by the Oak Brook Park District.
The Red Stars have been using the Evergreen Bank Group Athletic Field, operated by the park district, for most of their practices since March 2013. Park district officials decided to congratulate the team on the success it's having this season, and for having eight players chosen to represent three countries in the recent FIFA Women's World Cup.
Red Stars captain Lori Chalupny and teammates Shannon Boxx, Julie Johnston and Christen Press all were part of the 23-member roster for the World Cup champion United States Team.
Karina LeBlanc, Adriana Leon and Melissa Tancredi were members of the Canadian team, and Abby Erceg was captain of the New Zealand squad.
"This is a great place for us to practice," Chalupny said. "We have everything we need right here. It's a great area, and many of the players live around here."
Red Stars coach Rory Dames said he likes everything about using the synthetic turf field in Oak Brook for practice.
"The scenery is fantastic," he said with a smile. "The field is top-notch turf; it's not the real hard turf. "We have about 70 percent of our practices here because we play most of our games on turf."
Dames said the team's home field at Benedictine University Sports Complex in Lisle is turf, as are many fields they plan on for away games.
As president of the Eclipse Select Soccer Club, which uses Oak Brook as one of its five Chicago-area homes, Dames already was familiar with the village, the park district and the athletic field when the Red Stars began practicing in Oak Brook.
"The Oak Brook Park District has been great to work with," he said. "They are very accommodating to us, and we have some privacy, being a bit out of the way here on this field."
More information about the Red Stars, including tickets for matches, is available at www.chicagoredstars.com.
cfieldman@pioneerlocal.com
Twitter: @chuckwriting
Taron Egerton and Jamie Foxx star as Robin Hood and Little John, respectively.
Australian multihyphenate Tim Minchin has joined Lionsgate's Robin Hood: Origins as Friar Tuck, one of Robin Hood's loyal companions.
Taron Egerton is playing the magnanimous thief in the retelling of English folklore, with Jamie Foxx playing Little John and Eve Hewson portraying Maid Marian.
Jamie Dornan and Ben Mendelsohn also star in the action feature, which is being directed by Otto Bathurst.
Origins, which is set to film in Budapest, is scheduled to hit theaters March 23, 2018.
Minchin is known for his stage work, having composed and written the lyrics for the Tony Award-winning Matilda. His theatrical work also includes roles in Australian and U.K. productions of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead and Jesus Christ Superstar.
Currently, he is co-directing and writing the music and lyrics for the DreamWorks animated feature Larrikins.
Minchin is repped by APA, the U.K.'s PBJ and Ginsburg Daniels.
According to the first comprehensive study of the economic effects of climate programs in California's Inland Empire, Riverside and San Bernardino counties experienced a net benefit of $9.1 billion in direct economic activity and 41,000 jobs from 2010 through 2016.
Researchers at UC Berkeley's Center for Labor Research and Education and the Center for Law, Energy and the Environment at Berkeley Law report that many of these jobs were created by one-time construction investments associated with building renewable energy power plants. These investments, they say, helped rekindle the construction industry, which experienced major losses during the Great Recession.
When accounting for the spillover effects, the researchers report in their study commissioned by nonpartisan, nonprofit group Next 10, that state climate policies resulted in a total of $14.2 billion in economic activity and more than 73,000 jobs for the region during the same seven years.
Study focal points
Next 10 commissioned the UC Berkeley researchers to look at four key California climate and clean energy policies: Cap and trade, which requires companies to buy permits to release greenhouse gas emissions; the renewables portfolio standard, which requires 50 percent of the state's electricity to come from renewable sources by 2030; rooftop solar policies; and investor-owned utilities energy efficiency programs.
Because smog in San Bernardino and Riverside counties is consistently among the worst in the state, residents are at especially high risk of pollution-related health conditions.
“California has many at-risk communities — communities that are vulnerable to climate change, but also vulnerable to the policy solutions designed to slow climate change,” said Betony Jones, lead author of the report and associate director of the Green Economy Program at UC Berkeley's Center for Labor Research and Education.
In the Inland Empire, per capita income is approximately $23,000, compared to the state average of $30,000, and 17.5 percent of the residents of Riverside and San Bernardino counties live below the poverty line, compared to 14.7 percent of all Californians.
The Net Economic Impacts of California's Major Climate Programs in the Inland Empire study comes out right after the state's recent decision to extend California's cap-and-trade program, and as other states and countries look to California as a model.
Cap-and-trade
After accounting for compliance spending and investment of cap-and-trade revenue, researchers found cap and trade had net economic impacts of $25.7 million in San Bernardino and Riverside counties in the first four years of the program, from 2013 to 2016.
That includes $900,000 in increased tax revenue and net employment growth of 154 jobs through the Inland Empire economy. When funds that have been appropriated but have not yet been spent are included, projected net economic benefits reach nearly $123 million, with 945 jobs created and $5.5 million in tax revenue.
Proliferation of renewables
The researchers found that the proliferation of renewable energy plants is responsible for over 90 percent of the direct benefit of California's climate and clean energy policies in the Inland Empire. As of October 2016, San Bernardino and Riverside Counties were home to more than 17 percent of the state's renewable generation capacity, according the California Energy Commission.
“Even after accounting for construction that would have taken place in a business-as-usual scenario, new renewable power plants created the largest number of jobs in the region over the seven-year period, generating 29,000 high-skilled, high-quality construction jobs,” said Jones.
The authors compared the jobs created in the generation of renewable electricity with those that would have been created by maintaining natural gas electricity generation. “While renewables create fewer direct jobs, the multiplier effects are greater in the Inland Empire economy,” Jones said. “Altogether, renewable generation contributed over 60,000 net jobs to the regional economy over seven years.”
Rooftop solar, energy efficiency programs
“ “Results like these show that California's models can be exported.” – Ethan Elkind, climate director, UC Berkeley Center for Law, Energy & Environment ”
The report looks at the costs and benefits of the California Solar Initiative, the federal renewables Investment Tax Credit, and investor-owned utility energy efficiency programs, which provide direct incentives for solar installation and energy efficiency retrofits at homes, businesses and institutions. These programs provided about $1.1 billion in subsidies for distributed solar and $612 million for efficiency in the Inland Empire between 2010 and 2016.
While researchers calculated benefits for these two programs separately, they identified the costs of these programs to electricity ratepayers together. When the benefits are weighed against these costs, the total net impact of both programs resulted in the creation of more than 12,000 jobs and $1.68 billion across the economy over the seven years studied.
The report's authors suggest that officials and/or policymakers:
Develop a comprehensive program for transportation, the greatest challenge facing in California's climate goals;
Expand energy efficiency programs to reduce energy use in the existing building and housing stock while reducing energy costs and creating jobs and economic activity;
Ensure that the Inland Empire receives appropriate statewide spending based on its economic and environmental needs;
Develop transition programs for workers and communities affected by the decline of the Inland Empire's greenhouse gas-emitting industries.
“California continues to demonstrate leadership on climate and clean energy, and results like these show that California's models can be exported,” said Ethan Elkind, climate director at the UC Berkeley Center for Law, Energy and the Environment.
Noel Perry, founder of Next 10, said the report gives policymakers and stakeholders the concrete data needed to weigh policy options and investments in the Inland Empire and beyond.
OOPS. It's not even Halloween yet and already a bunch of UK children have been given the fright of their little lives.
Children were left traumatised when supernatural horror film Paranormal Activity 4 was accidentally screened instead of animated family film Madagascar 3 at a cinema in the UK.
"It opens on the most terrifying scene in the first film - where a body shoots full pelt towards the camera," said parent Natasha Lewis, whose attended the screening with her eight-year-old son.
"It's enough to make grown men jump, so you can imagine the terror in these young faces."
Ms Lewis said almost 25 families fled the theatre after images of a corpse hurtling at the screen frightened the children.
"Everybody just scrambled for the exits, all you could hear were children crying and screaming. Everyone was very upset. I've watched a few horror films in my time but the Paranormal Activity films are the scariest since The Exorcist.
"It was only about two minutes worth of the film but it was enough to scar them for life," she said.
Cineworld cinema in Nottingham blamed a "technical error" on the mix-up and apologised to the families involved.
"We take matters such as this very seriously and are currently working with technicians to ensure this does not happen again," the cinema said.
The theatergoers were given refunds as well as complimentary tickets and were invited to attend a later showing of Madagascar 3 free of charge.
Image: FiberCell
Image: FiberCell
Organic solar cells are promising, but up to now, their low efficiency (sub-10%) has meant that they are not quite cost-effective in most applications. But this might change thanks to a breakthrough by FiberCell, a spinoff company that was created by Wake Forest University researchers. How did they make organic solar cells more efficient? They figured out how to have the cells capture more light by stamping optical fibers onto the polymer substrate that forms the foundation of the cell. These fibers, which they call 'light pipes', are perpendicular to the cell and literally pipe in sunlight. Read on for the details.
The beauty of the light pipes is that sunlight can enter the tip of a fiber at any angle and then bounce around until it is absorbed by the organic solar cell.
The best organic solar cells today are nearly 8 percent efficient, although efforts are ongoing to develop organic chemistries that would push the efficiency of such cells above 10 percent. But [David Carroll, professor of physics at Wake Forest University,] says improved chemistries alone won't be enough to catch up to the performance of silicon cells. "The answer doesn't lie in chemistry--it lies in the architecture of the cell itself," he says. [...] The researchers tested a glass fiber cell in the lab and found that the fiber enhanced light absorption by about half. Carroll says that the cells can also produce twice as many watt-hours over the course of a day compared to flat panels because they can receive light from different angles. "It's the same thing as taking a flat device and pointing it directly at the sun all day long," he says. (source)
Image: FiberCell
This is very similar conceptually to "hairy" solar panels that we wrote about a while ago. They use nanowires made from exotic materials like gallium arsenide, indium gallium phosphide instead of optical fibers, but the way they absorb light from many angles works the same.
The Future of FiberCell
The company is currently trying to get a cash injection from investors to produce cells for roof tiles and similar products because they are the applications that would benefit most from the "all angles" benefit of the light pipes.
David Caroll says: ""If I get this to perform near its maximum, then I have a device that should theoretically be able to surpass 15 percent efficiency, approaching 20 percent." That would make these organic solar cells competitive with the best silicon-based solar panels!
Via Technology Review
More Renewable Energy
Good Move! Google Invests $38.8 Million in Two North Dakota Wind Farms
Steven Chu Announces $200M+ for Clean Solar and Water Power Technologies
Does Direct Drive the Future? Wind Turbines Without Gears are Lighter, Cheaper, More Reliable
THIS IS the world's first official image of Kawasaki's 2011 ZX-10R racer.
The 220bhp machine, which is undergoing a series of intensive testing at Suzuka circuit, will be the basis of the 2011 road bike due for release next year. Visordown has learned the 2011 10R will be an all-new machine belting out a reported 200bhp in road trim.
And with an expected wet weight of less than 200kg, the 2011 ZX-10R is shaping up to be something really special.
We ran the 2011 Kawasaki ZX-10R concept skectch back in June and a very early 2011 Kawasaki ZX-10R concept sketch in January.
It's about time Kawasaki clawed back some of the deficit in the 1000cc market. Let's hope the new 2011 bike really delivers what Kawasaki are promising.
Looks a bit like the BMW S1000RR, which we all thought looked like a ZX-6R and there's more than a passing resemblance to the 2009 Kawasaki/Hayate MotoGP bike pictured below.
It seems like we're going around in circles ...
Publishers all over Africa are finding exciting new voices from all over the continent, writing in a wide variety of styles and genres. Here are five authors to look out for
The South African writer Mike Nicol once told me that when he started writing back in the 80s, he had read most of the books published in his country. I knew what he meant. Every time I walk into any city – whether it's Accra, Algiers, Johannesburg or Nairobi – the first place I want to find is a bookstore, and the first section I seek is the tiny little section labelled Africana/African Literature/African writers. Nine times out of 10 I used to find that I had read every book on the shelf. That is not the case any more. African bookstores continent-wide may prefer stocking Grisham, Picoult, Steel and self-help galore, but these days I always find something new from an African writer.
Here's a personal selection of some authors beyond the two or three African writers whose names come up every time African writers are discussed. They cover a broad range of subjects and genres, but they are all writers who challenge themselves and go the next step with each story.
1. Leonora Miano
Miano's 2005 novel L'intérieur de la nuit (translated by Tamsin Black as In the Dark Heart of the Night) tells the story of a a woman who returns from France to her fictional African village to visit her ill mother. Ostracised by the villagers as a "foreigner" and for failing to bring presents, she decides to leave, but on the eve of her departure a guerrilla group raids her village and uses some twisted form of Pan-Africanism as a way of subjugating the villagers. Miano disliked this English translation, as did many of my French-speaking friends who had read the original novel, and their disapproval compelled me to buy it. I was curious to know just how bad the translation was – and as it turned out, I enjoyed it. If In the Dark Heart of the Night is a bad translation, I would like to read the good translations of all her other work because this Cameroon-born Afro-pean writer, now based in France, is brilliant!
2. HJ Golakai
Two years ago, my South African publisher sent me a manuscript from a Liberian writer. It wasn't perfect, but The Lazarus Effect had a lot going for it. I not only gave my response to the publisher but also searched for HJ's number, called her, and like a groupie told her how much I liked what I had read. Earlier this year, HJ's book was shortlisted for South Africa's premier literary prize, The Alan Paton Award. Crime fiction doesn't often make it on to this list, but the beauty of HJ's writing is that she achieves the rare feat of balancing the book as pop and literary fiction. This may be HJ's first book but if the unpublished prose that I have read is any indication, she is going far.
3. Ondjaki
This Angolan writer, who studied in Lisbon and now lives in Rio de Janeiro, is one of the most prolific writers I know. Good Morning, Comrades tells the story of a young boy growing up in post-civil war Luanda. When his aunt comes to visit from Portugal, he learns that there is a world beyond his home city, one in which people are unafraid and ration cards don't exist. In The Whistler, a traveller walks into a village, visits the church, and soon impresses everyone with his whistling skills. Ondjaki's writing and storylines are deceptively simple but highly entertaining.
4. Chika Unigwe
Before Alastair Campbell tweeted "the best novel so far read this summer", I had read Unigwe's On Black Sisters' Street and loved it. It's the story of four very different women who have all left Africa for Europe in pursuit of wealth and happiness, but whose dreams have collided with the nightmare of Belgium's red-light districts, forcing them to reforge their identities by retelling the stories of who they are.
5. Thando Mgqolozana
A few years ago when Mgqolozana's first book, A Man Who's Not a Man, was published, a South African traditional leader suggested that it should be burnt. That would be a good reason in itself to read Mgqolozana's books, but an even better one is that his prose is as captivating as his plots are controversial. For all the difficult subjects that he explores in his fiction (circumcision in A Man Who's Not a Man, and the virgin birth in the more recent novel Hear Me Alone) he never seems to preach but rather asks the reader to question her or his truth.
Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan did not write a letter to their daughter yesterday. They issued a press release, and called it a letter. I can point at my cat and call it a dog, but guess what, it's still a cat. One of the richest entrepreneurs in the country took their daughter's birth announcement and used it as an opportunity to release a savvy statement about himself and his wife—and their beliefs, and their business plans, and their money—all packaged for quick public consumption. In grand American political fashion, the billionaire couple turned their child, an innocent newborn, into a marketing tool. Max Chan Zuckerberg's birth was her parents' perfect news peg.
I mean, just look at the thing! There's the artfully composed photo, the one that journalists on deadline would inevitably slap atop their glowing articles. (Because free press art is easiest to access when you're in a hurry.) There's the bold-faced text highlighting meaningless buzz phrases like “advancing human potential” and “we must build technology to make change,” plus bullet points that make it easier to digest (and send out breaking news alerts about), prepackaged stats (for context!), and bite-sized quotes built for quote marks. The only thing missing was a phone number for their flak, but that wasn't necessary. The Chan-Zuckerbergs have the most famous flak of them all—it's called Facebook.
What's missing is anything a daughter would actually want to hear from her parents when revisiting this thing years from now. There's no mention of how her parents met or why they brought her into the world, no nuggets of family history, no parental words of wisdom on how to navigate the world. There's almost no love in it at all; despite rambling on for more than 2,000 words, the word love comes up just three times, twice in the very last paragraph and then as the closing.
Everything between those pieces of thinly emotive window dressing is nothing less than a manifesto for how innovative and awesome Zuckerberg, Chan, and Facebook by extension, are going to make the world for the rest of us. They're going to put Internet everywhere, fix America's schools, and give away a bunch of their money for A Cause. With lines like “because we have a moral responsibility to all children in the next generation,” and “we must engage directly with the people we serve” most of this text could be ripped from the notepad of a junior campaign staffer.
That's not to say the things they pitched aren't good, if they actually happen. And who knows if anything the couple proposes in their press release will actually come to fruition. Zuckerberg and Chan don't want people asking about that. Like any polished power-couple, they already know they'll get a free pass on pretty much anything just by first trotting their chid across the stage.
Advertisement
So, what will the Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan Hella Righteous Facebook Pseudo-Charity Of Righteousness actually do? After rambling about in heavy Silicon Valley-ese with a dash of TED talk—that easily recognizable, obviously meaningless collection of buzzwords, numbers, royal we, and open-ended questions—Zuckerberg and Chan lay it out.
Platform One: The Internet
People often think of the internet as just for entertainment or communication. But for the majority of people in the world, the internet can be a lifeline.
It provides education if you don't live near a good school. It provides health information on how to avoid diseases or raise healthy children if you don't live near a doctor. It provides financial services if you don't live near a bank. It provides access to jobs and opportunities if you don't live in a good economy. The internet is so important that for every 10 people who gain internet access, about one person is lifted out of poverty and about one new job is created.
Advertisement
Everyone needs Internet to improve their lives, and to join Facebook. Gee, what a funny coincidence it is that spreading the Internet everywhere will simultaneously increase the value and profit margins of his own company, the second most popular site on said Internet.
Sure, they won't be the first people to do good work without the purest of motivation, but that's not what the Chan-Zuckerberg's are selling here. In this “letter” to little Max, they're making a branding pitch to investors, advertisers, and the world at large.
Platform Two: The Children And Schools
Children who face traumatic experiences early in life often develop less healthy minds and bodies. Studies show physical changes in brain development leading to lower cognitive ability.
... If you have to wonder whether you'll have food or rent, or worry about abuse or crime, then it's difficult to reach your full potential.
If you fear you'll go to prison rather than college because of the color of your skin, or that your family will be deported because of your legal status, or that you may be a victim of violence because of your religion, sexual orientation or gender identity, then it's difficult to reach your full potential. We need institutions that understand these issues are all connected. That's the philosophy of the new type of school your mother is building.
Advertisement
In other words, Chan's plan for a private school for “disadvantaged” kids in East Palo Alto and eastern Menlo Park will be terrific and everyone should back it, even if that $100 million they gave to Newark, N.J., to fix its failing schools was mostly a failure. A quick refresher on how that went, from a Washington Post article on Dale Russakoff's The Prize, which at one point discusses these “well-meaning reformers” failing to “[win] the support of a wary community”:
It is a story of politicians, especially then-Mayor Booker, with more ambition than attention span, leaving behind unfinished business—and students lagging years below grade level—as they climb the political ladder.
It is a story of the earnest young billionaire whose conviction that the key to fixing schools is paying the best teachers well collided with the reality of seniority protections not only written into teacher contracts but also embedded in state law. ... As they envisioned the enterprise before its launch, Russakoff writes of Booker and Zuckerberg, “their stated goal was not to repair education in Newark but to develop a model for saving it in all of urban America.” Yet “two hundred million dollars and five years later, there was at least as much rancor as reform.”
Advertisement
To be clear, that state-law matter isn't some sort of secret piece of information withheld from Zuckerberg. In fact, if he had used his precious web access combined with another tool, something called Google, he could have looked up the state statute himself. This was a failure of an alleged Silicon Valley genius to do basic research via the Internet.
That aside, somehow the tale of Newark got left out of Zuckerberg and Chan's press release today. I suppose, like most parents, they'd prefer to not talk to their child (and the press) about their failures. Instead, let's imagine a future where baby Max learns about next-wave entrepreneurship with her study-buddy in Malawi instead!
Platform Three: “Advancing Human Potential”
As you begin the next generation of the Chan Zuckerberg family, we also begin the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative to join people across the world to advance human potential and promote equality for all children in the next generation. Our initial areas of focus will be personalized learning, curing disease, connecting people and building strong communities. We will give 99% of our Facebook shares—currently about $45 billion—during our lives to advance this mission. We know this is a small contribution compared to all the resources and talents of those already working on these issues. But we want to do what we can, working alongside many others.
Advertisement
Suck it, Bill Gates! Now is a good time to remind you that the Chan Zuckerberg initiative sounds like a charity at all but actually is an LLC—a private company, the same as Facebook.
Will all this make a difference in the world? Maybe. It sounds nice on paper, although the gulf between programs that sound good and those that actually make a difference in this world is really wide. At the very least, Max already seems to have a lot of her life mapped out for her, as her parents' memo speaks to a future where she is free to “build any business and solve any challenge to grow peace and prosperity.” Kinda putting a lot on the kid's shoulders her first day, no? Little girl, are you prepared to disrupt the neoproactivity of the monoparadigm?
On a more basic level, is any of this what little Max will want to do when she grows up?
Advertisement
One thing is for certain. As of this very minute, Max doesn't care about Internet access for the poor. Max, who can't even crawl yet, definitely doesn't care about re-engineering education. Max doesn't care about her inheritance (yet). Yes, she may eventually fret over these things the way the rest of us do, but right now Max wants food and a clean diaper and a flashlight to stare at. In a few years, she'll want her own pony or light saber (or both!). Later on, she'll want her own car. Through all of this, though, what she'll want the most is the unconditional love of her parents. She wants to know her mom and dad will be there when she has her first car accident, her first breakup, her first career failure. She'll probably want that billion-dollar inheritance, too.
None of that is in this letter. Perhaps they put it in a separate letter they kept private, or they never wrote that letter at all. That's their parenting choice, one of millions Zuckerberg and Chan will make in their lives. And the one they made yesterday was to use the birth of their daughter as a news peg to promote themselves and their world vision. In the grand ranking of political sins, that's barely a blip on the radar. But it doesn't make it any less sad.
Advertisement
Image via Facebook
Here's a preview the Halls of Valhalla reverb cartridge + TipTop Z-DSP combo, via Tiptop Audio:
Drums pass through the Z2040 filter that gets modulated by the Z4000 EG. A bass line made of two Z3000 mixed by the MIXZ and sent into another Z2040. The BandPass out of the HATS808 is sent into the Feedback input of the Z-DSP, this gives this high pitched drone, Drums and bass line into the Stereo in of the Z-DSP, the Z-DSP runs the Valhalla DSP prototype card.
The Halls of Valhalla cartridge features 8 original reverberation algorithms, designed to work with the strengths of the Z-DSP, and tailored towards electronic music.
The reverbs in the Halls of Valhalla are arranged in order of perceived size, from small to big to huge to uncomfortably enormous:
Room
Chamber
Plate
EnsembleVerb
Cathedral
Nilfheim
Asgard
Ginnungagap
Halls of Valhalla will be available Q1 2014. Pricing and distribution are TBA.
Planning a RTW trip? Sign up for Plan Your RTW Trip in 30 Days-Family Edition – it's free!
If you're not part of a traveling family, sign up for the original Plan Your RTW Trip in 30 Days and start receiving email lesson plans tomorrow!
What comes to mind when you think of “longterm travel?”
A three week vacation instead of the standard American two weeks? A month off? A summer in Europe? Round the world? A gap year? There are all sorts of travel, and all have value. If all you can manage is a week's break and a package tour of Bermuda, by all means, take it! So we don't confuse a two week trip to the Mayan Riviera with longterm travel, let's begin with a definition of terms:
Vacation
Usually one month or less, funded by a “real job” back home, and usually granted by permission of a manager or someone else that you have to “ask” for the time off. A vacation is a total break from your real life, relaxation, adventure, not what you do every day. Vacations are good. We all need them.
Summer Break
Usually 1-3 months in duration, you're using the school schedule to your advantage and getting a little extended time away. Usually funded by saving up. Tends to be a gateway drug to longer term travel. I took my first summer trip on my own when I was 16, never looked back.
[social]
RTW
A round the world trip. A classic adventure that has become a highly marketed commodity. RTW tickets and packaged “adventures” are sold hand over fist to the young and newbie travelers. They are wonderful. If you've never traveled and you want to go RTW, no reason not to take one. But… you could just go on your own, without the tickets pre-arranged. Usually 12 weeks to a year in duration, if you come back from this without serious and growing wanderlust, I'll be shocked. Usually funded by saving up.
Gap Year
For the slightly more adventurous, a gap year is a year in the world, free form travel, perhaps volunteering or Wwoofing, perhaps not. In my opinion, a gap year is a very valuable, perhaps even essential part of an education; especially if a person was not well traveled as a child.
There are people who long for more, who desire to travel in an open ended way for a variety of reasons. These people fall into a group I call “Longterm Slow Travelers.” (LTST)
LTST
Longterm Slow Travelers are a growing demographic of nomadic folks who keep going after their gap year, or restructure their lives later to recapture something they realize they've lost in the “real world” of the corporate universe. These people travel slowly, spend a month to more than a year in one place at a time, dig deep into a culture and a language, seek to understand the world around them. It's about the journey, not the destination. It's open ended. It's funded along the way, either by converting a career to something location independent, or by recreating their whole definition of self and creating multiple income streams through a variety of means.
Does this idea appeal to you? Let me introduce you to a few of my friends:
Talon Windwalker: Single dad who closed the door on a career, pulled his kid out of school, and hit the road. He's a SCUBA instructor and a writer now, working as he goes. He's about a year and a half into his journey.
Theodora Sutcliff: Single mum and son on an open-ended world tour. If you think her blog is fabulous, you should read her son's!
Family Travel Bucket List: These folks have seven kids. You read that right! And they are fulltime travelers. If a family with seven kids can make it happen, what's your excuse?
Duane Forrest: A good buddy of mine. I thought I'd throw in a single guy just for balance. He plays his guitar to support himself and set up an arts school in Honduras for underprivileged children in his village.
These are just four of my friends. I know of hundreds of people who make LTST their lives. You can, too.
The Secrets of LTST
1. It's not a vacation
This is our life. We work, just like you do. Well, probably not just like you do, we work around our lives instead of living around our work, and that's a mental shift that's important to make. All of the hard things that happen at home, happen on the road, too, only in strange places and languages we may, or may not, speak. Don't make the mistake of confusing “dream life” with “easy life,” or perpetual vacation.
It's about the journey, not the destination.
2. We have bases
LTST does not mean that we never have a “home.” We might choose to ride our bicycles and sleep in tents for a year or three, but we also know that fully furnished homes can be rented for a song in most of the places you dream of going. We've rented in France, Guatemala, Czech Republic, Tunisia, USA, and Thailand, to name a few. You walk in with your backpack and you're home, right down the to forks and knives that are waiting for you.
This article is being written from a three bedroom, two-bath house with A/C and a pool, walking distance to a pristine beach in Nai-Yang, Thailand. We're paying approximately $560 USD a month.
There are several ways to find a base: Google “holiday homes,” “vacation rentals,” or “fully furnished rentals” for an idea of what to expect. A better approach is to have a little faith in the universe and just show up where you want to be and pound the pavement until you find what you want! The best places aren't usually listed online!
3. We're going deep, not just wide
Talk to your standard gap year or RTW traveler and you'll immediately get the laundry list of countries, landmarks, and experiences they've ticked off of their list. There's nothing wrong with that – seeing things is good and going several places is important. Here's the difference with the LTST crowd though: We're usually going deep in a culture, not just wide around the world. It's often about cultural understanding, language acquisition, or education in our crowd. We see plenty of stuff, too, but the stuff we see is often not in the guidebooks. I know it sounds snobbish. It's not meant to. It's just that some things take time, and there's no substitute for giving yourself the time.
4. It's a balancing act
We're continually balancing work and travel, but we're also continually balancing enthusiasm and burnout. Longterm travel can get tiring, and knowing when to root down and take a break vs. when to push forward and create momentum and adventure is not always easy. It's one thing to carefully plan your year, which goes frighteningly fast once you're headed RTW; it's another thing to be diving into your fifth year but only your fourth continent with no real “end” in sight.
Making it happen:
Often LTST grows out of a passion discovered on a gap year or RTW trip. People are bitten by the travel bug and have to keep going. Sometimes it's passion driven based on social justice issues: education, agriculture, human trafficking, the plight of orphans, or food distribution. There are as many reasons to make a life of travel as there are travelers doing it. For our family, it's all about education and bringing the world to our children as we show them the pale blue dot we call home.
The harsh reality is that not everyone can do this, but MOST people could, if they really wanted to. We have friends with health challenges that preclude leaving their home town, which makes us all the more grateful for the freedom we have in this season of our lives. There is no guarantee, and to put off our dreams for some nebulous “later” is a dangerous gamble indeed.
There is no guarantee, and to put off our dreams for some nebulous “later” is a dangerous gamble indeed.
For most people, LTST is totally possible. I know this because I know people from all walks of life who are doing it: single, couples, parents, intentionally child-free, young people, and one very old man who we met cycling for three months across Europe at 82 years old. It was not his first (or his last) solo cycle tour. We know people with physical and psychological differences who do it, people with serious health challenges in their families who are traveling full time, people who make six figures on the road and people who cobble together the next month's income out of the magic of the internet, day by day.
For most people, it's just a matter of restructuring priorities and income streams. People of all ages and walks of life make it happen. Career and money obstacles are the most cited reasons that people “can't” to do it… and are also among the lamest and easiest to overcome. There are good reasons not to travel – money isn't one of them. Does that rankle you? I'm not saying money doesn't matter, au contraire, but money is an obstacle that can be overcome. Check out the websites of Adam Baker, Chris Guillebeau, or Lea Woodward for help on that front.
Planning: Less is more
LTST is not about checking stuff off of a list or making the “highlights” tour as is so often the case with RTW travel, or a fixed time frame adventure. It's fine to have an over arching goal: we know one family road tripping North and South America who aim to hit every single country, another family that is determined to see the “biggest” thing they can find in each place they go, ours is to touch our children's feet to each continent before we emancipate them to their own paths. But there doesn't have to be a time frame, because there's no rush.
For most people, it's just a matter of restructuring priorities and income streams. People of all ages and walks of life make it happen.
You can follow the work, seasonally, or on a contract basis. You can travel specifically to learn languages or other skills. You can migrate with the good weather. After a couple of years you manage to untether from that guidebook and the expectations of others and find yourself walking authentically in the world, as yourself, and seeing through your own eyes. Resist the urge to over plan, and that gets easier.
10 reasons why LTST is a great way to spend a decade:
Because you need to learn and you need to discover your authentic self and be stretched. Because you're here now, you're healthy now, and you're not promised more than right now. Because kids grow up too fast to waste any time. Because your career needs a makeover. Because you need to learn to believe in yourself, support yourself, and succeed in your own right. Because we all need to redefine what “succeed” means. Because you want to give back to the world that gave you life. Because you need to remember how to dream. Because you're dying… everyday, a little more. Because you want to.
Alan Pardew's side hope to capitalise on the 22-year-old's poor form in front of goal that could be putting off former suitors Tottenham, Newcastle, and Stoke.
Berahino has only scored one Premier League goal since October, and his usually reliable finishing has been wayward in recent weeks.
He started on the bench for Saturday's 3-0 home defeat to West Ham, but even so the speculation from last year looks set to continue this summer as clubs weigh up whether the young English striker is still worth a bid.
Palace are in desperate need of a goalscoring striker having relied too heavily on midfielders and defenders this season.
Pulis reckons the lengthy transfer saga has played with Berahino's mind and wants him to clear his head once the season is over.
"I hope he goes on holiday and has a nice break and enjoys himself," said Pulis. "That's what I think that Saido needs to do.
"It's going to be same old, if we come back for pre-season and Saido's still here it will be the same questions that I've had to bat away for the past 18 months."
Pulis wants to overhaul the attacking options at the club but he has previously stated that he'd like Berahino to sign a new deal to keep him at The Hawthorns.
Republican candidates are down in Texas this week to woo another important potential voting bloc. No, there isn't a billionaires convention in town --- it's a meeting of the evangelical National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference . Jeb Bush was there, of course, speaking his fluent Spanish and touting adorable latin nicknames, as the Bush brothers are wont to do. (Recall that for reasons which remain obscure, W used to call NY Times reporter Frank Bruni "Panchito," and Jeb shared that he calls his son George P. Bush "Chicharito," which means "little pea.") Jeb also made the pitch that immigrants should be able to come out of the shadows and talked up ISIS as a major threat to Christians everywhere. By all accounts, he was much more relaxed and comfortable than usual and the crowd received him well.
But it was Mike Huckabee who surprised observers with a rousing speech, which he opened with his characteristic humor saying, "I do not come to you tonight with the ability to speak Spanish. But I do speak a common language: I speak Jesus." And that he did.
Advertisement:
Huckabee didn't bring up ISIS, but he did make the case that Christianity is in grave danger here in the U.S. He said "We are living in perilous times where people who are Christian are on the brink of being criminalized for their conviction." He even went so far as to say that, while he respected the Supreme Court, "it is not the supreme being. It cannot overrule God." These are the kind of fighting words that social conservatives of all stripes love to hear.
It's not surprising that GOP candidates would appear before this group. It's long been an article of faith that this was the most likely path by which the Republicans could entice Hispanic voters to come over to their side. The community has traditionally been Catholic, but this is a growing religious bloc within it and they share many of the same views on social issues. Indeed, it was aussumed that it was George W. Bush's identity as a "born again" Christian which led so many Latinos to vote for him in 2000. Hispanics are assumed to be very traditional and conservative, which makes them natural GOP voters, if only they knew it. (Or so the thinking goes.)
And the GOP is desperate to find a way to get them to vote Republican. I've written before about Republican pollster Whit Ayres's assertion that a GOP presidential candidate must be able to get more than 40 percent of the Hispanic vote in order to win. (He's working for Marco Rubio, so who knows if that's a self-serving statistic or not.) But regardless of the exact number, it's clear that Republicans need to do better than Mitt Romney with this voting bloc if they expect to come out ahead on election day. And their base's obsessive hostility to immigration reform is a serious impediment to getting there. Reaching out as co-religionists is their best hope.
Unfortunately, they have a big problem. Hispanic evangelicals interpret their traditional family values a little bit differently than other evangelicals:
By all measures, Hispanic Evangelicals embrace a much more expansive view of government than do whites, especially white Evangelicals. Sixty-two percent of Hispanic Evangelicals said in a May 2014 Pew survey that they supported “a bigger government with more services”; only 25 percent said they wanted “smaller government with fewer services.” This preference for larger government in the abstract is longstanding: A 2007 Pew poll found that 66 percent of Hispanic Evangelicals would rather pay higher taxes for more government services. They were only slightly more conservative on this score than Hispanics overall in the 2014 poll, who supported bigger government by a 67–21 margin, and they were slightly more supportive of big government than Hispanics overall in the 2007 survey. According to the Pew survey, America as a whole in 2014 supports smaller government by a 51–40 margin, and white Evangelicals support smaller government by margins close to 2–1. Hispanic Evangelicals' disagreement with conservative domestic-policy orthodoxy extends to many important issues. Fifty percent of them believe that government should guarantee health care for all Americans, and 57 percent prefer life without parole to the death penalty for convicted murderers. But the starkest differences come on the very sort of core economic questions that animate many conservative activists. Data from the 2013 Hispanic Values Survey, conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute, bear this out. Eighty-two percent of Hispanic Evangelicals supported raising the minimum wage to $10 an hour, and 69 percent supported raising tax rates on Americans earning over $250,000 a year. Perhaps most disturbingly, 60 percent believed that the best way to promote economic growth was to raise taxes on wealthy individuals and businesses to pay for more government spending on education and infrastructure; only 37 percent believed that lowering taxes and cutting spending on government programs was the best way to go.
That's from the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center, in a piece practically begging Republican candidates to figure out how to speak to socially conservative Hispanics in a way that truly embraces their values. I just have to say, "Good luck with that." The author of that piece points out the problem very clearly.
That doesn't mean that conservatives should write off Hispanic Evangelicals. But it does mean that pure libertarianism, which rejects the idea that government can competently do almost anything to help people, is unlikely to win their support.
Unfortunately for the Republican Party, to do that would undermine the very foundation of everything they believe in. Republicans may disagree about this and that, but the fabric that forms the Big Tent is a belief in a small government. To embrace the idea that government can competently help people would be heretical.
Advertisement:
The idea that Jeb Bush can do this is laughable. And there's little reason to believe he's even going to try. Instead he's going to send out some cultural signifiers, his marriage to a Mexican American woman, and his Texas and Florida roots. But that's not going to help him with specifics. His economic philosophy is doctrinaire laissez faire and he won't be able to finesse that any better than Mitt Romney did. "Free market fundamentalism" means the same thing in Spanish as it does in English.
Mike Huckabee can make some small claim to populism with his record of raising some regressive sales taxes in Arkansas to pay for education. He can speak Jesus and he can also communicate reasonably well in Average Joe Sixpack, which is helpful. But there is no way he could ever get away with GOP apostasy on the efficacy of government and he knows it. He might as well declare himself a socialist and join Bernie Sanders on the trail. Never going to happen.
Hispanics, including evangelicals, may believe in traditional family values, but they think those families should have a roof over their head and food on the table and access to decent medical care and education. They just don't buy the idea that being a good Christian is contingent upon rich people getting tax cuts and government abandoning the vulnerable. It would appear that they actually speak Jesus a little bit more fluently than their non-Latino counterparts.
HAVANA, Cuba (AFP) -- Brazilian legend Pele said yesterday he backed Sepp Blatter's re-election as FIFA president last week despite the corruption scandal embroiling world football's governing body, saying it needed an "expert" chief.
"I was in favour," Pele told journalists at Havana airport ahead of a match between the Cuban national team and his former club the New York Cosmos. "We needed an expert guy."
Pele, the only player to win three World Cup titles, closed out his career in the 1970s at the Cosmos, who will play Cuba today in an exhibition match symbolic of the thawing ties between the United States and its former Cold War foe.
It is the first visit to Cuba for the 74-year-old former star, who has recently faced a series of health problems.
Blatter, FIFA's president since 1998, was re-elected Friday to a new four-year term.
The vote came two days after US officials indicted 14 people, including nine current and former FIFA executives on charges of fraud, money laundering and bribery.
Left to Right: gt. HIDE-ZOU, ba. Tsumehito vo. ASAGI, gt. Ruiza, ds. HIROKI
D Revival One-Man Tour 2015 HAPPY UNBIRTHDAY
August 29 (Sat) at Akasaka BLITZ
OPEN / 17: 30 START / 18: 00
Ticket (adv) / ¥ 5,400
General Release Date: July 25 (Sat)
[INFO] DISK GARAGE / TEL 050-5533-0888 (weekdays 12:00 to 19:00)
September 19 (Sat) at Umeda CLUB QUATTRO
OPEN / 16: 30 START / 17: 00
Tickets (adv) / ¥ 4,860
General Release Date: July 25 (Sat)
[INFO] SOGO Osaka / TEL 06-6344-3326
September 21 (Mon) at Nagoya Electric Lady Land
OPEN / 16: 30 START / 17: 00
Ticket (adv) / ¥ 4,860
General Release Date: July 25 (Sat)
[INFO] Sunday fork promotion / TEL 052-320-9100
RELATED POSTS
Exciting news forfans! The band recently announced they will be off their hiatus and will restart musical activities again! The band started their hiatus back in the end of 2014 after announcing last August that it was due to vocalist's temporomandibular joint and muscle disorder.To celebrate, the band will be holding a short one-man tour titled. The tour will kick off in late August and end in September. Below are the tour dates:In addition,also announced they will be releasing a new single as well! Their new single will be calledand it will be released sometime in September. More details will be revealed at a later date.Source: OHP
Two young men, ages 14 and 17, suffered life-threatening injuries in a shooting under investigation by Federal Way police. No suspects are in custody.
Two teenagers suffered life-threatening injuries after a shooting Saturday night in Federal Way.
Kent police were initially dispatched to reports of a shooting around 10:40 p.m. in the area of 2200 blocks of South 272nd Street, where officers found two young men, ages 14 and 17, lying in the roadway. Both had suffered multiple gunshot wounds, according to a news release.
Both victims were transported to Harborview Medical Center. Their conditions were not immediately known Sunday morning.
No arrests have been made.
The shooting occurred on the border between Kent and Federal Way, whose officers are handling the investigation. A Federal Way department news release said detectives developed information that the victims had been involved in “some type of dispute or altercation” just before the shots were fired.
Just before Kent police received the call about the victims, Federal Way officers were called to investigate a report of shots fired at a nearby apartment complex in the 27800 block of Pacific Highway South. No victims were located on arrival, however police did find a car damaged by bullets.
Officers are not sure whether the two incidents are related, Federal Way spokeswoman Cathy Schrock said.
HUNTINGTON BEACH (CBSLA.com) — A 21-year-old man is in custody Monday on suspicion of raping a 72-year-old woman in Huntington Beach, police said.
Ahkail Demyers was arrested on suspicion of several sex assault charges in connection with the rape of a woman at a senior living apartment complex in the area of Main and Yorktown, according to Officer Marlatt of the Huntington Beach Police Department.
Officers were sent to the complex at about 7:50 p.m. Sunday and found the woman, who said she had been raped by a man who was still in the area. The woman said she came into contact with the suspect in the complex and had a conversation with him.
When she went back to her apartment, she told police the suspect followed her inside and sexually assaulted her.
The initial investigation found that the suspect may have an acquaintance at the complex and also resides there himself, police said.
The investigation into the sexual assault is continuing and no further details were released.
Immigration and economic prosperity
Florence Jaumotte, Ksenia Koloskova, Sweta C. Saxena
Rapidly ageing populations, the refugee crisis, and growing anti-immigration rhetoric have brought immigration issues to the forefront recently. Using a panel of 18 countries, this column explores the long-term effects of migration on receiving advanced economies' GDP per capita and labour productivity. Both high- and low-skilled migrants are found to raise productivity and GDP, and these gains appear to be broadly shared across the population.
While the recent surge in refugees has brought attention to migration issues, there is already a large population of migrants living in advanced economies, and migration continues to be on the rise. In many advanced economies, migrants constitute 15–20% of the adult population, and this number reaches 30% in some Anglo-Saxon countries. Migrants have accounted for half the growth in the working-age population of advanced economies between 1990 and 2015. And the UN projects that without further migration, the working-age population would decline in most advanced economies over the next 15 years, due to population ageing. These large numbers suggest that migrants can potentially have a significant impact on host economies.
Figure 1. Migrants and working age population, selected countries
Figure 2. Attitudes to trade and immigration
However, migration is a politically difficult issue and the rhetoric surrounding it has turned more negative in recent years. Public sentiment in advanced economies is actually much more negative when it comes to immigration than to trade. A careful examination of the impact of migration on host economies is thus critical.
Short-term pain, long-term gains
There are at least two potential reasons for the negative rhetoric. It has been argued that migrants can displace native workers in the labour market, or lower their wages. Most studies find only a limited effect of migration on the average wages and employment of native workers (for a survey, see Peri 2014). However, some find a negative impact on the wages of low-skilled workers (e.g., Borjas 2003, Card 2001). Migration has also been associated with social tensions – in part related to differences in culture and language – when migrants find it difficult to integrate in the labour market and in society. In Europe, surveys show that personal concerns over the compositional effects of migration – such as language and culture – matter much more to people than economic concerns such as jobs (Card et al 2012).
Much less is known, however, about the impact of immigration on the long-term prosperity of receiving economies, as measured by GDP per capita. This impact can go through two channels. First, as migrants are mostly of working age, migration increases the share of working-age population. If migrants are integrated in the labour market and are employed productively, this can boost GDP per capita. Second (and much less discussed), migration can also affect labour productivity. On the one hand, immigration can lower labour productivity, at least initially, as the entry of new labour reduces the available physical capital per worker, or if migrants are less educated on average than natives. On the other hand, the microeconomic literature suggests that migrants can increase productivity by increasing the diversity of skills and ideas, fostering skill complementarity and specialisation, and encouraging the upgrading of natives' skills.
In a new paper, we examine the long-term effects of immigration at the macro level, specifically on the GDP per capita and labour productivity of receiving advanced economies (Jaumotte et al. 2016). Two earlier, broad cross-country studies found that immigration has a large effect on both income per capita and productivity (Ortega and Peri 2014, Alesina et al 2016). Compared with these studies, our research makes three contributions. First, it focuses exclusively on advanced economies, rather than a mixed sample of higher- and lower-income host countries. This provides results directly relevant for advanced economies, where the number of migrants has been larger relative to the native population and income levels are higher.[1] Second, we examine whether the GDP per capita impact varies for different skill levels of migrants, using a new panel database that provides the number of migrants by country of origin and education level for 18 advanced economies at five-year intervals during 1980–2010. Last but not least, we go beyond the aggregate impact of migration on GDP per capita to examine how broadly the gains are shared across the population.
Migrants increase GDP per capita and productivity
Identifying the effect of immigration on GDP per capita at the macroeconomic level is difficult due to endogeneity issues. For instance, a positive relationship could reflect the fact that high incomes in advanced economies attract migrants rather than migrants contributing positively to GDP per capita. To address the risk of reverse causality and other biases, we follow Ortega and Peri (2014) and Alesina et al. (2016) and construct an instrumental variable for the aggregate migration share using a gravity-type model and data on bilateral migration stocks. The model predicts migration based solely on factors which are largely exogenous to the host economies' income levels. These factors include ‘push' factors, which capture economic and political conditions in source countries, and geography- and culture-based costs of migration between host and source countries.
We find that migrants help increase per capita income levels in host advanced economies, and this effect is both statistically and economically significant. Our estimates suggest that a one percentage point increase in the share of migrants in the adult population (the average annual increase is 0.2 percentage point) can raise GDP per capita by up to 2% in the long run. Moreover, this effect comes mainly through an increase in labour productivity and, to a lesser extent, through the more standard channel of an increase in the ratio of working-age to total population.
The result survives a number of robustness checks, which include controlling for other determinants of income per capita (trade openness, the level of technology, the education level, and age structure of the host population, and policy variables); excluding from the sample countries that were created through migration and have high income levels (USA, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand); and using alternative gravity model-based instruments.
Both high- and low-skill migrants help
We find that both high- and low-skill migrants raise labour productivity. There is no evidence of major physical or human capital dilution, as investment adjusts over time to the larger pool of workers, and migrants are increasingly high-skilled. Instead, our results suggest that the complementarities that earlier analyses uncovered mostly at the micro level are also relevant at the macro level. The evidence from the microeconomic literature suggests that the positive productivity effects come from increased TFP and human capital. High-skilled migrants contribute to productivity directly, including through innovation, and indirectly through their positive spillovers on native workers. Low- and medium-skilled migrants can also contribute to aggregate productivity, to the extent that their skills are complementary to those of natives, promoting occupational reallocation and task specialisation. For instance:
Migrants can take jobs in sectors for which natives are in short supply, such as in agriculture, nursing, housekeeping, and landscaping. Without migrants, natives would have to be incentivised to provide these essential services, and the result would be lower supply at higher cost.
When migrants take up more manual routine jobs, natives move to perform more complex tasks (associated with abstract and communication skills), which promotes their skill upgrading (D'Amuri and Peri 2014).
Last but not least, there are complementarities between low-skilled migrants and high-skilled native females. In fact, we find empirical support for this so-called ‘nanny effect' – when help from low-skilled migrants is available – through greater availability of childcare and household services, then native women – especially those with higher skills – increase their labour supply (Cortés and Tessada 2011).
Figure 3. Effect of increase in migrant share in total adult population
Gains are broadly shared
An increase in average income per capita does not necessarily guarantee that the broad population is better off. If all the income gains were captured by companies' top executives and shareholders, the broad population might not benefit and could actually be worse off. Our analysis finds, however, that the gains from immigration are broadly shared across the population. Migration increases the average income per capita of both the bottom 90% and the top 10% of earners, even though high-skilled migration benefits more top earners — possibly because of a stronger synergy between migrants and natives with high skills. Moreover, the Gini coefficient — a broad measure of income inequality within the bottom 90% of earners — is not affected by the migrant share.
Policy implications
While migration may come with short-term costs – for example, to foster the labour market integration of refugees – our study shows that it might be worth shouldering these to reap long-term benefits of increased income levels and prosperity.
The policies that help migrants integrate faster include language training, job search support, better recognition of their education and work experience, and lower barriers to entrepreneurship (Aiyar et al 2016). While these policies may require additional public spending, they allow migrants to obtain a job, increasingly contribute to the fiscal accounts, and aid the long-term increase in GDP per capita.
At the same time, while the benefits from migration seem to be broadly shared, some native workers, too, may require help to adjust, for example by upgrading their skills. Policymakers also need to avoid a possible overburdening of public services such as health care and education to contain a possible build-up of social tensions.
Editor's note: The views expressed herein are those of the authors and should not be attributed to the IMF, its Executive Board, or its management.
References
Aiyar, S, B Barkbu, N Batini, H Berger, E Detragiache, A Dizioli, C Ebeke, H Lin, L Kaltani, S Sosa, A Spilimbergo and P Topalova (2016) “The refugee surge in Europe: Economic challenges”, IMF Staff Discussion Note 16/02, Washington: International Monetary Fund.
Aleksynska, M and A Tritah (2015) “The heterogeneity of immigrants, host countries' income and productivity: A channel accounting approach”, Economic Inquiry, 53(1): 150-172.
Alesina, A, J Harnoss and H Rapoport (2016) “Birthplace diversity and economic prosperity”, Journal of Economic Growth, 21(2): 101–38.
Borjas, G J (2003) “The labor demand curve is downward sloping: Reexamining the impact of immigration on the labor market”, Quarterly Journal of Economics, 118(4): 1335–74.
Card, D (2001) “Immigrant inflows, native outflows, and the local market impacts of higher immigration”, Journal of Labor Economics, 19(1): 22–64.
Cortés, P and J Tessada (2011) “Low-skilled immigration and the labor supply of highly skilled women”, American Economic Journal: Applied Economics, 3(3): 88–123.
D'Amuri, F and G Peri (2014) “Immigration, jobs, and employment protection: Evidence from Europe before and during the Great Recession”, Journal of the European Economic Association, 12(2): 432–64.
Jaumotte, F, K Koloskova and S Saxena (2016) “Impact of migration on income levels in advanced economies”, IMF Spillover Note, Issue 8, October.
Ortega, F and G Peri (2014) “Openness and income: The role of trade and migration”, Journal of International Economics, 92(2): 231–51.
Peri, G (2014) “Do immigrant workers depress the wages of native workers?”, IZA World of Labor.
Endnotes
[1] Looking at OECD countries, Aleksynska and Tritah (2015) also found a positive effect of immigration on income per capita and productivity of host countries, especially for prime-age immigrants.
Those deficiencies suggest that even with unified Republican control of Congress, Trump will struggle to post many, and perhaps any, landmark legislative victories. But far from the headlines, in decisions usually announced in the small print of the Federal Register, his administration is making a sharp turn to the right in virtually every federal department and agency. Cumulatively, these executive actions amount to an organized assault on Democratic priorities and a hard tilt toward corporate and conservative preferences.
“If there is something [already] on the books, the administration has enormous ability to establish its enforcement priorities,” said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, the president of the American Action Forum, a center-right think tank. “They can switch an awful lot very quickly, and they have.”
The lawsuit filed Monday captures the trench warfare that is now unfolding far from the daily dumpster fire of White House controversies. The suit is rooted in legislation Congress approved in 2012 that, for the first time, required states to establish quantitative benchmarks to measure whether federal transportation dollars were helping them achieve seven specific goals. Those included promoting safety, reducing congestion, and encouraging environmental sustainability. Toward that last objective, the Obama administration issued regulations just before it left office requiring states to track and report greenhouse-gas emissions on their highways, and to set goals for reducing them.
Deron Lovaas, an urban-issue specialist at the NRDC, explained that those regulations were intended to complement rules the Obama administration had issued requiring automakers to improve the fuel efficiency of cars and trucks. “This addresses traffic,” he told me. “Over the long run, no matter how good and clean vehicles become … your gains [in reducing emissions] can be outstripped if traffic continues to increase unchecked.”
With transportation now exceeding electricity generation as the largest source of U.S. greenhouse-gas emissions, environmental groups believe the highway rule could prompt creative thinking from local governments about how to reduce traffic—from promoting mass transit to reconsidering land-use patterns. A similar California state requirement has shown promise on exactly those fronts.
But after taking office, the Trump administration twice delayed the reporting requirement for highway emissions. Then in May, it shelved the rule indefinitely, while allowing other reporting and target requirements to proceed. The environmentalists' lawsuit, now in federal district court in New York, claims these decisions violated federal administrative procedure because they were taken without any opportunity for public input. (The highway administration said it does not comment on pending lawsuits.)
Recipe by: Jen Lin-Liu , author of On the Noodle Road and the food blog Feeding a Family of Four
Make the dough:
Heap flour on a large, flat surface and make a well in the center.
Pour 1 cup of water into the well and work it into the flour, mixing with your hands. Slowly add more water, about ¼ cup at a time, mixing thoroughly until all the flour has been incorporated and the dough is soft, pliable, and smooth.
Transfer the dough to a clean surface and knead by hand or with a stand mixer for 3 to 5 minutes, then cover the dough with a damp cloth or wrap it in plastic and let it sit for at least 30 minutes.
Roll out the dough:
Make sure the rolling surface is clean and dry, then dust it with flour. Break off a quarter of the dough to work with, leaving the rest under the damp cloth or wrapped in plastic. Knead the dough briefly, then flatten and stretch it with your hands into a rectangle. Sprinkle the dough with flour and flatten the dough with a rolling pin, forming a long rectangle about ¼ inch thick and about a third the width of the pin.
Starting with the end closest to you, flatten a small section of the dough, rolling the pin back and forth in a rapid and forceful motion. Pause frequently to sprinkle the rolling surface, the dough, and your pin with flour. Once you've flattened the first section, liberally flour the surface of the dough and roll it onto the pin, then move on to the next section, pushing down on the pin to make the layers thinner and wider (though not wider than the width of the pin). Unwind the dough occasionally and sprinkle it with additional flour to make sure the layers of dough don't stick together. If the dough gets too difficult to work with, cut it in half crosswise and work one half at a time. Once you've flattened all the dough, unfurl it and check that it's uniformly thin (but not paper-thin), flattening any thicker sections with the pin. The dough should be no more than 2 millimeters thick.
Wrap the dough once more around the pin, then, holding the pin above the board, unroll the dough so that it folds over itself in S-shaped layers about 3 inches wide. With a sharp knife, cut the dough crosswise. For standard Chinese noodles, cut the dough into ⅛-inch-wide strands. Shake the noodles lightly with your fingers to separate the strands, then set them aside on a surface or plate sprinkled with flour while you roll out the rest of the dough, a quarter at a time.
Cook the noodles:
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Drop in the noodles. Boil for 4 to 5 minutes.
Remove the noodles from heat and drain. Chinese noodles are often bathed quickly in cold water to stop the cooking process.
Toss the noodles with a sauce of your own choosing. Serve immediately.
The Seattle Department of Transportation has chosen Shilshole Avenue as the site for the missing link of the Burke-Gilman Trail, siding with the biking community in a decades-long dispute with Ballard's maritime industry. But SDOT still hasn't settled on a final route.
The Seattle Department of Transportation has chosen to build the missing link of the Burke-Gilman Trail on Shilshole Avenue in Ballard, a victory for the biking community in a decades-long dispute with Ballard marine and industrial businesses.
The Burke-Gilman, a protected biking and walking trail, runs from the north end of Lake Washington for 18 miles to 11th Avenue Northwest in Ballard. There, at the Fred Meyer, it abruptly stops, pushing bikers onto narrow, trafficked streets veined with railroad tracks for about 1.4 miles — until the trail reappears at the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks.
SDOT, in a presentation Wednesday to the City Council's Sustainability and Transportation Committee, did not settle on final route for the missing-link bike path, but rather ruled out two alternate routes — ones that would have traveled along Ballard Avenue or Leary Avenue.
“It comes down to the fact that the Shilshole alignment serves the purpose and need of the project,” said Mark Mazzola, SDOT's environmental manager. “It's the flattest, most direct route, the least number of intersection crossings.”
In 2010, the city estimated the cost of the missing-link bike path at about $14 million, but it has not revisited that estimate since, Mazzola said.
The dispute over the missing link stretches back more than 20 years, to at least 1996. Bicyclists argue that a route along Shilshole Avenue is the simplest, most direct route to complete the trail.
Learn more about Traffic Lab » | Follow us on Twitter » Traffic Lab is a Seattle Times project that digs into the region's thorny transportation issues, spotlights promising approaches to easing gridlock, and helps readers find the best ways to get around. It is funded with the help of community sponsors Alaska Airlines, CenturyLink, Kemper Development Co., NHL Seattle, PEMCO Mutual Insurance Company and Seattle Children's hospital. Seattle Times editors and reporters operate independently of our funders and maintain editorial control over Traffic Lab content.
Industries along Shilshole, led by Ballard Oil and Salmon Bay Sand and Gravel, have objected, worried that their fuel and gravel trucks could hit a cyclist, driving up insurance costs and jeopardizing their businesses.
The city first settled on a Shilshole Avenue route back in 2003, but legal challenges have continuously stalled the plan since then.
A 2008 environmental review by the city concluded that filling in the missing link wouldn't have significant environmental impacts.
But, in 2010, a judge ruled for legal challengers and ordered a more extensive review. Following more appeals, the city began work on an extensive environmental impact statement, a draft of which was published last summer and has since received 4,100 public comments.
Still, the city has not chosen a final route.
It has settled on two Shilshole Avenue choices for the 10- to 12-foot-wide trail — one along the north side of the street that borders buildings and existing businesses, and one along the south side of the street, bordering businesses that sit on Salmon Bay.
The two routes diverge at 24th Avenue Northwest, where the north route would join Northwest Market Street for four blocks, while the south route would travel along Northwest 54th Street.
Kelsey Mesher, Puget Sound policy director for the Cascade Bicycle Club, said they favor the south route, calling it the safest, simplest and most direct.
Scott Kubly, director of SDOT, said the city is committed to beginning construction sometime in 2018 and that the lack of current consensus on an exact route shouldn't disrupt that timeline.
“Getting this trail completed and completed quickly is one of our top priorities,” Kubly said. “The mayor is likewise very committed to getting this done.”
Christina Hoff Sommers, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, spoke at Georgetown University last week and at Oberlin College last night.
Apparently, Sommers' mere presence was traumatizing to students.
Trace Gallagher reported on "The Kelly File" tonight that the controversy surrounding Sommers and her lecture "What's Right (and Badly Wrong) with Feminism?" stems from the fact that she disagrees with the views of some students regarding sexual assault and the campus rape culture.
Instead of simply not attending the lecture, Georgetown students placed a "trigger warning" sign outside of the auditorium, advising that the speech would "contain discussions of sexual assault and may deny the experiences of survivors."
The trigger warning also came with directions to a "safe space" for anyone who might be traumatized by Sommers' views, Gallagher reported.
And Oberlin students didn't just protest Sommers' speech last night, they got a jump on the trigger warnings, putting up signs days ahead of time, Gallagher stated.
"While they were creating safe spaces and giving one another trigger warnings, campus administration provided me with two police officers who were sort of my bodyguards," Sommers said. "So I think they felt I wasn't very safe among the 'safe spacers.'"
At last night's Georgetown lecture, safe spacers held up these signs throughout my talk. But never interrupted. pic.twitter.com/cNEnt9s2FB — Christina H. Sommers (@CHSommers) April 17, 2015
Posted outside my lecture at Georgetown last night. I suggested feminist jazz hands instead of triggering clapping. pic.twitter.com/PdsuOtwozU — Christina H. Sommers (@CHSommers) April 17, 2015
Spoke at Georgetown last night. Lots of trigger warnings and safe spaces. pic.twitter.com/04z7A7WVxn — Christina H. Sommers (@CHSommers) April 17, 2015
Watch more above and see Sommers' Georgetown lecture below.
You Might Also Like...
Watters' World Asks Earth Day Revelers How They Help the Planet
Cruz: Hillary Clinton Represents the 'Culture of Corruption' in D.C.
Judge Nap on 'Clinton Cash': Menendez Was Indicted for Lesser 'Quid Pro Quo' Allegations
'It Wasn't a Publicity Stunt': Vet Talks to Megyn After Clash With Protesters Over Flag
The Berkeley scientist and mother who was struck by a motorist and trapped beneath his car while cycling near campus earlier this week is expected to pull through, family members said Thursday.
“She's critical but stable,” said Mike Wilson of his wife, Megan Schwarzman. “Every indication is that she will be coming home. But it's going to be a long, difficult recovery.”
Schwarzman, 42, is a research scientist at the Berkeley School of Public Health, as well as a physician and an associate director at the Berkeley Center for Green Chemistry on the Cal campus. The group is one of the leading academic organizations in the nation focused on chemicals policy, Wilson said.
“She somehow is able to be both a brilliant thinker and the most compassionate, spirited person I know,” he said. Added Schwarzman's sister, Caitlin, who lives in Alameda: “She loves being a part of the community. Her friends and family are always the center for her.”
She wrote on her sister's Facebook page earlier this week that “the surgeons are optimistic about her long term prognosis.… We expect a stay of many weeks in the hospital. We are hurting for our Meg, feeling proud of her strength, and looking forward hopefully.”
Sister: “It wasn't always that clear she would make it”
First responders took Schwarzman to Highland Hospital in Oakland, the local trauma center, after Tuesday's collision. She's in the ICU and there have been multiple surgeries. But she appears, by all indications, to have escaped injury to her brain and spine.
“Those are two things that we were really worried about early on,” Wilson said. Though she has been heavily sedated, Schwarzman has been able to communicate, he said, “to let us know she hears us and can understand what we're saying.”
Tuesday, police arrested 47-year-old Berwick Haynes, identified as a Sunnyvale resident, on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs, causing injury. It is a felony. A witness to the aftermath of the crash wrote on Berkeleyside that Haynes “was distraught, wailing and asking bystanders what to do. It was horrific for everyone.”
Haynes — who is from Berkeley according to his Facebook page — is no longer in custody. He had been set for arraignment Thursday afternoon. A spokeswoman for the Alameda County district attorney's office said he was not charged pending further investigation.
An actor who lists cycling as a skill on his resume, Haynes was supposed to appear next week in the Berkeley Playhouse's world premiere of “Bridges: A New Musical.” He has been replaced.
Tuesday, Schwarzman was wearing fluorescent green safety gear and a helmet, and had lights on her bike, as she rode south on Fulton Street near Bancroft Way. Police said Haynes struck her from behind, trapping her beneath his car, and dragged her for a short distance. Firefighters had to raise up the sedan to free Schwarzman so they could rush her to the hospital. Almost immediately, police called in the Fatal Accident Investigation Team due to the severity of her injuries.
The prognosis looked bleak. But, after days of intensive care, there was reason to hope.
“Megan has a very, very long recovery ahead of her,” her sister said Thursday. “We are just feeling grateful that we have that long road ahead of us. Because it wasn't always that clear she would make it.”
She and Wilson said the trauma team at Highland has been phenomenal.
“We're just blown away by how lucky we are to have had this care,” she said.
Before embarking on his research career — he also works at the School of Public Health, and the couple have written numerous papers and book chapters together — Wilson was a firefighter and paramedic in Salinas for 13 years. As such, he said he is familiar with emergency medical care and had been heartened to find the local services to be “top notch.”
He thanked the Berkeley Fire Department paramedics, who were on the scene within 2 minutes, and described the Highland team as “extraordinary.”
“She had lost a lot of blood,” he said. “And they absolutely saved her life. Emergency services worked in this case. They've been taking such good care of her. And taking care of me and our family.”
It had already been a difficult year. In January, the Schwarzman sisters lost their father, Gary, to a brain tumor. He was 71. Caitlin Schwarzman said she and Wilson are taking it one day at a time, and focusing all their attention on Megan's recovery.
“I think this is the kind of situation that will change dramatically over time,” she said. “We don't have a full picture of what's in store medically for her yet.”
Husband: “It just says so much about our community”
They also said the community support has been incredible. Wilson said a “network of friends” has been providing breast milk for Oliver, the couple's 11-month-old son. There's enough milk now to be spread across three freezers.
“A robust supply materialized overnight from other moms,” he said. “And it just shows up on the front porch in an icebox. It just says so much about our community.”
Many friends and relatives have joined them in the hospital. People have brought the family food, and shared messages of hope.
“There's been an outpouring of compassion and sympathy from all quarters,” Wilson said. “Having people's messages of goodwill and support and courage has been so, so important.”
Family friend Zoe Carter described Meg Schwarzman as “a lovely, athletic, strong super smart woman.” Another friend described her as “an uber safe cyclist.”
She was born in San Francisco, went to the east coast for school, then came back to the city to complete her residency at UCSF. She loves the outdoors, spending summers backpacking in the Sierra, hiking, camping and rock climbing. The family gets up to the mountains and out to the coast as often as they can.
Among other research, Wilson said his wife recently published an important paper about screening for chemicals tied to breast cancer. She has a family medical practice in San Francisco. The couple connected over their “mutual interest in public health,” said Wilson, and have worked together on ways to help “solve the underlying environmental health problems of workers and children, and vulnerable communities.”
He added: “She's an extraordinary person, and she's a really tough editor, the best you can possibly have.”
They also share an avid love for biking. Wilson commutes daily by bike from the family home in South Berkeley to his job in Oakland, while Schwarzman rides to the UC Berkeley campus. Eleven-month-old Oliver is a frequent companion on their bike commutes.
“She's going to be back with him, when she gets out of Highland,” Wilson said.
(He also has two older sons, one who graduated from Berkeley High, and another who is a current student there.)
Wilson said this week would not have been possible without the many friends and relatives who have pitched in to help.
“Everybody has kind of moved into our house,” he said. “It's taken four people to try to fulfill the kinds of things that she did every day.”
Hear Meg Schwarzman explain the “circular economy” and its impact on public health. Have a question about a local public safety incident? Write to crime@berkeleyside.com.
Related:
Driver arrested, cyclist critical after crash (02.02.16)
Dump truck collision did not kill visiting Israeli professor (12.26.12)
Get the latest Berkeley news in your inbox with Berkeleyside's free Daily Briefing. And make sure to bookmark Berkeleyside's pages on Facebook and Twitter. You don't need an account on those sites to view important information.
Great Scot! It's whisky in a can ... eight shots for $5 to be sold in the United States
It's enough to make Scotch whisky connoisseurs choke on their single malt - a Scottish distillery has produced whisky in a can.
Each can, which cannot be resealed once opened, will contain 12 ounces - about eight shots - of 80-proof 'single grain scotch whisky'.
The company hopes to have the product on shelves in major American markets by February 1, retailing for $5 a can.
Potent: Each can will contain about eight shots of 80-proof scotch whisky
Unlike bottles, cans cannot be closed after they have been opened. That will force Scottish Spirits drinkers to either finish all eight shots of the blended scotch in a single occasion, or let some of the booze go to waste.
Critics have argued that eight shots of a beverage with the same alcohol content as venerable scotches including Johnnie Walker Blue and The Glenlivet 12 is too many to be sold in a container that can't be resealed.
The spirit has been distilled and matured for three years in oak casks in Scotland, according to the distillery company.
'There are many brands on the market and most brands are not created equal,' Ken Rubenfeld, vice president of operations for the distillery, Scottish Spirits Imports, told The Huffington Post.
'But most brands are served as equals in a glass type of vessel.
'Having something that's so creatively different -- it piques the curiosity.'
Packaging a high-end variety of liquor in what is widely considered to be a low budget container sounds like a novelty. But Rubenfeld insists its convenience -- not comic value -- that will drive sales.
'A lot of people like to have beverages by their pool, on their boat, in a campground, at sporting events or tailgate parties,' he said.
'It's easier to bring a six pack of a beverage verses bringing a bottle of scotch.'
Bad taste: Critics claim that scotch in a can might not qualify as real scotch whisky
For some, canned beverages carry a low-class stigma. But they don't necessarily mean low quality. In recent years, some microbreweries have turned to cans for reasons including cost, drinkability and sustainability.
'They are opaque, they are completely airtight, and the liners are pretty darn good,' said Lew Bryson, managing editor of Whisky Advocate magazine.
'It is not going to be affecting the flavor. The problem you run into is who is going to bang out 12 ounces in an evening?'
But Rubenfeld insists his product does not encourage binge drinking, arguing that consumers will know it should be sipped like Dewars, not gulped like Dr. Pepper.
'We want people to be responsible -- this is 12 fluid ounces of scotch whisky and people should treat it as such,' he said.
'I would think that your readers and most people of common sense would know that that's a lot of alcohol. They'll crack it open and pour it with Coke or some kind of mixer and have fun with it with their friends.'
Soon after the beverage's U.S. release, Scottish Spirits hopes to begin shipping the cans with an attachment that allows them to be resealed, however a spokeswoman said the brand has not yet developed a design for a resealable top that meets company standards.
'When the top is perfected, people will maybe have half a can with their friends and save the rest,' said Rubenfeld.
Nearly a year ago, an organisation that oversees scotch whisky manufacturing had harsh words for Scottish Spirits, claiming its canned beverage might not qualify as real scotch.
Rubenfeld says his company, which maintains an office in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. and is part of a larger company based in the Cayman Islands, has 'worked diligently to meet every requirement' outlined by the Scotch Whisky Association and codified by 2009's Scotch Whisky Regulations.
Campbell Evans, a spokesman for the SWA, could not immediately confirm that Scottish Spirits has achieved certification as a true scotch whisky, stating he has not yet examined the beverage.
But Evans says the packaging isn't the problem.
'There is no reason why a product that is a genuine Single Grain Scotch Whisky cannot be sold in a can,' Evans said.
Some whisky experts have reservations about the packaging, but Brad Danler, general manager of the Brooklyn, N.Y. whisky bar and restaurant Char No. 4, says it's what's on the inside that counts.
'I understand why beer makes sense going back into cans, but with whisky it's certainly a surprise,' said Danler. 'I can't say that it makes much sense to me, but if it is delicious, then I will gladly crack one open and enjoy 12 ounces.'
A villager uses a wheelbarrow to collect a monthly food ration provided by the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) in Masvingo, Zimbabwe, January 25, 2016. REUTERS/Philimon Bulawayo
HARARE (Reuters) - The number of Zimbabweans requiring food aid has risen to 4 million, up from 3 million initially, a state-owned newspaper said on Tuesday, as the southern African nation grapples with its worst drought in more than two decades.
An El Nino induced-drought has hit Zimbabwe hard and last month it appealed for $1.6 billion in aid to help pay for grain and other food.
“Indications are that the figure of vulnerable households requiring food assistance could be as high as four million people,” Public Service, Labour and Social Welfare Minister Prisca Mupfumira told the Herald newspaper.
Mupfumira was not immediately available for further comment.
She said government stocks of maize, the staple food, were 91,326 tonnes as of March 10 - enough to last three months. Mupfumira did not give details of stocks held by private millers and farmers.
The government has issued licenses to private millers to import grain while organizations such as the United Nations' World Food Programme are feeding 1 million people.
The drought and low mineral commodity prices are taking their toll on the economy, with finance minister Patrick Chinamasa saying last week it was “under siege”.
Farmers have already lost cattle and crops and fear more pain as the year progresses.
The El Nino weather pattern has also brought poor rains to other countries in the region, including South Africa, its biggest maize grower.
Listener Lauren Linscheid of Seattle sees crows flying every day toward Lake City Way. “I want to know where they're going and why,” Lauren told KUOW's Local Wonder team. We sent reporter Ashley Ahearn to investigate. That crow you see hopping around your neighborhood, Lauren? It's probably the same crow, every day. Crows can live for more than 20 years – they mate for life and they stake out territory where they spend their days foraging and raising their young. But every night, from miles around, they gather to roost. And tonight, we're going to follow them. First stop, Professor John Marzluff's office at the University of Washington. Marzluff has studied Seattle's crows for almost 20 years. His walls are plastered with corvid memorabilia.
Sponsor
We get in Marzluff's Volkswagen sedan, which he calls “The Polluter,” even though he runs it on biodiesel. Marzluff is taking me along on his nightly commute, which, it turns out, follows the same route of thousands of Seattle's crows as they fly to their roosting spot. Marzluff drives with one eye on the sky and one on the road. He's been pulled over for erratic driving before, but he says cops let him off with a warning when he explains that he's looking for birds. We drive toward the Calvary Cemetery on 35th Avenue Northeast, a regular crow haunt. “It's kind of a cool site,” Marzluff says of the Roman Catholic cemetery. “We'll see if they're there or not.” He calls the cemetery a “staging area.” If you've seen murders of crows in your neighborhood, that's probably what it is: Crows from all around gathering in smaller groups before flying to their nightly roost. They forage for food, socialize and welcome newcomers – like the Canadian crows that are currently coming down for the winter.
Sponsor
The crows, perhaps sensing a cliché, aren't at the cemetery tonight. Marzluff says that may be intentional. Crows have learned that if they gather regularly at the same staging areas, predators like owls and hawks will catch on. We continue our drive north on 35th Avenue. We're seeing a few crows here and there, but no big groups yet. We drive by the Seattle Audubon Society. No crows. They're avian non grata there, Marzluff says. “They're not the favorite bird of the Audubon Society. They are associated with what some perceive as more degraded lands, but really it's just richer, more variable landscape that they really like.” Seattle is a perfect crow habitat because of its grassy lawns and gardens, big trees, parks and homes, not to mention restaurants and dumpsters.
Sponsor
As the human population has grown here, crows have thrived; there are 30 to 40 times more crows in the city than there were in the 1960s. We see more crows as we head north, passing Seattle city limits. We pull off Bothell Way at the Kenmore Park & Ride. The trees around us are loaded with crows. The 309 bus pulls up behind us. The evening rush-hour commute is in full swing. Marzluff says city crows have adapted to the noise. “They'll communicate at a higher pitch, and they'll also be louder,” he says. “I'm sure the crows have raised their voices in the city, relative to the country, just to be heard over the din of our everyday life.”
Sponsor
Passengers get off the bus and walk by, most of them engrossed in their smartphones, ear buds in. But a few looks at the sky. “I ride the bus most days, and I always look at people in the bus and see if they are paying attention to these thousands of crows that are gathering around now,” Marzluff says, looking out the car window. “Just look at these people,” he says. “There's a guy looking up, another person looking up, so two out of the five are looking and saying, ‘What the heck is going on here?'” The park & ride is clearly a well-loved crow staging area. There are hundreds of crows here. But they haven't reached their destination yet. We get back on the road, and a few minutes later, Marzluff turns left onto the University of Washington Bothell campus. The sky is deep gray, and we can see black flecks in the distance.
Sponsor
WASHINGTON — When the Supreme Court returns from its winter break this month, it will hear two minor cases and reach a major anniversary. Unless something very surprising happens during the arguments that day, Justice Clarence Thomas will have gone 10 years without asking a question from the bench.
Maintaining a decade-long vow of silence takes monkish dedication and a certain stamina, and Justice Thomas has no modern competition. It has been at least 45 years since any other member of the court went even a single term without asking a question.
Justice Thomas's explanations for his disengagement from this aspect of the court's work have varied, but he seems to have settled on one in recent years. It is simply discourteous, he says, to pepper lawyers with questions.
“I think it's unnecessary in deciding cases to ask that many questions, and I don't think it's helpful,” he said at Harvard Law School in 2013. “I think we should listen to lawyers who are arguing their cases, and I think we should allow the advocates to advocate.”
The Tragically Hip has announced a partnership with medical marijuana company Newstrike.
"After much discussion and assessment on our part, we've decided that this company — and the many creative people in it — are a perfect fit for The Hip," said the band in a news release.
The company says the band members are "significant investors" in Newstrike, which will begin trading on the TSX in June under the new symbol HIP. The band will also play a role in the company's branding efforts.
"No one knows Canada and Canadians like the members of The Tragically Hip," said Newstrike executive chairman Scott Kelly. "With their involvement and support, Newstrike firmly believes we are developing the brand that adult consumers who choose to use cannabis will turn to."
A release from the company cited the opportunity for "harnessing the artistic and business acumen of the band members in brand development within the government's evolving regulatory framework."
Newstrike CEO Jay Wilgar later told The Canadian Press, however: "This partnership with the band is not a marketing partnership, this is a business partnership, the band are shareholders in the company."
The Tragically Hip says it chose Newstrike because of its "due diligence" in entering the market.
"They've hired pre-eminent scientists and growers, developed large, well-structured sites and have the wherewithal and expertise to take this on," wrote the band.
The deal also comes more than a year before Ottawa's promised date for recreational marijuana legalization, a policy change that's been lauded by The Hip.
"This is a common-sense policy and, in our opinion, is a change for the best," said the band.
Details of the deal
According to a May regulatory filing, The Tragically Hip has a "comprehensive licensing and promotional services agreement" with HPI Holdings Ltd., which was taken over by Newstrike effective Feb. 3.
Under the agreement, The Hip and its members will get 2.5 per cent of gross revenues "from the sale of products bearing the brand or likeness of The Tragically Hip." The band also received three million shares in the company, plus "a non-refundable advance payment against future royalties of $1,000,000."
Trading in Newstrike Resources shares was halted on Tuesday, with the stock worth $0.145 on the TSX Venture exchange. If The Tragically Hip still holds three million shares in Newstrike, those shares were worth $435,000 on Tuesday.
Creating 'aspirational lifestyle'
Celebrity endorsements serve to "elevate your brand from a lifestyle lens," said Jenn Larry, vice-president of strategy and operations with marketing and communications firm Precision CG.
"When you're looking for endorsements, there's a lifestyle component, but there's also a generational component, because [celebrities] create an aspirational lifestyle that people like to be part of."
Larry, who spoke to CBC News before The Tragically Hip-Newstrike partnership was announced, said it made sense for Canadian marijuana companies to seek celebrity tie-ups, particularly with musicians.
"I wouldn't pigeonhole any type of genre per se, or artist, but genres that lend themselves to a natural collaboration with cannabis seem like the right place to go," said Larry.
Legal considerations
The government's Cannabis Act, which has not yet become law, would place significant restrictions on how marijuana can be marketed and advertised.
Promoting marijuana, accessories, or related services "by means of a testimonial or endorsement" would be prohibited under the current version of Bill C-45, as would promotions "by means of the depiction of a person" and any promotions that allude to "a way of life such as one that includes glamour, recreation, excitement, vitality, risk or daring."
Marijuana marketing may be contained to age-restricted stores and websites after federal legislation is passed. (CannTrust/Facebook)
However, Bill C-45 does allow for "informational" or "brand preference" promotion of cannabis under circumstances that would keep such marketing away from young people.
Some experts in Canada's burgeoning cannabis industry say companies like Newstrike may be trying to secure celebrity endorsements before those laws go into effect.
However, once legislation is passed, that type of marketing may continue to exist inside age-restricted retail stores or websites, similar to the standard in U.S. states where recreational marijuana has been legalized.
"I don't think you'll see it in magazines, billboards and televisions in Canada, but you may see it in storefronts or websites," said Will Stewart, managing partner at the strategy and communications firm Navigator on CBC Radio's Metro Morning.
The Tragically Hip's partnership with Newstrike isn't the first time a legal Canadian marijuana producer has associated itself with a celebrity.
In 2016, licensed marijuana producer Tweed partnered with hip-hop celebrity and cannabis aficionado Snoop Dogg to sell "Leafs by Snoop"-branded marijuana in Canada.
Leafs by Snoop was launched in Colorado, where recreational marijuana is legal, in November 2015.
After more than a year of experimenting with the Oculus Rift on real roller coasters, we now focus on mobile VR.
Note: This VR ride app can be fully experienced without the real roller coaster. In the Demo app, tap the touchpad to start the ride, press the back button to reset during ride.
This VR experience will feature a technically and visually stunning mobile VR roller coaster ride that can be experienced at home as well as when riding the real roller coaster on-site. There, the passenger simply takes a seat, puts on the Gear VR headset and enjoys a perfectly wirelessly synchronized virtual coaster ride while feeling all the g-forces of the real ride.
We're receiving strong support by renowned roller coaster manufacturer Mack Rides and Europa-Park, Germany, who help us realize these incredible ride experiences.
As we are working on a "mine train" roller coaster, our VR ride will narrate a story that expands on the specific cave theming. The passenger will accompany a team of virtual heroes who set out to rescue one of their friends from a dangerous, abyssal underworld. Therefore, the ride will not only feature huge and complex environments, but also many detailed animated characters simultaneously - thus making it technically very challenging.
Each of the characters features a complex skinned mesh with as many as up to 60 bones for body and face motion. In addition, elements like falling rocks, moving lava pools or a swinging chain bridge add up to the dynamic experience. This app often brought us to the limits of the Galaxy Note 4, but with a lot of work and optimization, we finally managed to sustain a constant 60 fps.
The ride starts with a draisine pulling the passenger's car. As the visible track always gives a hint on where the ride will turn, this makes for a comfortable start into the experience. But then the cars will derail, leading to a wild, adrenalin-filled glissade through the caverns. All through the entire ride, the characters interact with each other, climbing, holding on to one another or just sliding along the track.
Edit: Please note that the download URL here on the submission page did not update to the correct URL. The download URL for the APK is: http://www.vrcoaster.com/downloads/VRJam_VR_Coaster_Ride.apk
Also check out www.vrcoaster.com for more.
JREF Swift Blog
Preschool Skepticism
I have had the opportunity to teach science and give critical thinking programs to kids of just about every age. I faced one of my greatest challenges last week when I did my first program in a series of three for my son's preschool. I did two short classes for the groups of three and four year-olds on colors and optical illusions. It was a blast and the kids seemed engaged. We mixed colors with food dye, we separated colors with paper chromatography, and the kids showed up their teacher with the color/word confusion chart (a sure thing with kids who know their colors but can't read). In the end, I asked the little ones if they had fun, they enthusiastically cheered “YES!”. I then asked them what they learned. A girl shouted “colors are made of science” - another cheer rose up.
At first, I felt a little dejected. They hadn't learned anything. I quickly got over that when I remembered they are only three and four. I also had to reminded myself that there are two parts to this. Sometimes we get too lost in our focus on science literacy. Don't get me wrong, science literacy is vital and in a tragic state. We also have to tackle the other end of the equation, which is science appreciation. An encyclopedic understanding of the periodic table seems so much less important when not accompanied by an appreciation for the powerful scientific methods that produced it. I don't mean zany “science is cool” programs but exercises that show that science really works and that it's not just for scientists.
Preschoolers may have difficulty grasping even the simplest elements of science as a body of knowledge, they are primed, however, to understand it as a process. This was obvious in how interested the kids were in finding out how all the experiments work. I spend a great deal of time with my son and am often amazed at Atom's natural inclination to look for the mechanisms behind the things he sees around him. We see this even in babies who learn their world through experimentally testing “what's happens when I do this” by dumping milk from the highchair or pulling a dog's tail repeatedly.
This is what makes young children such great skeptics. Sure, we all know that evolution has led us to be much more likely to believe in angels than become members of the JREF, but we can do a lot to promote some of the other tendencies that are also hardwired into children. I find (admittedly anecdotal) that although children have a much richer fantasy life than adults, they also seem better equipped to separate it from reality. My son is obsessed with all things relating to aliens and Yeti's (mostly thanks to Daniel Loxton), but he talks about them as things that are fun parts of stories, cartoons and comics. He has never made a connection to them as real things that interact with real people. Its not that he is convinced they don't exist, he just doesn't assume that everything in his cartoons are part of the real world. A little evidence would likely change that. I also find that when he does come across things he doesn't understand, his explanations are often quite reasonable (in the context of his limited experience). Recently, when he thought he heard a voice in the night, we talked about it. The idea of a ghost seemed ridiculous to him. He tried to think of things that he knew existed that sound like human voices and concluded it was likely a parrot or a robot. Not likely, but I felt really good that he made a list of possible and plausible explanations for the voice and wasn't afraid to say he didn't really know.
I think its important that we promote this naturally occurring skeptical toolset in children and bolster its foundation whenever possible. We know that with time it will be bombarded with the accumulating biases, misleading patterns, socialized superstitions, and confusing randomness that cloud our thinking throughout life. In the meantime, keep your eyes peeled for robots and parrots.
Yemen's exiled government said on Sunday it would no longer attend U.N.-mediated peace talks with its adversaries the Houthis, dealing a big blow to efforts aimed at ending over five months of civil war.
Loyalists of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi have been battling the Iran-allied militia across the impoverished country since late March, when the group forced him and his administration to flee to Saudi Arabia.
An Arab coalition led by the kingdom intervened in the conflict, launching hundreds of air strikes on the Houthis and backing ground forces they hope will force the group accept an April U.N. Security Council resolution calling on them to recognize Hadi and quit Yemen's main cities.
“(The government) confirmed it would not take part in any meeting until the coup militia recognize international resolution 2216 and accepts to implement it unconditionally,” the official state news agency Saba said in a statement on its website.
Hailing the now sabotaged talks on Friday, the U.N. Security Council urged the parties to refrain from preconditions and “unilateral actions.”
Peace talks in June failed to end the fighting, which has killed over 4,500 people and brought the country to the brink of famine.
Last Update: Sunday, 13 September 2015 KSA 09:15 - GMT 06:15
Mark Hamill Shares His Thoughts On Disney Acquiring Lucasfilm
Even the one who brought order to the Force was shocked to hear Lucasfilm being purchased by Disney. Though much of the talk has been about the sale, reactions, and a possible plot for Star Wars: Episode VII, we are finally getting thoughts on what one of the Star Wars actors think about the sale.
In a recent interview, Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill, revealed that like many of us, he discovered the news of Disney buying Lucasfilm on the ‘net. Apparently he missed one very important call.
Here's the full quote:
Oh my gosh, what a shock that was! I had no idea that George was going to sell to Disney until I read it online like everybody else… I missed his call yesterday, but I spoke to him maybe three weeks ago. But until we know more, it's hard to make any comment other than congratulations to George.
However, talks of continuing the Star Wars saga with a brand-new trilogy started long before Disney's massive purchase.
He did tell us last summer about wanting to go on and do [Episodes] VII, VIII, and IX, and that [newly appointed Lucasfilm president] Kathleen Kennedy would be doing them…Yeah, last August, he asked Carrie and I to have lunch with him and we did. I thought he was going to talk about either his retirement or the Star Wars TV series that I've heard about—which I don't think we were going to be involved in anyway, because that takes place between the prequels and the ones we were in and, if Luke were in them, he'd be anywhere from a toddler to a teenager so they'd get an age-appropriate actor—or the 3-D releases.
But even though continuing the Star Wars saga with a new trilogy caught him by surprise, he understood why George Lucas would want to have rounded out the saga with one final trilogy and offers his explanation as to why it makes sense to have one more.
So when he said, “We decided we're going to do Episodes VII, VIII, and IX,” I was just gobsmacked. “What? Are you nuts?!” [laughs] I can see both sides of it. Because in a way, there was a beginning, a middle, and an end and we all lived happily ever after and that's the way it should be—and it's great that people have fond memories, if they do have fond memories. But on the other hand, there's this ravenous desire on the part of the true believers to have more and more and more material. It's one of those things: people either just don't care for it or are passionate about it. I guess that defines what cult movies are all about. We'll see. I'm anxious to know what's going on, but the main story [yesterday] was the sale to Disney. I have mixed feelings about that, but they haven't done badly by Marvel and the Muppets and Pixar. It's one of those big decisions that at first seems unusual but then the more you look at it, the more it makes sense.
At least Hamill is honest about it. There were a few who felt that Disney could only ruin the franchise. However, I feel that even though they own a majority of the rights to Star Wars – 20th Century Fox still owns the rights to the first six films and it doesn't expire until 2020 – Disney would not get in the way of the creative process for future Star Wars films. They haven't gotten in Marvel's way yet, and look how their film franchise is doing.
You can read the full interview on EW's website.
New Delhi: Even after nearly two months of free services, Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd has not been able to impact the net subscriber additions for incumbent telecom operators.
In fact, the net additions in October for Bharti Airtel Ltd, Idea Cellular Ltd and Vodafone India have been higher than their last six-month average, according to a report by Citi Research.
“Looking at the incumbents sub data, Jio's free period offer doesn't appear to have impacted their net adds even in the second month since its launch. Airtel/Vodafone/Idea's October sub adds have been higher than their last six-month average, cumulatively adding 4.9m subs. This is actually higher than September when the cumulative net adds were at 4.8m," Citi Research said in a report issued on 21 November.
Analysts continue to hold Bharti Airtel as the best-positioned telco.
As per COAI (Cellular Operators Association of India) data on GSM subscribers, Bharti Airtel enjoyed the highest additions at 2.33 million subscribers in October. Additions for Idea and Vodafone were 1.43 million and 1.12 million, respectively, in October.
The focus of telecom operators on rural expansion has been the reason for subscriber base uptake while Reliance Jio continues to be popular in urban areas where teledensity is more than 100%.
“However, rising incidence of dual-SIMS would start to hurt incumbents' margins as it leads to higher churn. 3Q (third quarter) is likely to be weak for incumbents as it will not only include full-quarter impact of Jio's Welcome Offer and some impact of demonetization," Citi report said.
In October, Reliance Jio claimed adding 16 million customers on its network within a month of its launch.
Mukesh Ambani, chairman of Reliance Jio's parent Reliance Industries Ltd, set a target of acquisition of 100 million customers on Jio network “in the shortest possible time, and set a world record", aiming to cover 90% of India's population by March 2017.
The analysts at CIti Research also noted that the sector has not seen full impact of demonetisation up till now, but the impact could get worse. There has been a 5-7% drop in recharges since demonetisation has been announced and usage and revenues could be hit if the liquidity doesn't improve in next 15 days.
A recent sentencing in a sexual assault case in Kingston's Superior Court of Justice illustrated just how legally perilous sex has become.
A 23-year-old Kingston man, having been found guilty late last year of committing a sexual assault when he was 19, and during what at least began as consensual sex by the complainant's account, was sentenced by Superior Court Justice Paul B. Kane to four months in jail, followed by three years of probation and a 20-year listing on the Sex Offender Information Registry.
But the judge, in his reasons for sentencing, said that had the man elected to be tried by a judge sitting without a jury, he would have acquitted him on the evidence he heard.
Justice Kane was critical of the local Crown attorney's office for opting to proceed on the complaint of four specific acts of alleged "misconduct" as comprising one sexual assault simply because they all occurred within a single sexual encounter.
He consequently had to instruct the jury that if they found the man had committed all or any of the acts without the complainant's consent, they should find him guilty of sexual assault and that they need not be unanimous in their agreement about which act or acts constituted the offence.
The judge observed that the components of the conduct complained of — touching the woman's anus with his finger, touching it with his penis, anal penetration and resumption of vaginal sex — were not equally egregious.
Because jury deliberations are secret, however, he had no way of knowing exactly which of those acts formed the basis of the jury's verdict. That, according to Justice Kane, exposed the man to the possibility of a penalty suited to "conduct more serious than that determined by the jury."
At the same time, however, he said assuming the finding was based on less serious conduct risked treating the jury finding as being of minimal importance.
In his summary of the case, Justice Kane noted that the man and his accuser had previously been sexually intimate but were not dating in April 2012 when the acts complained of occurred.
The complainant, who was 18 at the time, had gone to a party that Saturday night, he said, and the man arrived later to the same party with friends.
At the end of the night, he offered to drive her home and, Justice Kane recounted, that after first dropping off one of his male friends, the man on trial had asked if she wanted to spend the night with him.
The judge said the woman was amenable and after arriving at his apartment consented to kissing, oral and vaginal sex. He also noted the man gave the young woman a pair of his pyjamas and asked her which side of the bed she wanted, but there was no discussion between them about the use of a condom.
She testified before him that she consented to initial vaginal intercourse, he said, and that she fully participated and enjoyed it.
It was only later, when the young man's finger touched her anus, that she objected, Justice Kane observed, telling him "that was disgusting."
On the evidence, the man didn't try to penetrate her anus with his finger and moved it when she objected, according to the judge, who added that it wasn't clear to him the touching was even intentional. He suggested it could have happened accidentally when he lifted her by the buttocks.
Consequently, Justice Kane said, he would not have convicted him of sexual assault based on that part of the complaint.
Later, the judge recounted, the evidence was that the then 19-year-old man applied lubricant to the complainant's vagina and anus, as well as his penis, and "she didn't object to his penis probing her anus for about one minute." Again, "I would not have convicted on count two."
He said it was only after the accused penetrated, started to move and caused her pain that she said "ouch." And while, according to her testimony, the young man didn't stop until she grabbed his arms and told him to, he did then comply. Justice Kane rejected the man's claim that he didn't intentionally initiate anal sex and only accidentally inserted his penis in the wrong orifice. He was satisfied, he said, that the anal sex was intentional. But, he added, "there is also evidence that the penetration of the penis into the rectum was consensual until it caused her pain."
After that, he judges said, the young woman got out of bed and went to the bathroom, intending, according to her own testimony, to return and sleep with the man for the rest of the night, until she noticed some "green goop" on her buttocks.
She said she then changed her plans, according to the judge, because she didn't know what the goop was or what it meant and it upset her. He said her evidence that she intended to return and sleep with the man "causes doubt in my mind about her claim that she had communicated her objections" at that point.
He also noted that, under questioning by the man's lawyer, Matt Hodgson, she confirmed receiving three emails from his client the following morning, questioning her departure and asking: "Where did you go?"
It would have been unusual to send such texts, Justice Kane said, if he was aware he'd just sexually assaulted her.
Consequently, the judge said, he would not have convicted the man of sexual assault based on the anal sex or for trying to resume vaginal sex with her upon her return from the bathroom.
During that final act, the judge suggested, the complainant allowed him to resume sexual activity, although the evidence was that she just lay there without moving, prompting Hodgson's client to ask if she wanted to go to sleep — and his ceasing to have sex with her.
The Crown argued that he should have ascertained that the woman was still consenting after her return from the bathroom. But Justice Kane felt his failure to do so, under the circumstances, still didn't constitute a sexual assault.
"The accused and the complainant both have the capacity to communicate their wishes and say ‘no'," he observed.
He said he would not have convicted on the resumption of vaginal intercourse, but "I'm obliged to follow the unspecified and ambiguous verdict of the jury," he complained, adding that "this is entirely the fault of the Crown."
The Crown had urged a three-year prison sentence for the man. But Justice Kane found his case had none of the aggravating features that would warrant a sentence of that length.
And while he acknowledged that people have different reactions to events, the judge said the complainant's claims about the impact that night's events have had on her "exceeded my expectations."
sue.yanagisawa@sunmedia.ca
Ever since we discovered them, we have been enjoying (and eating far too many of) the highly addictive Thai Lime & Chili Cashews from Trader Joe's. These things should carry a warning label: “CAUTION: MAY BE HABIT FORMING.”
Anyway, while we're eating them, we were asked if we knew why you can't get cashews in the shell. We had no idea. Actually, we'd never thought about it. But, come to think of it, you can get almonds, walnuts, pistachios, brazil nuts, hazelnuts, peanuts, chestnuts, pine nuts, pecans, and even macadamia nuts in a shell, but not cashews.
Why? It turns out that the cashew shell is toxic. However, that raised the question of what a cashew looks like in its shell. Again, we had no idea. When we found out, we knew more people should see it. Weird looking, isn't it? And caustic, too!
Cashews, like many of the culinary nuts listed above, are not true nuts in the botanical sense. True nuts develop a hard wall around the seed (e.g. hazelnuts). Cashews instead have a lining around the seed that is filled with a nasty fluid.
Cashews are in the same family (Anacardiaceae) as mangoes, pistachios, sumac, and poison-ivy. Many plants in this family produce Urushiol, an oil that can cause a nasty, painful rash. (Our friend Dan had not been told about this when he came across them in Thailand Brazil, and burned his mouth on a fresh cashew. Ouch. He has some pictures of the local “caju” fruit here.) The cashew stores this icky stuff in the lining around the seed, which makes cashews very difficult to process. They are usually roasted to release the fluid, which is collected for other uses, such as varnish. After that, the hardened lining must be removed by hand.
That's pretty weird, but it gets weirder. In the cashew, the ovary develops outside of the fruit, which really makes it a false fruit, since by definition fruits have seeds inside. The false fruit attached to the false nut looks like a pear with a little boxing glove hanging off the bottom. When ripe, the whole thing falls off the tree, and the bottom part is gathered for processing. The false fruit (called cashew fruit or cashew apple) is edible, but it is very perishable. It is often left to rot, but can be eaten raw, cooked, or used to make a liquor called feni. While the fruit and its juice are available in parts of the world where cashews grow, they are apparently too perishable to appear in stores in the US.
There is a lot more cool information about cashews out there. This article has plenty of additional details including uses, folk medicine, cultivation, and biotic factors, among other exciting topics. We recommend eating Thai Lime & Chili Cashews while furthering your knowledge.
The biggest tournament in women's soccer is heading to Canada.
It's only fitting that the hosts kick things off with the opener on Saturday, June 6 against China (6 pm ET, FOX Sports 1 and Telemundo in the USA and CTV in Canada). The only question is whether the home-field advantage can help the Canadians in their quest to make their first World Cup podium.
ROAD TO VANCOUVER
“Big Red” automatically qualified as the host nation for 2015, but they're regulars, making it to every Woman's World Cup since 1995 (they did not qualify in 1991). Their best result came in 2003, when they finished in fourth place. And that was also the only time Canada have ever made it out of the group stage at a World Cup. In the last edition in 2011, they finished dead last in their group with only one goal.
The 2011 disappointment prompted the hiring of John Herdman as coach in late 2011 and the Englishman has completely transformed the Canadian women's team. With the help of assistant coach and ex-USWNT boss Tom Sermanni, Herdman has injected new spirit into the group which resulted in a bronze-medal finish at the 2012 London Olympics and hero status back home in Canada.
Canada's run in that Olympic tournament fell just short in a memorable semifinal that USWNT fans will never forget. The two nations clashed in an epic match that featured a Christine Sinclair hat trick and a late Alex Morgan goal in extratime to clinch a 4-3 US win at Old Trafford:
Ranked No. 8 in the world heading into the 2015 tournament, Herdman's team has something to prove. The recently released documentary "RISE" captures Canada's emergence as a dark-horse contender in 2015:
THE TEAM
Herdman's squad is a mix of youth and experience, including three players under the age of 20 and nine in their 30s. Known for their physically dominant and aggressive style, the Canadians can throw possession and rhythm-oriented teams off their game. They don't have a deep bench, which means a lot will rest on the shoulders of these players:
Christine Sinclair, FW (photo, right) – One of Canada's most famous athletes, and the country's darling, Sinclair was the flag bearer in the 2012 Olympics Closing Ceremony and even found herself on a commemorative stamp.
Back in 2013, she and US forward Abby Wambach battled head-to-head in pursuit of Mia Hamm's 158 goal-scoring record. Sinclair, with 223 appearances, finds herself in second place all-time among active players with 153 goals, trailing Abby Wambach by 25.
Making her fifth World Cup appearance, Sinclair is the heart and soul of the team: the captain and powerful, tenacious goalscorer who gets the job done when it matters most.
Sophie Schmidt, MF – Led the team in goals last year after transitioning into a more attacking-midfielder role. She not only serves well, she can finish, too.
Check out her game-winning goal from last week in the send-off match against No. 6-ranked England:
Melissa Tancredi, FW – A fierce striker who loves to get stuck in, she will be a key target for her team (and Schmidt's passes) in the final third.
Kadeisha Buchanan, DF – At only 19, Buchanan will be making her first Women's World Cup appearance. The West Virginia University product may be young, but you would never know it based on her composure at center back.
Erin McLeod, GK (photo, right) – Although Canada has three goalkeepers all vying for minutes and all capable of holding down the posts, McCleod has earned the starting spot for now. She has competed in three WWCs and started in two.
As the longest serving player in Canadian soccer history, goalkeeper Karina LeBlanc will retire after the tournament. The player known as "KK" made her international debut in 1998 and has earned 110 caps for the senior team.
Canada will compete in Group A with matches against China on June 6 (6 pm ET on CTV), New Zealand on June 11 (9 pm ET on CTV) and Netherlands on June 15 (7:30 pm ET on CTV).
But it's another Canadian woman who officially kicks off the tournament. Grammy-award winning Canadian artist Sarah McLachlan is the headliner of Saturday's opening ceremonies, where she'll be joined by Alberta twins Tegan & Sara ("Everything is Awesome!!!" from The LEGO Movie).
MLS CONNECTIONS
There are a few players on Canada's World Cup roster from MLS sister clubs Portland Thorns and Houston Dash, namely Kaylyn Kyle, Rhian Wilkinson and Sinclair (Portland) along with Allysha Chapman, Lauren Sesselmann and McLeod (Houston).
The six are important members of the multi-talented Canadian team. Here's proof below in the form of an emotional rendition of Celine Dion's "The Power of Love":
With optimism around the team at an all-time high, the host cities are getting behind the Canadian women:
Edmonton is ready! This is the giant mural that awaits #canWNT when they arrive at the airport pic.twitter.com/gGI0OR24Zh — Sheri Forde (@SheriTSN) June 3, 2015
That's a sample of the kind hearts and friendly nature that Canadians are renowned for around the world. And the national team is no exception. Just this week the CanWNT welcomed their opening match foes on their arrival to the Twitterverse like only Canadians could:
For more of those good vibes, here are the hashtags and handles you need to follow the CanWNT on Twitter during this World Cup: #CanadaRED, #canWNT, #Canada2015, @CanadaSoccerEN and @CanadaSoccerFR in French.
Back again with another LOZ Mini street review! I have said it time and time again, I love these sets. They're cheap, beautiful, and fun to build. This specific set is modleled after Dunkin' Donuts, and my impressions are very positive. The set costs about 6$ shipped from AliExpress.
Yadda, yadda, yadda, whatever. Let's jump right in.
Ah yes, the classic white plastic package you get with all these cheap Chinese sets.
Here are the contents. You get a few stickers (in good condition, not bend or damaged) the instructions, and the pieces of course.
Also, mine came with a box. You have to assemble the box yourself, but it's still nice to have. Good quality printing and it has a soft touch feel to it.
Here's a sample of one of the steps. Printing is very high quality and with good colors.
Halfway through the build. All these LOZ Mini street sets follow a similar process for building.
The completed set + the (VERY tiny!) mini figure.
The interior. Note the transparent pieces, drawers, counter, windows, etc. very detailed.
I have no complaints about this set. At this price the pieces are outstanding quality and are even embossed with the word LOZ, so they feel very high quality.
Very important thing to note that I've stated many times- these are NOT lego compatible.
In this image there's a lego block (red) a LOZ Mini block (the largest size block they produce and is what this set uses) and the LOZ Diamond block (their nanoblock clones).
I highly recommend this set. Here's a link to a product page with all the LOZ Mini street sets: http://s.aliexpress.com/buaIvURF
Advertisements
Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones in "Ghostbusters" trailer (screen grab/Sony Pictures)
A Sony Pictures trailer for the new Ghostbusters movie on Thursday drew outrage from misogynist and racist Internet trolls who complained that the original all-male cast had been replaced by women.
“Ghostbusters makes its long-awaited return, rebooted with a cast of hilarious new characters,” Sony Pictures announced on its YouTube page . “Thirty years after the beloved original franchise took the world by storm, director Paul Feig brings his fresh take to the supernatural comedy, joined by some of the funniest actors working today – Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones, and Chris Hemsworth. This summer, they're here to save the world!”
ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads
While sites like Gizmodo declared that the new movie “looks perfect,” the four female stars — including African-American comedian Leslie Jones — brought out the racist and sexist YouTube trolls.
“Good to see they've struck a blow for equality and tolerance,” sparky6899 wrote. “By making all the scientists white women, and the only black woman a gigantic blundering moron.”
“Women are just not funny so why put them in a comedy???” JudasCrusader asked.
“Horrible… Just horrible. I haven't seen a funny movie yet where the main actors are women,” keep22 opined.
“I like how they've elected to move away from the original by removing the comedy and humour and replacing the cast with four women who can't act,” Das Nutnock wrote.
“This movie stinks of feminism from a mile away,” AquilaVictrix quipped.
“Really? REALLY!? In every crack… a lame woman joke, Loud as NY Black woman is comedy relief for the ghetto with her loving thuggery,” Dudes Tattoos observed. “Two nerdy fems trying desperately to sound authentic & interested (straight line reading) in the tech, and now they have multiple little units other than the proton pack like girly mace shooters.”
“I'm praying to any God that will listen to me that this movie bombs,” That214Boy grumbed. “Hollywood just took a huge dyiaria dump with corn in it on a childhood staple movie I grew up enjoying. Didn't laugh at one thing in this trailer. only people who will be watching this are feminazis who are glad to see women get a big name movie behind them and soccer mom's needing a movie to take kids to.”
“FEMINISM is getting out of control… no wonder men don´t get married any more,” ricardo clemente commented.
“ONCE AGAIN they take something great and wonderful and run it through the trenches of femnazies and stupid directors,” LibertarianUSA1982 declared. “Trump 2016 make America great again!”
“Another childhood memory ruined by feminists,” hazeel11 lamented.
The trailer had received over 13,000 down votes just hours after being published. Watch it below.
on •
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT — A Portland, Oregon trans kids organization, TransActive, has succeeded in getting puberty suppressing treatment added to the Oregon Health Plan and Oregon Healthy Kids program in what is reported as a first for any government-funded program.
The Oregon Health Plan will begin this coverage in October, 2014. The Basic Rights Oregon Trans Justice Working Group also had a hand in getting this included in the state health plan.
TransActive's Executive Director Jenn Burleton: “Pubertal suppression provides transgender adolescents the option of avoiding unwanted, irreversible and deeply distressing changes that come with birth-sex pubertal development. Far too often trans adolescents experience increased suicidal ideation as a result of these changes and the indifference of others about the impact these changes have on trans youth.”
I also wrote about TransActive earlier: https://lexiecannes.wordpress.com/2012/11/23/courtney-odonnell-a-sobering-number/
TransActive: http://www.transactiveonline.org
Email: info@transactiveonline.org.
———
You're welcome to share this entire article!
Follow this topic on Lexie Cannes' Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/lexiecannes
Support this site, get the transgender-themed feature film “Lexie Cannes“ DVD here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0963781332
The Guerrilla Angel Report is associated with Wipe Out Transphobia: http://www.wipeouttransphobia.com/
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
Joshua Tree National Park. Image: Flickr/Gregory Smith
The National Park Service has removed 92 documents on climate change from its website. PDFs describing the agency's “Climate Friendly Parks Program” were taken down this month, according to the Environmental Data and Governance Initiative, an investigative journalism nonprofit.
It's difficult to pinpoint when the documents were pulled, but archived versions of the page reveal it happened between December 6 and December 20, 2017. The National Park Service chose not to disclose the update in the page's source code, which some agencies elect to do for transparency reasons.
The now-missing documents outlined climate action plans for 92 national parks, or “CFP Member Parks.” As participants in this program, parks aimed to aggressively reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. Joshua Tree National Park in California, for example, intended to reduce its emissions to 50 percent below 2008 levels by 2016. Montana's Glacier National Park explored the way that vehicle use by visitors contributed to its overall footprint. And Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona vowed to implement a climate adaptation plan to protect its natural and cultural resources.
“The program provides national parks with comprehensive support to address climate change within park boundaries and within surrounding communities,” the National Park Service still says on its website.
It's uncertain whether the scrubbing of its webpage means the Climate Friendly Parks program is being discontinued. But a link for National Park Service staff—to “learn more about how to become a CFP Member and begin the process today on the Green Parks website”—is no longer active, as of December 20, 2016. This page has never been archived, so it's impossible to tell what that resource originally included.
A spokesperson for the National Park Service told Motherboard:
Under Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the National Park Service, like all federal agencies, has a January 18, 2018, deadline to make electronic information and technology accessible to people with disabilities. As part of that process we are updating PDF documents on NPS.gov that are not yet accessible to all, including climate action plans for nearly 100 parks that were listed on a nps.gov webpage. Those non-compliant PDF documents are temporarily unavailable for download while we work to make them compliant with the revised accessibility standards. In the meantime the PDF documents will be provided by email upon request.
The National Park Service didn't say when we can expect the documents to return. It's not immediately clear why the agency didn't just update the PDFs offline and replace them. But we will continue to follow this story, and will provide updates if there are any.
Additional changes to the program's webpage affected the introductory paragraph:
The CFP Program features more than 120 member parks from every region across the Service. To read more about what these parks are doing to respond to climate change and move park operations in a more sustainable direction, select the member park below.
Which now requires you to email the agency for access to the PDFs:
The CFP Program features more than 120 member parks from every region across the National Park Service. Many Climate Action Plans have been developed; a list [sic] parks with available documents is below. If you would like to be emailed a copy of any listed park's action plan, please contact the NPS Sustainable Operations Branch: e-mail us.
Another agency that oversees public lands, the Bureau of Land Management, also removed its climate change page, and also told Motherboard that “extensive changes and upgrades” to its website were responsible for the change. The agency, however, has not reinstated the page since it was taken down earlier this year.
Many of the nation's most popular national parks were members of this program. Part of the “Green Parks Plan,” created on April 22, 2012 under National Park Service director Jonathan Jarvis, it provides actionable ways for parks to respond to, and mitigate, climate change.
The program's importance is evidenced by its participants, like Joshua Tree National Park and Everglades National Park. Both are extremely threatened by climate change—rising temperatures are already shrinking the range of the iconic Joshua tree. Sea level rise, meanwhile, is disrupting the Everglades' unique freshwater ecosystems.
Public information that opposes Trump's environmental policy has steadily disappeared from government websites, starting with the White House. The Interior Department, which oversees the National Park Service, has similarly edited its online climate resources. In the meantime, staff are being ordered to promote fossil fuel development on public lands.
Correction: The headline of this story was updated to clarify that the National Park Service promises to reinstate 92 climate change documents. The original headline was "The National Park Service Promises to Reinstate 92 Climate Change Pages Removed From Website."
Create fun with the best At Uprise, our job is to create fun. And we do that with the best in the industry. We work on games like Battlefield and Star Wars, built by our sister studios DICE and Visceral Games.
Work with awesome talent We've been lucky enough to gather some of the best people in the industry. Our Uprise veterans have spent more than 10 years at the studio.
Innovate with technology We are confident that we need to push technology forward to truly innovate. You'll get to build next-generation technology, and share it with the world through open-source.
Get lots of perks We have +5 weeks of vacation, competitive salaries and bonuses, a strong pension plan, and we even get games for free. Learn more about working in Sweden.
Enjoy a healthy lifestyle We contribute to a healthy lifestyle by giving out free gym cards and free massage sessions. We also kick off every week with a healthy breakfast at the office.
A 25-year-old woman from Great Britain who accused 15 men of raping and sexual assaulting her in four separate incidents has been found guilty of perjury and perverting the course of justice.
RELATED: A former college student is facing prison after making a false rape accusation for the worst reason
False accusations, especially of this kind, never go over well when they're found to be just that — false. Jemma Beale, 25, found this out the hard way.
According to UK tabloid the Sun, Beale was branded by Judge Nicholas Loraine-Smith of Southwark Crown Court in London as an “attention-seeking,” “convincing liar” who enjoyed being seen as a victim. “This trial has revealed what was then not obvious: that you are a very, very convincing liar and you enjoy being seen as a victim,” the judge said. “The prosecution described your life as a ‘construct of bogus victimhood.'”
Beale repeatedly denied that she was lying and accused multiple doctors of fabricating evidence. Meanwhile, more than 6,400 hours and more than $300,000 were spent debunking her claims.
As the Sun noted, investigators found “common discrepancies” in the four sex assault cases back in 2014, resulting in one of the accused men, Mahad Cassim, having a conviction overturned.
It goes without saying how such a thing would destroy a life, but Cassim said he's moving forward with his life.
“One of my goals is to be a successful businessman, to have a nice family and be happy. I am working on the happiness — I have a long way to go,” he said.
RELATED: This man's Facebook messages revealed the disturbing plans he had for a baby before it was too late
For all of this, Beale has been sentenced to 10 years in prison.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Leading British Jews today branded David Cameron's handling of the Calais migrant crisis “appalling”.
In a strongly worded letter they compared the plight of the migrants to that of Jewish refugees who fled Hitler.
Two hundred people, including 20 rabbis, signed the letter calling on the Prime Minister to be more sympathetic. The signatories criticised Mr Cameron for using the term “swarms” to describe those trying to cross the Channel.
“Many of us in the Jewish community are appalled by the UK's response to the ongoing situation in Calais,” said the letter, sent from the Jewish Council for Racial Equality (JCORE). “Our experience as refugees is not so distant that we've forgotten what it's like to be demonised for seeking safety.”
This week Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond described migrants attempting to cross over to Britain as “marauding”. Last week about 200 tried to storm the Channel Tunnel, while hauliers say drivers have been threatened by stowaways. Britain has paid for a £7 million security fence.
The letter said: “People fleeing conflict and persecution are not to blame for the crisis in Calais; neither is our welfare system, nor the French government. Above all, we in the UK are not the victims here; we are not being invaded by a ‘swarm'.” The Jewish leaders said refugees were usually seeking a safer society and were not attracted by benefits.
Britain accepted almost 10,000 predominantly Jewish children from Nazi Germany, Austria, Czechoslovakia and Poland in 1938 and 1939. Among those saved were artist Frank Auerbach, now 84, and Labour peer Lord Dubs, 83.
Dr Edie Friedman, executive director of JCORE, said: “The Jewish refugee experience is still a vivid memory for many in our community.
“The Government's failure to even consider helping those fleeing conflict and persecution today shames us as a nation. Rather than shut ourselves off from the world, it is vitally important that we work with the rest of Europe to create safe and legal routes for refugees to claim asylum.”
Since June, nine people have died in the Channel Tunnel while attempting to gain access to the UK. However, 2,000 have died in the Mediterranean trying to enter Europe by sea.
Rabbi Laura Janner-Klausner said: “No country has a perfect record on immigration. No country could do, such is the complexity of the issue and the lives of those it affects.
“We can, however, take lessons from the very country so many Jews fled from in the last century — Germany. One German MP has taken in two Eritrean refugees, and is helping them find jobs.”
The announcement last week of an agreement between Iran and the P5+1 on the parameters that would form the basis of a final nuclear agreement was a historic breakthrough. If the details outlined by the Obama administration hold, the final deal that is due to be negotiated by June 30, will have achieved the objective of creating conditions that will deter Iran from attempting a breakout – overt or covert – to a nuclear weapon. The concessions made by Iran at its known facilities will keep it at a breakout time of a year or longer for at least ten years, making it impossible for Iran to use those facilities to build a nuclear weapon without being quickly caught . And the inspections and verification regime that will last 25 years or longer will dramatically reduce Iran's ability to covertly build a nuclear weapon.
However, the distance between parameters and a final agreement remains significant. Over the next three months the administration will have to deal with three major challenges as it attempts to finalize an agreement: (1) a skeptical U.S. Congress; (2) nervous Middle Eastern allies; and (3) the negotiations themselves.
A Concerned Congress
The first and most immediate challenge will be selling the agreement to Congress. Congressional leverage is found in the sanctions regime, which would have to be removed as part of any agreement. The president has the flexibility under current legislation to waive sanctions as Iran takes the necessary steps to limit its nuclear program. However, if Congress can pass legislation with a veto proof majority it can take away the president's waiver authority or add new sanctions, thus undermining any deal.
The good news for the president is that members of Congress have indicated that in the aftermath of last week's announcement, they do not plan to bring forward new sanctions legislation that could undermine negotiations. Instead, Congress will hold further sanctions in reserve in the event the negotiations collapse.
However, legislation introduced by Senator Bob Corker, Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, may begin moving its way through the system when Congress returns next week. The legislation would give Congress 60 days in the aftermath of a deal to pass a resolution of disapproval that would take away the president's ability to provide Iran with sanctions relief and thus kill any agreement. It would also restrict the president's ability to provide any new relief during that 60-day review period. The president has promised to veto the legislation, but members may be able to put together a veto-proof majority.
The legislation is problematic in a number of ways. Most importantly, it needlessly jeopardizes ongoing negotiations. According to American negotiators, last month's letter to the “Leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran” written by Senator Tom Cotton and signed by 46 other Republican senators already soured the atmosphere in the negotiating room and made the negotiations more difficult. Inserting new legislation is an additional complicating variable in what is already likely to be a difficult environment . Iranian negotiators will express additional skepticism about American ability to implement the agreement and it might also lead the Iranian Parliament to retaliate with its own unhelpful legislation. If the final agreement with Iran is not to Congress' liking it can, at any time, remove the president's ability to provide sanctions relief and thus nullify the agreement. It does not have to do so before an agreement is even signed.
Another major problem with the legislation is that in order to continue to implement the agreement, the president would have to certify, in law, every 90 days that Iran has not supported or carried out a terrorist attack against any American person or target anywhere in the world. Any intelligence professional will tell you that this sets an impossible bar since the intelligence community is not omnipotent and does not know what it does not know. If there is a minor incident between Shia militias in Iraq and American forces would that nullify the nuclear agreement? It might, since as written the intelligence community would not be able to say with certainty if Iran was in anyway involved. Indeed, this language might inadvertently set up perverse incentives for hardliners in Tehran to support such terrorist actions in order to kill the deal.
In the end, the administration has a strong hand to play. Any deal-killing legislation will require a significant number of Democrats to join Republicans for a veto-proof majority, and given the surprising level of detail in last week's announcement and the toughness of some of the provisions, it is hard to imagine so many members of the president's own party ultimately opposing him. Even if Congress is insistent on passing legislation prior to June 30, the White House, with the support of Democratic proponents of legislation, will still have the flexibility to engage in negotiations that fix some of the most problematic language.
But the far wiser step for Congress would be to hold off until after June 30. At that point, it can play a useful role in judging any final agreement and pass legislation that includes tough oversight provisions to ensure that the executive branch effectively implements the agreement, and provides greater funding to make sure the necessary resources are available to implement an agreement in the most rigorous way possible.
Anxious Allies
Beyond Congress, the next difficult challenge for the Obama Administration will be managing the anxieties of our Middle Eastern partners – especially Saudi Arabia and Israel. In his statement announcing the agreement, the President clearly alluded to this concern and invited the Gulf Cooperation Council states to join him at a summit at Camp David to discuss mutual regional concerns.
The Saudis have publicly supported the agreement, though it is not clear how they view it privately. Their chief concern is not the nuclear agreement itself but a fear that this will lead to a pivot in American policy in the region, reorienting towards Iran and Shia actors more generally. They believe that the most direct threat from Iran comes from Iran's support for Shia surrogates and proxies in Yemen, Syria, Lebanon, Iraq and elsewhere in the region.
Therefore, the most important reassurance that the United States can provide to its Gulf partners is not new hardware or a U.S. nuclear guarantee. Instead, it is a commitment to work together to counter Iranian asymmetric threats in the region. This entails a high level sustained strategic dialogue and coordinating mechanism between the United States and our partners on how to counter Iranian influence in the region. It can also include increased intelligence sharing, more aggressive interdictions of arms shipments, securing critical infrastructure, and working together to build partner capacity in the weak states that can counter Iranian proxies. Indeed, quiet U.S. support for the Saudi intervention in Yemen may be an initial indicator that the White House is moving in this direction.
Rather than focusing on the regional question, the Israelis are much more concerned with the nuclear agreement itself and the threat of a nuclear-armed Iran. Prime Minister Netanyahu came out publicly against the agreement, including in a series of television interviews on the Sunday talk shows. However, there also appears to be a shift in the Israeli approach as more voices, particularly in the security establishment, are arguing that Israel should work closely with the United States to improve the agreement instead of publicly opposing it.
There are a number of steps the United States can take to reassure the Israelis. First, through high-level dialogue it can offer reassurances to Israel about precisely how it plans to implement the agreement and how it will judge violations. This is crucial for the Israelis, whose greatest fear is that once a deal is struck the international community's attention will turn elsewhere, and after a number of years of compliance Iran will be able to cheat with no consequences. The United States can also expand its already robust support for Israel's ballistic missile defense systems and, similarly to the Gulf states, collaborate more closely on countering Iranian proxies and surrogates in the region.
Trying Talks
The third and final challenge may be the greatest, and that is negotiating the final agreement with Iran. This will not be easy. The same brinksmanship and hard negotiating tactics that characterized the last round will persist. There will be moments when all appears lost and that a deal may not be achievable.
Significant gaps remain. Most notably, there are still many details to be worked out on the schedule for the implementation of sanctions relief and what mechanism would need to be put in place to ensure that sanctions are “snapped back” into place if Iran violates the agreement. There is also concern about the precise details of the scope of research and development that Iran will be able to conduct under the agreement. And beyond this, it is also possible that Iran will backslide on some of the commitments it made in April.
However, with every major breakthrough it becomes more difficult for the parties to walk away. In particular, the agreement has been met with strong support from the Iranian people and expectations for sanctions relief are now sky high. Iran's establishment has universally come out in support of the agreement including most recently the commander of Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, Mohammad Ali Jafari. It will be very difficult for Iran's leaders to leave the field with nothing to show for the talks. It will also be easier to negotiate since most of the remaining details are more technical and less political, creating greater flexibility for technical experts to work out solutions. Thus, even though there are certain to be additional bumps in the road, the successful conclusion of a final comprehensive agreement is very likely.
In the end, the Obama administration is likely to face significant challenges from Congress, concerned partners, and in the negotiating room as it tries to complete this agreement. Furthermore, the challenges of implementation will be equally onerous. However, momentum is building and every step of the way it becomes increasingly likely that, against tough odds, the United States and Iran will achieve a historic breakthrough and resolve the challenges surrounding Iran's nuclear program.
Ilan Goldenberg is a Senior Fellow and Director of the Middle East Security Program at the Center for a New American Security.
About a year ago, I wrote out some principles for web programming in PHP. I called it the MicroPHP Manifesto. The thing is, what I talked about wasn't really specific to PHP. So, I've decided to explore the concepts again in the context of the other languages I work with.
What follows are some principles I try to keep in mind.
Learn languages, not frameworks
I like PHP, Python, and JavaScript, and I like making things in PHP, Python, and JavaScript. I'm not a Symfony developer, or a Django developer, or a jQuery developer.
I think this is an important distinction. It's entirely possible to be a jQuery developer, but not a JavaScript developer. It's possible to be a Django developer, but not a Python developer. Those are all certainly valuable and useful tools, but if I only know how to use one framework, my options for using the right tool for the job get pretty limited, and in my experience, large, full-stack frameworks are often not the right tool, particularly if flexibilty and performance are major concerns.
My experience has been that I become a better, more versatile developer when I focus on learning a language first. Diving head-first into a full-stack, complex framework when I'm starting out has allowed me to build finished products more quickly, but it also becomes a detriment when I need solutions outside of the framework's scope. I often end up with a “plug and pray” approach to development, where I find a library or plugin that sounds like it will meet my needs, cross my fingers, and shove it in. That might get my app launched faster, but it makes stuff a lot harder down the road.
Additionally, learning a full-stack framework can be as complex as learning a new programming language. They often have complex architectures and nomenclatures — parts that don't carry over to other frameworks and tools. I'd rather spend my time learning more about the language itself, knowing the skills that I learn will apply to anything I build in the language, no matter which libraries I use.
Build small things
Small units of code are good. The smaller it is, the easier it is to understand. It's harder to screw it up — and I screw stuff up a lot, so limiting that is really important.
So, I strive to build small modules of code with a single purpose, or at most a few closely-related purposes. They should be self-contained pieces that solve individual problems. These pieces then work together to solve larger, more complex problems.
With simpler, modular code, fixing bugs is easier, because I can look at an individual piece and see clearly what it's doing. And, if the modules are self-contained, testing my code is much easier.
Less code is better than more
To paraphrase Biggie Smalls, “more code, more problems.”
I want to manage less code. Larger codebases get harder to manage. Searching across the codebase takes longer. Navigating through complex file structures takes longer. Tracing execution through dozens of files is hard. Keeping it all straight in my brain gets challenging.
Bigger libraries and longer code seem to overflow my brain buffer. I have trouble keeping track of code flow when the source gets too long, or when execution is jumping between several source files, and visual noise really affects me, too. This is why I love syntax coloring so much, and consistent whitespace really helps. I use the code folding feature in my editor a lot, just to hide things, so I can focus better on the task at hand.
I also want to support less code. I'm responsible for all of the code that my app uses, not just the stuff I wrote — every single line of it. This means that bugs and security holes are my responsibility. How often do we see a WordPress or Drupal plugin get abandoned after a year or so? Am I sure I want to use a piece of code I don't really understand, when a year down the road I may have to fix an exploit in it?
This is not to say that I would never use code that I didn't write — I'd be hard-pressed to get much done that way, and frankly there are better programmers out there than me — but every line of code in my app matters, so I need to justify each one.
Create and use simple, readable code
I want code that is easy to understand. Understanding things quickly means getting stuff done faster. My time to productivity is shortened. My time to fix bugs is shortened.
I also want code that is easy to verify. My code should be testable, whether or not I get around to actually writing those tests, and I've consistently found that simpler, more modular code is more testable.
Readability should be a feature. Code should be simple and terse, but clear. Value clarity over cleverness. When I'm writing code, I try to consider how quickly another developer will be able to understand it at first glance. Alternately, will I be able to understand it when I come back to it in two months? The less time I waste trying to figure out how things work, the more there will be for getting things done.
I'd be lying if I said I always follow these principles. Sometimes, I just get lazy. Sometimes, time constraints mean I write hacky, complex code as fast as possible to get something working, or I pull in a library without reviewing it carefully, and hope it works. In the short term, writing simple, clear code is harder — it requires more discipline and frequent reassessment of technique. Particularly with time-sensitive projects, it's hard to ever feel like I ever am entirely happy with the results.
But, when I make the time and put the effort in, it always pays off down the road — not just for myself, but for the other members of my team and people who use the code I've written, and that's a really good feeling.
