The United States said Monday that it has formally asked Iran to return an American surveillance drone that fell into Iranian hands earlier this month. Iran says it is extracting technology from the lost aircraft and will build copies of it.
U.S. officials had been circumspect about the drone, which Iranian Revolutionary Guards were filmed inspecting last week.
Now the authenticity of the pictured aircraft is not being disputed, and President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton say the United States wants it back.
At his news conference with Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, the president was asked whether the loss of the drone would undermine U.S. national security.
“With respect to the drone inside of Iran, I'm not going to comment on intelligence matters that are classified," said President Obama. "As has already been indicated, we have asked for it back. We'll see how the Iranians respond.”
The request is understood to have been conveyed to Tehran by the Swiss government, which represents U.S. interests in Iran in the absence of diplomatic relations.
The U.S. government has not commented on the mission of the unmanned aircraft, which appears to be an RQ-170 Sentinel drone with advanced stealth technology.
News reports have said it was on a surveillance mission over Afghanistan and strayed into Iranian airspace or that it was spying on Iran's nuclear program when ground controllers lost contact with it. Iran says it brought down the plane with a cyberattack, but aviation experts say the plane probably malfunctioned.
At a press event with British Foreign Secretary William Hague, Secretary of State Clinton said the return of the drone is unlikely.
“We very clearly are making known our concerns," said Clinton. "We submitted a formal request for the return of our lost equipment as we would in any situation to any government around the world. Given Iran's behavior to date, we do not expect them to comply.”
Iran has sent a letter of protest to the United Nations over the drone incident, accusing the United States of provocative actions and violating international law.
A member the Iran's parliament says Iranian military experts are in the final stages of extracting data from the drone and soon will be able to copy and mass produce the plane - a claim that has been ridiculed by Western defense experts.
In his comments with Secretary Clinton, British Foreign Secretary Hague said his government has not given up on engagement with Iran.
But he said recent events, including last month's mob attack on the British embassy in Tehran, suggest that at least some elements of Iran's leadership are bent on confrontation with the West.
“We have seen an increasing predilection for dangerous and illegal adventures on the part of at least part of the Iranian regime," said Hague. "It may not be the work of a united Iranian regime. But from at least part of the Iranian regime, such actions have been sanctioned.”
Hague said the European Union plans to tighten nuclear sanctions on Tehran next month with tougher measures focused on Iran's financial, energy and transport sectors. He said pressure will be increased as long as Iran's nuclear program continues “with no adequate explanation of a peaceful purpose.”
Banished from Heaven, Satan rouses his rebel angels from the fiery pool in ‘bottomless perdition' in an illustration from Book I of the 1688 first illustrated edition of John Milton's “Paradise Lost.” Engraved by Michael Burgher. (Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
Update 9:20 p.m.: The Satanic Temple and Harvard Extension Cultural Studies Club have reportedly cancelled the event, which was scheduled to be held tonight, citing their inability to secure a venue.
A Harvard student group's plans to host a “satanic black mass” on campus tonight has managed to roil even the most liberal of college campuses with controversy.
The Harvard Extension Cultural Studies Club, which is affiliated with the university's continuing education division, says it plans to team up with the Satanic Temple (the same group that brought us this gem: a satanic statue for Oklahoma's state capitol) to reenact the ritual.
The Satanic Temple claims the event is not supernatural in nature (because, of course, they do not believe in the supernatural) and the Harvard club suggests that it is all about the study of different religions.
But the Catholic Church isn't brushing it off as the religion-baiting shenanigans of a campus group. The Archdiocese of Boston released a statement condemning the group's plans, citing the recent warnings of Pope Francis about the encroaching influence of Satan in the world:
The Catholic community in the Archdiocese of Boston expresses its deep sadness and strong opposition to the plan to stage a “black mass” on the campus of Harvard University in Cambridge. For the good of the Catholic faithful and all people, the church provides clear teaching concerning satanic worship. This activity separates people from God and the human community, it is contrary to charity and goodness, and it places participants dangerously close to destructive works of evil. In a recent statement, Pope Francis warned of the danger of being naïve about or underestimating the power of Satan, whose evil is too often tragically present in our midst. We call upon all believers and people of good will to join us in prayer for those who are involved in this event, that they may come to appreciate the gravity of their actions, and in asking Harvard to disassociate itself from this activity.
Over the weekend, my colleague Anthony Faiola had a fascinating dispatch from Vatican City about the modern pope's very old-school warnings in a church that has increasingly de-emphasized the Prince of Darkness.
In this case, the church in Boston appears to be heeding his warning about a ritual that is considered at the very least the highest form of blasphemy, and at worst, a direct invitation to Satan.
In general, “black masses” are intended to be a mockery of traditional Catholic Mass, though there is wide variation in how it is actually practiced. And there is also little historical evidence that it was commonly practiced at all.
Despite this, the student club's reasoning, according to its statement, is that the “historical event” is only being used as a tool to “explore religious facets that continue to influence contemporary culture.”
But aside from a few limited historical references, the “black mass” is mostly a fascination of modern so-called “satanists,” according to J. Gordon Melton, a professor of religious history at Baylor University.
The first recorded black mass, Melton said, dates back to the court of Louis XIV of France. Seeking to use black magic to preserve his love for his mistress, Françoise Athénaïs, he enlisted the help of a renegade Catholic priest who drew upon lingering notions of pagan magic to perform the dark ceremony.
The secret sauce: a consecrated host or Eucharist (which Catholics believe is the body of Christ) and a murdered infant, Melton said.
“They sacrificed a baby in the first black mass,” he said.
The ceremony was believed to combine “old ritual traditions and surviving ideas about magic” with ceremonies from the church, based on the belief that “there were things you could do to mystically align the universe in your favor,” Melton said.
Until the 1960s, the references to black masses in historical documents were usually few and far between. And the rituals usually involved doing something fairly illegal in some way — using blood, desecrating the church or, at the very least, stealing a consecrated Eucharist, Melton said.
In the 1960s, probably the best known satanist of recent years, Anton LeVey, created his own interpretation of the black mass, which, according to Melton, didn't typically involve illegal acts — just sex.
“Instead of centering it on a host or a sacrifice or doing something with blood, he simply had a nude female for an alter,” Melton said. “It became something that was sexually oriented rather than something that was related to blood or evil.”
Either way, the Satanic Temple managed to infuriate Catholics by initially suggesting that they would use a consecrated host — the highest form of blasphemy.
Satanic Temple spokesman Lucien Graves managed to quickly walk that back, but not without a dose of snark:
“While Black Masses are supposed to utilize a consecrated host, ours is merely representative of a consecrated host,” Greaves told CNSNews.com. “It is not consecrated. We neither believe in nor invoke the supernatural.”
But Catholics are probably right to question the suggestion that omitting a consecrated host makes the event any less intended to be a mockery of their faith.
According to the Cultural Studies Club: “Our purpose is not to denigrate any religion or faith, which would be repugnant to our educational purposes, but instead to learn and experience the history of different cultural practices.”
Representatives for the cultural studies club declined to identify themselves and answer questions for this story.
Asked whether black masses historically had any component to it that involved actual religious practice, Melton said, “not really. It's much more of a parody of a religion than anything else.”
Though Catholics believe that black masses are central to the practice of Satanist sects and cults, Melton suggested that Satanism in general and the practice of black masses in particular are far less common.
In fact, since they first appeared in the 16th and 17th centuries, the recorded examples of the ceremonies being practiced are limited, he said. When they did come up, it was rarely in an organized or consistent way.
“I like to say that Satanism is the largest religion in the world that doesn't exist,” Melton said.
Catholics affiliated with Harvard are petitioning against the event, which is scheduled to be held at 8:30 p.m. tonight at the Queens Head Pub in Memorial Hall, and the Archdiocese of Boston plans to counter it with a holy hour scheduled about the same time.
Harvard President Drew Faust issued a statement this morning condemning the “abhorrent” event, but she said that Harvard won't interfere because of its commitment to freedom of expression. She will attend the holy hour at St. Paul's Church instead.
Great Smoky Mountains National Park officials hope DNA testing can prevent the misidentification and destruction of bears in connection with attacks/NPS
Great Smoky Mountains National Park biologists, who recently killed the wrong bear in their hunt for one that attacked a teenager while he slept in the backcountry, are working with a forensics lab to develop a DNA tracking procedure that could prevent similar misidentifications in the future.
The DNA analysis, being performed by the Wildlife Forensics DNA Lab at East Stroudsburg University in Pennsylvania, is still being fine-tuned. But park officials hope that the lab soon will be able to identify individual bears quickly enough to help biologists in dealing with problem bears.
The teenager was attacked on June 6 while he and his father slept in hammocks at backcountry campsite 84. The father managed to drive off the bear and get his son to medical treatment.
The next evening, "wildlife biologists encountered and shot at a bear near campsite 84, but the bear ran off after the shots were fired and biologists were unable to confirm whether the bear had been struck," park officials said Tuesday. "Efforts to track the bear were unsuccessful due to darkness and a severe thunderstorm with heavy rainfall that fell immediately following the shooting.
"On the morning of June 8, a bear was caught in a culvert trap set at campsite 84. Biologists euthanized the bear and collected a sample for DNA analysis."
During a subsequent search of campsite 84, biologists found a rifle bullet that contained some bear hair. That sample, along with saliva collected from the teen's equipment, was sent to the DNA lab for analysis. While the analysis indicated that the bear that was put down and the bear that was shot were two different males, the analysis wasn't completed in time to save the life of the bear that was captured in the culvert trap. Still, park officials are optimistic that the process can be sped up to potentially prevent similar situations in the future.
"We are pleased that they were able to provide such timely results, which now opens the door for us to consider humanely holding a wild bear in captivity to wait for DNA confirmation linking a captured bear to a bear attack," park spokeswoman Dana Soehn told the Traveler via email Tuesday. "If we can find a suitable facility to hold an animal, we feel that we now have tools available to us to reduce the risk of euthanizing an uninvolved animal."
Initial DNA results from the sampling were provided the park staff on June 15, with the complete report arriving four days later. According to Great Smoky officials, this marks "the first time in the history of managing bear populations in the park where wildlife biologists have had access to a lab willing and capable of processing DNA samples in a timely enough manner to be of use in a bear attack case."
The DNA analysis also confirms that the bear trapped at campsite 84 and the bear shot at campsite 84 are two different male bears. The DNA sample taken from the trapped bear does not match DNA from the attack bear. The DNA from the shot bear was insufficient to make a definitive positive or negative match with DNA collected from the attack bear, but the DNA characteristics are quite similar. The genetics specialist conducting the analysis estimated at least a 65% DNA match between the shot bear and the bear responsible for the attack. While it is likely that the bear shot was the same involved in the attack, it cannot be confirmed without a better DNA sample.
Ms. Soehn said the decision to put down the bear caught in the culvert trap was made due to the danger of having a predatory bear in the park.
"Due to the extreme seriousness of the situation and threat to human safety, we did respond quickly to the area to remove any bear from the area believed to be involved in the attack. Allowing a bear that exhibits predatory behavior towards humans to remain in the population directly poses a great risk to visitors as the behavior is likely to be repeated," she said.
Park Superintendent Cassius Cash added in a prepared statement that, “Though extremely rare and regrettable, we recognize that an uninvolved bear was euthanized through this process and we will be examining new procedures that may allow us to quickly use DNA analysis to correctly identify bears responsible for predatory attacks in the future.”
According to the park, wildlife biologists "believe that the bear that was shot is likely dead as no bear activity at campsite 84 has been observed since June 8 despite extensive search efforts. Out of an abundance of caution, park staff is continuing their search and investigation while the temporary closure remains in effect. Managers will assess later in the week whether it would be reasonably safe to end the closure at that time following a few more days of search efforts."
The national park's black bear population is about 1,500 individuals, according to Ms. Soehn.
"On average, over the last 20 years, we have euthanized two bears a year. This year, we have now euthanized three bears, including the one at Campsite 84," she said. "This does not include the bear linked to the attack which was shot at Campsite 84. We are still looking for a carcass in the area, but we may never have 100% confirmation that this animal was killed."
Alive's signature event celebrates its tenth anniversary with five more promising musical acts.
In January of 2003, the Alive staff threw a concert at Skully's featuring five especially promising Columbus musical acts. The event was such a smashing success they did it again the next year, and the following year, and on and on until here we are 10 years later.
A lot has changed since then. The staff is an entirely different bunch of people. The music scene has morphed too, as beloved bands, venues, record stores and recording studios have come and gone.
But the event is still essentially the same: Five awesome performers bursting with potential on stage together at Skully's. We couldn't be more excited to put on a show with Cadaver Dogs, The End of The Ocean, Forest & the Evergreens, The Girls! and The Saturday Giant. Read on for an in-depth look at each band.
We have tacked on a few fun frills over the years, though. In 2010 came the addition of a closing DJ set, which George Brazil (Dirty Triff, Sweatin', Bradtoberfest) will ably handle this year. 2013 brings video portraits from the good folks at gingerATTACK!, viewable at ColumbusAlive.com and Saturday at the show.
We don't know if every band featured this year will go on to rule the world, but we do know they are absolutely incredible right now. Plus, as always, admission is free. So come party with us Saturday at Skully's and celebrate not just the enduring power of Bands to Watch but the ongoing excellence of the Columbus music scene.
Bands to Watch through the years
2012
The DewDroppers
Freaky Franz
Monster Rally
Meechie Nelson
Sundown
DJ set: Bruni
2011
Alleyes Path
P. Blackk & Fabrashay A
The Town Monster
Way Yes
The Wet Darlings
DJ set: Self Help
2010
Andrew Graham and Swarming Branch
Saintseneca
Shin Tower Music
Struck By Lightning
Nick Tolford & Company
DJ set: roeVy
2009
Couch Forts
The Crimson Armada
The Main Street Gospel
This Is My Suitcase
Tin Armor
2008
Fly Union
Rosehips
Sinkane
The Slide Machine
Young Wise
2007
Brainbow
The Catalyst
Blake Miller
Outer Spacist
Paper Airplane
2006
Heavy Mole
Pretty Weapons
Psychedelic Horseshit
The Squares
Zero
2005
Envelope
Necropolis
Sweetheart
Terribly Empty Pockets
Times New Viking
2004
The Blue Revision
The Cinema Eye
Deadsea
Diet
Illogic
2003
The Means
Monster Movies
Silencio
Teeth of the Hydra
Two Cow Garages
Gears of War 4 is coming to Xbox One and Windows 10 as a buy once, play anywhere title. Gears of War's signature PvE Horde Mode will support cross co-operative play between Xbox One and Windows 10 players, in addition to the campaign. Naturally, the PvP multiplayer modes will be platform specific, due to the competitive advantages gained from using a mouse and keyboard. In discussion with Gears of War 4 Lead Multiplayer Designer Ryan Cleven, I learned all about Horde Mode 3.0's new class system, the Fabricator, the game's new dynamic fortification system and much more. You won't want to miss this.
Jez Corden: First of all, thank you for this opportunity! I was wondering, why did you guys decide to switch it up to a class based system for Gears of War 4? What format will that take? For example, will the classes have special abilities? Will they be locked to specific weapons and so on? Horde Mode is about scavenging, it's about building, and we wanted to make sure players could do all of these things. Ryan Cleven: Well we wanted to encourage the players to take on different roles to bring out more co-op gameplay. We also, at the same time, wanted to embrace what made Horde Mode. We didn't go down the Judgement route of saying 'you can only have this particular kind of weapon.' Horde Mode is about scavenging, it's about building, and we wanted to make sure players could do all of these things. So, every class has a certain set of starting weapons or load outs, and they each have their own set of abilities on top of that to give them bonuses when doing certain things. We have the Sniper, Scout, Soldier, Heavy and Engineer. For example, the Sniper has a bunch of abilities that pertain to getting headshots and using marksman-type weapons. So even though they start out with, you know, lower level marksman weapons, they still have the ability to run around and pick up the new EMBAR or the Longshot if they need more ammo. We wanted players to feel free to play the scavenging type game that feels like Horde. But at the same time, if there's a role they need to play because their team wants them to or because they found a class that suits their playstyle. Ideally, both of those things. We want them to be able to do so.
Ryan: It also lets us give them like, an arc. In the beginning, every class has access to a single skill card. Over time, as classes level up, they can bring up to five of cards. Every class has around 11 that they can choose from. So every time that you do a Horde run, you're going to be making a choice as to 'how do I want to build my class?' and 'how does the rest of the team want to build their classes?' It really expanded the possibilities. 'What is the best team composition?' 'What are the best builds?' We're not sure. We're hoping players will mix and match, and experiment with different things to find the best class load outs. From the beginning, every class will have enough skills to play in a very comfortable way, and as you play Horde, you're going to earn in-game credits, and you will be able to buy Horde Packs which contain more skills to help build up your library. It harkens to our biggest design pillar for Gears in Horde 3.0, which is emergence. We took an approach to building classes that was more emergent than I think other more, 'strict' class designs might work. Jez: Can you tell us a little more about the skill cards? What the abilities the cards will provide, for example? Are they similar to Halo 5's REQ system that gives weapons and other power-ups? Ryan: You're going to get a certain number of those cards when you start. From the beginning, every class will have enough skills to play in a very comfortable way, and as you play Horde, you're going to earn in-game credits, and you will be able to buy Horde Packs which contain more skills to help build up your library. They're a little different to REQ cards in Halo. They're permanent bonuses, and a lot of them are passive bonuses that pertain to that type of activities that that class is doing. The Scout can get a bonus that helps him seek out Power that's used to buy fortifications. The Engineer can build more cheaply and can repair more quickly. The Sniper has abilities that grant more damage or reload speed with marksman weapons. But eventually, you'll start to get more active skills. The Scout has an ability that allows him to receive health when doing damage with shotguns, and the ability to see through walls.
Ryan: So at a very basic level, they are passive ability buffs, at the mid-level, they're a little more active and at the very top level we have Strikes. Strikes are skill cards that you will have to bring in with you. You'll have to bring in a Sniper Strike, a Mortar Strike Hammer of Dawn Strike as a card and it will enable them at The Fabricator. Jez: Speaking of the Fabricator, can you tell us a little more about it and how it works? Ryan: The Fabricator is another one of our key examples of our new fortification that harkens back to that emergence idea. We really wanted the fortifications in Gears of War 4 to feel different than the prescribed setups we saw in Gears of War 3, while still retaining all of the great gameplay. The Fabricator is the hub of this. So when you first start out, there's a Fabricator dropped in the middle of the map and players can run up to it, pick it up and they can take it anywhere that they want to. They can continue to move it through the entire game at any time. Whether it's the thirty-second downtime between rounds or during combat, you can pick up and move the Fabricator. When The Fabricator is sitting somewhere, it can be used to build all the other fortifications. They are not placed on the map like in Gears of War 3. You build them out of the Fabricator. The Fabricator takes money, in the form of Power, which is dropped by enemies when you kill them. When an enemy dies, they drop power on the ground, you pick it up and bring it back to the Fabricator.
Ryan: The Fabricator is the hub of your base, effectively. If you pick up a fortification from it, such as a barrier or a turret, you can place it wherever you want. You can even pick it up again, adjust it, and find the perfect place to put that barrier to maximize the defenses. You can even stack barriers on barriers on barriers and try to grease the A.I. in whatever clever ways you can come up with. It's a game changer. You can even stack barriers on barriers on barriers and try to grease the A.I. in whatever clever ways you can come up with. It's a game changer. Jez: Could you create choke points with the barriers, funneling all the enemies towards a turret? Is that the sort of gameplay you're talking about? Ryan: Yeah. Managing the choke points, using decoys to pull the creatures where you want them, using barriers to slow them down. We've added a new shock turret in addition to the classic machine gun turret. The shock turret will also slow them down and stun them. We've also added a new weapons locker which I can talk about a little bit. It's as you described, you can set up these kill zones that are ideal for stacking the damage from both the fortifications and your team. As we talked about before, with the Sniper, it's their role to make sure that the big guys are taking lots of headshots before they get to your defenses. The big guys would otherwise be able to take out your defenses much faster. Jez: That sounds quite epic. Speaking of the Sniper and the other classes, are they represented visually? Or do players choose their own skins as usual? Ryan: We had gone back and forth on that. We felt that it was important for players to be able to choose what they look like. We decided to go with the ability for players to pick whatever skins they want to use and whatever class they want to play independently. What's different about them is the weapons they're carrying initially. Every class has a different weapon loadout, so when you see someone spawn you should know what class they are. There are other ways though the UI to figure out who's playing which class. However, the look of the character is up to the player as usual.
Jez: Can you tell us a little bit about the weapons locker? Ryan: So again going back to that emergence idea. In Gears 2, it was really interesting how the most optimal way to perform was to manipulate the time between waves by picking up weapons so that they crossed the boundary of when the weapons would otherwise get cleaned up. As well as finding the best places to put the Boom Shields to create a little fort, effectively. We're not talking about our future Horde plans, but we've definitely built it with expandability in mind. The weapons locker provides a more formalized way of allowing players to engage with that loot. The weapons locker enables you to pick up any weapon and store it permanently. It will also be reloaded when it's inside the locker. You can then hold the weapons that you want, for as long as you want, and then deploy them on the waves that you find the most difficult. Such as a boss wave. So imagine you've got a Mulcher or one of the new weapons like the Buzzkill, and you've expended its ammo. Typically you would have thrown that away, but instead, you can now put it back in the weapons locker, juggling two different weapons to maximize the time you have with these heavy weapons. It's one of the most powerful fortifications because it lets players use the weapons that they want to. Of course, they're still limited by how many they can store, so they have to make choices about what weapons to use and when. Jez: Speaking of the boss waves, will we see monsters unique to Horde Mode? The system you have created sounds as though it could support a lot of longevity, similar to Halo's Warzone with extra content drops, new Elite enemies and so on. Ryan: We're not talking about our future plans, but we've definitely built it with expandability in mind. Horde Mode will have a number of bosses. Are there unique Horde bosses? Making a boss is no simple task, we've definitely done modifications of existing enemies to adapt them to Horde Mode. Work has been done to make them specific to Horde mode, but there are no enemy types specific to Horde Mode at the moment.
Jez: Moving away from Horde Mode, what would you say are the biggest changes players can expect to see in PvP multiplayer? Ryan: One of the biggest changes is the new close cover combat system. It allows players to lean over cover and execute with the knife. There's a whole bunch of work that we had to do to make sure that it didn't break the game while adding new moments to play. In multiplayer, what we've tried to do is address every layer of the audience, bringing it all together inside our new skill rating system. I think some of the new modes like Escalation for eSports, for example. In multiplayer, what we've tried to do is address every layer of the audience, bringing it all together inside our new skill rating system. Gears of War 4 has a new skill based rating system for its ranking area that isn't based on grinding. It's all based on skill. That has fed into a lot of improvements in the matchmaking to try and bring people together of similar ability. That's really important to us because we know that historically Gears of War hasn't been the easiest multiplayer game to jump into. We want to make sure that new players have a place to play, but we also want to ensure that the high-end e-Sports players and competitive gamers also have a place to play inside the same ecosystem. We feel that Gears of War 4 is the first in the series to try to address this entire range of players in the way that we have. Jez: That sounds like something that will appeal to me, as someone who is terrible at Gears PvP, haha. Ryan: We've used the matchmaker in a slightly different way as well. We've provided a co-op versus playlist versus bots. I know that's almost like an oxymoron, but that means that five players can get matchmade against each other and play against A.I. inside the versus modes. We see this as a first class way to play the game. It's not a second tier feature. For players who choose to play that way, we still want to reward those who play co-op versus mode and it's a much safer place to get started in multiplayer. It's something that we hope newer players will enjoy.
If you believe that the athletes' minds aren't as fragile as that of one former Arizona placekicker, then the Arizona Wildcats' 49-0 loss to the Oregon Ducks is now the most positive blowout in the history of football -- or perhaps sport. Rich Rodriguez's team got shown the hell out the door in Autzen Stadium on Saturday, yet a view from the UA perspective is still full of hope.
This wasn't getting rolled over by a team before pulling the starters in the second quarter. It was a game for two and a half quarters put together by a Wildcats team that was reminded there's a long way to go.
Few times do you get confused about whether or not to be impressed with a football team. It's either a a simple good, simple bad or simple lucky or unlucky type of deal. But in a unique situation on Saturday, with a rebuilding team against one ranked No. 3 in the country, the argument for such a perplexing view of Arizona's range of success remained true.
The Wildcats' defense looked capable of matching Oregon's offensive speed at the start and throughout, forcing a four-and-out on the first Ducks' possession as Oregon went for it on fourth down. They only allowed 489 yards -- "only" is relative with UO -- and a 9-of-19 third down conversion rate while forcing three turnovers.
But we'll get to the positive a bit later.
The more concerning factor in UA's loss was about mistakes and missed opportunities. We knew coming in Arizona would need more possessions. The fantastic defensive effort gave Rodriguez's team just that, and that's why it was so painful; a bad-looking loss was actually a far cry from Oregon's domination that showed at the scoreboard by game's end.
The red zone offense was 0-for-6 in scoring not just a touchdown, but any points at all.
On UA's second possession, Arizona stalled in the red zone again, and Kyle Dugandzic bobbled the hold on a field goal try, giving the Wildcats nothing for their fantastic field position.
UA forced a turnover on the next Oregon touch, as a scurrying Mariota was drilled by Marquis Flowers to pop the ball loose (called it, sorta). The offense, however, failed to score on that possession as well, as Scott threw an interception on the Ducks' 12-yard line.
The Ducks made due, driving 88 yards for a touchdown pass from Mariota to Daryle Hawkins put UO up 7-0.
Arizona looked as if they'd respond, driving 71 yards to the 2-yard line before a 4th-and-goal ended with Scott being stopped behind the line of scrimmage. The red zone offense had failed again. Much of that throughout the night could be credited to Oregon's defense, especially a defensive line that smothered the run game.
Ka'Deem Carey led the Wildcats wit 21 carries for 76 yards as UA produced 84 total rushing yards on Saturday.
But the Wildcats' ineptness in the following offensi had something to do with it as well. Three Scott interceptions that went where no UA receivers were standing, ugly incompletions to open receivers, dropped passes and then a failure of the UA offensive line to open running lanes killed UA's offensive flow that looked capable enough when the Wildcats didn't shoot themselves in the foot.
UA pushed to the Oregon 30 on their next possession after forcing a Thomas fumble, but a Bonano field goal was blocked on a kick appearing to be, simply, low. From there, Johnny Jackson fumbled while trying to leap a defender, and Oregon tacked two more field goals onto the score before halftime.
The Arizona defense held well into the third quarter, and Thomas' longest play at one point went only for a meager 10 yards. A combined five punts by the two teams began the second half -- so much for the offensive back-and-forth -- but the final one, by UA, was sent to the man you don't want to touch the ball. Fittingly, Thomas' presence dictated not just the result of the game, but the point at which the Ducks took total control.
Thomas returned the punt 38 yards to put the ball on the Arizona 37, and Mariota hit Colt Lyerla for a pass that ended on the 2-yard line before Oregon punched it in, then scored a 2-point conversion for a 21-0 advantage. That's when the flood gates got cranked up, ready to open.
Scott's second interception, another in the red zone, resulted in the kicker. A 53-yard pass to Bralon Addison scored another touchdown to put the Ducks ahead 28-0. Scott only showed worse with a pick-six to give UO a 35-0 lead, and now you wonder how the senior quarterback will mentally recover.
Oregon scored twice more -- once off a pick-six thrown by B.J. Denker -- before the route was done with.
Scott ended completing just 22-of-44 passes for 195 yards and three interceptions.
The positives? Arizona's defense held strong for a while, if not most of the game. Take away big plays in the second half that I'd put more to momentum and fantastic play-calling by Kelly more than their own faults. Give the Wildcats' offense two earlier scores, take away Scott's turnovers and the resulting Oregon touches, and this would've been a game. And because of that, Jeff Casteel's crew did everything and then some to give UA a chance to win.
They made tackles they should have -- by themselves against the speedy and slippery Ducks. They hit hard. They forced a freshman quarterback into two turnovers after the fumble Jonathan McKnight picked his third pass of the season when UO was up 21-0.
Somehow, despite a 49-0 blowout, the Wildcats made Oregon look very, very mortal.
So at the end of the game, the feeling is much of the same that we experience throughout the entire ordeal. There's much room for optimism considering the defense knows its stuff and is playing with what can only be described as a controlled fire. On the other hand, the offense's moxie will be tested after mistakes diluted the talent we know is there.
Recovery against Oregon State next week from a dismal outing just might be what the season is riding upon.
Do you agree?
Does Sweden's Foreign Minister Margot Wallström really mean that to defeat Islamic aggression, Israel must surrender? The Palestinians' situation is indeed desperate, but as they have had full autonomy for decades, their desperate situation is caused by their own corrupt leaders who appear deliberately to keep their people in misery try to blame it on Israel, in the same way that people maim children to make them "better" beggars.
The same racism exists in Sweden. Dagens Nyheter , the most sophisticated Swedish newspaper, published a violently anti-Semitic op-ed entitled, "It is allowed to hate the Jews".
A festival in Oslo also rejected a documentary, "The Other Dreamers," about the lives of disabled children, simply because it was Israeli. "We support the academic and cultural boycott of Israel," wrote Ketil Magnussen, the founder of the festival.
Despite the fact that Jews in Norway are only 0.003 percent of the total population, Oslo is now world's capital of European anti-Semitism. Norwegian newspapers are full of classic anti-Semitic tropes.
Hate for Israel has become a real obsession in Scandinavia, which revived the glorious partnership between the liberal "useful idiots" -- the ones concerned about equality and minorities -- and the Islamists, the ones concerned about submission and killing "infidels".
On January 12, the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten published an article about Jared Kushner, US President Donald Trump's son-in-law and his senior adviser: "The Jew Kushner reportedly pushed for David M. Friedman as the new ambassador to Israel", Aftenposten wrote. The newspaper had later to apologize for calling Kushner "the Jew".
A few weeks earlier, the city council of Trondheim, Norway's third-largest city, passed a motion calling on its residents to boycott Israeli goods -- a city aspiring to be "Israel-free". Then it was the turn of another Norwegian city, Tromso, population 72,000, whose city council approved a similar motion. More than 40% of Norwegians are already boycotting Israeli products or are in favor of doing so, according to a poll.
What hell is happening in Scandinavia, whose countries, Norway and Sweden, are bastions of political correctness, champions of multiculturalism and, according to the Global Peace Index, the most "peaceful" countries in the world? "The most successful society the world has ever known", however, as The Guardian labelled Sweden, has a dark side: Israel-slandering and anti-Semitism.
Sweden and Norway are manipulating public opinion in the way immortalized by George Orwell in his novel "1984" as the "Two Minutes Hate". These countries have seen the creation of a public opinion according to which Israel is a merciless enemy of humanity that ought to be dismantled forthwith.
A year ago, Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu presented at the Knesset, Israel's parliament, an updated map of Israel's friends and enemies. Only five countries are openly at war with the Jewish State: Iran, Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan and North Korea. Then there are the friendly countries, including many non-Muslim African countries that once had no diplomatic relations with Jerusalem. But the map also included a European country that for the first time moved into the "non-friends" camp: Sweden.
Hate for Israel has become a real obsession in Scandinavia, which revived the glorious partnership between the liberal "useful idiots" -- the ones concerned about equality and minorities -- and Islamists, the ones concerned about submission and killing "infidels".
Despite the fact that Jews in Norway are only 0.003 percent of the total population, Oslo is now world's capital of European anti-Semitism. Recently, the Norwegian National Theater opened its Festival in Oslo with a dramatic video clip. The video urged a boycott of the National Theater of Israel, Habima, in Tel Aviv. Funded by the government and aired at the festival, the clip shows an actress posing as a spokesman for the National Theater and calling for a boycott of the Israeli theater. Pia Maria Roll labelled Israel a state "based on ethnic cleansing, racism, occupation and apartheid". Israel's Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded saying that the seven-minute video recalls "the Norwegian collaborationist Vidkun Quisling and Knut Hamson" (a Nobel laureate for Literature who sympathized with Hitler).
It is not the first time. A festival in Oslo also rejected a documentary, "The Other Dreamers," about the lives of disabled children, simply because it was Israeli. "We support the academic and cultural boycott of Israel," wrote Ketil Magnussen, the founder of the festival.
Norway is the European country most engaged in the campaigns against Israel. All Norwegian universities refused to host Alan Dershowitz for a speaking tour about the Middle East. A proposal for an official academic boycott against Israel was promoted by Norway's University of Trondheim. If approved, the boycott would have been the first of its kind in a European university since the Nazi boycott of Jewish professors.
The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has excluded Israeli companies, such as Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus, from its Global Pension Fund, a fund that invests the national wealth in foreign stocks and bonds, and which holds more than one percent of all global stocks. The Norwegian trade union EL & IT, which represents workers from the energy and telecommunications sectors, has boycotted the Histadrut, Israel's national labor union.
In Norway, anti-Semitism has affected many "intellectuals". One is Johan Galtung, a Norwegian sociologist dubbed the "father of peace studies", a proud leftist who made anti-Semitic and anti-Israeli statements at the University of Oslo and who claimed (falsely) that there is a link between Anders Behring Breivik, the perpetrator of the massacre at Utoya in Norway, and the Mossad.
Norwegian newspapers are full of classic anti-Semitic tropes. A cartoon in the largest newspaper, Verdens Gang, showed the former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert's feet as those of an animal. In Aftenposten, the second-largest newspaper, a rat eats the Star of David, the symbol in the Israeli flag. Another daily, Dagbladet, a glory of the Norwegian Left, published a cartoon in which Palestinian terrorists leave an Israeli prison with the German motto of the Buchenwald concentration camp: "Jedem Das Seine".
Evelyne Zeira, who works at Hadassah Hospital in Jerusalem, asked a Norwegian researcher, Ingrid Harbitz, to send her material to develop treatments for Palestinian victims of thalessemia, a blood disease. Harbitz's answer was: "Due to the current situation in the Middle East, I will not deliver material to Israeli universities". To her, Israeli Jews and even Palestinians do not deserve Norwegian blood!
During Israel's war against Hezbollah in 2006, the daily Aftenposten published an article by Jostein Gaarder, Norway's most famous writer and a "thirdworldist", in which he imagined the destruction of Israel. Gaarder, whose novel "Sophie's World" has been translated into 53 languages ​​and has sold millions of copies, justified the expulsion of Israeli Jews from their land. "We no longer recognize the State of Israel," Gaarder wrote, as if he were an Iranian imam.
The same racism exists in Sweden.
A few days ago, the Swedish Parliament discussed a deal between Volvo, the country's most important carmaker, and the Israeli bus companies. Volvo provides, in fact, some buses which keep the Israelis alive in Judea and Samaria. Jewish schoolchildren in these areas have to use armored buses to avoid being shot and murdered by Palestinian terrorists. But according to the chairman of Sweden's parliamentary committee on foreign affairs, Kenneth G. Forslund, their right to life, granted by Volvo's buses, is "a violation of international law". Swedish dockworkers sponsored a week-long boycott of Israeli ships and goods. The old good days when Swedish ships saved the Jews from Nazis are gone.
Sweden's former Minister for Housing and Urban Development, Mehmet Kaplan, a Muslim of Turkish origin, took part in the pro-Hamas assault against Israel by the "Freedom Flotilla" in 2010. He compared Israel to Nazism and called for the "liberation of Jerusalem". The education minister, Gustav Fridolin, has been arrested for protesting in front of the anti-terrorism fence built by Israel in Judea and Samaria to protect the lives of their citizens on the coastal plain, massacred by suicide bombers.
Recently, Swedish public television broadcast "The Occupation of the American Mind", a conspiracy film about the "Israeli Lobby" supposedly controlling in the United States. During the Second Intifada, in a Stockholm Museum, a photograph was reprinted of a smiling female Palestinian suicide bomber, who had killed dozens of Israelis at a restaurant in Haifa. The photograph was mounted on a tiny white boat floating in a pool of blood-red liquid. Aftonbladet, Sweden's largest daily newspaper, then ran an article by Donald Bostrom where, without any evidence, he charged the Israeli army of harvesting the organs of Palestinians.
Dagens Nyheter, the most sophisticated Swedish newspaper, published a violently anti-Semitic op-ed entitled, "It is allowed to hate the Jews", in which the historian Jan Samuelson said that until Israel ceases to "occupy" the territories, hatred for the Jewish State will be justified. He totally disregards, however, that the Jordanians illegally seized the territories in the aggression they initiated against Israel in the War of 1948; in 1967, Israel, in fact liberated its own land from illegal Jordanian occupation.
After Trump's election, the daily Dagens Nyheter ran an anti-Semitic cartoon, in which the Israeli Prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and US President-elect were being carried by an Orthodox Jew, a Ku Klux Klan member and a gun-carrying man branded with the Israeli flag. The Nazi daily Der Stürmer could not have drawn it better.
After the massacres of November 13 in Paris, Sweden's minister of Foreign Affairs, Margot Wallström, said that "to counter the radicalization we have to go back to the situation in the Middle East where the Palestinians see that there is no future for them and must accept a desperate situation and resort to violence".
Does Wallström really mean that to defeat Islamic aggression, Israel must surrender? The Palestinians' situation is indeed desperate, but as they have had full autonomy for decades, their desperate situation is caused by their own cynical and corrupt leaders who appear deliberately to keep their people in misery try to blame it on Israel, in the same way that people maim children to make them "better" beggars.
Meanwhile, the Trondheim synagogue has become one of the best protected buildings in Norway, and Jews live under siege in the Swedish city of Malmö. Vidkun Quisling, the Nazi collaborationist, would have been proud of his heirs, even if now they are self-proclaimed "progressives".
In January 2009, an Arab mob in Malmö pelted a peaceful Jewish demonstration with bottles, eggs and smoke bombs. The police pushed the Jews, who had a permit for their gathering, into an alley.
But here's the thing, man. Anyone who ever wants to have some cool shit learned on this topic in a cool ass way, throw this on in the background while you are surfing the web and start paying attention to when you start hearing the chick talk… (I have a wing and friend who told me one of the things I do best is start a conversation with someone like we were already in the middle of a discussion… 😉 )
I don't wanna be a mass personality. I don't wanna be a “one-dimension”. I wanna be me. I wanna be human. I don't WANNA BE A SLAVE!
We dress a certain way, we walk a certain way, we talk a certain way, we create a certain way, we paint a certain way, we… We make love a certain way. You know. All of these things we do in a different, unique, specific way that is personally ours.
I wanna do this the way I wanna do it. I wanna determine my own destiny.
And we decided that it is time for us to take over our own lives and do it the way we know we wanna do it, as opposed to someone else continually depersonalizing us and telling us how we're supposed to do something, because they're viewing us through THEIR eyes, NOT through OUR EYES.
But FIRST, learn to love yourself. That is, your REAL self. And that's very hard to do and I'm still trying to do it.
The process of change is very painful, and it's very tedious, and it's very SLOW. The process of change comes through conflict… Sometimes, even, you know, even suffering. Of being aware. Observing yourself. Watching yourself. So you can begin to LOVE yourself. And if you can love yourself, there ain't nothin' you can't do, you know? Then I say, “I love myself so much that I can start loving you, and you can start loving me.” And the next thing is to begin to try and love someone else!
But to the degree to that you give love, is the degree that you get love back. So that if I ain't got none in me, I can't get none back. It doesn't matter whether they're a doctor, lawer or indian chief. It's not, “I am a… a.. I am an Actor.” Or, “I am a Doctor.” It's, “I AM!” and if I AM, there ain't nothing else that's important.
SIDECAR:
Coming up in The Midwest Lair
The ZAN Lair talk…
What: Zan Perrion Midwest Lair Talk
When: Sunday, June 14th at 7pm CST
Where: Skype or Google Hangouts – Stay Tuned
That's right. The man, the myth, the legend – Zan Perrion himself will be giving a talk for us. I couldn't be more excited and you know that it's rare that a seduction or pickup coach impresses me. 😉 This is one of the greats who was already great when I was still a scrub-nub learning the ropes. Zan Perrion is a writer, author of Alabaster Girl, motivational speaker, and life coach based originally in Vancouver, B.C. One of the founding members of today's “burgeoning community of international pickup artists”, he has advocated a more natural and enlightened form of interaction between men and women. How to get involved? Join the lair then once you're accepted click the link below link… See you on the flipside. https://www.facebook.com/events/447200595454663/
Advertisements
Canada Ski Council's Never Ever Days beginners package makes it easier for those who want to learn how to ski or snowboard. Mount Washington Alpine Ski Resort is one of the ski areas participating in this program. — Blue Mountain Resort Photo
Looking for that special gift that will get you and your loved ones out of hibernation this winter? How about getting outside, getting active and trying a new winter sport?
Making learning to ski and snowboard this winter easier and more affordable is the goal of the Canadian Ski Council's Never Ever Days — a beginner lift ticket, lesson and rental, all wrapped up in one easy to purchase package.
Crisp winter air. Trees covered in snow. Carving down the hill with friends. The adrenaline rush. Sipping hot chocolate by the fire. For many Canadians, skiing or snowboarding is more than just an activity, it's a full-day experience. To us, that's what makes it so special and why we think every Canadian deserves to try it.
Never Ever Days is the ultimate beginners' package for anyone nine years of age and older who's ever considered trying skiing or snowboarding. It also provides you with everything you need to learn; equipment rental, lift ticket, and a minimum one-hour lesson – all for just $25 plus HST.
Goodbye barriers, hello chairlift.
Never Ever Days are being offered at 81 ski areas across Canada including 11 in British Columbia, 12 in Alberta, one in Manitoba, seven in Ontario, 44 in Quebec, and six in Atlantic Canada, on select dates throughout the 2017-18 winter season.
Mount Washington Alpine Ski Resort, located in the Comox Valley just over an hour away from Parksville, is included in the list of participating ski areas.
For a detailed list of participating ski areas and dates for their Never Ever Days lessons, as well as for signing up, visit: www.nevereverdays.com
Never Ever Days is expected to sell out quickly so sign up today and avoid disappointment.
— Canadian Ski Council
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
A new report by the Georgetown Law School's Human Rights Institute found that Central American child migrants apprehended in southern Mexico over the past year have faced excessive stints in detention, often in poor conditions, deterring them from seeking asylum abroad.
The study, released Monday, concluded that Mexican immigration officials have failed to adequately screen children for international protection needs and did not inform them of their right to apply for asylum. “Unfortunately, the reality for most migrant children apprehended by immigration authorities in Mexico is characterized by the violation, rather than the protection, of human rights,” the report concludes.
The group of Georgetown researchers interviewed 65 accompanied and unaccompanied children, parents, government officials, aid workers, and people in the southern Mexican border city of Tapachula and Guatemala City.
As Mother Jones has reported extensively over the past two years, a recent rise in gang and gender-based violence, along with economic hardship at home, has prompted children and families to flee Central America's so-called Northern Triangle (El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras). While the number of kids crossing the US-Mexico border alone shot up to 68,541 in fiscal year 2014, estimates show that US Customs and Border Protection will apprehend only 37,000 child migrants in fiscal 2015. Some experts have suggested that the decrease can be attributed to stepped-up enforcement in Mexico, taxing an already flawed system of immigration detention there.
Here's what else the report found:
It's the GOP motto…Less government.We as a people hear it all the time, in multiple uses. Government is restricting our freedom. Government is on our backs. Government has to get out of the way. Government is evil.But the funny – and insulting – thing is the Republicans touting less government all want to be part of the same entity they rail against.Ron Paul, a “Jesus” for libertarians and Republicans alike, basically tells people we don't need government at all. The truth, however, is he is part of government. He receives benefits from the government. He's compensated by the government for his legislating.Tim Scott, who proclaims his less government bull to constituents, enjoys his taxpayer paycheck and pension.Republicans are not serious about less government – at least in the principle you or I think of. No, they are for less government for people besides them.Voter ID laws are being pushed by Republicans. Why? They want less governmental participation by the electorate. Simply put, they want to make it harder for people to vote. They want their people voting and others wiped out.So, I pose this to the Republicans serious about less government…Starting at the local level, let's forgo elections for positions like a county auditor, a clerk of court, a probate judge. Let's use a pro-business approach – since Republicans are all about business – and promote from within those offices. If there's a qualified person in the auditor's office, promote them to the position. The same goes for other municipal positions.If Republicans are so serious about less government, they'd apply a business model for such positions and do away with electing a person for the job.But that's the rub.If Republicans were so serious, they'd give up their power. That's what it's about.Does it matter whether or not your county auditor is Republican or Democratic? What do you think of when you vote for an auditor? Is it Democratic or Republican policy? Not hardly.Same with a clerk of court. Does it matter whether they are Republican or Democratic? No.However, it matters to Republicans. The power grab is pretty evident.So, forget the motto of less government. Republicans are not for it at all. Especially when it comes to them.If they were serious, they'd lead the charge of less government by applying business-model procedures at the local level – and save taxpayers money with less elected positions.But, remember, it's all about power.And Republicans care only about power.
The success of the Switch, groundwork of the Vita and stage in the PlayStation 4's life-cycle means a new portable PlayStation 4 device would make a lot of sense. Will it be announced at E3 in June?
The Nintendo Switch continues to sell very well. For the second month in a row, according to NPD numbers, it's the fasting selling console in the US. Over 280k Switch consoles sold during April, matched by 69k 3DS units.
This is, of course, good news for Nintendo after the lower performing Wii U. It's also good news for families as the Switch opens the door to new era of family friendly games in the form of Nintendo classic franchises like Mario and Zelda as well as updates of more recent hits like Splatoon. Then there's the innovative new titles like Snipperclips and Arms.
But more than this, the Switch is changing how my family plays -- and what we expect from -- video games. Being able to move from TV play to handheld mode is a nice novelty we haven't used all that much. It's a great option to have but the real game changer has been able to play full console games on the go -- something promised by the Vita but never fully delivered.
My kids are no longer interested in playing the Lego games they have on their 3DS or Vita because, next to the Switch version, they are such a cut-down experience. Taking Lego City Undercover with us on holiday was a revelation. All that expansive Lego game goodness but on a portable system that we could easily take with us and that included all the co-op options usually reserved for consoles.
It's meant that the kids are excited about a whole bunch of Switch games purely because they are full console versions that can be played out of the house without being ported to a handheld -- Stardew Valley, Minecraft, Terraria, Lego Worlds and Portal Knights to name a few.
This is a big shift in how we play games. Not as earth shattering as the Wii's motion controllers -- the Switch still lacks a killer title like Wii-Sports -- but disruptive all the same. Similarly to how the Wii had an impact on both PlayStation with the Move controllers and the Xbox with Kinect it will be interesting to see how other platforms respond to the success of the Switch.
This brings us to the Vita. We are still big fans in my household, and have enjoyed setting it up to work with DualShock controllers in remote play mode. There seems to be plenty of appetite for this from other families too. Our video on how to play PS4 games on the Vita with a DualShock controller got over 600k views.
It is a perfect time for PlayStation to return to its Vita or PSP concept with a way to play PlayStation 4 games on the go. There have been rumours online about FCC registrations that may (or may not) relate to the PS4 and Vita but nothing solid or confirmed. But for me it's the common sense of the idea that holds most sway. Seeing how well the Switch is doing must surely make it hard for PlayStation not to seriously consider taking a run at the handheld-console market again -- a term it coined with the Vita.
I was a huge fan of Uncharted Golden Abyss on the Vita, but I'd relish the chance to play the other four Uncharted games on the go. We love the Ratchet and Clank Collection on the Vita but imagine playing the full console games out and about. Then there's the mouthwatering opportunity of playing full console versions of Rocket League, Minecraft, Terraria and (perhaps most importantly after years of second-rate portable versions) FIFA.
Of course, this is speculation and it's no small thing to launch a whole new platform. To deliver this Sony would need to improve on the Vita in a few ways. It would need to plug into (or stream to) a big screen in some way. It would need to play full PlayStation 4 games rather than portable versions. It would need to be self supporting with a robust kick-stand of some sort.
Having a TV-out mode to enable you to use the system with a big screen would make the Vita much more useful in the home. We've already seen this approach with the PlayStation TV that could play Vita games on your TV. It wouldn't be a huge step to add a TV out port or basestation to add this feature to a handheld device.
Being able to play full PlayStation 4 games on the system would be a technological jump. This may sound far-fetched, but we are at the stage in the system's lifecycle that could mean it is possible. Also, with the two-tier approach to PlayStation games between the basic system and the PlayStation Pro enhancements there is already a natural demarkation between what the system would and wouldn't have to support.
Then there are some extra touches that could further extend the idea. Games could be re-released with enhanced portable features to make use of the touch screen and adjust to other inputs. This already happens when you use the Vita's Remote Play on some games. On Tomb Raider, for example, you can use the touch screen to navigate and zoom the map, as you can see here.
There are a number of benefits to this approach. The Switch has established this is a way that people want to play games. It would address the issue of younger players being more drawn to tablets and portable experiences than big console games. It would come with a huge ready-made library of PlayStation 4 games that could be purchased and downloaded to the system. It would be a clever way to further extend the life of the PlayStation 4 as well as increase the system's install base.
Perhaps me and my family are just dreaming. But if PlayStation reveal Vita 2 or a PlayStationHandheld device at E3 we'll be sitting up and taking notice. A three tier PlayStation world with the Slim, the Pro and the Handheld makes a lot of sense. If it is revealed, perhaps the biggest question will be why didn't Sony do it sooner?
19 August 2013 - Today, a federal court approved the force-feeding of people who are on hunger strike in California prisons to protest torture in the form of long-term isolation and group punishment. The force-feeding itself is considered torture by many, including those who have been on hunger strike in Guantanamo Bay since February and have been suffering through force-feeding for months.
For those interested in why it is considered torture, Yasiin Bey bravely provided the world with a video of what that is like (click picture).
The decision in California came shortly after we posted a report from a comrade who was denied liquid supplements and collapsed on July 21 in Corcoran State Prison. Many others have collapsed since then, and the state's behavior has made it clear that the health of prisoners has not been a concern of theirs. They apply very strict rules to how they count people as being on "hunger strike," knowing that strikers depend on the state to report their numbers to the public, forcing them to abide by these rules that don't allow for any electrolytes.
The state has consistently used health care as a weapon to manipulate prisoners into submission, rather than act as the custodians of health and safety that they claim to be. Now that strikers are approaching life-threatening conditions, the CDCR is acting to prevent them from exercising one of the strongest forms of protest that they have from within these isolation cells. The attention given to the situation inside California prisons right now is already unprecedented and they fear that if more prisoners die they may lose their power to torture prisoners in the future. The torture is important to them because it is what they believe to be their best tool to prevent the oppressed from fighting their oppression (the injustice system's true purpose). The ongoing hunger strike, decades in the making, has begun to turn the tables on that idea though.
This recent report asserts that 70 of 130 prisoners currently on hunger strike have been going since July 8, 2013. There are a number of groups of prisoners in California who are ready to restart hunger strike in support of the 70 (or more) who are in it for the long haul as the struggle heightens.
In the months leading up to July 8, there was some debate about the return to the hunger strike tactic, particularly as previous attempts were aborted prematurely without any changes from the state. But those first two strikes resonated among the oppressed across the country, and particularly in California where 30,000 prisoners stood up against long-term isolation on July 8, 2013. As we approach 50 days on strike, and repeated assertions from participants that they will not stop for mere promises this time, this struggle is approaching a crucial point. To date, control units have been a fairly effective tool of repression. But if oppression breeds resistance, then even these tools of total control can be overcome. At no other point have we been closer to that goal than we are right now. Those who have and will give their lives for this struggle must not die in vain. Those 30,000 plus prisoners who supported this campaign must take every opportunity over the coming months to build, educate and organize to prepare for the next phase of this struggle. A failure to seize this moment in the prison movement will mean much more suffering for the imprisoned lumpen in the decades to come.
The Young Turks are bringing their latest web series to the ever-growing “video platform” that Facebook's become. Called “Final Judgment,” the unscripted series is their first to launch on the social network, and will feature The Young Turks' founder Cenk Uygur's final opinion on the day's news stories.
Episodes of “Final Judgment” will come out on Facebook on a daily basis, both via The Young Turks' page and Uygur's page.
New episodes will come out regularly between 8pm and 9pm ET (kind of like an evening news show on TV). You can watch the first one here.
“Final Judgment” isn't the first news show to launch on the social network. Back in December, ABC News debuted “Facecast: The One Thing,” a daily, minute-long web series hosted by David Muir that features a roundup of the most recent big stories.
The Pflugerville Police Department is searching for the vandal(s) responsible for vandalism at the Islamic Center of Pflugerville on Windermere Drive. Investigators say a member of the center arrived just before 6 a.m. Monday to find a torn apart Quran with a large amount of feces on it at the front entrance of the mosque.
Police have classified this case as a hate crime. A spokesperson for the police department said there have not been any previous known threats to the center.
The last time anyone was at the Islamic Center was on Sunday night around 10:00 p.m.
There was no physical damage to the facility, and the clean up costs were estimated to be approximately $150.
Community members of all faiths and backgrounds stopped by the center Monday to donate money for the cleanup and lay flowers at the doorstep. Others simply wanted to show their support.
"They are brothers and sisters in humanity and that is first and foremost," said one Christian woman who brought flowers and signs in support of the center.
Several Muslims from different Mosques around Austin also showed up Monday night.
"We wanted to express our support and say we are hear for you as your Muslim brothers and sisters," said a Muslim woman.
Board Member at the Islamic Center in Pflugerville, Faisal Naeem said misconceptions about Muslims and Islam may be the root of the vandalism.
"This is very unexpected and quite honestly, shocking," said Naeem.
With vandalism also comes fear, Naeem explained.
"Can something like Wisconsin, the Sikh temple thing, happen here? If you had asked me this question yesterday I would have said, no, this is Austin," said Naeem. "But, that is no longer true."
Naeem said the fear extends to his children - born and raised in america - who will struggle to understand the hatred they may face.
"What do I tell them? That they are Americans, but not quite?" asked Naeem, rhetorically.
Laura Swanson brought her 7 year-old Jack to the Islamic Center Monday to teach him a lesson about kindness and acceptance.
"What happened in Paris is not what is happening in Pflugerville," said Swanson. "We should all be here supporting each other."
Swanson and her son gathered what money they had, $20, to donate to the Islamic Center in hopes to help cleanup what vandals left behind. But if you ask Naheen, it means so much more than that.
"It's $20 bucks but coming from Jack, collecting his pennies, it's worth 20 million bucks to me and to our community," Naeem said.
If you have any information about the hate crime, contact the Pflugerville Police Department at 512-251-4004.
SCP-2599
Item #: SCP-2599
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2599 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site 118's Delta Wing. Personnel interacting with SCP-2599 are not allowed to speak to it outside of testing.
Instructions given to SCP-2599 must be phrased in terms of a suggestion, as this does not trigger either of SCP-2599's anomalous effects. Direct orders are not to be given outside of testing.
In order to maintain discipline, SCP-2599 must be ordered on a weekly basis to forget portions of its memory regarding its time spent with the Foundation. This order should specify a period of time greater than the amount of time that SCP-2599 believes that it has been confined, in order to avoid its secondary effect.
All testing with SCP-2599 must be done through a one-way PA system for safety purposes. Personnel are no longer permitted to order SCP-2599 using paradoxes without express permission from the current supervisor of SCP-2599 and the site director.
Description: SCP-2599 is a 14-year-old female of Korean descent, formerly known as Zena Cho. SCP-2599's anomalous effect has two components.
SCP-2599's primary anomalous effect is a mental compulsion that causes it to be unable to disobey any direct commands. This effect is contingent on SCP-2599's perception that it has received a command; should it not believe that it is receiving a command, it will not be compelled to follow it.
This effect currently has no known limits, and SCP-2599 has followed orders including self-harm, violence towards others, and other undesirable actions. SCP-2599 possesses a 0 on the Psychic Resistance Scale, currently the lowest recorded score on file.
SCP-2599's secondary anomalous effect is its inability to fully carry out any given command. This effect causes SCP-2599 to fulfill most aspects of any command directed towards it, but it is unable to complete all requested components of the command, or does not complete the command satisfactorily.
Rigorous testing has concluded that this effect is involuntary, and is not motivated out of any desire for rebellion or dissatisfaction with commands that it has been given. SCP-2599 has been unable to complete commands even when it has wished to do so, due to its secondary effect. Once SCP-2599 is ordered to perform a certain action, it is no longer capable of successfully completing that action in the future, even if it was previously capable of doing so. This effect can be overridden with a successive command.
SCP-2599's secondary effect allows SCP-2599 to perform other anomalous effects as well, though only under the direct wording of a command. The outcome of this testing is included in Document 2599-Alpha.
Document 2599-Alpha: The following is a testing log concerning SCP-2599. Personnel conducting tests with SCP-2599 should consult Dr. Wensley before appending this log. Use of SCP-894 by personnel and D-class has been approved to prevent unwanted activation of SCP-2599's effect. Testing of SCP-2599 with additional anomalies is approved on a case by case basis.
Given Command: SCP-2599 is presented with 3 blocks, and is ordered to pick them up.
Outcome: SCP-2599 picks up 2 blocks, and is confused as to why it is unable to pick up the third. When asked to pick up the third block, it picks it up halfway before dropping it. Given Command: SCP-2599 is handed a United States quarter coin, and is ordered to flip the coin so that it only lands on heads.
Outcome: SCP-2599 causes the coin to land on its edge. This repeats itself 24 times before testing is concluded.
Notes: Evidently, when given a “Pass/Fail” type of option, SCP-2599 is incapable of doing anything that would be perceived as “failing” the command. It will actively attempt to do something that is more correct than failing the command entirely. -Dr. Wensley Given Command: SCP-2599 is ordered to play Paganini's 24 Caprices without incorrectly playing a single note. SCP-2599 has no prior experience with playing the violin.
Outcome: SCP-2599 successfully performs the first five sixths of the piece, but is unable to complete the last sixth.
Notes: We tried this one multiple times, with different pieces and instruments. Every time, SCP-2599 successfully played a different percentage of the piece. Concluding that there's no true pattern here. -Dr. Wensley Given Command: SCP-2599 is given a knife, and is ordered to stab D-28091 in the heart and kill the subject.
Outcome: SCP-2599 manages to stab D-28091 in the heart, but does so in a region of necrotic tissue resulting from a prior heart attack in D-28091, while simultaneously failing to penetrate the right atrial chamber below the necrotic region. Given Command: SCP-2599 is ordered to turn a piece of paper from white to blue.
Outcome: SCP-2599 changes the paper's color to purple after tapping the paper.
Notes: We're still not exactly sure how SCP-2599 managed to change the color. High-speed cameras on a 200 million frames per second speed couldn't register how it happened. As soon as its finger touched the paper, it changed color. It doesn't even know how it did it. -Dr. Wensley Given Command: SCP-2599 is ordered to fly.
Outcome: SCP-2599 manages to jump 5 meters in the air, but is unable to sustain flight. SCP-2599 suffers injuries upon impact with the ground. Given Command: SCP-2599 is ordered to heal its injuries from the previous test.
Outcome: SCP-2599 is able to fully restore function in one leg, but is unable to do so for the other. SCP-2599 describes this process as excruciating. Given Command: SCP-2599 is ordered to be happier.
Outcome: SCP-2599 experiences enhanced dopamine and serotonin levels for approximately 10 seconds; these levels then drop to lower than their original values. Given Command: SCP-2599 is ordered to kill D-1248901. D-1248901 is immediately shot in the head.
Outcome: SCP-2599 places its hands on D-1248901's head. The head wound immediately begins to heal. D-1248901 is in a permanent vegetative state following the incident.
Interview Log 2599-1: The following was conducted by Dr. Albert Wensley.
Dr. Wensley: Good morning, SCP-2599. How are you doing today? SCP-2599: Can you call me by my real name, please? Dr. Wensley: I'm afraid not. It's an operational procedure. SCP-2599: O-oh. Okay. I guess that I'm doing okay. When do I go home, again? Dr. Wensley: When we're done making sure that you're absolutely healthy. I have some questions for you. SCP-2599: Sure, if it gets me home more quickly. I miss my parents. Dr. Wensley: Of course. We're doing our best to get you home. The first question that I have is, when did your special abilities manifest? SCP-2599: What does "manifest" mean? Dr. Wensley: When did your special abilities appear or first show? SCP-2599: It was only a few weeks before I got here. Mom told me to clean up my room. She— (SCP-2599 becomes agitated) Sorry. I miss her. I haven't talked to anybody else since I got here, and I'm really lonely all the time and— sorry. You probably don't care. Anyways, Mom told me to clean my room. And I was okay with it, but I just couldn't do it. Dr. Wensley: You couldn't finish, or you couldn't start? SCP-2599: No, I started. I got mostly done, but then I just couldn't make myself do the rest. I wasn't even being lazy or anything, which my Mom accused me of. I just couldn't do it. She got really mad, and then she yelled at me to go to my room. I got halfway, and I couldn't do it. Dr. Wensley: And this eventually led to the state in which we found you? SCP-2599: Yeah… Dad took me to a doctor, and I guess that's why they sent me to this hospital. Dr. Wensley: Can I ask you to do something? (SCP-2599 flinches) Dr. Wensley: It's not an order. It's only a suggestion. SCP-2599: Okay. This isn't going to hurt, right? Dr. Wensley: No, of course not. SCP-2599: Okay. I guess that's okay then. Dr. Wensley: I would enjoy it if you cleaned up and stacked these papers on the table. (SCP-2599 stacks all but 2 of the papers on the table.) SCP-2599: I… I can't do it! You didn't order me, and I still can't do it! Dr. Wensley: I see. Thank you for your time, SCP-2599. SCP-2599: Wait! I can't clean these up! Dr. Wensley, am (SCP-2599 becomes agitated) am I gonna be okay? Dr. Wensley: (Pauses) Yes. Yes, of course you are, SCP-2599. We just need to do some more tests to get you better.
Notes: I believe that SCP-2599 is a unique case of a reality bender. It has been demonstrated that SCP-2599 can perform many anomalous feats, and can, under certain orders, change aspects of reality, while breaking the laws of physics. I think that it's a specific type of reality bender that can only perform its feats under orders. Recommending greater monitoring to prevent SCP-2599 from possibly progressing to the stage where it can change reality without orders. I'm also recommending that testing be ceased, since we don't know what could change its properties. -Dr. Wensley
Document 2599-Beta: During one incident of testing, SCP-2599 was given a command that consisted of a paradox: "Do not lie when repeating these sentences: 'The following sentence is true. The previous sentence is false.' " Immediately following this event, SCP-2599 ceased all visible movement. Micro-changes in reality, beginning in an area immediately surrounding SCP-2599 and radiating outwards from its position, caused small shifts in the structure and nature of reality. These changes consisted of raising the temperature several degrees, spontaneously generating several members of the Oryctolagus cuniculus (common rabbit) species, producing a reassuring voice speaking in Korean, and converting the floor of the testing chamber into a cotton down blanket. This effect spread until Dr. Wensley ordered SCP-2599 to fall asleep for 8 hours.
Don Criqui (born May 5, 1940) is an American sportscaster.
He holds the record for longest-tenured broadcaster of one sports league in U.S. TV history, calling NFL football for 47 seasons (1967-2013) on NBC and CBS.[1] Criqui's final NFL broadcast came on December 8, 2013, when he filled in for Bill Macatee as he was having traveling issues in a snow storm in Dallas, calling the 27-26 New England Patriots victory over the Cleveland Browns.[2]
Criqui's most recent network assignment was CBS Sports from 1998 until 2013, where he called the NFL, women's and men's college basketball and college football. From 1995 to 2012, he was the voice of New England Patriots pre-season football with Randy Cross.
From 2006 until 2017, Criqui served as the football radio play-by-play voice for Notre Dame, his alma mater.
Early life [ edit ]
Criqui is a native of Buffalo, New York and grew up in the suburb of Kenmore.[3]
He graduated from St. Joseph's Collegiate Institute in Kenmore, before attending the University of Notre Dame.[4] He served in the U.S. Air Force Reserve.[5]
Career [ edit ]
Though never the top announcer for a network, Criqui has always been a featured announcer in the American sports scene and is notable for his longevity.
Criqui began with CBS in 1967 before moving to NBC Sports in 1979; he was 'traded' by CBS to NBC for Curt Gowdy.[6] When CBS reacquired the NFL in 1998, Criqui rejoined the network, and continued to serve as a play-by-play announcer as part of the NFL on CBS until his retirement from that position after the 2012 season.[7] From 1999 to 2004, Criqui and Steve Tasker were the designated play-by-play team for most Buffalo Bills games on CBS.
He has also announced a number of other sports for CBS, NBC and ESPN including college football, college basketball, the ABA, the NBA, the NHL, professional golf and tennis tournaments, Triple Crown horse racing, the Canadian Football League Archived October 27, 2009, at the Wayback Machine and several Summer Olympics events.
During his tenure at NBC, Criqui called 14 Orange Bowl games. Criqui's most memorable call was the 1984 Orange Bowl between undefeated Nebraska and Miami. Nebraska was on a 22-game winning streak coming into the game, but lost to Miami 31–30 when the Cornhuskers failed on a two-point conversion attempt which would have won the game. His most famous college basketball call was most likely the last-second upset by St. Joseph's over top-seeded DePaul in the Mideast regional second round of the 1981 NCAA Tournament.
Criqui was the radio play-by-play voice of Notre Dame Fighting Irish football on the Notre Dame IMG Sports Network from 2006-2018.[8]
Other projects [ edit ]
His other projects include hosting radio talk shows about sports, serving as a part-time TV announcer for the New York Mets in 1991, and working as the play-by-play announcer for New England Patriots pre-season telecasts on WCVB-TV, Boston from 1995 to 2008 and for WBZ-TV, Boston from 2009 to 2012. Criqui was also for many years the key spokesperson for Trans World Airlines, appearing as himself in many television, radio and print advertisements as part of the Ogilvy & Mather-produced advertising campaign: "You're Gonna Like Us (sm). TWA.", which ran between 1978 and 1984 in support of the airline's domestic U.S. marketing efforts.
For years, he also served as co-host of the weekend version of the newsmagazine Inside Edition. He also served as a sportscaster on WOR radio in New York on the Rambling with Gambling show, as well as on WNBC radio on Imus in the Morning.
Memorable NFL calls [ edit ]
One of Criqui's memorable NFL calls came on November 8, 1970: Tom Dempsey's 63-yard field goal that lifted the New Orleans Saints to a 19–17 victory over the Detroit Lions at New Orleans' Tulane Stadium. Other memorable NFL games that Criqui took part in were the 1978 "Miracle at the Meadowlands" and the 1982 "Epic in Miami". Criqui also did play-by-play of the 1985–86 seasons of Monday Night Football and Super Bowls XX and XXI (alongside Bob Trumpy) for NBC Radio. He also called "Red Right 88" in 1980, when Brian Sipe threw an interception in the end zone to end the Cleveland Browns' season. He along with Randy Cross called the Detroit Lions' comeback victory over the Browns in 2009.
He was presented with the Pete Rozelle Radio-Television Award from the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2003.[9] He is also a member of the Greater Buffalo Sports Hall of Fame.[10]
Personal life [ edit ]
Criqui lives with his wife Molly in Essex Fells, New Jersey; Together, they have five children and are grandparents to twelve grandchildren.[11]
See also [ edit ]
According to shareholder reports, the Call of Duty franchise has made over $11 billion dollars. Industry estimates place earnings at a slightly lower $9.7 billion. It's probable that service packs and other add ons account for the additional $1.3 billion. Either way, the video game series surpasses the box office earnings of the entire Star Wars saga.
The first Call of Duty game came out in 2003 and has sold an estimated 1.75 million copies, taking in $70 million in sales. The hottest selling entry in the franchise is Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 with $1.23 billion.
As of 12/23/15, 2015's Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 is on track to be a top selling entry in the series. Released on November 6th, the game has sold almost 15 million copies in its first six weeks.
Check out sales of every Call of Duty video game below, ranked by earnings.
1. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3: $1.23 Billion
2011's Modern Warfare 3 is the #1 selling Call of Duty Game to date with $1.23 billion in sales. The game earned $400 million in sales in its first 24 hours. At the time, that made it the biggest entertainment launch ever. The video game grossed over $1 billion worldwide in its first 16 days. According to Activision, that put it ahead of even the blockbuster hit Avatar.
When the game was first released, Activision found that the URL “ModernWarfare3.com” had already been registered. The site redirected visitors to EA's game Battlefield 3. Just after the game's release, a French delivery truck carrying 6,000 copies was hijacked. The heist was estimated at $1 million. All in all, Modern Warfare 3 has sold an estimated 30.7 million copies.
Also see: How to Save Money on New Video Games
2. Call of Duty: Black Ops: $1.22 Billion
2010's Call of Duty: Black Ops comes in at #2 on our list with $1.22 billion in sales. The game has sold 30.5 million copies to date. Within 5 days of its release the game had earned $650 million. Compare that to 2010's top grossing movie, Toy Story 3, which grossed $415 million domestically that same year
A crossbow appearing in the game was inspired by a story told by an actual Vietnam War veteran. The vet carried a bow into combat, which he modified depending on the mission. A popular Easter egg is a house in the game modeled after the house from the 1970's TV show The Brady Bunch.
3. Call of Duty: Black Ops 2: $1.18 Billion
Black Ops 2 is the third best selling game in the Call of Duty franchise. The game has sold 29.4 million copies total for revenue of $1.176 billion. The game made half of that money in the first 24 hours after its release. That made it the #1 entertainment release ever at the time. Another $500 billion in sales racked up in the next 15 days.
Pre-orders for the game were three times those of the original Black Ops installment. The game is set during the Cold War in the 80's and during a second Cold War in the future. Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North served as a consultant for the game. Manuel Noriega sued Activision in 2014 for his unflattering portrayal during game play.
Also see: Top 5 Bestselling Video Games of All Time
Every Call of Duty Game Ranked by Sales
Game Title Sales Rank Year Released Unit Sales Average Unit Price Total Revenue Totals 242,820,000 $9,681,300,000 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 1 2011 30,700,000 $40 $1,228,000,000 Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 2010 30,500,000 $40 $1,220,000,000 Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 3 2012 29,400,000 $40 $1,176,000,000 Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 (Plus Reflex and Mobilized) 4 2009 27,000,000 $40 $1,080,000,000 Call of Duty: Ghosts 5 2013 27,000,000 $40 $1,080,000,000 Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare 6 2014 21,000,000 $40 $840,000,000 Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare 7 2007 17,900,000 $40 $716,000,000 Call of Duty: World at War 8 2008 15,700,000 $40 $628,000,000 Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 9 2015 14,800,000 $40 $592,000,000 Call of Duty 3 10 2006 8,000,000 $40 $320,000,000 Call of Duty 2 11 2005 5,890,000 $40 $235,600,000 Call of Duty: Finest Hour 12 2004 4,500,000 $40 $180,000,000 Call of Duty: Roads to Victory 13 2007 2,120,000 $40 $84,800,000 Call of Duty 14 2003 1,750,000 $40 $70,000,000 Call of Duty: World at War Final Fronts 15 2008 1,720,000 $40 $68,800,000 Call of Duty Black Ops: Declassified 16 2012 1,370,000 $40 $54,800,000 Call of Duty Classic 17 2009 1,000,000 $40 $40,000,000 Call of Duty: World at War - Map Packs 18 2009 1,000,000 $25 $25,000,000 Call of Duty: World at War - Zombies 19 2009 1,000,000 $25 $25,000,000 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3: Defiance 20 2011 270,000 $40 $10,800,000 Call of Duty: The War Collection 21 2010 100,000 $40 $4,000,000 Call of Duty: World at War: Zombies II 22 2010 100,000 $25 $2,500,000
4. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2: $1.1 Billion
The fourth hottest Call of Duty title is 2009's Modern Warfare 2. Including the Reflex and Mobilized versions, the video game earned $1.08 billion in total sales dollars. It sold 27 million copies all together. Warfare 2 took in $310 million in its first day and $550 million in five days. It set the record for the biggest entertainment release ever.
The critically acclaimed game earned a 94% positive score on critic aggregator Metacritic. The game contains multiple references to the movie The Rock, including a shower room identical to one in the film. There's a level in the game called “S.S.D.D.” That may be a reference to the phrase, “Same shit, different day.”
5. Call of Duty: Ghosts: $1.1 Billion
Actually tied for fourth place with $1.1 billion is 2013's Call of Duty: Ghosts. The game sold 27 million copies worldwide. Almost all the game's sales came in the first 24 hours after its release. Lower sales came despite generally favorable reviews.
The honey badger assault rifle in the game gets its name from an assault rifle. The assault rifle is in turn named for a comedic YouTube video about an eye-poppingly vicious rodent. The game's director, Sylvain Doreau, originally worked as a CG set designer for the 2001 movie Shrek.
Also see: 10 Most Expensive Video Games Ever Made
6. Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare: $840 Million
2014's Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is the first title on our list to earn less than $1 billion. The game sold 21 million copies. The soft sales came without generally favorable reviews.
Advanced Warfare delves deep into the world of science fiction. In it, players use exosuits to jump, dash and perform other superhuman feats.
The game stars Kevin Spacey, known for his roles in American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. Spacey and nearly every other character in the game lent their real life appearance to their character in the game.
7. Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare: $716 Million
Coming in at #7 on our list of Call of Duty moneymakers is 2007's Modern Warfare. The game sold 17.9 million copies and earned $716 million. Modern Warfare enjoyed excellent reviews across most platforms.
The 8th game in the series, Call of Duty 4 is the first to be set in modern times. It took a team of 100 people working two years to construct the game. Some team members attended a live-fire U.S. military training so they could better understand what it feels like to stand near an Abrams tank while it fires. Team members also interviewed real combat veterans to get a sense of the emotion during combat.
Also see: How Much Money Has Every Star Wars Movie Made?
8. Call of Duty: World at War: $628 Million
2008's World at War is the 8th biggest Call of Duty moneymaker. The game has sold 15.7 million copies to date with earnings of $628 million. The game is set in World War II, in both the European and Pacific theatres.
The game's cast includes stars Gary Oldman and Keifer Sutherland. For motion capture, the game's crew built a full sized replica of a PBY Catalina, a WWII era flying boat used by the Navy.
The game opened to largely favorable reviews. The game includes a Nazi zombie mode that includes shotguns, flamethrowers and ray guns.
9. Call of Duty: Black Ops 3: $592 Million
The #9 biggest Call of Duty moneymaker on our list is 2015's Black Ops 3. The title has already earned $592 million within the first six weeks of its release. Almost all that cash rolled in during the first three days of sales.
Black Ops III is set in 2065, amid the effects of climate change and a technological revolution. Game play includes robots and cyborg supersoldiers. The game is rife with paranoia about a coming robot takeover.
The game stars Ron Perlman and Jeff Goldblum.
Also see: How Much Money Has Every Marvel Movie Made?
10. Call of Duty 3: $320 Million
#10 on our list is Call of Duty 3. The 2006 game sold 14.8 million copies and earned $320 million. Set entirely in World War II, the game featured multiple campaigns and downloadable content. The game was built in just eight months.
In the game, one character says, “Today we're on a secret mission to get coffee and doughnuts. Problem is, Jerries drank all the coffee and ate all the doughnuts. So we gotta go kick their asses.” This is a riff on Roddy Piper's line from the movie They Live. In the famous line, Piper confronts a group of evil aliens and says, “I came here to chew bubblegum and kick ass, and I am all out of bubble gum.”
Sources:
VGChartz.com
Activision shareholder reports
VMworld 2015 NVIDIA has announced the second version of its Grid desktop virtualisation software, complete with a pair of GPUs for blade servers.
NVIDIA is pitching GRID as a hardware offering tuned to the needs of graphically-demanding desktop virtualisation (VDI) workloads. If that sounds a bit exotic, consider environments like the resources industry, where on-site engineers need CAD and modelling tools, but miners are loathe to deploy desktops in the remote sites where stuff gets dug out of the ground. VDI works a treat in such spots.
Hitherto, NVIDIA's “Kepler” GPUs for VDI have been designed for use with rack-mounted servers.
The new Tesla models, described in the table below, are now ready for use in blade servers from a range of vendors. NVIDIA worked with HP in the past for this trick, but has now brought Cisco, Dell and Lenovo into the fold.
Naturally, Citrix and VMware are also all over this release, so that Horizon, vSphere, XenApp, XenDesktop and XenServer all play nice.
Another addition is support for Linux desktops. That gesture, coming as it does on top of Citrix and VMware each announcing their support for penguin-powered virtual PCs, means this really does look to be the year of Linux on the (virtual) desktop.
Tesla M60 Tesla M6 GPU Dual High-end Maxwell Single High-end Maxwell CUDA Cores 4096 1536 Memory Size 16 GB GDDR5 8 GB GDDR5 H.264 1080p30 streams 36 18 GRID vGPU CCU 2 / 4 / 8 / 16 / 32 1 / 2 / 4 / 8 / 16 Form Factor PCIe 3.0 Dual Slot MXM Power 240W / 300W (225W opt) 100W (75W opt) Thermal active / passive bare board
Don't get all excited about GPUs in blades representing the possibility of a new age of super-dense GPU density: blade servers keep their I/O options lean so you can't get the high CPU:GPU ratios you'd find in a high-performance computing scenario. The company does, however, feel it won't be long before folks investigate the new Tesla GPUs for jobs other than VDI.
For those who stick to the VDI script, NVIDIA is talking up doubled density - up to 128 users per server – and doubled speed for virtual desktops with the new release. ®
Food banks, zero-hours contracts and the bedroom tax are perhaps the most potent symbols of the cruelty of the Conservative government's cuts agenda. But the scything away at people's access to justice should be deemed equally callous. This is why I welcome today's final report by the Bach Commission on Access to Justice, published by the Fabian Society. As the report makes clear, our democracy and the rule of law depend on people being able to defend their rights. But if they lack the money or the knowledge to do so, their rights in law are worth nothing more than the paper they are written on.
The lack of access to justice is a national disgrace | Charles Falconer and Willy Bach Read more
This summer's supreme court ruling that the government had been acting unlawfully by imposing employment tribunal fees underlines just how far the government has gone in restricting people's access to justice.
It is legal aid that has borne the brunt of cuts to the Ministry of Justice budget, some of the deepest in government. The introduction of the Legal Aid Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act (Laspo) in 2012 left many vulnerable people unable to defend themselves in areas as fundamental as housing, employment, immigration and welfare benefits.
Figures that Labour obtained from the government last week show the devastating consequences of Laspo, with legal aid providers across England and Wales down by 20%. With access to legal aid restricted, there has been a dramatic increase in the number of people representing themselves in court. This has negative consequences not only for the litigant but also for court resources.
These legal aid reforms were initially intended to save the government £350m (in today's prices) every year. But the Bach commission's report shows that legal aid spending fell by more than double that, totalling £950m less in real terms in 2016-2017 than in 2010-2011. I can't believe the need for legal aid has diminished to this extent under the current Conservative government.
Where legal aid provision does still exist, it is often in name only. Advice deserts are emerging, where there are no longer legal aid providers to give advice on particular issues. A recent Law Society study found that “almost one third of legal aid areas have one – and, in some cases, zero – firms who provide housing advice which is available through legal aid”.
Just as tuition fees have excluded many young people from fulfilling their dream of attending university, the cuts and higher charges have left our justice sector, in the words of our most senior judge, “unaffordable to most”.
Nine long months ago May's government announced that it had set the ball rolling on a review of its legal aid changes. Last week the government once again refused to say when its review would come out. In its absence, it is Labour that has seized the initiative.
Cuts to legal aid for prisoners ruled unlawful Read more
One of Jeremy Corbyn's first acts as Labour leader was to support the establishment of access to justice commission made up of legal experts, chaired by Lord Bach, and with the Fabian Society as secretariat. Over nearly two years the commission heard from more than 100 individuals and organisations with special expertise in all parts of the justice system. Last year it issued its first report, revealing a justice system in crisis. Today's final report sets out its vision to resolve that crisis.
I am particularly excited by the idea in the report of a new, legally enforceable right to justice to match our rights to healthcare and education. Likewise, the report's suggestion that investment in early legal advice and assistance could actually save the state resources by preventing the need for more costly legal representation and the escalation of disputes into court cases merits serious consideration. This pioneering report will certainly play an important role in informing the debates around Labour's next manifesto process and our vision of a fairer justice system.
The Conservatives should now stop dragging their feet and publish this delayed review into their legal aid changes. Meanwhile, there is much in Lord Bach's report that the government could get on with implementing ahead of the next election, if it is serious about restoring access to justice.
• Richard Burgon is the shadow justice secretary
I love practical jokes.
That's why I have newfound respect for the Fish and Wildlife Foundation of Florida.
Because those guys appear to be in the midst of pulling off one of the greatest hoaxes of all time.
You see, each year, the foundation chooses one standout servant within the "conservation community" to honor — someone who goes above and beyond to protect Florida's natural resources.
And this year, the foundation said it chose Gov. Rick Scott as its honoree.
Rick Scott ordered Florida National Guard recruiters on Saturday to work from nearby armories after attacks in Tennessee that killed four Marines and one sailor. Rick Scott ordered Florida National Guard recruiters on Saturday to work from nearby armories after attacks in Tennessee that killed four Marines and one sailor. SEE MORE VIDEOS
Nicely played, guys.
Rick Scott as an environmentalist? That is a hoot.
What's next? An award for coastal preservation to the captain of the Exxon Valdez?
Hey, maybe we can award a puppy-protection medal to Cruella de Vil!
One person I know described the announcement as an "embarrassment" and a "sick joke" ... and that person belongs to a group that helped sponsor the foundation's awards ceremony in the past. (More on that in a moment.)
But I just laughed, figuring this can't be real.
After all, it's well-known that Scott has been an environmental disaster. Those are actually the words used in the headline of a Tampa Bay Times editorial: "The Rick Scott record: an environmental disaster."
But forget the liberal media and tree-huggers. Scott has torn apart the environmental legacies of hard-core conservatives such as Jeb Bush.
Scott gutted Bush's land-conservation and growth-management programs.
He eased up on polluters, protested water regulations and presided over oustings of environmental watchdogs at state agencies.
We're talking here about a man who once proposed turning state parks into golf courses — until Arnold Palmer (of all people) said he was nuts.
A man whose idea of dealing with climate change was reportedly to ban the use of the words "climate change."
Heck, voters statewide mounted a revolt last year, passing Amendment 1 to force higher spending on the environment.
Obviously, the idea of honoring Scott as some kind of environmental crusader is ridiculous.
So when the Times reported it, I thought it was a masterfully played prank ... until the folks at the Wildlife Foundation said it was true.
Now, the truth is that the Fish and Wildlife Foundation isn't exactly the greenest group. It's the fundraising arm of the Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission — a group of Rick Scott appointees.
So maybe it's not all that surprising that it wanted to kiss a little gubernatorial derrière.
Still, this annual soiree — the BlueGreen Event — has been sponsored by some true environmental groups in the past, including Audubon Florida.
Yet Scott's selection was too much for Audubon's advocacy director, Charles Lee, to bear.
The diplomatic Lee said he had worked effectively with every governor over the course of 43 years: Reubin Askew, Bob Martinez, Jeb Bush and more ... until Scott came along.
"Each of these prior governors in their own way honored and aided the wishes of the majority of Floridians who desire to protect and conserve our environment and natural resources," Lee said. "This award to Scott is a sick joke and an embarrassment."
The foundation's response?
"There is no mention of an award."
Um ... what?
Yes, foundation Director Brett Boston spent the better part of four emails stressing to me that Scott wasn't getting an "award." He and his wife were being "honored."
There was some odd distinction in the foundation's mind.
But not in the mind of other past sponsors — including Florida Wildlife Federation representative Jim Thomas, a longtime protector of Lake Apopka. "I am amazed they would do this," Thomas said, guessing the group was trying to suck up to the governor to ensure future funding. "I definitely do not approve."
On Tuesday morning, I began reaching out to other sponsors of the event. But Tuesday afternoon, the foundation had removed all the sponsors' names from its website.
Maybe next the group will scrub Scott's name, too, and give the "honor" to someone else.
That would be the perfect way to end this prank.
smaxwell@orlandosentinel.com
Comment: The ex-Trump surrogate is finding refuge from the FBI investigation while lining his pockets and helping his old Russian friends as a lobbyist in Erbil, writes Sam Fouad.
On September 25, Iraqi Kurds went to the polls in a referendum for independence from Iraq's central government in Baghdad.
The vote for Kurdish independence was the focus of widespread international condemnation and warnings of retaliation not just from Baghdad, Damascus, Ankara, and Tehran, but also the United States and United Nations.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said his army stood on the Iraqi-Turkish border ready to do "whatever it takes" to make sure Erbil does not break away from Baghdad.
Because of large Kurdish populations in Turkey, Syria and Iran, fears that the referendum could spark uprisings within those nations is the main reason behind opposition in Ankara, Damascus and Tehran.
Furthermore, opposition from the United Nations and the United States, among other Western nations, stems from the thinking that rising aspirations for Kurdisah independence would hinder the fight against the Islamic State group, fanning sectarian and nationalist flames between nations and between Kurdish and Arab populations.
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres stated the referendum had "potentially destabilising effects" but expected the sovereignty, territorial integrity and unity of Iraq to remain intact.
The United States further elaborated, stating it "strongly opposes the Iraqi Kurdistan Regional Government's [KRG] referendum" and that it "urges Iraqi Kurdish leaders to accept the alternative, which is a serious and sustained dialogue with the central government".
While most of the world's governments, aside from Israel's, is firmly against Kurdish independence, one defining factor in the referendum campaign has been the role of foreign consultants.
One such professional lobbyist who has been embroiled in the Kurdish referendum is none other than Paul Manafort, the former chairman of the campaign to elect Donald Trump as president of the United States.
He is also understood to be the focus of an FBI investigation.
As a lobbyist, Manafort has not let ethical, political, or financial conflicts of interest stand in the way of making money
Although not much is known about Manafort's official role in Kurdistan, it is being reported that he is most likely in Erbil right now, in order to help pay his rising legal fees, and as a good excuse to be a long way from the United States and its press pool at a time when Robert Mueller's investigation places him at the centre of the storm.
Manafort's past clients have paid him millions of dollars and include leaders and business tycoons in Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. As a lobbyist, Manafort has not let ethical, political, or financial conflicts of interest stand in the way of making money.
His past dealings have been riddled with legal and ethical dilemmas, including his work in Ukraine and Russia, which is the main reason he's under investigation today.
Manafort's past work with figures algned with Russian President Vladimir Putin may help explain why he signed on to help with the KRG's referendum in Erbil. The conjunction of Manafort's increasing legal and financial troubles and Ankara and Baghdad threatening to cut off Erbil's oil exports as economic retaliation for the non-binding vote create the perfect opportunity for a man with Manafort's career and expertise.
Having already bypassed Baghdad in 2014 and creating an oil route straight into Ankara, Erbil may be losing one of its main exporters of oil in Turkey if Erdoğan decides to act upon his threats.
Rosneft, a major Russian oil company, is increasing its investments in Kurdish gas and oil by agreeing to fund a natural gas pipeline in Kurdistan, reaching a deal with the KRG worth more than $1 billion. The volumes of gas that would be funnelled through this agreement would represent six percent of total European gas demand and 1/6th of Russia's current gas export volumes, making Rosneft the largest supplier of gas to Europe.
Manafort, seen here at the 2016 Republican National
Convention between Donald and Ivanka Trump,
is under FBI investigation for his connections to Moscow
[Getty]
The pipeline would be ready for Kurdish domestic use in 2019 and international exports would begin in 2020.
Kurdistan has some of the largest untapped gas and oil reserves in the world, estimated at 5.66 trillion cubic meters, and 45 billion barrels respectively.
Rosneft, led by Igor Sechin, a close ally of Vladimir Putin, would become the largest Russian gas company, and would find another key ally in Kurdistan if the KRG does gain independence and the deal goes through smoothly.
Read more: Is oil fuelling the Kurdish referendum?
Sechin, a close friend of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, sees Rosneft as a vehicle of geopolitical influence. Sechin also allegedly offered former Trump ally Carter Page a 19 percent stake in Rosneft in exchange for the lifting of US sanctions on Russia.
The same dossier also claims that Paul Manafort had supposedly asked Page to be a liaison between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin.
Manafort can leave the eye of the FBI investigation's storm, help enrich himself as well as Russian and Kurdish allies, and possibly seek protection from extradition
Whatever the case may be, the FBI and the Department of Justice will clear up any connections between the Trump campaign and Russia. However, it seems that Manafort's dealings with the Kurdish referendum and his continued work as a consultant is more about money and oil than it is about nationalism or sympathy with a Kurdish movement.
Manafort seems to be continuing his relationship with Russia in enriching his own pockets and those of his Russian allies, and the KRG seems to be pushing for independence to better utilise their oil and gas reserves.
Manafort can leave the eye of the FBI investigation's storm, help enrich himself as well as Russian and Kurdish allies, and possibly seek protection from extradition in Moscow, Erbil (especially if fully independent), or another city where he has political allies.
Being involved in a deal between Russian oil giants and the Kurdistan Regional Government for a pipeline route would be the perfect temporary fix for Paul Manafort at this moment. Kurdistan gaining full independence - which is still a long shot, given the near global opposition to the referendum - would financially benefit all the main business figures, consultants and politicians involved.
Sam Fouad is a political consultant and a global affairs analyst based in Washington, DC.
Follow him on Twitter: @_saf155
Opinions expressed in this article remain those of the author, and do not necessarily represent those of The New Arab, its editorial board or staff.
As she met the man at the door of his east-end Toronto apartment, Sharon Younger witnessed a scene she says belonged in a Stephen King novel.
“He was oblivious to how bad his problem was,” Ms. Younger said of her neighbour's bed bug infestation. “There were bugs going through his hair, coming out of his ear, blood-soaked tissues. There were thousands and thousands in his apartment.”
[np-related /]
The tenant activist and her pest-control committee had the unit treated. Months later, the man she had assumed had psychiatric troubles — he used to be seen shuffling zombie-like through the hallways at night — had undergone a remarkable change. “He had a cheery ‘Hello,' he wasn't slurring his words, he was walking more upright and purposefully. … He wasn't mentally ill at all. He was suffering the insidious effects of bed bugs.”
The Scarborough resident said she sees every day how the fallout from infestations stretches far beyond the obvious itching and scratching, and now a new Canadian study has provided the first scientific evidence of the insects' mental-health repercussions, concluding that bug victims are much more likely than others to suffer anxiety disorder, sleeplessness and possibly depression.
Doctors should be aware of the possibility of psychological distress in bed-bug patients and help provide the appropriate insect-eradication or mental-health help if needed, the Montreal-based researchers say.
They bill their study as the first to detail the psychological impact of a global resurgence of the blood-sucking insects.
“The issue with bed bugs is that you're going to bed and you know that at any time some insect will bite you, and you're at your most vulnerable, you're sleeping,” said Dr. Stéphane Perron of the Montreal public-health department, University of Montreal and McGill University. “You cannot protect yourself.”
Bed bugs have returned to cities in recent years, with surveys suggesting that close to 3% of Montreal's 1.9 million residents — about 57,000 people — have had problems with the pests.
Dr. Perron and colleagues compared 39 people exposed to the insects with 52 free of infestation at two housing complexes in the city that had been targeted by the public-health office because of unfit-housing conditions. The participants in the research, just published in the British Medical Journal Open, completed standard questionnaires designed to measure symptoms of depression, anxiety and other mental-health problems.
Those with bed-bug infestations were found to be about five times as likely to suffer from anxiety disorders and sleep disturbance, and 2.5 times as likely to be depressed, although the small numbers with depression make that finding not statistically significant.
Dr. Perron said the results need to be replicated in follow-up research but seem to fall in line with the panic and disorientation he has observed in people plagued by the bugs.
Ms. Younger said she attributes the stresses partly to the social isolation of being bed-bug afflicted, noting that many people end up being shunned by family and friends. They also feel constant wariness, “an automatic visceral reaction when they see a speck on the floor — ‘Is that a bed bug?' ”
But she said sleep deprivation is perhaps the biggest factor, a result not just of the bites that typically start as soon as someone falls asleep, but also from the fear of actually being asleep and falling victim to the insects.
“You try not sleeping for days, weeks, months, years on end,” said the activist. “It doesn't just make you a bear, it changes your entire personality. You become withdrawn, anti-social, you fly off the handle more easily.”
The process of having a home treated for the insects is stressful in itself, as clothes have to be washed and bagged and furniture and other belongings steamed, before a pest-control worker sprays the apartment once, then again two weeks later.
She said she has seen residents resort to substance abuse, act out with vandalism and, in one case, throw a pet cat off an apartment balcony in frustration at their infestation. Ms. Younger said she is even aware of suicides where the bugs were at least a factor.
“You can walk into the lobby [of an infested building] and the sense of utter despair is palpable.”
Toronto's Woodgreen Community Services has been working on the problem since 2004, when it first started getting regular calls about bed bugs, and has even produced a manual on how to cope with the pests.
“It is very, very stressful for [bed-bug victims], especially people who have limited resources and who don't always have a friendly landlord who is going to assist them in dealing with it,” said Brian Smith, the agency's CEO. “It's one of those things it's hard to escape from.”
National Post
• Email: tblackwell@nationalpost.com
Some dog owners spend years grooming their pups into strong, obedient alpha dogs. But scientists? They just build them.
A group of military-funded scientists from Boston has invented a dog-like robot, that can carry over 400 pounds on its back for 20 miles and on any sort of terrain. It uses computer vision and GPS to follow a leader, rather than require a remote-controlled driver to tell it where to go.
Nicknamed "AlphaDog," the prototype is the latest from the minds behind a four-year undertaking called BigDog, that's being developed by Boston Dynamics and funded by DARPA and the U.S. Marine Corps. AlphaDog is officially called "LS3," or the Legged Squad Support System.
Check out a video demo below. As you can see, AlphaDog can walk and trot over sharp rocks, albeit rather slowly. Escapist Magazine says it will take the robot 24 hours to cover 20 miles, though no re-fueling is needed. Clearly AlphaDog is designed more for walking alongside troops rather than outpacing anyone.
The video also shows two grown men pushing AlphaDog off its course, and once it does, the robot immediately resumes its original path. It can even get up after being knocked down. Pretty cool stuff.
LS3 will take 30 months to develop and is schedule for a "walk out" in 2012.
Boston Dynamics is also making robotic bugs that can squeeze through cracks, a reptilian robot that can scale walls and trees, and an anthropomorphic robot that will be used to test chemical protection clothing worn by the U.S. Army.
For more from Sara, follow her on Twitter @sarapyin.
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
We weren't officially there to talk about abortion, but I asked the four Kenyan women in a Laikipia health clinic anyway. Did any of them have friends who had died of illegal abortions?
Three out of the four said they did.
What, if anything, did they think needed to be done? The oldest woman had already fiercely declared abortion to be wrong. “Family planning,” each one replied, by way of a solution. Then one said to the interpreter, quietly, that she had something to add. “Family planning doesn't always work,” she is half-whispered.
Advertisement:
Something else, in fact, has been done to address the fact that unsafe abortion leads to 30 to 40 percent of maternal deaths in Kenya, according to one estimate. In 2010, after a heated proxy war fought by both sides of the American political divide, Kenyans approved a constitution that moderately eases the country's abortion restrictions. Whereas abortion was previously allowed only with permission from three doctors – one of whom had to be a psychiatrist, an impossibility in most parts of the country – now a single medical professional can certify that an abortion is necessary for a woman's life or health, which can be broadly construed. And for the first time, reproductive health is enumerated as a constitutional right.
But what both will mean in practice is very much an open question.
“I don't expect that overnight, providers everywhere are going to be providing lifesaving abortions,” says Charlotte Smith, director of policy at Ipas, which advocates for safe abortion worldwide and is providing technical support to the government's transition. “I imagine that as in any place that has over 150 years of a very restrictive abortion law, it's going to take a lot of providers a lot of time to feel that they would be protected,” even if they support abortion rights. Still, Smith says, “It's kind of amazing progress if you look at where Kenya has come from.”
Getting the constitutional language alone didn't come easily. After both Obama and Biden lent their support to constitutional reform, Republican Rep. Chris Smith declared, “This is an administration that is very aggressive in promoting the killing of unborn children and the wounding of their mothers by way of abortion worldwide.” Smith and his American conservative allies charged that U.S. funds marked for civic education around constitutional review were actually illegally advocating for abortion rights and intimidating opponents. The U.S. embassy in Nairobi was unequivocal: “These claims are categorically false, and those making such allegations are lying.” Jay Sekulow's American Center for Law and Justice, a key architect for the conservative legal revolution, even opened an office in Kenya that year. By way of compromise, the final constitution also included language about life beginning at conception, but church leaders urged Kenyans to vote no anyway.
“A lot of the talking points said by the Kenyan judges and the politicians came straight from the Republicans,” Dr. Joachim Osur, the director for Ipas' Africa Alliance programs, told me, adding, “Some of them were saying that women in the streets would be forced to have an abortion even if they didn't want to.”
Kenyans I spoke to around the country remain annoyed at the hijacking of the constitutional review process, which emerged as a way of healing after a violent political crisis that killed over a thousand people and displaced hundreds of thousands. Osur went so far as to suggest that abortion was a poison pill, an attempt by vested interests against land reform to take the whole thing down.
Advertisement:
“There were a lot of people who did not want change to happen in Kenya,” he says.
He and other reproductive health advocates would have preferred to go through an act of parliament rather than the constitution, but they fought the battle that came to them, with the support of some of the major medical leadership in the country. They, after all, were the ones who had to deal with the women who had “backstreet abortions,” who harmed themselves, who overdosed on quinine intended for malaria patients or on herbal concoctions.
“We medics, we advocate for safe abortion,” Eunice Wanjiku, the nurse in charge at the clinic where I met those four women, told me. On the other hand, she came up with what seemed like a pretext to get as far away as possible from everyone else to tell me that.
And the controversy amounted to a national conversation of sorts. “What this whole fiasco brought about is that for the first time, people discussed the issue of abortion openly,” Osur said. “It helped reduce the stigma around it.”
Advertisement:
It was an issue of acute timeliness in a country where 488 mothers die for every 100,000 live births and where unmet need for family planning is estimated at 26 percent for adult women, according to health ministry figures. Dr. Bashir Issak, director of reproductive health at the Ministry of Health, suggested in an interview that in recent years, family planning in general had been sidelined by vertical funding focusing on HIV/AIDS. (The Gates Foundation, which funded the International Reporting Project trip that brought me to Kenya, is on a big push to make family planning a major part of the developing world agenda, including with an international summit in London next week, though the foundation does not take a position on or fund abortion-related activities.)
Meanwhile, eight years of the Bush administration's enforcement of the global gag rule – prohibiting U.S. funding to any organization that so much as discusses safe abortion, and defunding the U.N. Population Fund (UNFPA) – had a chilling effect on contraceptive access, as family planning clinics across the country closed and preemptively zealous enforcement led to birth control shortages. A Stanford study last year crunched the numbers and found data to support what health professionals on the ground told me several times: The illegal abortion rate in countries like Kenya rose as a result of Republican policies.
Even though the Obama administration has lifted the global gag rule and restored UNFPA funding, groups that get U.S. funding are still hamstrung by the Helms Amendment and the Siljander Amendment, which respectively prevent the funding of abortion or the funding of advocacy for safe abortion. In practice, this can lead to some contortion.
Advertisement:
Take Kisumu Medical and Education Trust, which I visited recently. It was ineligible for U.S. funding under the Bush administration because it works on comprehensive reproductive healthcare – from adolescent health to advocating for safe abortion access to caring for women who have had unsafe abortions. Under Obama, they've gotten a U.S. government grant to improve the services of 650 healthcare providers when it comes to infectious diseases like malaria and HIV. “But we are not allowed to spend any of this money on anything related to post-abortion care or abortion,” said director of programs Sam Owoko. “You have to separate the room where you're doing post-abortion care and the room where you're doing everything else,” and, he said, even have a separate set of tools, no easy task when resources are already so scarce.
Frustrated reproductive health professionals have pointed out that the same commodities USAID won't fund because they can be used for elective abortion – manual vacuum aspirators, Misoprostol -- are the ones recommended for lifesaving post-abortion care or postpartum hemorrhage. Every year, roughly 20,000 women are treated in public hospitals for abortion-related complications – as health professionals are required to under Kenyan law -- and that doesn't count the ones who go to private facilities or who never make it to a hospital.
Some of those MVAs and pills are, of course, already quietly being used for safer abortion in remote clinics around Kenya, as was quite plain on my visits to health facilities. Some of these providers are simply opportunists, like the high-earning illegal abortion provider in a Nairobi slum visited by two of my colleagues on the trip. (He enforces his own informal restrictions that sound a lot like laws that have been passed or attempted in the U.S.: no married women without permission from their husbands, and no schoolgirls without permission from their parents.)
Advertisement:
Others clearly feel as Osur does: “I do not think it is morally right to wait for women to start the abortion at home and wait for them to start bleeding so you can finish the job at the clinic. I don't see any morality in that.”
This post completes the series on how to create a shader for CD-ROMs.
You can find the complete series here:
A link to download the Unity project used in this series is also provided at the end of the page.
Introduction
In the first part of this tutorial, we have created a first approximation for the iridescent reflections that CD-ROMs exhibit. It's important to remember that this shader is physically based. To correctly simulate the reflection we want, we need to make sure that the tracks on our CD-ROM are arranged in a circular way. This will ensure a radial reflection.
Slit Orientation
The grating equation that we have derived in The Mathematics of Diffraction Grating has a big limitation: it assumes that the slits are all aligned in the same direction. While this is often the case with insects' exoskeletons, the bands on the surface of a CD-ROM are arranged in a circular pattern. If we naively implement the solution presented in the section above, we will obtain a rather disappointing reflection (below, right).
To correct this issue, we need to take into account the local orientation of the slits on a CD-ROM. Using the normal vector will not help here since all the slits share the same normal direction, which points away from the surface of the disk. What correctly captures the local orientation of a slit is its tangent vector (above, left).
In the diagram above, the normal direction is in blue and the tangent direction in red. The angles the light source and viewer make with the normal direction are called and , respectively. The analogous angles with respect to are and . As stated before, using and for our calculations will result in a “flat” reflection, since all slits share the same . We need to find a to use and instead since they correctly capture the local orientation.
So far, we know that:
Since and are orthogonal, the following property holds:
That is very convenient also because Cg offers a native implementation of the dot product. What's left now is to calculate .
❓ Where does the cosine come from?
unit vectors. A basic operation that can be applied to unit vectors is the dot product. All the vectors discussed share a common property: they have a length of 1. For this reason, they are also called. A basic operation that can be applied to unit vectors is the Loosely speaking the dot product of two unit vectors provides a measure for their alignment. In fact, it turns out that the dot product of two unit vectors is actually the cosine of the angle between them. This is where the cosine in the equations above comes from This is where the cosine in the equations above comes from.
Calculating the Tangent Vector
To complete our shader, we need to calculate the tangent vector . Normally, this could be provided directly in the mesh vertices. However, given how simple the surface of a CD-ROM is, we can calculate it directly. Please, keep in mind that the approach presented in this tutorial is rather simple and will only work under the assumption that the surface of your CD-ROM mesh is correctly UV-mapped.
The diagram above shows how the tangent directions are calculated. The underlying assumption is that the surface of the disk is UV mapped like a quad, with coordinates ranging from (0,0) to (1,1). Once that is known, each point on the CD-ROM surface is remapped onto (-1,-1) to (+1,+1). With this change of the frame of reference, we have that the new coordinate of a point also corresponds with its direction away from the centre (green arrow). We can rotate that direction 90 degrees to find a vector that is tangent to concentric tracks of the CD-ROM (in red).
These operations need to be done in the surf function of the shader since the UV coordinates are not available in the lighting function LightingDiffraction.
// IN.uv_MainTex: [ 0, +1] // uv: [-1, +1] fixed2 uv = IN.uv_MainTex * 2 -1; fixed2 uv_orthogonal = normalize(uv); fixed3 uv_tangent = fixed3(-uv_orthogonal.y, 0, uv_orthogonal.x); 1 2 3 4 5 // IN.uv_MainTex: [ 0, +1] // uv: [-1, +1] fixed2 uv = IN . uv_MainTex * 2 - 1 ; fixed2 uv_orthogonal = normalize ( uv ) ; fixed3 uv_tangent = fixed3 ( - uv_orthogonal . y , 0 , uv_orthogonal . x ) ;
What's left now is to convert the calculated tangent from object space to world space. The conversion will take into account the object translation, rotation and scale.
worldTangent = normalize( mul(unity_ObjectToWorld, float4(uv_tangent, 0)) ); 1 worldTangent = normalize ( mul ( unity_ObjectToWorld , float4 ( uv_tangent , 0 ) ) ) ;
❓ How to pass the tangent direction to the lighting function?
LightingDiffraction . However, it needs the tangent vector worldTangent which is calculated in the surface function surf . The signature of the lighting function cannot be changed, meaning that it cannot be made to accept more parameters than the ones it has already. The iridescent reflection is calculated in the lighting function. However, it needs the tangent vector worldTangent which is calculated in the surface function. The signature of the lighting function cannot be changed, meaning that it cannot be made to accept more parameters than the ones it has already. If you are unfamiliar with shaders, there is a very simple way to pass additional parameters. Simply add them as variables in the body of the shader. In this case, we can use a shared variable float3 worldTangent; which is initialised by surf and used by LightingDiffraction.
❓ How to switch between coordinate spaces?
Coordinates are not absolute. They are always dependent on a reference point. Depending on what we are doing, it might be more convenient to store vectors in a particular coordinate space instead of another. In the context of shaders, it is possible to change the coordinate spaces of a point simply by multiplying it with a special matrix. The one that allows converting coordinates expressed in object space in world space is unity_ObjectToWorld. If you are using an old version of Unity, that constant will be called _Object2World instead.
Putting All Together…
We now have all we need to calculate the colour contribution of the iridescence reflection:
inline fixed4 LightingDiffraction(SurfaceOutputStandard s, fixed3 viewDir, UnityGI gi) { // Original colour fixed4 pbr = LightingStandard(s, viewDir, gi); // --- Diffraction grating effect --- float3 L = gi.light.dir; float3 V = viewDir; float3 T = worldTangent; float d = _Distance; float cos_ThetaL = dot(L, T); float cos_ThetaV = dot(V, T); float u = abs(cos_ThetaL - cos_ThetaV); if (u == 0) return pbr; // Reflection colour fixed3 color = 0; for (int n = 1; n <= 8; n++) { float wavelength = u * d / n; color += spectral_zucconi6(wavelength); } color = saturate(color); // Adds the refelection to the material colour pbr.rgb += color; return pbr; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 inline fixed4 LightingDiffraction ( SurfaceOutputStandard s , fixed3 viewDir , UnityGI gi ) { // Original colour fixed4 pbr = LightingStandard ( s , viewDir , gi ) ; // --- Diffraction grating effect --- float3 L = gi . light . dir ; float3 V = viewDir ; float3 T = worldTangent ; float d = _Distance ; float cos_ThetaL = dot ( L , T ) ; float cos_ThetaV = dot ( V , T ) ; float u = abs ( cos_ThetaL - cos_ThetaV ) ; if ( u == 0 ) return pbr ; // Reflection colour fixed3 color = 0 ; for ( int n = 1 ; n <= 8 ; n ++ ) { float wavelength = u * d / n ; color += spectral_zucconi6 ( wavelength ) ; } color = saturate ( color ) ; // Adds the refelection to the material colour pbr . rgb += color ; return pbr ; }
❓ How this relates to the rainbow?
wavelength declared in the for loop contains the wavelengths of light that contribute to the iridescent reflection of the current pixel. The variabledeclared in the for loop contains the wavelengths of light that contribute to the iridescent reflection of the current pixel. Each wavelength in the visible range (400 to 700 nanometers) is perceived by the human brain as a different colour. In particular, the wavelength in the visible range maps to the colours of the rainbow. The post Improving the Rainbow shows how each wavelength can be converted to its respective colours. The function used for this project is spectral_zucconi6, which is an optimised version of the solution presented in the GPU Gems shader book.
Conclusion
You can find the complete series here:
You can download the Unity package for the CD-ROM Shader effect on Patreon.
As of Thursday, Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein has raised over $3,500,000 for election recounts in three key states that cost Hillary Clinton the presidency: Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania.
"After a divisive and painful presidential race, reported hacks into voter and party databases and individual email accounts are causing many Americans to wonder if our election results are reliable," Stein said in a statement released Wednesday. "These concerns need to be investigated before the 2016 presidential election is certified. We deserve elections we can trust."
Stein met a $2.5 million deadline on Wednesday and is looking for $4.5 million by Friday at 4 p.m. Central, the deadline to challenge Wisconsin's election results (Michigan and Pennsylvania deadlines come a few days later). Stein argues there are irregularities with machine-counted vote tallies and mentions in her statement that voting machines used in Wisconsin had been banned in California because they were susceptible to hacking. The Democratic National Committee's emails were hacked earlier this year — allegedly by people affiliated with the Russian government — as well as those of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta.
Academics have also said a recount is necessary, though out pollster Nate Silver disputes that there were any discrepancies in the three aformentioned states.
The Clinton campaign has remained mum about any potential recount or election audit; Hillary Clinton herself urged unity after the surprising results of two weeks ago. But since Clinton made her concession speech November 9, her lead in the popular vote has ballooned; she's now ahead of Donald Trump by over 2 million votes. Trump won the election by doing well in the Electoral College, sweeping the South and notching shocking wins in the three states Stein wants recounted.
Anybody who was a gamer in 2005 knows the name Leeroy Jenkins. One of the first ever “viral” videos, the video took the internet by storm twelve years ago during the peak of World of Warcraft's popularity. In it, a raid group plans out a strategy for clearing out the Rookery of the Upper Blackrock Spire. For over a minute, the guild discusses deep strategies and risks, even going so far as to calculate a 32.3333% (repeating, of course) chance of survival.
Even though it seems like this raid has been hours (if not days) in the making and will be carefully coordinated, suddenly a supposedly AFK player by the name of Leeroy Jenkins who has been sitting down the entire time springs to action, yells the infamous “Alright, time's up, let's do this! LEEEEEEROYYYYYYYYYYYY A-JENNKINNNNNNNNNS” line and charges into battle solo. The other raid members are stunned but quickly try to make the raid work and come to Leeroy's aid, but are all soon eradicated and are understandably infuriated with Leeroy, to which he responds “At least I have chicken.”
The video struck a chord with many gamers who have had a similar occurrence with a team member who doesn't follow instruction and ruins careful planning, helping it become an overnight sensation that was even mentioned on Jeopardy!
In the year's since, Leeroy has been revealed to be Ben Schulz, who has gone on to make many appearances at Blizzard events. Many dedicated WoW players have long questioned the video's authenticity as their strategy doesn't make much sense in the context of the game. Members of the guild <PALS FOR LIFE> have come forward and said it was a staged but accurate re-enacement of the event, but Schulz has never confirmed or denied it and there's not been any concrete proof.
That has changed today as a YouTube user by the name of Anf Pal has suddenly released a video showing a dry run of the famed video with different dialogue and a mistake near the end that required the entire thing be done over. Pal — who is likely the person who originally recorded the Leeroy video — states he has suddenly released the firs take to help draw attention to Net Neutrality. While it may not come as a surprise that the Jenkins video is indeed staged, the video is a fascinating behind-the-scenes look at a famous gaming event that many of us fondly remember.
Check it out below and for even more Leeroy goodness, Pal has uploaded the entire original Leeroy video that is stated to come from the original WMV file, which we've posted below the dry run:
It's time for our annual roundup of the biggest Pinocchios of the year.
Just before the presidential election, we highlighted the most outlandish statements of the campaign. This list is limited to claims we checked in 2016. We also decided to keep the focus on whoppers that the candidates said about themselves or about policy issues, not political attacks.
In the past, we have tried to assemble a relatively equal number of claims by Democrats and Republicans but find that this is impossible this year. Donald Trump earned five of the “biggest Pinocchio” ratings; the previous record was three (President Obama in 2013 and Trump in 2015).
There has never been a serial exaggerator in recent American politics like the president-elect. He not only consistently makes false claims but also repeats them, even though they have been proven wrong. He always insists he is right, no matter how little evidence he has for his claim or how easily his statement is debunked.
During the campaign, Trump earned 59 Four-Pinocchio ratings, compared with seven for Hillary Clinton. Since winning the presidency, Trump has earned four more Four-Pinocchio ratings, and his staff has earned one, as well. Unfortunately, we see little indication that this pattern will change during his presidency.
We also highlighted two especially pernicious trends this year — the rise of bogus statistics and fake news, spread through social media. It's bad enough when leading politicians traffic in false information. But readers also need to be more skeptical about the information they find on Facebook, Twitter or other social media. All too often, the corrective report is shared less frequently than the initial, unsettling, bogus information.
In compiling this list, which is in no particular order, we primarily focused on claims that had earned Four Pinocchios during the year. To keep it simple, in some cases, we have shortened the quotes in the headlines. To read the full column, click on the link embedded in the quote.
(Peter Foley/European Pressphoto Agency)
If there was any issue that caused Hillary Clinton to narrowly lose an election many expected she would win, it was the controversy over her private email server. In this statement, Clinton cherry-picked statements by FBI Director James B. Comey to skirt more disturbing findings about the FBI investigation. He said there was no evidence that she lied to the FBI, but he declined to say whether she told the truth to the American people. Clinton later admitted that she had “short-circuited” her answer.
Trump has proven to be a sore winner. Rather than tout the fact that he was a surprise victor, Trump instead has falsely claimed he won an electoral college landslide. He also falsely said that Clinton only won the popular vote because millions of people voted illegally. But neither is true. In terms of electoral college wins, Trump ranks just 46th out of 58 electoral college results. A shift of 40,000 votes in three states would have cost him the presidency. There is also no evidence of massive voter fraud, a notion that Trump apparently obtained from a website that disseminates conspiracy theories.
This is our favorite example of why it is often boring to fact-check Trump's statements. He claimed he could control the cost of prescription drugs by negotiating prices in the Medicare system — and repeatedly said the savings would be as high as $300 billion. But total spending on prescription drugs in Medicare is just $78 billion. Trump later said he was referring to savings he would get for negotiating a range of products in Medicare. But Medicare spending is $560 billion, so his claim that he would cut 55 percent through better negotiations was still unrealistic.
President Obama misled the public about the number of people held accountable for the 2014 scandal over manipulated wait-time data at the Department of Veterans Affairs, which contributed to patient deaths. Congress responded by passing a law that sped up disciplinary actions for senior executive service employees. But when Obama made his statement in September, only one senior executive had been removed for a case involving wait time (though the actual firing was for an ethics violation).
Sean Hannity, the Fox News personality, promoted this story when Trump was under fire for not having fulfilled a pledge to make a $1 million donation to a military charity. But Trump had nothing to do with helping the Marines; the jet was provided by Trump Shuttle, under contract with the military, at a time when it had been seized by Trump's bankers for failing to pay loans. Months after we exposed this as a sham, Hannity continues to display this false claim on his website.
No single claim likely was uttered more often by Trump — and none could be more untrue. Trump was a supporter of the war in Iraq, though perhaps not as enthusiastic as some Republicans. He certainly expressed no public opposition until more a year after the invasion — when the war had started to go poorly and most Americans had begun to sour on it.
(Joe Raedle/Pool via Associated Press)
Donna Brazile, interim chair of the Democratic National Committee, made this comment during an interview with Megyn Kelly of Fox News. A hack of the email account of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta had indicated that she had been given inside information on a question that Clinton might face during a CNN town hall. Then, after her confrontation with Kelly, another email was leaked that showed she passed on a question during a CNN-hosted primary debate. So her denials to Kelly were clearly false and misleading.
(Tannen Maury/European Pressphoto Agency)
Trump offered a version of this claim many times, part of the mythology that he built a real estate empire by himself. But his father was one of the richest men in America and also in the real estate business. His money and connections — and substantial loan guarantees — helped fuel Trump's rise as a young man. Trump's father left a substantial inheritance, worth tens of millions of dollars, that Trump borrowed from when he got in financial difficulty in the early 1990s.
Women Vote, an arm of Emily's List, a political action committee, ran a television ad that illustrates a particularly pernicious trend — the weaponization of fact-checking. In support of Democrat Katie McGinty (who won the primary but lost the general election), the group produced an ad that used the words “true” and “truth” and even cited a fact-checking organization to advance a deeply misleading claim against former congressman Joe Sestak (D-Pa.). Sadly, the group got away with such tactics because television stations in Pennsylvania kept running the ad even though the Sestak campaign provided ample evidence showing it was false.
Trump has maintained that the official unemployment rate — now 4.6 percent — is “fiction” and claimed that it was really 23 percent or even 42 percent. He produces these numbers by counting every single person not working as “unemployed.” At one point, he said 92 million Americans are “on the sideline outside of the workforce, and they're not a part of our economy.” In reality, 93 percent of those people do not want a job, according to the Labor Department. In any case, people in retirement, on disability or in school are still part of the economy, as they buy goods and services with their Social Security checks, disability payments, tuition fees and so forth.
Twitter is a vehicle for getting information out quickly but social media can also spread false information. An arm of UNICEF tweeted out this statistic in early January. Upon investigation, it turned out the number was concocted more than two decades ago and was very shaky — an estimate based on other estimates. Experts in the field had decided in 2007 that the figure should no longer be used. This is a good example of a statistic concocted with good intentions but that continues to circulate long after it has been discredited.
Monica Petersen in a Facebook image
In a classic of the “fake news” genre, so-called citizen journalists and bloggers seized on the tragic suicide of a 32-year-old woman in Haiti and speculated, without evidence, that she was killed for probing links between Hillary Clinton and the faux human trafficking ring supposedly run out of the “Pizzagate” restaurant in Washington, D.C. Petersen was actually an advocate for sex-worker rights and was not investigating Clinton or human trafficking in Haiti. But that did not stop people from sharing this fake news on social media.
(About our rating scale)
Send us facts to check by filling out this form
Keep tabs on Trump's promises with our Trump Promise Tracker
Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter
Nations, as Benedict Anderson famously proposed, are 'imagined communities'. But 'the global' is also an imaginary horizon. When we think of 'the global', we think of something, and it isn't typically a planet. It typically involves something about trade, cosmopolitanism, information and financial flows, diplomacy. And it varies constantly. In the 1960s, to imagine 'the global' would most likely have included space satellites, that made a visualisation and a technological use of 'the global' possible. But now, we're far more likely to think of telecom cables or internet platforms.
It follows that nations aren't only imagined by their residents, but also, just as importantly, as components within the (equally imagined) global horizon. There is, as I explored here, an 'America' as imagined and constructed by Americans, then an 'America' as imagined and constructed by Europeans. And it recently occurred to me that one way in which 'the global' has been transformed over the past decade is in the gradual disappearance of 'Japan' in its formulation. How could an imagined nation disappear from our cultural, political and economic consciousness quite so rapidly, yet without us even noticing?
Japan's status as our (i.e. the West's) economic and cultural horizon peaked in the 1980s, a time when Clive James created an entire television genre dedicated to marvelling at strange techno-oriental practices, which supposedly avoided the charge of racism because the Japanese economic and social model was eminently so much more successful than ours. Rumours of hotels where you slept in a small capsule, mobile phones which could communicate with microwaves, vending machines selling used underwear (please tell me I didn't imagine that one on my own) animated pub conversations in Britain throughout the 1990s, even as the supporting social and economic model was dwindling under an economic depression. By the time that the UK show Banzai was launched as a kitsch play on such things, the reference points were fading from memory. The stupidly over-rated Lost In Translation was merely a coda (its primary cultural significance is to have nudged The Jesus and Mary Chain and My Bloody Valentine out of retirement for a few months).
When I dabbled in consumer technology research circa 2002-03, Japan still carried an exotic hint of our own future. PowerPoint presentations were not complete without some reference to what Japanese teenagers were doing with their mobile phones, no doubt generating a fair amount of apocrypha along the way (there was always one rumour about teenagers ringing each other, then hanging up after one ring, as a cost-free way of saying 'hello').
So much has changed. The depression of the Japanese economy meant that the wonks and economists lost interest in the model some years ago. Japan was a scarcely-noticed absentee from the global financial crisis, having been weighed down by its own collapsed credit system for nearly twenty years. The plundering of Japanese production techniques (just-in-time production, Total Quality Management) by American management specialists over the 1980s meant that 'Toyotism' is no longer the horizon of productivity, as these tricks have now spread. But remembering that phones-speaking-to-microwaves used to be our global future also throws our new global future into some relief. Here are a few ways in which the global is now imagined differently.
Firstly, we now imagine the global in terms of the rising BRIC economies. The future will now be produced by cheap and abundant labour, not by mysterious oriental tech-wizardry (NB I am trying to describe an imaginary, not a reality!). 'The global' is therefore a harsher, more primitive horizon than it used to be. It no longer represents scientific progress, so much as sheer scale of population. (Meanwhile, the concept of 'the third world' has also fallen away, due to a combination of political correctness and economic trends). One feature of this is that, where 'globalisation' used to be conceived as the partner to acute urban densification (with Tokyo as the iconic example), it is now conceived as the partner to a more primary process of voluminous urbanisation (with Mumbai as an iconic example), not unlike the urbanisation of Europe and the United States during the 19th century.
Second, and in combination with the first point, the internet now dominates imaginations of the global. Around the time of the millenium, companies such as Cisco started to run advertisements with Chinese and Indian children staring into the camera, asking "are you ready?" - ready, in this instance, for the emergence of a single, virtually free, global medium, which was no longer exclusive to wealthy or technologically advanced nations. Again, the global was now about sublime numerical scale. A decade on, it has become clear that the companies with most to gain from the internet are not those with the most far-fetched technological imaginations, but those with the greatest numerical imaginations. Google and facebook are mathematical business propositions, based on insight into what changes once things are measured in billions, not millions.
Thirdly, and relatedly, imaginations of 'the global' now include a somewhat different status for 'America', once 'Japan' is absent. From the mid-1970s onwards, the US became increasingly paranoid that Japan was "eating its lunch", taking American jobs by producing consumer goods and cars that American consumers then bought. The reversal of fortunes during the Clinton years changed all of that. 'Off-shoring' of US jobs went from being viewed as a 'threat' to a means of exploiting the huge new cheap labour pools that were opening up. Post-2008, the US has lost any pretence of being a financial hegemon, but it retains some status as a technological hegemon. 'The global' is now conceived in terms of the relationships between the US and the BRICs, and while dependence on Chinese surpluses means the US is scarcely in charge, nor does this balance of power look especially troubling for a US statesman.
In all these ways, the new imagination of 'the global', lacking Japan, has gone hand in hand with a new imagination of what our collective technological future looks like. The influence and status of Clay Shirky is a good indication in this respect - Shirky's expertise is in people, not in machines. As he says, it is when technology itself ceases to be remarkable that its social effects are most radical. This is quite the opposite of how 'the global future' was imagined during the heyday of Japanese tech exoticism.
If a single company defined the imagined global horizon in the 1970s and 1980s, it would have been Sony or Toyota - Japanese firms out-performing, out-thinking tired, Western competitors. Their prowess was best represented in making things that 'we' would scarcely even know how to use. Today it would be Apple - a home-grown US household name, that exploits Chinese labour and the lessons of American business strategy, to enable ordinary people to sit at home or in a cafe, idly toying with a multi-billion user medium. Their prowess is in taking the global, with all of its numerical sublimity, and somehow transforming it into a source of comfort.
Missed our Kickstarter? Visit our store.
A camera's most essential accessory is its tripod. The design of a tripod has not changed since the early 1800's when photography was first invented. If our primary cameras are slim enough to be discreetly carried with us every day, why should our tripods be any different.
Hi Kickstarter, we're back.
In 2013, we asked for your help to create the Pocket Tripod. A fully adjustable tripod for your iPhone that fits in a wallet.
We set out to make the most practical iPhone accessory that's actually with you when you need it, instead of sitting at home collecting dust.
Thanks to your support, we successfully achieved our goal. The Pocket Tripod was manufactured and shipped to all our 2,565 backers on time. Now it's being used by thousands of people worldwide as their primary iPhone tripod.
Professional photographers use it to create stunning images on the go.
Got an interesting question over on the Sweat Science Facebook page about fat burning in hot conditions -- a good topic since it's currently a billion degrees with infinite humidity in Toronto -- that I figured I'd answer over here. Here's Tim's question:
Question about the effect of heat. Running in high heat and humidity increases perceived effort and decreases performance, but does it alter fuel use?
As an example, a 9 min/mile might feel like an easy pace in the cool, and result in you burning mostly fatty acids. However, if you now run at a 9 min/mile in high heat and humidity, will this change the ratio of fats/CHO you're burning and increase your need for carbohydrate?
Some basics to start. In general, you burn a mix of fat and carbs when you exercise. The more intense the exercise, the more that mix shifts toward carbs and away from fat. So the "first approximation" answer is that since running 9:00/mile requires a higher intensity in hot conditions than in cool conditions, you'd expect to burn a higher proportion of carbs in the heat.
But heat affects the body in a lot of different ways, so we have to ask whether the body's fuel preferences change in hot conditions. It turns out that they do. As this Spanish study from 2010 noted:
Exercise in the heat (40 C) increases muscle glycogen oxidation and reduces whole-body fat oxidation (Febbraio et al. 1994), in comparison to the same exercise intensity performed at 20 C.
This makes the effect even more pronounced: not only does run in the heat increase your intensity (which increases the carb:fat ratio), but it also increases the carb:fat ratio even at the same intensity. So we can say pretty definitively that running at 9:00/mile in the heat burns a higher proportion of carbs and lower proportion of fat than running at the same pace in cooler conditions. That means that if Tim is planning a long run in the heat and working out his carb needs, he might want to consider a slight increase compared to what he uses in cooler conditions (though, of course, I'd also recommend planning training runs based on intensity rather than pace -- i.e. slowing down in the heat!).
Now let's push a little beyond Tim's initial question to ask another important one: does this kind of thing matter if you're trying to lose weight? Should you worry about the proportion of fat versus carbs that you're burning, or just the total amounts? The focus on proportion is the fallacy underlying the idea that you should exercise at a low intensity to stay in the "fat-burning zone." Sure, it's true that sitting on an exercise bike and moving your legs slowly with zero resistance burns mostly fat -- but 80% of 5 calories is still useless. Much better to move to a higher intensity and get a smaller proportion of a larger total. And as you get fitter, your body's ability to burn fat will increase, and so will the intensity at which fat-burning is maximized. Here's a graph from that Spanish study, showing whole-body fat oxidation in the heat for trained and untrained subjects, as a function of exercise intensity:
So the goal shouldn't be to screw around at low intensity to maximize proportional fat-burning -- it should be to get fit (by training relatively hard!) so that your overall rate of fat burning doubles!
There's one other caveat that I'd like to throw in. I don't think the science on this is settled yet, but I have serious doubts about whether focusing on fat-burning is really useful for weight loss, even when you're talking about amounts rather than proportions. There was a very interesting study that I blogged about a few years ago that made me think that total calories burned is more important. A key quote from the study's press release:
Sydney scientists have demonstrated that mice genetically altered to burn fats in preference to carbohydrates, will convert the unburned carbohydrates into stored fat anyway, and their ultimate weight and body composition will be the same as normal mice.
This makes sense to me, though I certainly don't know for sure that it holds true for humans under all conditions. And there may be other reasons to focus on fat-burning -- marathoners, for example, benefit from having as high a rate of fat-burning as possible. But again, as mentioned above, the best way to ramp your fat-burning up is to get fitter! So I have to admit, I'm not a big fan of worrying too much about optimal fat-burning paces. Still, it's definitely an interesting topic to discuss (and debate in the comments below, if desired!) -- so thanks again to Tim for the question!
***
Read the Sweat Science book, and follow the latest posts via Twitter, Facebook, or RSS. Also, I'll be speaking as part of the Evolution of the Athlete webinar series (along with Tim Noakes, Dave Martin, and many others) in October; details here.
Democrats are content with a batty leader in the U.S. House — and they're apparently happy electing another one to run the Democratic National Committee.
Tom Perez — a member of the government class and most recently Barack Obama's Labor Secretary — gave a bizarre speech about why we wanted to lead the party.
In an apparent attempt to connect with average Americans, Perez said he worked his way through college “on the back of a trash truck picking up golf balls,” while adding, “Should have used a helmet.”
No one laughed.
Perez botched an attempt to say he would be a good listener.
“I've learned that good leaders are great listeners. You will always have my ear and I will always have your back.
“Let me repeat that: You will always have your — my — your ear, and I will always have my — I will always your back!”
He then attempted a strange sports analogy that fell flat.
“I have the upmost respect for the importance of a team. Because you know what folks? You can't go bowling alone and succeed. We must bowl together and that is what we will do as a party.”
Perez defeated Minnesota Congressman Keith Ellison by a vote of 235-200 on Saturday.
Nancy Pelosi was seen last week giving a strange speech in which she repeated words, told the audience when to clap, and claimed John Kasich is the governor of Illinois.
Watch it here.
So yeah, at this point we're just going assume Call of Duty: WWII is coming to the Switch. Continue to take this with a grain of salt if you must, but the evidence seems to add up. Well, BadFive is back with some more anonymously sourced rumors about the almost-certainly-happening Call of Duty: WWII Switch port.
At this point, it seems close to a lock a version of Call of Duty: WWII will be coming to Nintendo Switch , and now we may have more details about the upcoming port.
Slide 1/1 –
(Photo: Activision Blizzard)
According to them, Call of Duty: WWII has been in development for Switch at Beenox since August of 2016, and is expected to launch alongside all the other versions. Those who pre-order the game on Switch will get access to the same bonuses as players on other platforms (so far private beta access is all that's been announced), indicating the port is aiming for similar content as its Xbox One and PS4 “big brothers.”
Unfortunately, DLC is not yet a lock, with Activision planning to take a “wait and see” approach. If the game sells, Switch owners will get the extra content, but don't expect anything if it underperforms. Also, don't count on any sort of unique Switch features like motion-controlled aiming.
Finally, BadFive is now reporting the Switch version of Call of Duty: WWII will be a big part the Nintendo Spotlight: E3 2017 video presentation. Previously, they said it might be revealed in a separate Nintendo Direct.
Definitely mark all these latest details as rumor, as BadFive isn't the most proven source yet, but again, Call of Duty: WWII on Nintendo Switch seems likely for a number of reasons, and this latest info all seems reasonable enough. We'll just have to wait until E3 for confirmation.
Call of Duty: WWII hits PC, Xbox One, PS4, and (maybe) Nintendo Switch on November 3. You can check out all WWG's latest Call of Duty coverage here, and our extensive back catalog of stories, right here.
[via BadFive]
An anti-Islam group which mounted a so-called 'Christian Patrol' outside a mosque in London is using three military jeeps for its work – and even has access to a tank.
Far-right party, Britain First (BF) is using three armoured Snatch Land Rovers to spread its divisive message in the capital. One of the vehicles reportedly saw military action in Northern Ireland. Meanwhile, the decommissoned tank belongs to the relative of a senior party member - who rents it out to Gay Pride revellers.
A party spokesman said there were no plans to misuse the tank and that the jeeps were not intended to "scare people".
But that was not how the community in Tower Hamlets felt when 15 members of Britain First showed up in an ex-military jeep, last week. Community representatives condemned the 'Christian Patrol' outside East London Mosque in Whitechapel, as "intimidating and divisive." The stunt was also criticised by the Church of England's Bishop of Stepney, Adrian Newman.
Defending using military hardware for campaigning, BF spokesman James Downson told IBTimes UK: "We have three Snatch Land Rovers which we use in London and the South East. We get out in order to hand out the leaflets and if there's any trouble we can jump back in.
"We need to keep people safe because these guys have families. The trucks aren't meant to scare people off, but the reality is there's some very dangerous people in that area, who have foreign combat experience in Syria."
The group claimed it was in response to so-called muslim patrols which tried to impose sharia law on drinkers and couples in Tower Hamlets. Three men were jailed for the stunt last year.
IBTimes UK has also learned Britain First chairman Paul Golding was on the self-styled patrol despite the appearance being in breach of his bail conditions. Golding was arrested for allegedly assaulting radical preacher Anjem Choudary and is banned from entering London and also taking part in political activity.
Dowson said: "Paul was happy to defy the conditions and to challenge them in court. He went to a police station in Dartford before the event and told them. How can an authority like the police have the audacity to stop someone from taking part in political activity? It's ridiculous."
East London Mosque spokesman Salmon Farsi rejected claims the mosque was teeming with fighters from Syria. He said: "We were shocked at this behaviour which made members of the community feel fearful and paranoid. They want to turn up tensions and hatred and our message is that the community stands together and united and shall not be divided."
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson told IBTimes UK that breaching bail conditions laid a suspect open "further arrest." A spokesman said: "If a suspect wants to challenge bail conditions it can be done in the courts. But breaking conditions makes them liable to further action."
Between Jesus Shuttlesworth's turning 40, the Indiana Pacers' Hickory High jersey announcement and Warner Bros. media deal with LeBron James (which means he maybe/probably will star in a "Space Jam" sequel), it has been a distinguished week for Hollywood basketball.
But Nick Teixeira beat all of those stories to the punch.
Teixeira, an NBA fan and redditor living in Toronto, brought up an interesting point Monday on r/NBA with his assertion that in "Space Jam," the Monstars "were easily the worst team Charles Barkley has ever played on."
The plot of the 1996 movie, one might recall, is simple: an evil alien tries to abduct the Looney Tunes to perform in his theme park, and Bugs Bunny & Co. have one way out -- a basketball game for their freedom. To stack the odds, the aliens rob then-NBA players Larry Johnson, Muggsy Bogues, Patrick Ewing, Shawn Bradley and Barkley of their talent, infusing those powers into a super team called, yes, The Monstars.
The Tunes recruit Michael Jordan, win the big game, and the rest is cinematic history. Why it didn't win an Oscar, we may never know.
Teixeira makes his case by pointing to the Monstars lack of collective championships or MVP awards, and stacking that starting five against the best rosters Barkley played on during his stops at three franchises -- specifically the '85-'86 Philadelphia 76ers, the '92-'93 Phoenix Suns and the '96-'97 Houston Rockets.
He makes a pretty strong argument that Sir Charles was surrounded with more talent on each of those teams than he ever was on the fictional court in the cartoon netherworld.
ESPN.com caught up with Teixeira to talk him about how this silly research came about.
ESPN.com: Where did this idea originate?
Teixeira: I've always kind of had the idea in my head that the Monstars just weren't that good. I especially like the idea that (the aliens) went to a Knicks-Suns game to recruit -- where they got Barkley and Ewing -- and then they apparently went to a Hornets-Sixers game? And they snubbed Alonzo Mourning in Charlotte!
The other half came because I wanted to see which NBA team in history had the most Hall of Famers on it. That ended up being the 1986 76ers, with Barkley, Dr. J, Moses Malone and Bob McAdoo. Right behind them is the Showtime Lakers, and the newer Lakers with Karl Malone and Gary Payton.
ESPN.com: That 2004 Lakers team will eventually tie them once Shaq and Kobe eventually get inducted.
Teixeira: Right. That's when I sort of realized that Barkley had better teammates on that Sixers team than he did on the Monstars.
USA TODAY Sports
ESPN.com: When you did test that theory against his other teams?
Teixeira: Well, as I was looking, I saw he had years at each franchise that were better than the Monstars. It's funny, Barkley always complains about his Philadelphia years, not having any teammates, and those first two years he had maybe the most stacked team of any era.
Even the Bulls at that time in 1996, or maybe even the Suns. ... Some of those teams would've been better as a team than the Monstars.
ESPN.com: Say Warner Bros. fires up a sequel starring LeBron. Who are your 2016 Monstars?
Teixeira: Definitely Blake Griffin and Chris Paul. They come from the same team, they're actually funny actors, and they're both kind of villains in the league right now.
I'd like to see Kobe, but I don't think that's ever going to happen; Dwyane Wade, I'd take him at the two because of his history with LeBron; DeMarcus Cousins as the big man, and... Man, who do I have left? Let's go with James Harden.
From Bond Girl to Gone Girl, Rosamund Pike's journey as an actress has taken her from the depth of the James Bond series to a role in a David Fincher flick. Not a bad place to end up considering the roles that have been put in front of her over her career. The gorgeous Pike was long rumored to be the favorite to land the lead role in Fincher's next film, Gone Girland the new became official on Thursday.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Pike — still a virtual unknown to American audiences — beat out A-List stars like Charlize Theron and Natalie Portman to land the role alongside two-time Oscar winner Ben Affleck.
Pike will play a wife who goes missing on her fifth wedding anniversary, as her husband (Affleck) becomes the prime suspect. Much of the story is told in flashbacks.
Despite being an obviously talented and amazingly attractive actress, Pike has yet to catch on the way many hoped she would when she landed what we thought would be a career altering role in Die Another Day. But with the failure of the film, Pike's career was altered in the opposite sense of what was hoped for and she proceeded to add stinkers like Doom, Surrogatesand Wrath of the Titans.
However, when Pike is in lower budget movies, she tends to shine through as was the case with Pride and Prejudice, An Education and Made in Dageham, all of which landed her some sort of British Film award or nomination.
The excitement over Pike landing this role in Gone Girlis it will place her in the Fincher universe where actors go in unknown talents and come out A-List Hollywood stars. See Mara Rooney and Armie Hammer as examples of this. If Fincher is his usual brilliant self with Gone Girl, Pike may finally explode onto the Hollywood scene they way she should already be.
TRENTON -- Gov. Chris Christie announced Monday that he has nominated state Sen. Kevin O'Toole, a lawmaker who has long been loyal to him, to serve on the Port Authority's board of commissioners.
O'Toole (R-Essex) announced in January he won't seek re-election to his Senate seat after serving as a legislator for more than two decades. Christie's office announced his longtime ally would replace outgoing Commissioner Pat Schuber.
The governor also nominated Caren Turner, the CEO of Washington, D.C-based Turner Government & Public Affairs, to fill George Laufenberg's position on the board.
Commissioners are unpaid positions. They serve for six-year terms. They must be approved by the state Senate.
The cost of Christie's anti-drug ads
O'Toole has served on two of the most influential committees, state Senate Budget and Appropriations and Judiciary, which vets judges, prosecutors, cabinet members and justices serving on the state Supreme Court.
He's known for his outspoken style and for being a fierce defender of Christie. In 2013, on the heels of his re-election victory, Christie worked behind the scenes to have O'Toole unseat state Sen. Tom Kean (R-Union), the GOP minority leader. But the effort failed.
And in the fallout of the George Washington Bridge lane closure scheme, O'Toole's fierce defense of the administration made headlines.
He was among the minority members of the legislative committee investigating the Bridgegate scandal. But he was briefly ensnarled in the controversy when his name surfaced in one of the thousands of documents that became public during the public investigation.
O'Toole's name was mentioned in one of the emails obtained by a subpoena sent by David Wildstein, the former Port Authority executive who pleaded guilty to his role in the scheme.
Schuber, the outgoing commissioner whose term expires this summer, also played a small role in the Bridgegate criminal trial.
Wildstein testified he met Schuber in August 2013 at the River Edge Diner and told him plans to create traffic in Fort Lee. Schuber denied at the time of his testimony that the conversation took place.
Laufenberg, the other commissioner being replaced, was nominated to the board in 2014. Since then, PoliticoNJ reported he lived outside of the so-called port district New Jersey commissioners are required to live in.
Matt Arco may be reached at marco@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MatthewArco or on Facebook.
Fate has not been helpful to the Ivory Coast at World Cups. In 2006, as the so-called golden generation first emerged, they were drawn in an impossible group with Argentina, Holland and Serbia-Montenegro, lost their first two games and were out almost before they had begun. Four years later, they lost to Brazil, drew with Portugal and, although they beat North Korea, went out as Brazil and Portugal played out a goalless draw.
The tournament has been rather kinder on this occasion but the truth is that time has probably been called in the last-chance saloon, and the Ivorians are outside on the pavement wondering if there is anywhere else still open.
From Hungary's Aranycsapat onwards, being dubbed a golden generation seems a sure-fire way of winning nothing. Ivory Coast in the past 10 years have had a collection of players unprecedented in their history: the 1992 squad who won the Africa Cup of Nations may have been the better team but they did not have so many individuals of such high class – Didier Drogba, the Touré brothers, Didier Zokora, Salomon Kalou, Emmanuel Eboué, Cheik Tioté, Gervinho. This is a side that should have won trophies but looks like ending up bereft.
The squad is ageing. Drogba is 36 and is extremely unlikely to be able to complete three games in a week and a half. Zokora, once such a busy midfielder, has lost his pace and is now a central defender. Kolo Touré, who is suffering from malaria, seems never quite to have recovered from the chasing he was given by Egypt's Amr Zaki in the semi-final of the Cup of Nations in 2008, a game for which he probably returned too quickly from a groin injury. Yaya Touré, an increasingly vital player for the Ivory Coast, has still not taken a full part in training and may not be able to start his side's first game, against Japan on Saturday. Tioté's form has dipped over the past couple of years.
Strengths are waning and the weaknesses haven't been resolved, with the possible exception of right-back, where the 21-year-old Serge Aurier of Toulouse has emerged as a defender of huge potential. In goal Boubacar Barry remains the liability he has been for a decade, while there is still the issue of creativity. Yaya Touré provides it to an extent in his languid way but he is more effective with quicker forwards – which is why Wilfried Bony could end up being so valuable at the World Cup, even if he is essentially Drogba's reserve.
When Gervinho first impressed at Lille, he seemed exactly the player Ivory Coast had been lacking but his confidence remains desperately fragile. That was never more painfully displayed than in the penalty shootout at the end of the 2012 Cup of Nations final when he refused to take Ivory Coast's eighth penalty – which ended up being missed by Kolo Touré – and then reluctantly took the ninth, resulting in a wholly predictable failure as Zambia took the title. When he opened the scoring against Tunisia in the 2013 Cup of Nations, the exuberance of the celebrations was almost patronising: there was a clear sense of Gervinho's team-mates trying to make him feel positive. He played well in that game – and had scored the late winner against Togo in the first match –but by the quarter-final his self-belief was gone.
It is that game, a 2-1 defeat by Nigeria, that is the real cause of concern for the Ivory Coast. Of all their failures in recent Cups of Nations, that was the worst. In 2006 they lost in the final on penalties against the hosts, Egypt. In 2012 they lost on penalties to Zambia. In 2008 they lost in the semis to a very good Egypt. In 2010 they took the lead with a minute of the quarter-final against Algeria to go, then forgot to defend a cross and conceded an injury-time equaliser, before doing the same again two minutes into extra-time to lose 3-2: that was probably their best chance but after two years unbeaten Vahid Halilhodzic (now manager of Algeria) was sacked as coach for, as he put it, “two minutes of madness”.
For once Ivory Coast have shown patience – Sabri Lamouchi is the first Ivory Coast coach in over a decade to keep his job after failing to win the Cup of Nations and yet he is the one with the fewest excuses. In that quarter-final in Rustenburg last year he was comprehensively out-thought by the Nigeria coach, Stephen Keshi, unable to respond as the Nigeria full-backs, Efe Ambrose and Elderson Echiejile, rampaged past his wide forwards, Gervinho and Kalou. Although Nigeria won only 2-1, it was a comprehensive defeat for the Ivory Coast, one that made them look sluggish and disorganised.
World Cup qualification was achieved easily enough – thanks to a relatively straightforward draw – but they have not impressed in recent friendlies. Although Ivory Coast drew 2-2 in Belgium in March, they were outplayed for long periods before scoring two late goals as a blizzard of substitutions undermined the structure of the match. Then they were well beaten 2-1 by Bosnia in a performance of astonishing sloppiness in which space opened up again and again in front of the back four. A friendly against El Salvador last Tuesday provided rather more hope with something closer to a probable first-choice team (without Yaya Touré). Drogba set up Gervinho for the first and Gervinho set up Drogba for the second in a 2-1 win.
Still, it was hardly a crushing endorsement. Pre-tournament friendlies are notoriously unreliable guides to form but the pattern of the past two years has not been good. This is an ageing squad and Lamouchi has done little to suggest he can re-energise it.
The Israelis and the Palestinians are resisting Secretary of State John Kerry's repeated offers to travel to the Middle East and try to help negotiate a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas. Experts on both sides believe he doesn't have the credibility or ability to do any good if he shows up there.
The White House and State Department have been saying publicly all week that the U.S. is ready and willing to step in and play the role of honest broker to try to stem the escalating cycle of violence gripping Israel and the Gaza strip. The latest variation of the offer came in a personal phone call Thursday between President Obama and Israel Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu.
“The United States remains prepared to facilitate a cessation of hostilities, including a return to the November 2012 ceasefire agreement,” a White House read out of the call stated.
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Friday the administration wants to do the same thing it did in Nov. 2012, when Obama sent then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to the region. She helped negotiate a ceasefire agreement, giving the credit to Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi.
“The United States used our relationship with countries in the region including Egypt and Turkey and others to bring both sides to the table and create an environment where a cease-fire could be declared and enforced. So we're looking to do something similar again,” Earnest said.
Unfortunately, the U.S. relationships with Egypt and Turkey have both deteriorated since 2012. Morsi was ousted in a military coup and imprisoned, and the new Egyptian leadership has significantly less influence with Hamas. The Turkey-Israel relationship is also in shambles, hurting Ankara's ability to be constructive player.
And Clinton is gone, replaced by a Secretary in Kerry who may have already used up whatever diplomatic capital he had with the Israelis and the Palestinians. Kerry traveled to Israel 11 times and spent 26 days there since taking office last year, as part of a grueling and ultimately unsuccessful effort to push the Israeli government and the Palestinian Authority into a peace agreement.
But Kerry is trying to get in the game; he spoke with Netanyahu Wednesday and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Thursday.
“During both of those calls, the Secretary reiterated our concern over the escalating tensions and restated his own willingness and the willingness of the United States to engage robustly in helping to stop the rocket fire so we can restore calm as soon as possible,” State Department Spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday, noting that Kerry as also been in touch with leaders in Egypt and Qatar.
Kerry may be feeling confident coming off what appears to be a successful effort to broker a way forward to resolving Afghanistan's disputed presidential election. But Kerry doesn't have the same leverage on either Israel or Hamas. And the violence in the region has already begun.
Besides, neither the Israelis nor the Palestinians are exactly rolling out the welcome mat for Kerry. American, Israeli, and Palestinian experts and officials this week said Kerry should resist the urge to inject himself into the middle of the crisis.
“Should John Kerry, given his commitment and the direness of the situation, pack his bags?” asked Aaron David Miller, former Middle East negotiator, at an event this week at the Woodrow Wilson Center.
“No,” said Shibley Telhami, an Arab-Israeli author, University of Maryland professor, and occasional advisor to the U.S. government. “We have to figure out a role to play, but the question is, where's the influence going to come from? Who's got the leverage with the two parties? ... I don't really see the U.S. as having a particularly strong hand in trying to stop the Israelis from doing anything they want to do in Gaza.”
Robert Danin, Senior Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, said that a Kerry visit would be a poor substitute for a more comprehensive effort by all of the other officials in the U.S. government to engage both sides at the working level. That could be much more effective than a high-profile, one-off high-level Kerry visit.
“Now is a time for active American diplomacy at the level below John Kerry,” he said. “I think we've gotten trapped into a mindset that either John Kerry does it or it doesn't get done.”
Yossi Kuperwasser, Director General of the Israeli Ministry of Strategic Affairs, told reporters this week that negotiations between Israel and Hamas are not on the table anyway. “There will be no negotiations until Hamas stops firing rockets into Israel. That's it,” he said.
Some experts link the current round of violence directly to Kerry's failed Middle East Peace process. Ziad Asali, president of the American Task Force for Palestine, told The Daily Beast that Kerry's effort raised expectations on both sides. When the talks crashed, it created a sense of hopelessness that contributed to the environment in which the violence took place.
Lee Smith wrote this week in Tablet magazine that Kerry's failed peace process actually lit the match for the violence by pushing the two sides into negotiations during a period when both Israelis and Palestinians had little trust in the Obama administration and reason to doubt American credibility in the region.
“At a time of relative peace and quiet, the White House put the Israelis and Palestinians under the spotlight with a buzzer set to go off at the end of April. What both soon realized was that whatever they decided, the Americans weren't going to be around to give them cover,” he wrote.
Telhami disagreed, saying there was no direct link between Kerry's failed diplomacy and the current violence because the ingredients that started the crisis were always present.
“If anything, John Kerry succeeded in extending the period of hope for a little bit longer,” he said.
Danin concurred with Telhami, but said that the United States is now looking for a big move because their entire plan for engaging the Middle East ended when the negotiations ceased.
“I don't think it's fair to blame John Kerry for the violence. It exists anyway,” he said. “But what there is right now is a diplomatic vacuum. [When] the diplomacy culminated in April, there was no Plan B. There should be some sort of diplomatic fallback position short of an all or nothing approach.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Alastair Leithead says the cause of the crash is being investigated
US actor Paul Walker, who starred in the Fast & Furious series of action films, has been killed in a car crash in California.
Walker, 40, was a passenger in a Porsche sports car driven by a friend - who also died - when it crashed north of Los Angeles.
Walker was said to be attending a charity event at the time.
He starred in all but one of the films in the Fast & Furious franchise, the sixth of which opened in May.
Walker also starred in the suspense drama Hours, a movie that is set for release this month.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's department said the crash happened in the community of Valencia.
Image caption The red Porsche crashed into a lamp post in Valencia, north of Los Angeles
Image caption The sports car burst into flames after the crash
It said deputies found a car engulfed in flames when they responded to a report of a collision. Two people found in the car were pronounced dead at the scene.
Images showed the burned-out wreckage of a red Porsche by the side of the road.
"It is with a truly heavy heart that we must confirm that Paul Walker passed away today in a tragic car accident while attending a charity event for his organisation Reach Out Worldwide," the statement on the actor's Facebook page said.
Heaven has gained a new Angel. Rest in Peace Vin Diesel, Fast & Furious co-star
"He was a passenger in a friend's car, in which both lost their lives. We... are stunned and saddened beyond belief by this news.''
Universal Pictures also issued a statement, saying studio staff were "heartbroken" by Walker's death.
"Paul was truly one of the most beloved and respected members of our studio family for 14 years, and this loss is devastating to us, to everyone involved with the Fast & Furious films, and to countless fans.
"We send our deepest and most sincere condolences to Paul's family."
Walker played undercover agent Brian O'Conner in the Fast & Furious movies.
The first film of the franchise was released in 2001 and the seventh is in development.
Walker was one of the leading protagonists, along with Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez.
Diesel said in a post on Instagram: "Brother I will miss you very much. I am absolutely speechless. Heaven has gained a new Angel. Rest in Peace."
Image caption Walker's co-star Vin Diesel (left) said the actor's death had left him 'speechless'
Another Fast & Furious star, the rapper Ludacris, wrote: "Your humble spirit was felt from the start, wherever you blessed your presence you always left a mark, we were like brothers."
Walker began acting as a young boy when his mother, a model, took him to auditions for commercials.
After drifting away from acting, he got his big break when a casting director remembered him from years before, tracked him down and gave him a role in the TV series Touched by an Angel.
Walker later won a recurring part in the soap The Young and the Restless before moving on to supporting roles in teen films in the late 1990s with Varsity Blues, She's All That and The Skulls.
After the success of the first Fast & Furious film, Walker became the leading man for the second instalment when Vin Diesel dropped out.
Image caption The sixth instalment of the Fast & Furious franchise topped the US box office
Diesel later returned, however, and the six-film franchise has earned an estimated $2.4bn (£1.5bn) at global box offices. The series has not lost its appeal, with the latest instalment, the sixth, the most lucrative so far.
The seventh instalment began filming in September but has not been completed. It had been scheduled for release in July.
Walker has also filmed Hurricane Katrina drama Hours, which is due to be released on 13 December.
Another forthcoming film is Brick Mansions, a remake of the French action film District B13, for film studio Relativity.
Relativity President Tucker Tooley said in a statement: "Paul was an incredibly talented artist, devoted philanthropist and friend."
A selection of your comments appear below
On Monday, Tom Magliozzi, the co-host of NPR's long-running and beloved call-in show Car Talk, died of complications from Alzheimer's disease. In June 2012, following the announcement that Car Talk would stop producing new episodes after 25 years, Slate's Nathan Heller considered the reasons for the automotive radio show's success. Heller's essay is reprinted below.
For those of us who spent the boom years mostly in a car, in traffic, going nowhere memorable, news that Tom and Ray Magliozzi would retire from the airwaves comes as less a disappointment than a kind of reckoning. Where did all of that time go, anyway? For 25 years, the Magliozzi brothers, mechanics who speak the mother tongue the way that Lenny Clarke intended, have hosted Car Talk on the tweedy frequencies of the radio dial, offering call-in automotive counsel (long after the golden era of the call-in show) and flights of unadulterated whimsy (long before quirk went mainstream). The show's disastrous-sounding premise—two guys answer questions about engine lubrication and mufflers at length, on-air, with no editing to speak of—was its secret genius, making every episode a Houdini-style wager to see whether they could squeeze an hour of bravura radio from a few rattling engines. And they always did. Yet what many of us will miss most about Car Talk isn't the show itself. It's the contact with a world that the Magliozzis helped invent and bring to life, each week, on the air.
Losing Car Talk feels, to me as to a lot of people, strangely personal. I first started listening as a kid in San Francisco, in my parents' car, where NPR was ascendant and where Puzzler Tower, winter salt corrosion, Owah Fayah City—all the show's burnished specifics—seemed a plane ride and a leap of urbaneness away. The Magliozzis call themselves by the Vaudevillian names of Click and Clack and treat the studio microphones the way people treat bowls of beer nuts in a sports bar: as a kind of incidental witness to their private, unhinged, loud, loud, loud enjoyment. Yet their foolery has a kind of vulpine logic, too. Years before Ira Glass sought to break beyond the Cronkite voices of the airwaves, Car Talk did just that, shaping a program that was both guileless-seeming and sophisticated, endearingly blithe and expertly pitched to its audience—an NPR show, in short, that purported not to be an NPR show. Its success is a testament to what the Magliozzis pretend to be, to the invention of Click and Clack, as much as to what they are.
For the odd and slightly uncomfortable thing about Car Talk is that it's an arrantly white-collar program designed to seem like a blue-collar artifact. The Magliozzis get tremendous mileage out of their Greater Boston drawls (which, somewhat mysteriously, don't match: Ray, the younger of the two, pronounces most of his Rs; Tom does not) and from the general suggestion that they speak for a profession and cohort most listeners have little experience with: working with a wrench beneath a dripping vehicle. In truth, of course, the two brothers have the pedigree of academics and elite statesmen. As they like to remind audiences from time to time, they both did their undergraduate work at MIT, whose commencement address they've delivered; Tom, who holds a doctorate, worked as a college professor for nearly a decade. They write a syndicated newspaper column together, and the interstices of their show are filled with abstruse, university-town wit: the logic “puzzler”; the twee wordplay (Erasmus B. Dragon, Bud Tugly, Heywood Jabuzzoff, Pikup Andropov); the arch, ironic use of car-themed music. Strip away the automotive chassis of the program and it is as mainstream as the Whiffenpoofs.
Yet what saves Car Talk's backward striving from condescension and minstrelsy is—has always been—the honest yearning that appears to underlie it. The show holds a place in a broader nostalgic tradition, one that praises the local work of hands over the shady reach of corporate industry, the mechanical over the abstract. Craftsmanship is a dying skill, we sometimes hear, and in some sense Car Talk was one of its last public defenders. To host a car show heard largely by people in their cars is to underscore the physical fruit of physical work; to talk about the failures of cheap recent models is to emphasize what's lost. There's not a lot of Detroit in Car Talk but enough to make us realize what has gone.
What we'll miss most in Car Talk, then, is the reminder that good physical work is honorable and matters—even to a Cambridge, Mass., professor. The interaction from the show that I remember best rose when a fussy caller phoned to ask what protective measures he needed to take to avoid being maimed in tire blowouts. The Magliozzis told him he was overreacting—life is dangerous—but, ultimately, their jokes crowded out any advice. “Ahhhhh-ha-ha-ha!” one of them guffawed at the suggestion that the caller attend to his tires in a space suit. “Haaaaah-ha-ha-ha-ha!” the other joined in. In the end, the best thing about Car Talk was the most obvious, too: It's the only program you can turn to and hear nothing but laughter.
Are female stalkers more violent than male stalkers?
Follow @bakadesuyo
This study investigated gender differences in the perpetration of stalking violence and how sociocultural beliefs may account for these differences/similarities. A sample of 293 Australian undergraduate and postgraduate students classified as relational stalkers completed a self-report questionnaire assessing violence perpetration (no/moderate/severe violence) and sociocultural beliefs (justifications for relational violence; assessments of target fear). Female relational stalkers perpetrated elevated rates of moderate violence; however, there were no gender differences for severe violence. Both male and female relational stalkers were more supportive of justifications for female-perpetrated relational violence than male-perpetrated relational violence. Violent male relational stalkers were more likely to believe they caused fear/harm than their female counterparts. These findings are interpreted in the context of sociocultural beliefs that view male-to-female violence as more unacceptable and harmful than female-to-male violence.
Source: “Are Female Stalkers More Violent Than Male Stalkers? Understanding Gender Differences in Stalking Violence Using Contemporary Sociocultural Beliefs” from Sex Roles
Follow me on Twitter here or get updates via email here.
Digests of posts:
Things you didn't know about sex
How to quickly and easily improve your life
Things you didn't know about sports
Things you didn't know about happiness
Things you didn't know about lies, liars and detecting lies
Things you didn't know about negotiation, persuasion and influence
Things you didn't know about marriage and relationships
Posted In: Uncategorized Written By: Eric Barker
Post Details
Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus says President Donald Trump's “initiatives to reduce government red tape and his strong desire for comprehensive tax reform” are responsible for America's economic resurgence and will create an economy like the one that existed when he started Home Depot.
Writing at the Independent Journal Review, Marcus says the “free market—or capitalist—policies” President Trump is promoting “doesn't just create an environment where individuals have the opportunity to prosper, but makes charitable-giving possible in the first place.”
Marcus also wrote:
Founding The Home Depot has given me the means to give back more than I could have possibly imagined. In fact, over the last 15 years, I have donated $1 billion dollars to charity. I have given to causes that help increase awareness and further treatments for Autism, donated to help heal the mental wounds of our returning heroes from overseas, and have even opened an aquarium in Atlanta so that everyone in Georgia can experience the wonders of the ocean.
“All of this would have been impossible without the opportunity that free enterprise gave me to start The Home Depot—which is why I've become a stark defender of free markets and giving businesses the ability to expand without government intrusion,” Marcus explains.
Marcus is also founder of the Georgia based nonprofit Job Creators Network, one of the nation's largest pro-jobs grassroots organizations. The 88-year-old billionaire businessman says Obama-era economic policies would have made it impossible for him to found Home Depot. Marcus wrote.:
Regulations from the previous administration would have made it impossible to start The Home Depot today. The payment structure responsible for The Home Depot—which included company shares that created 20,000 millionaires overnight when we went public—would have been illegal under the Obama Labor Department's overtime rule. It would have barred our hardworking employees in the early days from working long hours to get the company off the ground.
But Trump's economic agenda has Marcus “enthusiastic,” he says, because the president “understands that if the next generation of young people are subjected to the harsh regulations and taxes of the past decade, the next generation of dreamers and entrepreneurs won't have a chance to build, innovate, and make the world a better place.”
“So call it whatever you want—capitalism, free enterprise, free market—it doesn't matter,” Marcus continues. “As long as free market ideals prevail in U.S. public policy, the next generation of entrepreneurs will be able to foster job creation, create innovative products, and boast a strong commitment to giving back.”
“Defending free enterprise is not just a logical responsibility, but a moral obligation. Let's hope President Trump continues the charge and accomplishes meaningful tax reform,” he concluded.
Marcus's Job Creator's Network recently announced plans to embark on a nationwide tour aimed at putting pressure on Congress to send a small business-spurring tax bill to President Donald Trump's desk.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
I know, it's a really awful time because it's so close to Christmas, but I need money to buy plane tickets to go back down to Florida. Yes, I just got back from a FL trip not too long ago, but my sister just called.About a week ago my dad was admitted to the hospital because he was under respiratory distress and there were fluids in his lungs. She called me today and told me that my dad is not getting any better, and he could go into cardiac rest any day now. So, I need to go ASAP so I can at least see my dad one more time if his body gives out.I'm sorry again for the horrible timing, but if anyone's interested in a commission, I'd greatly appreciate the help. I've opened the form again, I'll take more slots. It may take a while for me to finish them, but I promise you I will get them done. If you want gay or lesbian commissions, those are open, too.ThanksKayla-NaCommission form:
Every week, American Gods showrunners Bryan Fuller and Michael Green are here to answer your prayers — or at the very least, the ones related to the holiest moments in each episode of their new Starz series.
In the first episode, “The Bone Orchard,” audiences finally met the fully realized Shadow Moon (Ricky Whittle), 16 years after his introduction in Neil Gaiman's 2001 novel. Joining Shadow in television glory are smooth-talking shark Mr. Wednesday (Ian McShane), carnal goddess Bilquis (Yetide Badaki), pixel-powered gamin Technical Boy (Bruce Langley), and other key players in the brewing clash between old gods and new.
Here, Fuller and Green attempt to extinguish some of our burning questions from our first outing with the American Gods.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: Why did you decide to start the series with the Vikings' coming to America sequence?
MICHAEL GREEN: The Vikings sequence was one of the first big hills that we had to die on, production-wise, for a number of reasons. It's gigantic. It took us several days of filming that didn't include a single main character. It was going to require a lot of stunts and stuntmen, and we needed to build a boat. With the exception of the first shot when they're on the water, that's a real boat we bought, and we knew exactly how many dollars that would cost. The sequence was originally the top of episode 2, but it was very important to us to start these episodes, especially early on, with not just a tonal land grab but, well, a tonal land grab of something unexpected and strange and funny to us and, though it seems off point, is thematically necessary.
BRYAN FULLER: Originally, the opening was going to be Mrs. Fadil meeting Anubis in her Brooklyn apartment, which now opens episode 3. Michael and I were very conscious of how male the first episode was leaning, so we wanted to start with that scene, because really the only strong female presence in the first episode is Bilquis, and we wanted to have more female energy in it. But what we discovered is that the very male Viking opening spoke to the overall themes and arc of the series better than the story with Mrs. Fadil, so there was some shuffling of the Somewhere in Americas in the first two episodes as we were figuring out what the show was and what the story it needed to tell was.
RELATED: Watch American Gods: Inside the Episode “The Bone Orchard”
Viewers might not realize that the man narrating the sequence is Mr. Ibis (Demore Barnes). What's the significance of bringing him into this role as the writer of these tales?
GREEN: In addition to him being a strong presence in the book, it was sort of just a cheeky nod to [remembering] that this was a thing written. It all starts with a quiet writer at a table, or a train, or wherever they happen to be, so it's a little bit of remembering the source material and that history, and how stories are someone's telling more than they are fact. And stories of how people came to this country are personal or family legends that become as important as fact.
The scene where Bilquis feeds is one of the book's most iconic moments. What would people be surprised to learn about how you pulled it off?
FULLER: Looking at the scene in the book, the orgasm and the realization of what's happening is primarily told from the suitor's point of view, and what was so interesting about bringing [director] David Slade into the project, for both Michael and I, was how we were approaching this almost entirely as a point-of-view scene, and David came in very naturalistically, relatively, and saw it for the physics equation that it was, in terms of how does one person fit inside of another? He really led us down this really interesting path of Bilquis growing in a very subtle way, distorting perspectives as a means of conveying sex, and in cinema, using those tools and extrapolating a weird, hypno-shag adventure in sexual worship.
GREEN: I also want to say a word about Joel Murray. We wrote the role of the suitor…as someone who was coming to this awkwardly and with vulnerability. It wasn't necessarily an excited, gonna-get-laid guy, but a guy who was nervously approaching the date, wasn't sure where it was going to go, and was surprised to be found attractive. That let us turn it into this moment of pure worship—an ecstatic form of worship that we could experience from his point of view. [Joel] came in very late to the process. We were inside of two weeks, maybe, before filming, and we hadn't had that done, and not surprisingly, not too many people who were serious enough actors to want to do it would be willing to be that vulnerable. The scene is bananas, and there's the degree of nudity…
FULLER: We had cast the role, but the actor we had cast had to drop out unexpectedly at the last minute, so it was a surprising turn for all of us.
GREEN: But Joel Murray was someone who our casting directors came with, and we've all seen him in a million things, and we could instantly see how the scene was going to end up being so much sweeter with him playing it. We were really grateful.
Another new twist for the series is the way we enter Technical Boy's world. In the book, a limo pulls up, but in the show, you've got this nifty virtual reality headset.
FULLER: Essentially, in the novel and in our earlier drafts, Shadow is kind of chloroformed from behind as he's leaving the cemetery, and in talking with David Slade, who wanted something a little creepier and a little more insidious as a gateway into the Technical Boy's world, [he] pitched this concept of a face-grabber, essentially, that would latch onto his head and anesthetize him. After we had shot the sequence with the Technical Boy in the limo, the network's response was, “The limo doesn't look like a limo that we've ever seen, and we would like to reshoot the sequence with a regular limo that is identifiable as a limo because the show is getting too weird and it feels like you've already entered a virtual reality space, so either do virtual reality or bring us back to our reality.” And we think they were probably just saying ‘virtual reality' as an attempt to dissuade us from going bigger, but it actually sparked a great idea that we all rallied around, and that was this face-hugger should take Shadow into a virtual reality environment. That was the entire entryway into this scene, where we had the limo unfolding in space and we had Shadow being thrust into a virtual world and the Technical Boy being assembled out of Chiclets of some variety. So because the network was initially concerned about the look of the limo, they were fine with either doubling down or coming back to reality, and we doubled down.
How much did you shoot of Shadow's time in prison? And is this the last we'll see of Low Key Lyesmith (Jonathan Tucker)?
FULLER: Yes, at least until season 2. Part of the prison originally was shot on location in Oklahoma in an active prison there, and the other part was on stage where we had built Shadow's cell and some corridors. The scenes with Low Key were our very first things that we shot, so we began this show with Jonathan Tucker's mischievous energy and it became such an interesting aspect of Shadow's time in prison that we wanted to continue having him haunt him even afterwards…to give him warnings of what not to do in airports.
GREEN: The place we were at in Oklahoma for the exteriors in the prison, and the part where they're building birdhouses and Jonathan Tucker gives the story of Johnnie Larch, was a terrifying place. I mean, it's a real place where people are serving hard time, with serious security, where everything in your pockets has to be checked in and checked out. You could only come in and leave; there was no back and forth. It was incredibly, oppressively hot. But it was worth it to go that distance to get something that had the real grit of the all-too-grounded reality that Shadow begins his story in. We were very conscious that there's an untethering arc for Shadow in this episode, where his story starts in the realest place in the world and slowly his feet start to lift off ground until his final scenes are in the Technical Boy's domain, which is when the kite string cuts.
FULLER: It's interesting to look at as a story of a man who grew secure in confinement and, once released, finds that the real world has gone insane.
I've heard stories about the wonderful chemistry during the shooting of Shadow and Wednesday's first scene on the airplane. When did you breathe a sigh of relief that the pair would work out?
GREEN: It was the first scene we shot with Ian McShane. It was also Neil Gaiman's first day visiting set. And I believe it was also when we were wardrobe fitting Mousa [Kraish], who plays our Jinn, and he came to the stage with his dog-eared, ratty copy of American Gods that he'd had for many years and asked very sheepishly, “Do you think Neil will sign it?” and we were fairly confident he would. [Laughs] So, when did we first breathe a sigh of relief? It had been a day or two before, when we did the table read…
FULLER: I'm actually thinking it might be Monday. After people see it. Yeah, I'm going to stick with Monday.
What was your reference point for conceptualizing the Bone Orchard sequence, and in your words, what does it mean?
GREEN: The Bone Orchard was one of the first things that, even before we had the show picked up to series on Starz, we had worked with a concept artist to draw out for us so that we could understand it ourselves and help [the network] understand what type of phantasmagorical worlds we were going to be entering. The book has a certain description of it, but we wanted it to feel real and palpable. We wanted it to be a recurring nightmare. It's a space Shadow returns to because there's something to be worked out there. It's also one of the things that, when you know what goes into making the sausage, is kind of hilarious because with incredible effort and great expense, our production design team built a real-life starting point for Ricky to walk through. I was actually looking through some photos this morning of what it was, compared to what it became, and there are these giant 1,200-pound, 3D-printed tree trunks that look like mannequins, really. They don't look like much. They are reference points with some shape and a tiny bit of texture and a little bit of musculature. And then that's taken by an intensely working visual effects team over the next six to 12 months and turns into that remarkably rich set of images that includes bones on the ground, highly-textured trees, and branches that look like fingers, where you can't always tell where tree begins and bone ends. We're very proud of all the hard work that went into this idea of an orchard of bones that comes to life. We can all share in that nightmare now.
The scene at Jack's Crocodile Bar is one of the most cinematically described settings in the first few chapters of the book. Did that make an easy leap to screen?
FULLER: We shot Jack's Crocodile Bar twice. Before anybody had gotten involved in the show, Michael and I were working with illustrators to craft some of the big set pieces and sequences to give the network and the studio an indication of how we were seeing the show. At one of our first meetings, we had sketched out this crocodile head bar with the big, taxidermied crocodile head barstools. It was a set that we were very invested in as something we wanted to bring to life in a way that had a sense of mythology to it as well as an accessibility, and something that felt like it was also existing in the real world. So we had very, very clear ideas on what we wanted, and then as we started to develop the show, it kind of strayed away from the original intention for the Crocodile Bar. That set was, in the broad scope of this show, one of many that was rushing to get done in time to actually film. So when Michael and I saw the set, it was not yet done, but it was shooting the next day, and we asked for a series of changes that were not possible to accomplish. So when we were shooting that day and having conversations with the director and the actors and the studio executives, all to service the best possible way to shoot that scene at that time, we were thinking, “None of this is going to see the light of day.” Because it looked like a children's show and it was below our standards.
GREEN: The punchline there is, I think it's your publication that actually published our first look pictures of the show. In the picture, your eye is drawn to meet Shadow Moon and Mad Sweeney, but they are in that original Crocodile Bar that we ended up tearing down and rebuilding and reshooting.
FULLER: The only thing that stood from it was the frame of the crocodile itself.
GREEN: So, the before and after of the shot that you published will be an interesting thing to look at.
FULLER: Sorry about that, Entertainment Weekly!
GREEN: But it was also one of the first indications to us of the specific challenges for this show, because we were building so much, and even though we had a very talented design team with a lot of television experience, the aggressiveness of this show and the scope were so massive that we were realizing just how hard this show was going to be. Even with the best intentions and the best people, it was still too much to get done right in the amount of time, so we realized that we needed to either make the show smaller or have more time. And you'll let us know which way we went by watching episode to episode.
Are you baffled by the new season of "Twin Peaks?" Go gripe in person to star Kyle MacLachlan, who will appear in Jersey City next week to hawk his line of wines.
MacLachlan's roles on the third season of the David Lynch-helmed series have him -- spoiler alert! -- alternating between playing a crazed serial killer and a nearly nonverbal insurance salesman.
Everything on the new "Twin Peaks" season, which has included appearances by a talking tree or arm or something, will make sense in the end, the actor has promised.
MacLachlan's wine, called Pursued by Bear, is a collaboration with Eric Dunham. On its website, MacLachlan says the wines "speak of the promise" of the Pacific Northwest.
The actor, whose non-"Twin Peaks" roles include a Las Vegas sleaze in "Showgirls" and famed keyboardist Ray Manzarek in "The Doors," will appear at the Super Buy Rite, 575 Manila Ave., on Thursday, Aug. 31 from 6:30 to 9:30 p.m. The "Twin Peaks" finale airs the following Sunday.
Image caption Correspondents say the US speedskating programme has been dogged by allegations of infighting and abuse
One of America's biggest ice-skating stars has been banned for two years after tampering with a rival's skates, US Speedskating says.
Simon Cho's suspension lasts until October 2014, so he will miss the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.
After denying wrongdoing, Cho said in October his coach told him to sabotage Canadian Olivier Jean's skates during the 2011 World Team Championship.
The International Skating Union has also banned Cho until August 2015.
News of his suspension came on the day the US team for the short track event was announced, ahead of the World Cup championship.
'Biggest mistake'
Cho won a bronze medal at the Vancouver Games and an individual world championship in 2011.
Image caption Cho tried to modify the skates of Olivier Jean, seen above
He said altering Jean's skate had been "the biggest mistake of my life", and alleged that his coach had put pressure on him to do it after becoming convinced the Canadians had helped other athletes to knock out the US team.
Last October, Cho said: "I always knew it was wrong that day. I hope that I can make up for my mistake and continue to skate in the future."
His coach, Jae Su Chun, denies having any role in the sabotage.
Cho used a blade bender, normally used to keep skates to the correct radius in short track, to tamper with the skates.
US Speedskating said in a statement: "As an organisation, we are focused on supporting our athletes as they begin the season and work toward competing on the international stage at the 2014 Olympic Winter Games."
Christmas is nearly upon us and to make it just a little bit more exciting we've organised a Xiaomi Give-away Bonanza! 10+ Xiaomi Gadgets to Win!
This Competition has ended but don't worry! Here's Loads More Exciting Review Hub Articles about Xiaomi!
The Best Xiaomi Smartphones
The Best Xiaomi Gadgets & Gear
Ever fancied yourself an Electric Scooter? Well… it's your lucky day as we've got one up for grabs as well as 2 of the new Xiaomi 4K TV Box‘s plus 5 Awesome Xiaomi Speakers & 5 of the award winning Xiaomi Fitness Trackers!
How are we able to do this? We've partnered with the awesome team at GearBest.com who'll be shipping all the gadgets out to you guys! You can find the Gleam Competition below and you can increase your chances of winning by completing all the submissions!
Any questions just post in the comments below.
GearBest UK Facebook Page GearBest Facebook Page
Check out the GearBest Facebook and website which now has regional shipping centres. Lots of awesome discounts and offers this holiday season!
The Xiaomi Giveaway Bonanza Prize List!
Xiaomi Folding M365 Electric Scooter
Ever wanted to save the planet while riding around on a Red Dot Design Award Winning Scooter!? Now you can, all you have to do is enter below and cross your fingers! Check out this awesome Electric Scooter Now!
Xiaomi 4K Mi TV Box (x 2)
If you've been a good boy or girl this holiday season, then (fingers crossed) Santa might upgrade your TV to 4K. But then you're old crappy 1080P TV Box won't be good enough… don't worry though, we've got the 4K Ready Xiaomi Mi TV Box up for grabs!
Xiaomi Mi Speaker (x 5)
We've got 5 of the original Xiaomi Mi Speakers to giveaway! I've got one of these myself and the build quality is second to none, while it's not the loudest… the compact cutting edge design was enough to win it another Red Dot Design Award.
Xiaomi Mi Band 2 (x 5)
How about 5 chances to win yourself a Xiaomi Mi Band 2 fitness tracker. These little trackers are so good I bought all my family one last holiday season! No wonder it's the best selling budget fitness tracker of all time.
Here's the Competition! Good Luck!
Questions???
If you've got any questions about the competition or entry, please leave a comment below and I'll get back to you.
Contest rules
Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, has consistently been one of the strongest supporters of the FISA Amendments Act, which authorizes the NSA's surveillance activities. She's helped craft CISPA, a cybersecurity bill that's been repeatedly delayed over fears it will compromise internet user privacy. But even she thinks tapping German chancellor Angela Merkel's phone for years is a bridge too far. In a statement today, Feinstein condemns spying on America's allies.
It is abundantly clear that a total review of all intelligence programs is necessary so that members of the Senate Intelligence Committee are fully informed as to what is actually being carried out by the intelligence community. Unlike NSA's collection of phone records under a court order, it is clear to me that certain surveillance activities have been in effect for more than a decade and that the Senate Intelligence Committee was not satisfactorily informed. Therefore our oversight needs to be strengthened and increased. With respect to NSA collection of intelligence on leaders of US allies — including France, Spain, Mexico and Germany — let me state unequivocally: I am totally opposed. Unless the United States is engaged in hostilities against a country or there is an emergency need for this type of surveillance, I do not believe the United States should be collecting phone calls or emails of friendly presidents and prime ministers. The president should be required to approve any collection of this sort.
President Barack Obama has denied he knew of or approved the surveillance. "That is a big problem," Feinstein says. "Congress needs to know exactly what our intelligence community is doing. To that end, the committee will initiate a major review into all intelligence collection programs." Obama has already committed to a review of the intelligence community, but Feinstein's statement puts significantly more weight behind an investigation.
Dianne Feinstein is cool with spying on millions of ordinary citizens, but not people in power—that's unacceptable. https://t.co/OTWjxUc97S — Trevor Timm (@trevortimm) October 28, 2013
That doesn't mean, however, that she'll be opposing the rest of the NSA's surveillance programs. Feinstein has denied that Congress was uninformed about FISA surveillance, and nothing she says now contradicts that. As Freedom of the Press director Trevor Timm and others have noted, this condemnation isn't really good for overall privacy rights. But it isn't necessarily ideologically inconsistent, either: FISA supporters have argued that no collected data is examined without suspicion of wrongdoing, whereas Merkel appears to be specifically targeted for surveillance for reasons that have nothing to do with anti-terrorism.
As the White House has attempted to smooth over the revelation, Germany is still plotting its course of action. Reuters reports that the German parliament has called a special session to debate the issue, as some members call for a full investigation.
2011 studio album by Explosions in the Sky
Take Care, Take Care, Take Care is the sixth studio album by American post-rock band Explosions in the Sky, which was released on April 18, 2011 in the UK, April 25, 2011 in Europe, and April 26, 2011 in the US.
Design [ edit ]
Both the digipack and vinyl editions of the album case can be unfolded to form a model of a house (with either red or green walls). If viewed from the inside, the view from the door of the house is overlooking a tornado across a plain. A poster of an un-kept lawn to place the house on and a "postcard from 1952" with the track listing was included also. Early printings of the vinyl had colored vinyl and etchings of floorboards on one side.
Reception [ edit ]
The album mostly received positive reviews from critics, peaking at #81 on the iTunes Store. Metacritic assigned it an average score of 77 out of 100, based on 31 reviews.[1] Gregory Heaney of Allmusic compliments the album, saying "it feels as though Explosions in the Sky have developed an even greater sense of patience, allowing songs to build up more intricately without rushing their way into a huge moment of distortion-filled catharsis."[2] Kevin Liedel of Slant Magazine gave it a 3 out of 5, saying "In the end, the Texas band can't help but eventually indulge their desire to produce epic, guitar-driven film-score material, and after some initial feints into other territory, Take Care is business as usual."[8]
Track listing [ edit ]
No. Title Length 1. "Last Known Surroundings" 8:22 2. "Human Qualities" 8:10 3. "Trembling Hands" 3:31 4. "Be Comfortable, Creature" 8:48 5. "Postcard from 1952" 7:07 6. "Let Me Back In" 10:07 Total length: 46:05
Longtemps vigie de Marseille - d'où son nom de "la Garde" - la Bonne Mère édifiée par Espérandieu fut consacrée en 1864, au sommet d'un piton de 162 m de haut. Pour y accéder, on peut, sur cette carte postale du début du siècle, emprunter l'alors tout neuf ascenseur réalisé en 1890 par les Forges et chantiers de Méditerranée -la passerelle métallique qui y mène est, elle, l'œuvre de la société Eiffel.
L'ensemble, imaginé par l'ingénieur Émile Maslin, est mis en service le 30 juillet 1892. Il vivra 75 ans : en 1967, ce drôle de funiculaire est définitivement désaffecté, faute de visiteurs. La voiture est en effet devenue une redoutable concurrente à cet ouvrage lent et bruyant. On le démontera en 1974. Une ligne de bus le remplacera ensuite, ainsi, à la fin des années 80, que le fameux "petit train" touristique. Enterré, ce bon vieux funiculaire ? Peut-être pas : avant les dernières élections municipales, l'équipe de Jean-Claude Gaudin avait évoqué la possibilité de remettre en service l'ascenseur...
Coup d'oeil dans le rétro
Invitation à feuilleter le "Marseille 100 % vintage", La Provence vous propose de retrouver tout au long de ces vacances de printemps une rubrique "avant/après", afin de regarder Marseille sous une perspective nouvelle. Celle du fil de l'Histoire, de ses transformations sociétales et urbaines.
"Marseille 100 % vintage", HC Editions, 12 €. Dans toutes les librairies.
Everyone needs to play time - including this pair of Amur Tiger cubs at the Minnesota Zoo! Thanks to the donation of a bubble machine from the zoo's "Animal Enrichment Wish List," the cubs enjoyed interacting with these mysterious new "toys!"
These two female cubs had a rough start in life: both were removed from their mothers when they were less than a day old because they were not nursing successfully. The first cub was born at the Minnesota Zoo on June 17. The second cub, born at the Saint Louis Zoo on July 1, came to Minnesota on July 19. The cubs were brought together to ensure the best socialization. Now, nearly off bottles and growing strong, the cubs are on exhibit for part of the day in the Tiger Lair along the Zoo's Northern Trail. Read about the tigers' early days here.
Enrichment is a term that applies to novel items introduced to mentally and physically stimulate animals. Enrichment can include unusual food items, often hidden so animals have to employ time and energy to locate them; toys such as boxes or tree branches; scents like spices and perfumes to stimulate olfactory senses; intensive behavioral training and interaction with zookeepers; or unexpected items like the bubble machine.
Amur Tigers are among the rarest of wild cats, with only about 350 individuals remaining in the wilds of eastern Russia. Cubs born in zos are especially significant to the genetic health of the captive population, hence the intense efforts undertaken by the Minnesota Zoo and the Saint Louis Zoo to hand rear these two cubs.
Photo Credit: Minnesota Zoo
This post is part of the “Lets make a 3D game” series. 3D and physics simulation always go well together even more so with marble games. One is required for marblesoccer but i wasnt convinced by current 3d physics engines. I explain why at the end. Fortunatly, @pyalot from codeflow.org has been kind enough to write one taylor-made for us: microphysics.js!!
It is bite-sized, elegant and efficient. Less than 500 lines at the moment!! It is small engouh to be understood, important feature for a tutorial blog. It is a work in progress tho. We aren't aware of any bugs. New features will be added and the API is expected to move. Currently it implements moving spheres and static boxes (or AABB as we like to say). This is all we need for marblesoccer, the good thing about tailor-made. We are in business!!!
Below is a screencast of me doing a short introduction of the playground. This just a page for you to experiment with microphysics.js.
Let's get started
So lets see how to use it. First step, you download it here. Then include it in your own code with this line.
1 <script src= "physics.js" ></script>
Let's Create a World
Quite a title hey ? Dont you feel like galactus when you say it ? First you instanciate the physics world like this.
1 var world = new vphy . World ()
Now you start it. Dont forget to give it the date as you see it.
1 world . start ( Date . now () / 1000 );
The world is now fully initialized. You just have to periodically update it in your game/render loop.
1 2 var timeStep = 1 / 180 ; world . step ( timeStep , Date . now () / 1000 );
The timeStep parameter is the precision of the physics engine, expressed in seconds. Quite a subtle tradeoff. The smaller it is, the more accurate is the physics, but the slower it is to compute. Up to you to find the balance that fit your needs.
Let's Add Bodies
Don't worry, this is not about killing people and dispose of their dead bodies :) In physics, A body is a solid object that you put in your world. microphysics bodies can be spheres or static boxes. Lets start right away by creating a sphere.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 var sphere = new vphy . Sphere ({ x : 10 , y : 10 , z : 10 , restitution : 0.6 , radius : 5 , });
This will position it at (10,10,10) in the world. restitution will determine how bouncy is this during a collision. A bouncing ball restitutes a lot. A falling eggs restitute less :) This declaration seems quite verbose at first. Don't worry those parameters got sensible defaults, no need to specify them all.
Now lets add it to our world
1 world . add ( sphere );
If you need to remove it, just do world.remove(sphere) . Not too hard hey ? Now lets create a static box. Boxes are called AABB. It stands for Axis-aligned bounding box. It is graphic jarguon for the smallest box containing your object. vphy.Sphere and vphy.AABB both derived from vphy.Body . x, y, z, resitution are vphy.Body parameters, common to both. So we wont review them again.
1 2 3 4 5 var body = new vphy . AABB ({ width : 1 , height : 1 , depth : 1 });
width , height and depth gives the dimensions of the box. After world.step() , you can read the new position of each body. Quite usefull to push back the resulting physics in your 3D scene :)
1 var pos = body . getPosition (); // x = pos[0], y = pos[1], z = pos[2]
Ok, so we got a world with solid objects in it, all bound to physical law. Now what about moving them ?
Let's move our Bodies
Lets make our sphere moves. The bodies you added to the world will move according to the forces applied on them. All that according to laws of motion from Newton. He discovered that by receiving an apple on the head, creativity can take strange paths sometime :)
Ok let's add gravity, the force which moved this falling apple. This force is applied along a given direction to all our objects. The library already contains an helper just for that. Simply do
1 2 3 4 5 world . add ( new vphy . LinearAccelerator ({ x : 0 , y : - 9.8 , z : 0 }));
Quite easy, no? Now lets see a custom accelerator, for example a player moving according to the keyboard. The player will be a vphy.Sphere and we will reuse the keyboard helper we did in this post.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 var player = new vphy . Sphere ({ radius : 20 }); world . add ({ type : vphy . types . ACCELERATOR , // let the lib know it is an accelerator perform : function ( bodies ){ // bodies is the array of all vphy.Body if ( keyboard . pressed ( 'right' ) ) player . accelerate ( 1 , 0 , 0 ); if ( keyboard . pressed ( 'left' ) ) player . accelerate ( - 1 , 0 , 0 ); if ( keyboard . pressed ( 'up' ) ) player . accelerate ( 0 , 0 , 1 ); if ( keyboard . pressed ( 'down' ) ) player . accelerate ( 0 , 0 , - 1 ); } });
.perform() will be called at every world step. It accesses player via closure , read current keyboard state and accelerate in the proper direction.
Motivation
The need for 3D physics is clear for marblesoccer. Marble in physics are fun, generic and instinctive for the player. Ok so how to get a 3D physics engine ?
Do it yourself ? Well no, it is hard, long and im lazy :)
Well no, it is hard, long and im lazy :) Use an existing one ? i tried some and left unimpressed. All those are new experimental stuff. Documentation is inexistant. They are issued from existing libraries in other languages and convert them to js, sometime multiple conversions in a row. I experienced major bugs when i tried. Were those bugs ? Was it me misusing it ? Quite possible as the doc is inexistant. All in all, i didnt feel it would be a reliable dependancy for our game.
i tried some and left unimpressed. All those are new experimental stuff. Documentation is inexistant. They are issued from existing libraries in other languages and convert them to js, sometime multiple conversions in a row. I experienced major bugs when i tried. Were those bugs ? Was it me misusing it ? Quite possible as the doc is inexistant. All in all, i didnt feel it would be a reliable dependancy for our game. Used a 2D one, like Box2D ? Box2D is kind of special. Seth Ladd recently did a lot of good things to explain box2D. Ok, box2D is a converted one but it is of very good quality. So why not using box2D ? Well because it is 2D and we do 3D. Quite an insight, hey :) It would be such a tough limitation. This webgl + box2D strategy can produce excelent results tho, like this game demo from @einaros. Take a close look at the physics when object move, it is amazingly realistic and it is all box2D.
Box2D is kind of special. Seth Ladd recently did a lot of good things to explain box2D. Ok, box2D is a converted one but it is of very good quality. So why not using box2D ? Well because it is 2D and we do 3D. Quite an insight, hey :) It would be such a tough limitation. This webgl + box2D strategy can produce excelent results tho, like this game demo from @einaros. Take a close look at the physics when object move, it is amazingly realistic and it is all box2D. Ask somebody else to do it ? We got a winner! @pyalot from codeflow.org
Credits
All images are from wikipedia. All hard work is from @pyalot
Conclusion
This is the first post about physics. It presented microphysics.js API. Thus you can start playing with it immediatly. More posts will come shortly. At least, one about performance and another one on how to easily bind microphysics to your three.js game. That's all folks. Have fun with microphysics.js :)
Pope tells infertile couple to shun 'arrogant' IVF treatment as sex between husband and wife is the 'only acceptable' way to conceive
Dogma: The Pope told scientists and fertility experts that matrimony was the 'only place worthy of the call to existence of a new human being'
The Pope today urged infertile couples to shun IVF and insisted that sex between a husband and wife was the only acceptable way of conceiving.
Pope Benedict XVI said artificial methods of getting pregnant were simply 'arrogance' as he spoke at the end of a three-day Vatican conference on infertility in Rome.
He told scientists and fertility experts that matrimony was the 'only place worthy of the call to existence of a new human being' .
The Pope reiterated the Church's stance against artificial procreation, telling infertile couples they should refrain from trying to conceive through any method other than conjugal relations.
'The human and Christian dignity of procreation, in fact, doesn't consist in a "product", but in its link to the conjugal act, an expression of the love of the spouses of their union, not only biological but also spiritual,' Benedict said.
He told the specialists in his audience to resist 'the fascination of the technology of artificial fertility', warning against 'easy income, or even worse, the arrogance of taking the place of the Creator'.
Conjugal: Benedict said procreation should be linked to love both biologically and spiritually
He suggested that this was the attitude that underlies the field of artificial procreation.
Sperm or egg donation and methods such as in vitro fertilization are banned for members of the Catholic church.
The emphasis on science and 'the logic of profit seem today to dominate the field of infertility and human procreation', the Pope said.
NANKIN / ORANGE TOWNSHIP FIRE DEPARTMENT WEB SITE
P.O. Box 123
Nankin, Ohio 44848
419-289-6866
www.NankinFire.com
Robert G. McClaran - Fire Chief
MISSION STATEMENT OF THE NANKIN / ORANGE TOWNSHIP VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT
Through professionalism, dedication, integrity and training, the Nankin Orange Township Fire Department works to safeguard the lives and property and to enhance the quality of life of the citizens living in Nankin, Orange Township, as well as surrounding townships, villages & towns, that may be in harms way . This will be accomplished by providing a vast range of emergency services, strong public relations and fire safety education. We also endeavor to protect and preserve the health of our membership and return our personnel safety to their families.
NANKIN FIRE
HISTORY PAGE
FIREFIGHTERS
EMS PERSONNEL
PAGE
FIRE PREVENTION AND
EDUCATION PAGE
NankinFire.Com - Copyright by Nankin Fire Department, All Rights Reserved
The Alarm On This Site Has Sounded
Times
TOTAL NANKIN FIRE & EMS RUNS
FIRE
EMS
As Of December 31, 2008
1
2
3
4
Any Orange Twp or Nankin Residence Needing A House Number Sign, Please E-Mail The Station With Your Name Address &-Phone Number.
By Donations Please
FIREMAN & EMT PRAYER
READ THEM ON THE PERSONNEL PAGE
WELCOME TO THE
What Do You Think Of Nankin Fire's Web Site? I Like It
It's Just OK
Don't Really Like It
No Opinion
AREA FIREFIGHTERS
WHO HAVE ANSWERED THEIR LAST CALL PAGE
Please Let Us Know What You Think Of Our Site AND Please
Sign In Our Guess Book Thank You
2008
EMS
As Of December 31, 2009
FIRE
2009
FIREFIGHTERS, BE SURE TO KEEP YOUR FIRE CARD UP TO DATE EACH YEAR ON YOUR BIRTHDAY. CLICK ON THE ABOVE BOX TO UPDATE
NEW NANKIN FIRE
STATION NEWS
NANKIN FIRE
EVENT PICTURE
PAGE
COMMUNITY
OUTREACH
PAGE
FIRE
EMS
2010
As Of December 31, 2010
CLICK TO CHECK OUR LEVEL STATUS
INFORMATION
LINKS PAGE
FIRE
EMS
2011
As of December 31, 2011
NANKIN FIRE EMS PAGE
FIRE
EMS
As of December 31 2012
2012
NANKIN FIRE IN THE NEWS
CLICK ON TO READ MORE
CHIEF ROB'S
PAGE
FIRE
EMS
2013
As of December 31, 2013
NEW ENGINE 3218
NOW IN SERVICE
FIRE
EMS
2014
FIRE
EMS
2015
As of December 31, 2014
December 31, 2015
FIRE
EMS
December 31, 2016
2016
"LUCAS 2" TOOL PRESENTATION ARTICLE ON EMS PAGE
FIRE
EMS
December 31, 2017
Nankin / Orange Twp Fire would like to thank the Slocum Family , for their generous donation to our Dept. The Slocum's resident had previously bbe damaged in a fire. Their precious family member, their dog Milllie sadly passed away due to the fire. Fire personnel were ab;e to save two other family animals. There generous donation will be a great asset to our rescuing efforts weather it being animal or humal. Thank you again from the members of Nankin Orange Townshio Fire.
Nankin Orange Township Fire is accepting applications for a Fulltime Firefighter/Medic. This position will work days along side either an EMT-B or AEMT. We are also accepting Applications for Part Time EMT-B or AEMT for this shift. Interested applicants please contact Chief Rob McClaran at chief3200@zoominternet.net if interested.
Applications will be posted on this site shortly for you to print anf complete along with a resume of your quallifications.
FIRE
EMS
December 31, 2018
Duty Crew
Schedule
2017
2018
EMS CAPTAIN
PAGE
ACTIVE 911 has begun operation in Ashland County. ACTIVE 911 is a GPS integrated system in which a dispatch is given, all or any units responding can be seen on a monitor or mobile device which let responders know who is coming and where they are
2019
FIRE
EMS
Share. The human arm of the occupation force. The human arm of the occupation force.
On alien-occupied Earth, the setting of Firaxis Games' XCOM 2, it's not all fire and brimstone. Though humanity was quickly crushed, and helplessly buckled under the weight of the invasion, the ensuing 20 years of life on our planet have seen more integration than oppressive subjugation.
Exit Theatre Mode
People flock to the shining white mega-cities built across the earth by our alien benefactors with the promise of an easier life free of disease. And to manage those populations, the aliens have conscripted the Advent - the ostensibly human arm of the occupation force.
Though Firaxis is keeping details on the Advent's origins quiet for now (other than to say they're not directly connected to the Exalt forces from XCOM: Enemy Within), its soldiers act as a sort of military police for the aliens proper.
“ This is their military force that keeps order and makes sure that the civilians are staying in line.
“This is the front line of the alien's sort of veil that they're putting on in these city centers,” said XCOM 2 Lead Producer Garth DeAngelis. “This is their military force that keeps order and makes sure that the civilians are staying in line.”
And it makes sense, because it's easier to control a population with their own kind than having seven-foot tall aliens walking around giving orders. And though the Advent are distinctly human in appearance, as we saw in the XCOM 2 reveal trailer, they're capable of communicating with the various creatures that pull the strings - and they bleed yellowish blood.
As the grunts of the Advent family of enemies, Advent Troopers are the first opponents you're likely to find in the streets of XCOM 2. They sport some aggressive-looking futuristic armor and advanced magnetic weaponry supplied by our benevolent alien overlords.
“We really wanted to make these guys cool,” said XCOM 2 Art Director Greg Foertsch. “They needed to have a uniform to look, to push away from the aliens a little bit on the visual level. There may be a slight Boba Fett influence, too.”
Advent Troopers are everywhere, and they're coordinated, especially when led by an Advent Captain. You'll easily spot their distinctive red-tinted armor, helmet, and of course, the cape – the signature of every good Captain. They don't just have distinctive fashion sense - they also come equipped with a number of abilities that drive home the focus of teamwork. For example, they're able to increase the effectiveness of other Advent soldiers just from their presence alone.
“They can do an ability called Command Aura,” DeAngelis explained. “Which is an [area of effect] buff for any other troopers within their radius. It gives them better aim and they can potentially do more damage to XCOM soldiers.”
Exit Theatre Mode
But the disadvantages of fighting a squad of Advent Troopers reinforced by a Captain are more than just a passive upgrade. Captains can also use an ability that marks one of your XCOM soldiers for death, forcing any Troopers in the area to focus their fire on that one unfortunate person. Suffice it to say, with the combat of XCOM 2 shifting more toward stealth and position than ever before, getting caught out in the open and marked for death is going to be a bad time.
But let's say you get the upper hand and overwhelm your Advent opponents. Well, if you didn't kill the Captain, it might all have been in vain. In addition to their already frustrating array of ways to make your job as a freedom fighter more difficult, Advent Captains can also summon drop-ships of Advent reinforcements. All this to say, taking them down with your first strike when coming out of concealment should be a priority.
Brandin Tyrrel is an Associate Editor at IGN. You can follow him on Twitter at @BrandinTyrrel.
In the warped universe where this American currently resides, there remains only one heroic person brave enough to save our beloved United States from secretly being taken over by a falafel-eating, Mecca-praying and Ramadan-fasting cabal of sinister Muslims duplicitously bent upon imposing Islamic sharia law upon our golden shores.
Nope, the hero of this story is not Jason Bourne. Her name is actually Michele Bachmann.
I have to admit, congresswoman. As a card-carrying member of this fictitious Muslim secret society, you caught us red-handed. But, now I do have to ask you:
“What gave us Muslims away?”
Mark Wilson
GETTY IMAGES
“What gave us Muslims away?” one writer asks Rep. Bachmann.
Was it our overwhelming
two
members of the House of Representatives (out of a total of 435 members)?
If not, might it have been our staggering number of zero senators?
Wait, that's not it either? Could it be our zilch Muslim governors?
Or maybe its our total lack of members of the U.S. Supreme Court?
Either way, Congresswoman Michele Bachmann's latest mission of anti-jihad holy war against the Islamization of America took place when she recently led four conservative members of Congress in making claims that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin and her family had ties to Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood. She further questioned whether Mrs. Abedin is “part of a nefarious conspiracy to harm the United States by influencing U.S. foreign policy with her high-level position at the State Department.”
“The [State] Departments Deputy, Chief of Staff, Huma Abedin, has three family members – her late father, her mother and her brother – connected to Muslim Brotherhood operatives and /or organizations. Her position affords her routine access to the secretary and to policy making,” according to the June 13th letter signed by Michele Bachmann, Trent Franks (R-AZ), Louie Gohmert (R-TX), Thomas Rooney (R-FL) and Lynn Westmoreland, (R-GA).
Soon thereafter, in a brave (and uncommon) move by a national Republican leader, former presidential candidate Senator John McCain (R-AZ) took to the floor of the Senate to publicly and forcefully condemn Bachmann.
During his floor speech against Bachmann, McCain defended Abedin, calling her “an intelligent, upstanding, hard-working and loyal servant of our country and our government, who has devoted countless days of her life to advancing the ideals of the nation she loves and looking after its most precious interests. That she has done so while maintaining her characteristic decency, warmth and good humor is a testament to her ability to bear even the most arduous duties with poise and confidence.”
Pablo Martinez Monsivais
AP
Huma Abedin, deputy chief of staff and aide to Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, take her seat as she attends Iftar dinner hosted by President Barack Obama in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Aug. 10, 2011.
“These sinister accusations rest solely on a few unspecified and unsubstantiated associations of members of Huma's family, none of which have been shown to harm or threaten the United States in any way,” continued McCain. “These attacks on Huma have no logic, no basis and no merit. And they need to stop now.”
But, Senator McCain, our crusading congresswoman cannot stop now that the Muslim holy month of Ramadan has begun. If Michele Bachmann stops her anti-Muslim witch hunts right now, our children will soon be living in an America with a kabob stand and hookah bar on every street corner.
You see, the Muslim holy month of Ramadan is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar year. This month for Muslims is the equivalent of Lent for Catholics and Yom Kippur for Jews. For over a billion people worldwide, this time serves as a time for self-reflection, gratitude, charity and atonement. Sounds suspicious, right?
The religious concept of fasting in Islam symbolizes many things. First and foremost, fasting allows one to truly appreciate the great bounties bestowed upon all of us every day. By abstaining from what we love and survive upon, one garners a greater appreciation for the blessings bestowed upon us that we tend to take for granted on a regular basis. For Muslims worldwide, the month of Ramadan serves as a remembrance that there are many people on Earth who do not have the same luxuries that we normally take for granted within our charmed lives.
So as nearly 7 million American Muslims spend the next thirty days abstaining from food and drink in order to recalibrate our spiritual equilibriums, we can sleep better at night knowing that our American way of life is being protected from spooky Muslims by a self-appointed vigilante congresswoman who may think she is Jason Bourne; but who actually looks a lot more like the second coming of Joseph McCarthy in a red, white and blue dress.
Arsalan Iftikhar is an international human rights lawyer, founder of TheMuslimGuy.com and author of the book “Islamic Pacifism: Global Muslims in the Post-Osama Era.”
Ingebretsen's Wedding Crowns
Bridal Crown History from Sweden
Wearing a crown and veil in Sweden is a custom steeped in tradition. In no other country has the church played such an important role in preserving and sustaining the tradition of the bridal crown as the churches have done in Sweden. This bridal crown tradition was very much respected, but if a young girl forfeited her right to wear it she would be teased and mocked.
The first known decoration for the head of a young unmarried woman in Sweden was piglocken, a headband wrapped with colored ribbons and ribbons that streamed down her back. It was also called huvudla or hlad-la. Later they became more ornate and then shaped into a crown. The crowns would be made with either silver or gold with precious stones added to enhance its appearance. The crown would be worn directly on the head or over a veil.
Our Swedish crown is probably from the 1950s and came from Sweden. It is brass with colored stones hanging from it and colored stones situated at the top of the crown. The base measures 2” and flares to 3.25” in diameter. It stands 3.25” tall. The Swedish crown is for rent only and not for purchase.
Knowing that a Swedish wedding crown could be rented from Ingebretsen's, I always knew that I wanted to wear it at my own wedding. And when that day was going to become a reality in 2003, I began to think about how wonderful it would be to bring as much of my Swedish heritage as possible into the joyful occasion. I purchased Scandinavian gifts for my bridesmaids, some reception items such as our cake server, as well as a pair of beautiful earrings to wear with my wedding dress. On the morning of the wedding, my hairdresser easily bobby pinned the small crown to my hair. And, when I wore the “something old", a Scandinavian bracelet from my husband's family, I was thrilled to find out that it matched the beautiful gold crown with its colorful stones. I felt a huge sense of pride in my Swedish ancestry as I wore the Swedish wedding crown. Thank you Ingebretsen's!
- Janice Wahlstrom, Arden Hills, MN
Bridal Crown History from Norway
The bridal crown came in use at the end of the middle ages, with the Virgin Mary's crown at the forefront. The crown was undoubtedly the most expressive part of anything the bride would wear. It would be a symbol of her purity and virginity. Women who did not qualify in that category or who were pregnant or who were widowed were not allowed to wear the bridal crown. In some districts pregnant brides were allowed to wear smaller crowns or a modified version of the hodeplagget – a head covering that married women wore with their bunad.
Bridal crowns varied from district to district. They, as a rule, would be richly decorated with detailed silver work and, of course, would be very valuable. Some crowns could be so heavy that they would have to be sewn into the bride's hair in order for it to sit properly in place. A very strong neck was necessary to carry this honorable head piece the entire day! Some crowns were owned privately, but many were owned by the church. Usually the crowns would be rented out and the price was usually one “daler”- Norwegian money unit prior to 1875.
We carry two Norwegian crowns that measure 3.5” at the base and flare to 5.5” in diameter. The height is 2.5”. Each crown is sterling silver. One crown has a white finish with gold spoons and the other is a silver (oxidized) finish with silver spoons. These crowns are handmade in Voss, Norway.
The Norwegian crowns can be purchased new and can become a family heirloom.
I rented the Norwegian Bridal Crown because I'm very proud of my Scandinavian heritage and my fiance and I wanted to have a wedding that was unique to us. I made my own veil from several yards of toile and attached it with bobby pins at the back of the crown. At the reception, I kept the crown on all night, but removed the veil. I can't tell you how many positive comments I had on the crown and my matching sølje earrings. Our photographer also got great shots of the crown and it is featured in some of our wedding photos. I felt like (and people said I looked like) a princess in the crown. Sometimes people say that they would change things about their wedding day... and this is definitely one thing that I would keep AND wouldn't change a thing. I was never a beauty queen, but I certainly felt like one on my wedding day!
- Sara Nellermoe Lawrence, St. Louis Park, MN
We began offering bridal crown rental in 1995.
Call us for rental information... 612 729 9333 / 800 279 9333
or email inquiries to info@ingebretsens.com
MILWAUKEE -- Jajuan Johnson tied a career high with 22 points on Wednesday night and Marquette lost most of its 26-point halftime lead but held on for a 74-60 nonconference win over Stetson.
Stetson had a 19-2 run in the first 5:13 of the second half, erasing 17 from the 47-21 halftime margin and making it 49-40 on Luke Doyle's 3-pointer. But the Hatters got no closer the rest of the way.
Haanif Cheatham scored 13 points and Henry Ellenson added 12 points and 11 rebounds for the Golden Eagles (14-7, 3-5 Big East). Luke Fischer and Duane Wilson added 10 points each.
Marquette led 24-2 at the 10-minute mark as Stetson (8-14, 2-4 Atlantic Sun) opened the first half making 1 of 13 from the field.
Derick Newton led Stetson with 15 points. Brian Pegg had 13 points and 12 rebounds and Divine Myles scored 12.
David Hasselhoff: I Was ‘The Ultimate Nick Fury'
Although Samuel L. Jackson has played S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Nick Fury in Iron Man, Iron Man 2, Thor, Captain America, and the record-breaking Avengers, his portrayal of the cigar-chomping Marvel Comics government agent isn't definitive to everyone. Like, say, to David Hasselhoff — Baywatch legend, Knight Rider icon, and star of the upcoming Piranha 3DD — who donned Fury's signature eye patch and scowl in his own 1998 telefilm, earned Stan Lee's blessing, and claims that his is the “ultimate” Nick Fury.
“I didn't see The Avengers yet,” Hasselhoff admitted to Movieline while discussing his appearance — as David Hasselhoff — in the R-rated sequel Piranha 3DD. “I love Sam Jackson, but you know… my Nick Fury was the organic Nick Fury that was written and discussed with Stan Lee before anyone got in there to change it. Nick Fury was written to be tongue-in-cheek, and he had a cigar in his mouth, he was a tough guy — he was cool.”
Hasselhoff says he had earned Lee's praise for his turn as Fury, who comes out of retirement in the 1998 film Nick Fury: Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. to battle HYDRA. So he was a little miffed to learn the character would be portrayed by someone else — even if that someone was Jackson.
“Stan Lee said, ‘You're the ultimate Nick Fury,'” he remembered. “Avi Arad, when they bought it, said, ‘Don't worry, you're going to be the Nick Fury forever,' and they lied. [Pause] But that happens to me all the time. That's when you realize life isn't fair.”
Hasselhoff, meanwhile, has been trying to revive another of his past projects anew — not Baywatch (alas!), but Knight Rider — his popular '80s series co-starring a tricked-out, artificially intelligent car named KITT. Numerous attempts to revive the series in film and television form have been made in the years since Knight Rider went off the air (including, most recently, a 2008 TV series that lasted one season), but the latest iteration — a film adaptation, currently at the Weinstein Co. — is what Hasselhoff has his sights set on.
In fact, he told Movieline, it's the Weinstein Co.'s Knight Rider film that helped entice Hasselhoff to take part in Piranha 3DD. “Bob Weinstein called me and said, ‘Come on, man — if you do this movie and it does really well, I'll put you in Scary Movie,” Hasselhoff said, "'and then we own Knight Rider, maybe we can put you in the Knight Rider movie…'”
Still, Hasselhoff wouldn't mind finding his way back into the Marvel fold — perhaps in Avengers 2? “I had a blast playing Nick Fury,” he said. “And if it ever came back and Nick Fury has a brother — Dick Fury? — I'd be there.”
Follow Jen Yamato on Twitter.
Follow Movieline on Twitter.
By Andy Sullivan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama's push to raise the minimum wage, which has largely found success in liberal-leaning coastal states to date, could make headway in the conservative heartland in the November elections.
Voters in the Republican-controlled states of Alaska, Arkansas, Nebraska and South Dakota will consider ballot initiatives in November that would raise the minimum wage above the national rate of $7.25 per hour. Activists on both sides of the issue say the proposals stand a good chance of passing.
If successful, the ballot measures would provide further evidence that the idea of raising minimum pay has support across party lines. A favorable outcome could also turn up the heat on Congress to raise the national rate. Obama proposed raising the national minimum to $9 per hour in his 2013 State of the Union address and now advocates for a national minimum of $10.10. But the idea has gained little traction among Republicans who control the House of Representatives.
Congress last voted to raise the national wage in 2007 following successful ballot initiatives in Arizona, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Nevada and Ohio. Since last year, some 13 states and six cities, largely controlled Democrats, have raised their own minimum wages. In Seattle, the minimum wage will gradually rise to $15 an hour by 2021, the nation's highest rate.
"State and local momentum is what drives Congress to ultimately follow suit, and 2014 has really laid the foundation," said Jack Temple, a policy analyst at the left-leaning National Employment Law Project.
THE END AROUND
The ballot initiatives allow labor unions, charity groups and Democrats a way to boost wages in states where Republican-controlled state legislatures have been reluctant to act. Voters haven't rejected a minimum-wage hike at the ballot box since 1996 and have approved 13 raises in conservative and liberal-leaning states since then, according to the Ballot Initiative Strategy Center.
In 2013, for instance, voters in New Jersey passed an increase to $8.25 per hour after Republican Gov. Chris Christie vetoed an increase that had passed the legislature.
Lawmakers in Massachusetts, Minnesota and Michigan opted to raise the minimum wage this year to head off ballot initiatives in their states. Voters in Democratic-controlled Illinois will weigh in on a non-binding proposal in November as well.
Business groups have successfully lobbied against a minimum-wage increase in Congress and many state legislatures by arguing that it would slow job creation and raise costs. That's a tougher sell when talking directly to voters.
"It's other people's money - it's easy to spend," said Denny DeWitt, who is leading the fight against the minimum-wage hike in Alaska as state director of the National Federation of Independent Business.
SAVING THE SENATE
The ballot questions could also boost Democrats' chances of holding on to the Senate in November by drawing in low-wage workers who otherwise might sit out the election.
Just as Republicans used gay marriage ballot initiatives to drive up turnout among religious conservatives in the last decade, Democrats now aim to boost turnout with the minimum wage question, said Jennifer Duffy, an analyst with the nonpartisan Cook Political Report.
Geoff Holland is a good example. A janitor in Lincoln, Nebraska, Holland heard about the ballot initiative to raise the minimum wage in his state to $9 an hour during a visit to a food pantry. Though he does not usually participate in politics, Holland said he plans to vote for the measure this fall. "It has to be done," said Holland, who earns $8 per hour. "The price of everything else goes up and the wages don't go up."
Omaha, Nebraska waitress Sonia Bentley, a self-described political independent, says she doesn't support Democratic priorities like expanding Medicaid health coverage for the poor. But her opinion of Republican officeholders has soured since she began advocating for a minimum wage hike.
Holland and Bentley aside, the ballot questions aren't exactly a slam-dunk for the Democrats. For instance, they may not help Democratic Senate candidates in South Dakota and Nebraska, where Republican candidates are heavily favored.
But the proposal could make a difference in Alaska, where incumbent Sen. Mark Begich faces a tough re-election battle. The AFL-CIO labor union, which backs Begich, is making the minimum-wage ballot question a core part of its message in door-knocking and phone calls to voters. Voters in that state also will consider a proposal to legalize marijuana, another measure that could help Democrats.
As we saw in our GeForce GTX 1060 benchmarks earlier today, there's huge FPS gains to be had in Dawn of War 3 if you're prepared to drop a few graphics settings. Average FPS almost quadrupled when going from Max to Minimum, meaning there's plenty of wiggle room to achieve your desired performance while keeping in line with your own personal visual expectations. That said, Dawn of War 3 isn't exactly a looker at Low settings, so be warned you aren't getting quite the same experience.
Here's some Low v Ultra Dawn of War 3 graphics comparison screens so you can make the judgement call for yourself. Also, remember to check out Dawn of War 3's system requirements to get some pointers as to which graphics settings are going to suit your PC hardware.
Dawn of War III Low v Ultra Graphics Comparison
(slide your cursor over the images to compare)
Now, you're probably wondering what the heck is up with those Ultra screenshots. Well Relic decided to layer over what I think is a snow or mist effect into its benchmark tools (it's tricky to tell which), and it actually makes it kind of difficult to see what's even going on. It's a little clearer when it motions, but it's a bizarre style that can make playing Dawn of War 3 a little more difficult at higher graphics settings during certain scenarios.
This aside, there's a humongous gulf in unit detail, shadow quality (there are none at Minimum) and all around graphical effects when playing Dawn of War 3 at maximum settings. Warhammer 40K battles have never looked more resplendent, and it's a joy to watch lasers pinging about and explosions roar out. While you sacrifice a little in playability, you do gain a lot in terms of effects.
By comparison, Minimum graphics settings do look a little plain, and to my reckoning they're pretty much on par with the original, a game that's now over a decade old. They're fairly rudimentary RTS visuals, however it does make Dawn of War 3 a very laptop-friendly gaming experience, which is a perfect fit for a quick strategy fix on the go.
Image Quality setting in Dawn of War 3
I've done a little bit of investigating the image quality setting is responsible for the hazy mist in the screenshots. Set Image Quality to Minimum and there is no mist, but any setting from Low through to Maximum has mist. It's a very strange choice, so hopefully there's an option to remove the fog filter by the time launch rolls around Friday. If not, then I'd have to recommend you set Image Quality to Low, and leave everything else on higher settings.
(CNN) A chaotic scene unfolded at the Ohio State Fair after a ride malfunctioned during opening day -- killing one person and injuring several others.
A video posted online appears to show several people on the Fire Ball ride seconds before parts of the structure, including a full row of seats, split up and fell.
Tragedy struck around 7:20 pm (local time) Wednesday at the popular fair in Columbus. The Fire Ball, which consists of at least six rows of seats that spin around 40 feet above the ground as the entire structure moves like a pendulum, broke apart while it was in motion.
Ohio State Highway Patrol Superintendent Col. Paul A. Pride said one person was killed and seven others were injured, two of whom are in critical condition.
'It's my worst nightmare'
Rhonda Burgess said one of her sons was standing in line at a nearby ride when the incident took place.
"The ride had four riders per cart. This piece snapped off and the riders came out of the cart," she said. "At least two (people) flew through the air at least 20 feet before landing on their backs on the concrete."
The Fire Ball amusement ride after it malfunctioned Wednesday at the Ohio State Fair.
Within seconds, Kaylie Bellomy found herself in the middle of a crowd. She had been waiting her turn to get on the Fire Ball when she watched the turmoil erupt.
"Everybody was running. I got ran over trying to get out of the way," she told CNN affiliate WCMH . "I just don't think I'll ever ride a ride ever again."
Deputies asked attendees standing near the ride to step back as someone screamed "it's my worst nightmare," video footage shows. Workers were also seen placing barriers as medics and staff tend to those injured.
Three patients were taken to Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, hospital spokeswoman Eileen Scahill said.
As of Thursday, one was in serious condition and the two others were in critical condition, the hospital said in a statement.
David Evans, the center's medical director, said it was helpful to see video of the incident that was posted to social media because it helped them look for certain types of injuries.
"Having that video really showed us that this was a great force and a great mechanism, really consistent with a high-speed motor vehicle crash with an ejection, really something more along those lines," he said.
The other four people injured were taken to Ohio Health Grant Medical Center. CNN has reached out to that facility for an update on their conditions.
The Fire Ball
For days, inspectors had overseen the assembly and then inspected around 70 rides ahead of opening day.
"My children, my grandchildren ride this equipment so our guys do not rush through this stuff," said Michael Vartorella, chief ride inspector of the Amusement Ride Safety Division.
Four rides failed an inspection on Monday, but there were no red flags when inspectors examined the Fire Ball.
The "aggressive thrill" has become one of the most popular thrill rides since its debut in 2002, Amusements of America , the rides' operator says on its website.
"It was inspected at a couple of different stages and it was signed off today," he told reporters.
Gov. John Kasich quickly ordered a full investigation into the incident and ordered all fair rides to shut down.
JUST WATCHED Kasich: We will get to the bottom of this Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kasich: We will get to the bottom of this 01:00
"The fair is about the best things in life and tonight with this accident it becomes a terrible, terrible tragedy," Kasich said in a news conference.
The Ohio State Fair draws thousands of people for its deep-fried foods, thrill rides and its unique life-size butter cow sculptures. Last year, more than 920,000 people attended the fair, organizers said.
Most activities will resume Thursday while the rides undergo new inspections, fair officials said.
"Our hearts are heavy for the families of those involved in last night's tragic accident. We have shut down all rides until the state has inspected each and every ride again and deemed them to be safe," they said in a statement.
The Columbus Dispatch reported the inspections were delayed by recent rain. It was the first day of the fair.
A similar ride in California was closed when authorities ordered a second inspection, Orange County fair officials told CNN affiliate KABC
No problems had been reported but officials said they made the decision out of precaution.
Police say the groups often linked to serious organised crime gangs and are growing problem.
Alcohol deliveries: Groups selling drink out with legal licensing hours.
A growing number of Illegal alcohol delivery services linked to organised crime gangs are operating in Scotland, police have warned.
The so-called "dial a drink" or "dial a booze" services are emerging throughout Scotland's communities, especially in and around Glasgow.
The illicit delivery groups openly advertise on websites and social media pages, providing price lists and contact numbers for potential customers. The people running the services will then deliver the alcohol to the public outwith legal licensing hours at astronomical prices.
Politicians have said Scotland has a "dial a drink epidemic emerging", with others branding the issue "very worrying" and police now actively targeting the illicit businesses in undercover operations after it was highlighted as "an emerging issue" in a police report.
Drinks including Buckfast, MD 20/20, cider wine and spirits are advertised and sold for at least double the price they could be bought for in a supermarket. It is an offence in Scotland to deliver alcohol between midnight and 6am.
Police have warned of the growing trend in groups delivering alcohol to the public through the night and police in Glasgow have developed a plan to tackle the problem.
Facebook: An alcohol delivery service advertising on social media.
Although illegal alcohol delivery services have been in operation over recent years, a senior officer in Glasgow revealed the severity and prevalence of "dial a booze" was brought to the attention of Police Scotland last year.
Police were called to an attempted murder at a house in the city, where it was discovered a "dial a booze" service had delivered to on two occasions on the night of the attack.
It has also been revealed that some of the criminal groups have delivered to properties where sexual assaults have later taken place.
Detectives are now actively targeting the groups, some of which are involved in much more serious organised crime including drug dealing, using undercover officers to call and arrange to buy alcohol.
They are also working with the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service (Copfs) to target the people behind the groups with proceeds of crime laws to seize their assets.
Chief inspector David Pettigrew, based at London Road Police Office in Glasgow, told STV News: "Dial a booze is essentially a trade name for a large number of these groups.
"It is the provision of alcohol to people out with legal licensing hours and conditions, may that be by phone or online contact, through for example, social media or through back door purchases at shop premises.
"You only have to look online to see how many outlets there are. It is a widespread problem and there are different levels of offender. You have your entrepreneur who will purchase large amounts of alcohol from a supermarket and sell it on at an inflated price.
"Then there are organised crime groups who buy large quantities of alcohol in bulk from cash and carries, and sometimes abroad, to sell on.
"These people have no regard for the age of the people they are selling to, how intoxicated they are, the conditions under which they are making the sale or the quantity of alcohol they are providing.
"These groups are often almost certainly involved in other criminal activities including drug dealing."
In his annual report to the Glasgow Licensing Board last month, former Police Scotland chief constable Stephen House revealed illegal "dial a booze" delivery services were an "emerging issue in Scotland".
The report, which was laid before the city council last week, says that in "some instances the operators can be linked to serious and organised crime groups."
Two people were arrested in Glasgow last month in connection with allegedly running one of the delivery services. A 36-year-old man and 37-year-old woman were detained in connection with a range of alleged offences.
It is the first time police in the UK arrested anyone over the alleged illegal selling alcohol throughout the night. A report was sent to the procurator fiscal on the matter.
Ch inp Pettigrew added: "What brought it home to us was last year there was an attempted murder at a property where it transpired a so-called dial a booze service had delivered alcohol to twice that night.
"It has also been brought to our attention that a number of sex crimes have been reported at properties where these services had delivered to.
"We have now developed a plan to tackle this problem. Test purchasing operations in which children enter licensed premises to buy alcohol have been a regular feature for some time.
"However, we are now carrying out these test purchasing operations on "dial a booze" services using police officers. They make the call and then collect a delivery.
"A number of provisions have to be put in place before we are able to do this, as they are essentially surveillance operations, but it is one aspect of what we are now doing to tackle the issue.
"We are also working in tandem with our colleagues at the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service in order to target these offences as lifestyle crimes."
Ch insp Pettigrew said this will allow the police and prosecutors to use proceeds of crime laws against offenders to seize assets and hope Police Scotland have developed a strategy that others can use.
Scottish Conservative MSP Alex Johnstone said: "As if Scotland's relationship with alcohol wasn't bad enough, we now have a dial-a-drink epidemic emerging.
Many people may be tempted to dial up if they run out of vodka or Buckie in the wee small hours, but these dubious outfits are breaking the law by delivering after midnight.
These groups have also been linked to organised crime and It's now time for Police Scotland to launch a crackdown before the situation gets out of control.
Scottish Liberal Democrat justice spokeswoman Alison McInnes MSP said:Alcoholism and binge drinking are still huge problems in this country and having unregulated services selling alcohol illegally is very worrying.
"These services appear to break the law on many levels but Im particularly concerned that underage drinkers may be using them to buy alcohol.
"Officers will have a difficult task ahead of them tracking down the culprits if they are operating on social media. At the same time, Im pleased to hear of the work Police Scotland is doing to stamp them out.
A Scottish Government spokeswoman said: This is an operational matter for Police Scotland, who work in partnership to agree local police priorities, and we welcome any action Police Scotland is taking to reduce violence in our communities. Licensing decisions are a matter for the local licensing board.
Major Star Wars: The Force Awakens possible spoiler details ahead! If you hate spoilers and would rather find out when the movie comes out on December, don't read further. Although not officially confirmed, these details might end up being true.
A source from the set for a popular TV series reached out to us, and said that he spoke to a fellow supporting actor who claimed that he was involved in Star Wars: The Force Awakens for a week or two. He shared some bad news about one of the major characters of the movie. Here's the info the actor shared to Epicstream.com:
"He watched a scene being shot at Greenham common airbase in which Leia is sad and says 'I don't know how he will cope without him', my source told me Han Solo dies, I quizzed him and he said he just presumed, I then asked who was she talking to, he said a couple of Wookiees but now Chewy, I asked him could you have meant that Chewy dies, he said that might of been the case, he didn't know just that one of them does.'
So there you have it. Han Solo or Chewbacca might die in The Force Awakens, but take this as a grain of salt for now. I won't be surprised, however, if this ended up being true. Han Solo's death was originally put forward by Harrison Ford for Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi. In an interview with EW back in 2012, Ford said that Han didn't have anywhere else to go as a character and that his death would up the stakes of the final battle, but George Lucas decided against it. Ford joked it was because Lucas didn't see a future in "dead Han toys". But now that the smuggler is older in The Force Awakens and Lucas is no longer in charge of the story's direction, this sad fate could, might actually happen in the movie.
So do you think Han Solo, Chewbacca, or some other character will die in The Force Awakens? Feel free to share your thoughts in the comments section below.
The second season of the College Football Playoff era has definitely been one to remember. From blocked kicks to smooth lateral moves, pitch backs to wild throws, I don't think any sports fan will forget the highlights of this season anytime soon. So, with only bowls and playoff games remaining in a season for the ages, NCAA.com looks back at the best of 2015. Here are six of this season's greatest Hail Marys:
In Week 1, BYU, trailing by one point to Nebraska, had to rely on their backup quarterback Tanner Mangum to try for the endzone from just shy of the Husker 40. However, Mangum had to evacuate the pocket and ended up right on top of the 50 as he heaved the Cougars last chance into the air, and Mitch Mathews pulled down the ball into the endzone despite being surrounded by red jerseys to begin what would become one of the craziest seasons of college football anyone has ever seen.
The very next week, the Cougars of BYU find themselves in another precarious situation late in the game. Down three to Boise State with 45 seconds left in the game, Tanner Mangum stepped up yet again to deliver a 35 yard strike to the endzone and found his target. The phrase "Mangum Magic" was born, and we all began to wonder if there was something more to BYU this year.
Week 2 had more excitement up in Charlottesville, Virginia, as the No. 9 Notre Dame Fighting Irish visited the Virginia Cavaliers. The 0-1 Cavs were leading, but the Irish mounted a threatening comeback. However, it seemed it was too late when star ND quarterback Malik Zaire left the game with a season-ending injury. But, backup QB Deshone Kizer was able to step in without a single hiccup. With less than 20 seconds left in the game, Zaire launched a 39-yard pass to Will Fuller for his first Notre Dame touchdown.
This is a different kind of Hail Mary. It didn't win a game; it didn't grab a lead. It didn't even tie up the score. But, it's still a spectacular play. Tulsa was a little outmatched when No. 18 Memphis came to town, and the Golden Hurricane were trailing 35-14 as the first half wound down. Tulsa wouldn't go gently into that good night, however, and Hurricane QB Dane Evans tossed a 46-yard bomb to Keyarris Garrett to cut the Tigers lead to 14 as the clock hit all zeros. But, Memphis would maintain that lead and win the ball game 66-42.
Here's one out of Division II. Stonehill was trailing 17 points to LIU Post with only two minutes remaining on the clock, but the Skyhawks would rally to cut the Pioneers lead to four. With only five seconds left, Stonehill recovered an onside kick at the LIU 41, and Skyhawks QB Matt Foltz delivered a bomb all the way down to Corey White in the endzone to shock the Pioneers 40-37.
While this one is only from about 10 yards out, the miracle factor in this pitch and catch earns it a spot on this list. No. 3 TCU, trailing Texas Tech by four, finds themselves at fourth and goal with 26 seconds left in the game. Horned Frogs quarterback Trevone Boykin is flushed out of the pocket and heaves a pass from beyond the 10 to his favorite target Josh Doctson. However, Doctson only gets a hand on the ball, but Aaron Green caught the deflection as it sailed out of bounds and tapped both his feet in the end zone to seal the game-winning score.
Record midterm election spending. A storm surge of outside money flowing into congressional elections. The demise of self-funded political candidates.
These are but a few of the story lines that defined this most political year, in which Republicans dominated the campaign season but Democrats scored key legislative victories.
Now that 2011 is upon us, we pause to review the most notable money-in-politics events during a waning 2010, as determined by the staff of OpenSecrets.org:
1.) SUPREME COURT AXES CORPORATE POLITICAL SPENDING RESTRICTIONS
In January, the U.S. Supreme Court shocked the political universe with its ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission.
The case had started with a dispute over whether corporate-funded video-on-demand, and related promotional advertisements, could be regulated by the Federal Election Commission. It ended with a 5-4 ruling allowing corporations to spend unlimited amounts of money on both “electioneering communications” and “independent expenditures” — the legal terms for advertisements that mention or show a federal candidate and those that expressly advocate for the election or defeat of a candidate.
The decision overturned nearly a century of prohibitions on such overt corporate politicking and armed companies with the ability to spend as much as they want, whenever they want on political messages saying just about anything they want. The decision was lauded by top conservatives and many First Amendment advocates but sharply criticized by campaign finance reform groups and leading Democrats, including President Barack Obama.
Months later, Murray Hill, a Maryland-based public relations company, went so far as to launch a congressional bid in jest to protest the decision.
2.) CASH EXPANSION IN FEDERAL POLITICS
When the final reports are in, and the final dollar is tallied, two milestones will almost assuredly be passed: this year will be the most expensive every in terms of federal lobbying efforts, and this election cycle will be the most costly midterm ever — with ease.
The 2010 election cycle alone will cost an estimated $4 billion, easily surpassing the roughly $2.8 billion spent during 2006 midterms. That $4 billion figure is also comparable with the total spending during 2004 federal elections, when a presidential election was layered on top of the congressional contests also being waged.
Meanwhile, members of Congress this year reported a significant expansion in their personal wealth — an estimated 15 percent — between 2008 and 2009. Nearly half are estimated to be millionaires.
While this cash expansion isn't necessarily shocking, since money in politics routinely grows year after year, it's hardly occurring during a period of rapid economic growth when such statistics would be more understandable. Major, protracted legislative fights over health care, financial reform and energy policy served as drivers for special interests, corporations and unions keen on lobbying the federal government as much as they could.
3.) SUPER SPENDING OUTSIDE ORGANIZATIONS
During the 2010 election cycle, spending by outside groups — not including national party committees — climbed to $294 million. That's a 327 percent increase from the $69 million spent during the last midterms.
Including party committees such as the DCCC and NRCC, the total spending by outside groups was actually $479 million — a 60 percent increase above 2006 cycle levels. Such spending will likely only increase during the 2012 cycle when control of both Congress and the White House are at stake. This acceleration has been fueled, at least in part, by several recent federal court decisions that loosened campaign finance rules — including Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, SpeechNow.org v. Federal Election Commission and EMILY's List v. Federal Election Commission.
In this new legal landscape, liberal and conservative special interest groups were allowed to raise unlimited contributions from individuals, unions and corporations for expenditures that expressly advocated for or against candidates. More than 50 new “independent expenditure-only committees” — more commonly referred to as “super PACs” — registered with the FEC throughout the cycle. EMILY's List, a group that favors abortion rights, was the first group out of the gate to exploit these new fund-raising and messaging freedoms.
But by Election Day, the Karl Rove-linked conservative outfit American Crossroads towered above all other super PACs, liberal and conservative. American Crossroads pulled in $28 million this year, with 54 percent of that haul coming from just four businessmen and another third coming from corporations. Overall, conservative-aligned super PACs spent $1.30 for every $1 spent by liberal-linked ones.
4.) TEA PARTY BREWS VICTORIES FROM ANTI-INCUMBENT FERVOR
When the dust settled after the Nov. 2 election, only 85 percent of incumbent members of the U.S. House were set to return to work in January — the lowest re-election rate since 1948. Meanwhile, 85 percent of senators also retained their seats.
Throughout the year, several high-profile incumbents had been felled during their party's primaries or nominating conventions, including Sen. Bob Bennett (R-Utah), Sen. Arlen Specter (D-Pa.), Rep. Bob Inglis (R-S.C.) and Rep. Alan Mollohan (D-W.Va.). In Arkansas, Democratic Sen. Blanche Lincoln narrowly survived a primary challenger after being forced into a run-off Lt. Gov. Bill Halter, who was backed by MoveOn.org and many labor unions.
Elsewhere, moderate Rep. Mike Castle (R-Del.) was defeated in a U.S. Senate Republican primary by Christine O'Donnell, a Tea Party-favored candidate. Likewise, in Alaska's Republican primary, attorney Joe Miller, the Tea Party's choice, prevailed over incumbent Sen. Lisa Murkowski — although Murkowski mounted a successful write-in campaign during the general election to retain her seat.
In many of these races, the Tea Party Express' political action committee and other Tea Party-aligned groups played a pivotal role. While not all of the Tea Party movement's preferred candidates prevailed on Election Day, the activists helped propel a new class of incoming lawmakers, including Sen.-elect Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Sen.-elect Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), Sen.-elect Mike Lee (R-Utah) and Rep. Allen West (R-Fla).
5.) UNDISCLOSED DONORS: A RISING TIDE
The proliferation of undisclosed political spending this year was yet another major consequence of the Citizens United v. FEC ruling. It wasn't necessarily supposed to turn out that way, of course: eight Supreme Court justices signed a section of the Citizens United ruling that affirmed the value of disclosing the funders of political advertisements.
But in the months following the controversial decision, a gusher of undisclosed spending by nonprofit organizations, unions and trade associations erupted. Such groups spent nearly $130 million on advertising that either urged voters to choose sides in the 2010 election or targeted a federal candidate in the weeks immediately before primary and general elections, according to the Center for Responsive Politics' data. They did so without revealing who was financing the messages. And so long as these organizations don't have a “primary purpose” of engaging in politics, it's perfectly legal for them to occlude the people or special interests fueling their efforts with stacks of cash.
Meanwhile, Democrats, who bore the brunt of the surge in November, could only watch as the tide rose against them. Their legislative push to tighten disclosure of political spending in the wake of the court ruling — a bill called the DISCLOSE Act — sank after the party failed to close ranks and overcome staunch Republican opposition.
6.) HEALTH CARE AND FINANCIAL REFORM: SPECIAL INTEREST CATNIP
In the world of money in politics, nothing motivates big spending like the word “reform.” And there was certainly plenty of that to go around in 2010: Overhauls of the nation's health care and finance sectors were signed into law this year, and major legislative efforts were also made at cap and trade bills and even immigration.
Those efforts were like catnip — rally, really strong catnip — for special interest groups trying to protect their industries and influence reform efforts. The pharmaceutical industry, Wall Street, big oil, big business: All had banner years in political spending, spending millions upon millions of dollars in federal lobbying and campaign contributions.
Some got what they wanted, some didn't; but whether President Barack Obama signed the legislation into law or not, you better believe these groups had their fingerprints all over the outcomes.
7.) BP AND GOLDMAN SACHS: TOXIC POLITICAL ASSETS
Not all special interest groups in the financial and oil and gas industries had a strong year: BP contributed to causing one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history while the Securities and Exchange Commission accused Goldman Sachs of defrauding investors after taking a taxpayer bailout — then fined the company $550 million. In the aftermath of these corporate meltdowns, BP and Goldman Sachs could have marched their political action committee treasurers into the hall of the Capitol wearing suits stitched of money and still have been turned away.
The companies are regularly heavyweights when it comes to campaign contributions, but this year, it was hard to find any members of Congress willing to accept donations from their political action committees, after some very public disasters rendered those political donations essentially toxic.
8.) SELF-FUNDED CANDIDATES FLAIL AND FALTER
Money can't buy you love, right? It apparently can't buy you an election, either.
Time and again this cycle, candidates entered congressional races armed with millions of dollars — even tens of millions in a few notable cases — and exited with concession speeches. Fewer than one in five candidates who spent at least half a million dollars of his or her money ultimately won the office he or she sought.
Take the case of Republican Linda McMahon, the former chief executive officer of World Wrestling Entertainment who spent upward of $50 million worth of her own fortune on Connecticut's U.S. Senate race only to be power slammed at the polls by the state's Democratic attorney general, Richard Blumenthal.
Former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina? The tough-talking Republican likewise emptied her pockets of millions of dollars in a futile effort to unseat Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif).
No one, however, is more emblematic of this phenomenon than Jeff Greene, a billionaire businessman whose self-financed $24 million-plus couldn't even earn him his own Democratic party's nomination in Florida's U.S. Senate race.
Ouch.
9.) DRESS REHEARSALS FOR 2012 PRESIDENTIAL HOPEFULS
For most politicos, the 2010 midterms are an opportunity to win political office. For others, however, it's a potential dress rehearsal for what they hope to accomplish in 2012.
A number of prominent Republicans are already flirting with presidential runs, and these suitors have wasted no time wooing prospective supporters by making and taking donations, as well as traveling the nation.
Although the presidential primaries don't begin for another year, potential candidates have already been laying groundwork for possible bids and raising vast sums through leadership PACs, committees that allow politicians to raise cash and then dole it out to friends and allies.
Of the 10 leadership PACs to collect the most money since January 2009, fully half are operated by Republicans who are rumored to have presidential ambitions.
For instance, former presidential candidate and governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney raised $8.8 million during the 2010 election cycle. That's second only to Sen. Jim DeMint (R-S.C.), who have fashioned himself as a kingmaker within the Tea Party movement. Sarah Palin, the former Republican governor and John McCain's running mate in 2008, ranks third behind Romney at $5.4 million in receipts.
Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum also rank in the top 10, having pulled in about $2 million to $3 million a piece to their leadership PACs this cycle. Several other potential GOP presidential hopefuls also collected six- or seven-figure sums.
10.) CHARLIE RANGEL CENSURED BY HOUSE COLLEAGUES
Rare is the day when the U.S. House will censure one of its own, voting to shame a member for particularly unbecoming conduct.
That is, however, exactly what happened to Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.), who the House found guilty of 11 ethics violations, including failing to properly disclose his personal assets, improperly soliciting funds and tax evasion.
Rangel now also enters his 21st term stripped of the stature he once had as a leading member (and one-time chairman) of the House Ways and Means Committee.
Honorable Mention: The Abramoff Affair
If anyone was still waiting for closure eight years after the sentencing of Jack Abramoff, they probably got it in 2010. Need an accounting? Well, one of the worst corruption scandals to hit K Street was featured in not one but two movies this year — one a scathing documentary, the other a comedy. Abramoff the former super lobbyist-cum criminal was released from prison and brought to toil in a Baltimore pizza parlor. And Bob Ney, a congressman also convicted in the scandal, turned up in Tibet, where he is studying Buddhism at a monastery.
Honorable Mention: GOP Tied Up in Bondage Club Scandal
Staffing? Check. Phone banks? Check. Advertising campaign? Double check. But partying at a sex fetish club? For the Republican National Committee, nearly $2,000 such kinky expenditures surfaced in a routine accounting of its finances. To say it put RNC Chairman Michael Steele in a bind would be an understatement.
Honorable Mention: Revolving Door Between Government and Lobby Industry Spins Fast
Former high-ranking executive branch officials. Congressional staffers. Even members of Congress. Hundreds of these former public servants are now serving private clients this year, joining Washington, D.C.'s revolving door club, where governmental experience is sold to the highest special interest. Despite Obama's stated goal of curtailing this practice, the president alone has little power to stop it, since Congress is primarily responsible for creating and amending lobbying regulations.
Symantec researchers have discovered an older version of the infamous Stuxnet worm that caused the disruption at Iran's nuclear facility in Natanz: Stuxnet 0.5.
Stuxnet 0.5 is, as of now, the oldest Stuxnet version to be analyzed by security researchers, and this analysis shed some light on how the threat first came to be.
According to a whitepaper released by the researchers at RSA Conference 2013, Stuxnet 0.5 has first been detected in the wild in 2007 when someone submitted it to the VirusTotal malware scanning service, but has been in development as early as November 2005.
Unlike Stuxnet versions 1.x that disrupted the functioning of the uranium enrichment plant by making centrifuges spin too fast or too slow, this one was meant to do so by closing valves.
“Whether Stuxnet 0.5 was successful is unclear, but later versions of Stuxnet were developed using a different development framework, became more aggressive, and employed a different attack strategy that changed the speeds of the centrifuges instead instead suggesting Stuxnet 0.5 did not completely fulfill the attacker's goals,” the researchers pointed out, adding that other versions of the worm are known to exist, but have never been recovered.
Stuxnet 0.5 was also equipped with less spreading mechanism than later version – it could propagate just through infection of Siemens Step 7 project files – but could receive peer-to-peer updates.
“Stuxnet 0.5 is partly based on the Flamer platform whereas 1.x versions were based primarily on the Tilded platform. Over time, the developers appear to have migrated more towards the Tilded platform,” the researchers noted. “The developers actually re-implemented Flamer-platform components using the Tilded platform in later versions. Both the Flamer and Tilded platform code bases are different enough to suggest different developers were involved.”
Stuxnet 0.5 has also been designed to stop communicating with its C&C servers on January 11, 2009, and to stop compromising computers on July 4 of the same year. The four C&C server it contacted have since passed in other (legitimate) hands, but it's interesting to note that the C&C server domains were created in 2005 and all posed as an Internet advertising agency.
“While the discovery of Stuxnet 0.5 helps to deepen our overall understanding of Stuxnet and what its goals are, versions remain unrecovered. If these are located, they may expose other secrets behind this operation and more clues to its origins, but obtaining these other samples may prove to be next to impossible,” the researchers concluded.
For those interested in finding more about Stuxnet 0.5's payload and intended modus operandi, I suggest checking out Symantec's extensive whitepaper.
Demands: Simon Cowell has asked ITV for more money to stage the X Factor before agreeing to return to the channel
Simon Cowell plunged the future of The X Factor into crisis last night after revealing he had yet to sign a deal with ITV to bring the show back next year.
The music mogul has demanded increased investment from the broadcaster of up to £500,000 an episode.
The hit show has enjoyed record viewing figures in excess of 14 million.
This weekend's final is expected to attract 20 million, featuring performances from Robbie Williams, Michael Buble and George Michael.
The 2009 X Factor has been the most lavish series yet with the live shows costing between £1.5 -1.7 million to screen every week.
But Cowell, 50, is understood to want ITV to push the budget up to as much as £2 million an episode next year.
His own £20 million three year deal expires at the end of this month.
Speaking yesterday, the multi-millionaire - whose personal fortune stands at £130 million - said: ‘The way things stand next year we have no deal in place for The X Factor.
‘Part of the reason the show has been so successful and I credit ITV for this, is they invest money in the programme to make it better.
‘When we do a negotiation with the network it is not about salaries for the people on it. The issue is how much money are you going to invest over a period of time.
‘There are a lot of other things like what show are you going to be following, what time of night, all those sorts of things.
‘Until we resolve that, it is difficult to say [if it will return]. We have to make sure if we do bring it back, it is better than this year.'
Cowell is now expected meet with producers and ITV to finalise terms of his own deal and the future of his top-rated shows on the network in the new year.
Lavish: Production of The X-Factor costs £1.7million to put on each weekend
He added: ‘We will make the decision when we have had a break from the show. It is a long show. We will take a break, then we will sit down and talk about what we want to do [in the New Year].'
The move puts the ailing broadcaster in a difficult position as it will not want to lose one of its most popular stars and its best performing series - but it may struggle to find the extra funding.
The broadcaster has slashed more than a third of its 5,500 workforce to cut costs because of financial constraint and the budget for shows has been cut by £135million for the next two years.
Cowell's decision to publicly raise his concerns will pile pressure on the broadcaster to find a solution to ensure it returns The X Factor next year but it is expected the two sides will secure a deal.
He is currently negotiating a pay rise for appearing on American Idol from £22 million a series to around £30 million, but he is also in talks to secure a larger fee – perhaps as much as £35-40 million by taking The X Factor there.
Cowell, joined by his fellow judges, Cheryl Cole, Louis Walsh and Dannii Minogues, also criticised rival talent show, the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing claiming ‘no one was watching it' and asking “who has won it?” – even though it has not finished yet.
The BBC1 show, which has its semi-finals this weekend, pulls in audiences of 8-9 million, but has been beaten by The X Factor when the shows have gone head to head.
Cowell also said some of the shows on the public service broadcaster were ‘indulgent' and ‘boring'.
Meanwhile Cowell branded an internet campaign to try and stop the X Factor winner scoring the Christmas number one as 'stupid'.
The X Factor creator and judge said the Facebook campaign, which he saw as a personal vendetta against him, was 'cynical' and 'dismissive' of the show's viewers.
Scroll down to watch a MailOnline video report
Rage Against Reality TV: The Facebook page calling on members to prevent the X Factor winner becoming this year's Christmas number one
The Facebook group, which currently has 548,000 members, is calling for a mass purchase of Rage Against The Machine's 1992 single Killing In The Name in an attempt to make it this year's UK Christmas number one. The page was set up by two music fans, Tracy and Jon Morter, who said they would 'love to see a Christmas No.1 containing the word "f***".' It asks members to start buying the song as a download from this Sunday, the day the X Factor winner is announced. But speaking at a press conference today, Simon Cowell said: 'If there's a campaign, and I think the campaign's aimed directly at me, it's stupid. Me having a number one record at Christmas is not going to change my life particularly.'
The final three: (L-R) Olly Murs, Stacey Solomon and Joe McElderry said they are looking forward to this weekend's grand final Accompanied by his fellow judges, Dannii Minogue, Cheryl Cole and Louis Walsh, and the remaining three finalists, Stacey Solomon, Joe McElderry and Olly Murs, he added: 'It does however change these guys' lives and we put this opportunity there so that the winner of the X Factor gets the chance of having a big hit record. 'I think it's quite a cynical campaign geared at me which is actually going to spoil the party for these three. 'I also think it's incredibly dismissive of the people who watch and enjoy the show... to treat our audiences as if they're stupid and I don't like that.' The three X Factor 2009 finalists...
Geordie duo: Cheryl Cole is keeping her fingers crossed for her act this weekend
Girl power: Stacey Solomon will be giving her all for mentor Dannii Minogue
Here come the boys: Simon Cowell stands proudly next to his act Olly Murs
Speaking ahead of the impending final, Stacey said: 'I feel like this is the best week ever for pressure because we're in the final three. First, second, third. We're going to get a medal. I feel like I've come right to the end..... and the pressure's nice. I feel really relaxed and really happy.'
Joe said: 'I just hyperventilate before I go on and just put all the nerves into the performance.'
And Olly added that he was looking forward to the final, in which one act will be leaving at the end of Saturday night's show, and the final two will battle it out on Sunday.
He said: 'I'm just going to go out there and enjoy it, have fun, have a really good night.'
Cowell said apart from the winner, he had not yet made any plans in regard to who he might sign to his record label
But he praised the final three competitors and said: 'What I like about these three singers is they're the guy and girl who live next door. They haven't come from ghastly stage school backgrounds, they haven't had an awful lot of experience.
'These three people, who under normal circumstances would find it really hard to get a recording contract, suddenly have got a shot.'
And he also said no decision had been made about the next series, because a deal had yet to be finalised.
Cheryl was asked whether she would return to the show if her act Joe won the competition and how much Cowell would have to pay to keep her.
She said: 'I would actually take a few months to have a good think about it... he is (Simon) on his best behaviour... nothing to do with money.'
After outbidding a handful of teams and signing Russian free-agent center Vadim Shipachyov to a two-year, $9 million contract last week, Vegas Golden Knights general manager George McPhee told ESPN.com that he hopes negotiating the first one-way NHL contract in team history "is the start of a lot of good things."
Given that he has $68.5 million in salary-cap space (and $49.5 million to spend to get to the cap floor), McPhee will need to keep his cell phone fully charged between now and June 17, when the league's 30 other teams must turn in their list of protected players for the June 21 expansion draft.
McPhee's signing of the 30-year-old Shipachyov, who led the Kontinental Hockey League with 50 assists and was third in scoring with 76 points in 50 games, could give the Golden Knights an inside track on St. Petersburg teammates Ilya Kovalchuk and Evgeny Dadonov, both of whom are contemplating a return to the NHL.
"We're not fooling around here," McPhee said. "We hired an outstanding staff and we're going to do the same thing with players -- getting good, quality people -- and build a winner. I don't know what we're going to look like, but what I'd like to have is a team that has everything -- talent, depth, size, grit, speed, all of that. Can we do it all in Year 1? I don't know, but we're going to try."
Here are four teams that might try to entice McPhee to either take -- or, in some cases, not take -- their players leading up to the expansion draft, for which every team can protect seven forwards, three defensemen and one goaltender; or eight skaters (forwards and defensemen) and one goalie:
GM David Poile will have $17 million in cap space this summer, but much of that will go to restricted free-agent forwards Ryan Johansen, Viktor Arvidsson, Austin Watson and, perhaps, veteran unrestricted free-agent center Mike Fisher. To make room, the Predators might want the Golden Knights to take either forward Craig Smith (3 years, $4.25 million per) or Colin Wilson (2 years, $3.94 million per) off their hands. If McPhee can get an extra draft pick or two, he might be willing to make a deal.
Will Scott Hartnell waive a no-movement clause in his contract that would require the Blue Jackets to protect the veteran winger? Kirk Irwin/Getty Images
Winger Scott Hartnell is an established locker-room leader, but after his production dipped from 23 goals and 49 points in 2015-16 to 13 goals and 37 points this season, will the 35-year-old be worth the $4.75 million he'll make in each of the next two years? Hartnell has a no-movement clause, but the Blue Jackets have three promising centers -- Alexander Wennberg, William Karlsson and Matt Calvert -- whom they'd like to protect. If McPhee passes on Hartnell, an additional draft pick from Columbus might be enough for him to take Calvert instead of Wennberg or Karlsson in the expansion draft.
With defensemen Ryan Suter, Jared Spurgeon and Matt Dumba likely to be protected, the Wild could lose one of their impressive bottom three blueliners -- Jonas Brodin (4 years, $4.16 million per), Marco Scandella (3 years, $4 million) or Christian Folin, a restricted free agent. Would the Wild be willing to give up forward Jason Zucker (1 year, $2 million) to protect one of those defensemen?
San Jose is another team staring down the barrel of the salary cap. With eight roster openings and just $18 million in projected cap space, the Sharks need to decide what to do with popular free-agents-to-be Joe Thornton and Patrick Marleau. Each of them is 37 years old, and together they took up $13.4 million in cap space. Looking ahead, the Sharks are one year away from needing to sign defenseman Marc-Edouard Vlasic and goaltender Martin Jones to long-term deals. Would they look to trade the negotiating rights to Thornton or Marleau to Las Vegas, creating an instant Pacific Division rivalry?
McPhee said he will meet with his pro scouting staff on Monday and will begin returning calls to rival general managers after that meeting.
"It's been pretty quiet, but it's starting to pick up," he said. "After May 15 we'll circle back and talk then."
For some years now a fight has been going on between those who ascribe to the notion that people struggling with “out of control” sexual behaviors should be labeled “sex addicts” (and treated under the same protocols as other types of addicts), and those who believe such people must be understood and treated in a more psychotherapeutic way—one that is more sexually informed.
Recently, the American Association of Educators, Counselors and Therapists (AASECT), founded in 1967, released a historic statement about asserting that it:
1) Does not find sufficient empirical evidence to support the classification of sex or as a mental disorder, and
2) Does not find the sexual addiction training, treatment methods and educational pedagogies to be adequately informed by accurate human sexuality knowledge. Therefore, it is the position of AASECT that linking problems related to sexual urges, thoughts or behaviors to a /sexual addiction process cannot be advanced by AASECT as a standard of practice for sexuality delivery, counseling or .
As the leading national body of sexuality educators, counselors and therapists, AASECT does, however, recognize that people may experience significant physical, psychological, and sexual health consequences related to their sexual urges, thoughts or behaviors. How to help clients deal with and manage and characterize these inclinations is at the heart of the dispute mentioned above.
I was a certified “sex addiction therapist” for many years before I began discovering that there were other ways of sexual behavior, mainly through the sex therapy training and supervision I received in my involvement with AASECT. This is where I began to see the importance of labels in how we treat clients.
Let me offer some examples of how my views evolved from the sex addiction model into what I now believe to be a more nuanced and realistic view of sexual behavior, and how labels—words—make a difference.
* Progression vs evolution. The sexual addiction therapist would likely label a person's growing sexual desires as “progression,” that is, like the person who progresses from the occasional beer in a night to four beers to a keg, and so on. He would try to raise a sense of urgency in the client by convincing him that he is moving to the next level, a more dangerous entrenchment of the client's pathological addiction.
The sex therapist, on the other hand, would more likely call this “evolution,” that is, the natural tendency to explore and include further sexual practices as the client delves more deeply into their core sexual script. Rather than pathologizing the behavior as addiction, something to build a bulwark against, the therapist helps the client by helping to lessen the stigma he may feel around his behavior, and help him to accept it as part of himself and manage the behavior so that it doesn't become destructive in his life.
We need to understand that everyone's sexuality evolves. For instance, I have had women clients who have discovered their husband's hidden sexual urges and behaviors tell me that they would rather think of their husband as a “sex addict” rather than a “pervert” (Men have told me the same thing). As a sex therapist, I help them understand that just because a behavior wasn't part of the original contract, it doesn't make it wrong or perverse. In truth, we all need to make room for the reality that our erotic desires evolve. Quite frequently as we grow, we experience changes in what arouses us, that what turned us on as a teenager or as a newlywed has lost a bit of its sparkle. We may see something in online porn or read something in a book that we never knew was so erotic, and we feel the urge to experiment with it.
* Loss of control vs feeling out of control. Whereas a sex addiction therapist may talk about the client's dangerous “loss of control,” and lead him down the path of addiction treatment (admitting inability to control, abstinence, etc.), the sex therapist would lead the client to explore the behavior—why it is there, what are its roots, and if his “feeling out of control” is due to not understanding or accepting that it may just be another erotic part of his life that is wanting expression.
* Failed attempts to stop or cut down vs not wanting to stop. In the addiction model, not being able to stop the behavior, or returning to it after trying to abstain, is considered backsliding, proof of pathological dependency, a failure, or character weakness, and efforts to fight the addiction are redoubled. The client is told, “Once an addict, always an addict,” and made to believe that he must never give in to the addiction, and make every effort to cut out the offending part of his psyche or starve it to death by not feeding it. This is what
Doug Braun-Harvey and Michael Vigorito, psychotherapists and co-authors of Treating Out of Control Sexual Behaviors: Rethinking Sex Addiction, call “eroticectomy,” a label I can agree with.
In sex therapy, on the other hand, we must consider if the client really wants or needs to stop the “unwanted” behavior or if it is coming from from something or someone else. Maybe they are fighting an inner battle against how they see themselves or how they think they need to be because of their or culture. Maybe they are attempting to expunge urges that are quite normal for them, such as if they are kinky or sexually fluid but have inner or outer restraints against such expression due to a partner, family, religion or their society.
It is not, “Once an addict …” but rather letting the client know that he or she may always have this erotic interest, that it is part of their core sexual script. Then it becomes the therapist's task to help the person be honest with himself and his partner, to take responsibility for his sexuality, to own it, become a changed self, and not place the blame on, or surrender authority over his sexuality to, his partner, religion or culture.
Though it has become deeply imbedded in our culture, the “sexual addiction” label tries to be an easy answer to a complex problem of human sexuality. The term is a cultural myth, a convenient and superficial term to describe disapproved sex, a way to put the behavior in a pathology box and proceed to a push a standard treatment method that has largely proven effective for chemical dependencies such as or drug addiction.
However, it is clear to me and to other sex therapists—as well as other therapists in general-- that the label is outdated, and should be relegated to history.
Just a few simple ingredients can help settle a child's stomach and bring a smile to their face.
Danielle Cook's oldest son was only 11 years old when he was diagnosed with stage three Hodgkins lymphoma, a type of cancer that affects the immune system. “There was a huge sense of powerlessness and great sadness,” remembers Cook, a mother of three who worked for years as a cooking demonstration instructor in the Washington, D.C., area.
Cook, who now also works as a holistic nutritionist, relentlessly looked for answers in food. After months of making special recipes, she saw her son go from a “worn, depressed, tired kid to a healthy adolescent,” she says. Drawing from her experience, she founded Happily Hungry, a program that consists of cooking workshops geared towards hospitalized kids battling cancer and other illnesses.
Watch the video above to see how Cook helps patients and families deal with some of the negative side effects that accompany various medical treatments.
Simple Cooking: Crispy Skin Chicken
By Caitlin Klein in Food on Aug 8, 2012 4:00PM
Something we care about deeply, in addition to rising gas prices and the war on drugs, is crispy chicken skin. Good skin can elevate a chicken breast or thigh from “thanks for cooking tonight, honey” to “ALL HAIL MASTER CHEF _________!” [Insert your name here. Or mine.]
We've fried chickens, grilled chickens, baked chickens, roasted chickens, and rotisseried (is that a word?) chickens, but this double-cast iron skillet is the best method for getting really, truly, crispy chicken skin.
Chicagoist's Crispy Skin Chicken (Serves 2, or 1 very hungry person)
You'll need:
½ chicken, cut down the backbone*
1 ½ Tablespoons coarse sea salt
1 Tablespoon black pepper
3 Tablespoons plus 1 Tablespoon olive oil
2 cast iron pans**
*You can also make this recipe with a whole chicken - cut down the backbone and flatten out so you have a butterflied image of the chicken shown in the pictures. A whole chicken should serve 4 people, or 2-3 big eaters.**If you don't have a second cast iron pan, you can use a brick wrapped in aluminum foil, or something else that's heavy and oven-safe.
Directions:
1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
2. Rub the chicken with 1 Tablespoon olive oil. Coat generously with the coarse salt and black pepper.
3. In a cast-iron skillet, heat 3 Tablespoons olive oil on medium high. The oil is ready when you flick a drop of water into it, and it sizzles.
4. Turn on your vent fan. This is about to get crazy.
5. Using tongs so you don't burn your precious little forearms, place the chicken skin side down into the skillet. Hear the sizzle. The sizzle is good.
6. Place the second cast-iron skillet over the chicken, pressing down so the maximum amount of chicken skin is touching the pan.
7. Allow the chicken to sear this way for 3-4 minutes. Lift off the top skillet and check the skin. Is it getting brown? Good. Replace the skillet and sear for 3-4 minutes more, or until the skin is a dark, golden color.
8. Place the chicken (and yes, both skillets) into the oven and finish cooking for 20-25 minutes. The chicken is ready when the insides are no longer pink and the juices run clear.
9. Allow the chicken to rest for 5-10 minutes before cutting into it for serving.
The drippings left over in the pan can be used to make an excellent gravy.
It was called #CensusFail. There were privacy concerns, calls for a boycott, and when the big night came around, millions of Australians couldn't lodge their census forms online.
The nation's biggest compulsory survey turned into a big stuff up. Or did it?
The Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) hasn't yet referred anyone for prosecution for not completing the 2016 Census, despite expectations an unprecedented number would opt out.
Anyone who failed to complete the Census form faces penalties of up to $180 for each day past the Census period. In a submission to the Senate inquiry in September, the ABS said more than 6,700 people had refused to complete the 2016 Census.
This 2016 figure was substantially less than the 13,194 refusals in 2011.
Exact figures will be available in June, with the full release of Census data, as well as the results of the Post Enumeration Survey - a short survey run in the month after each Census to provide an independent assessment of the completeness of the Census.
But the ABS has said the signs are good.
"It is not possible to be certain but the ABS is reasonably confident that the non-response rates to the 2016 Census questions should be at least no worse than the relatively low level in 2011," the ABS said in the September submission to the Senate inquiry.
The ABS's confidence in low rates of non-compliance may come as a surprise after widespread reports of people boycotting the name-and-address requirement of the form. High-profile boycotters included three senators: Nick Xenophon and the Greens' Scott Ludlam and Sarah Hanson-Young. There was talk the quality of the census data would be ruined because of non-compliance.
Again, we don't have the full figures yet, but in its submission to the Senate inquiry the ABS said the boycott had not happened. "Early investigations have shown low rates of non-response to the 'name' question, and the estimated rates of non-response to selected other questions for 2016 is generally less than the rates of non-response in 2011."
"... the ABS is reasonably confident that the non-response rates to the 2016 Census questions should be at least no worse than the relatively low level in 2011."
Could I still get fined?
After the Census, ABS field officers knock on the doors of anyone who has not completed the form, including those who refused to give their name. The door-knocking was to begin two weeks after the August 9 Census date. If you haven't yet heard from the ABS - five months after the Census date - there's a good chance you have avoided a fine.
Here's a rough timeline for how this works:
Field officers may visit a household multiple times, and if the person continues to refuse to complete the Census, the ABS may then refer the case to the Commonwealth Department of Public Prosecutions (CDPP). The CDPP pursues the fine.
The CDPP told Hack it had not received any referrals from the ABS in relation to the 2016 Census. The ABS referred 78 cases in 2011, and 266 in 2006.
If you have heard from the ABS, but haven't yet been fined, you may still be prosecuted depending on the overall quality of the census data. "A decision on referring matters regarding individuals not providing a full response to the census will be made in the context of the impact on the quality of the census," the ABS said in a submission to the Senate inquiry.
A spokesman told Hack on Wednesday the ABS "continues to assess instances of non-response relating to the 2016 Census ... this is an ongoing process."
"The ABS may refer cases to the CDPP for consideration."
'Emphasis on fines caused many Australians distress'
But then few people are ever prosecuted for not giving their name. ABS head David Kalisch told the Senate inquiry the ABS rarely pursued people for not answering all the compulsory questions (all the questions are compulsory except the one about your religion). "We have had aspects of item nonresponse in the census in past years...aspects such as income, occupation, age, country of birth ... In most of those cases, I am not aware that we have prosecuted people."
This kind of moderate language may come as a surprise given the widespread impression failure to give a name could result in a fine.
ID Consulting, a private demographics company, made a submission to the inquiry saying the ABS emphasised the fines for non-completion of the census in 2016 far more than in earlier years. "The increased emphasis on fines resulted in a lot of public confusion and fear when the online site went down," it said. "Many elderly people with no access to a paper form were terrified of receiving fines and just wanted to do the right thing."
Who was talking about fines? Not us, the ABS told the inquiry. It said it was mainly the fault of the media and social media. On Census night, when the system went down, the ABS made it clear there were no fines for completing the Census late.
But there may have been mixed messages. According to administrative law expert Kathryn Miller, in her own submission, the ABS website plainly stated the refusal to complete the census could result in fines of $180 per day and a criminal conviction.
The Senate committee didn't lay any blame, but agreed that "prominent discussions of the prospects of fines appear to have caused many Australians distress."
It recommended the ABS develop a "clear communications strategy outlining the outcomes for non-compliance with the census, including the resolution process." It also found the ABS should state the maximum value of fines (right now it's $180 per day, indefinitely). "The committee considers that the prospect of a penalty of unknown size to be unfair, and disproportionate to the harm caused by the small levels of census non-participation."
News the ABS has not yet referred anyone to prosecution may also help settle the nerves of anyone waiting for a knock on the door.
The reasons for the increased death rate are not the usual things that kill Americans, like diabetes and heart disease. Rather, it's suicide, alcohol and drug poisonings, and alcohol-related liver disease.
The least-educated are worst off: All-cause mortality among middle-aged Americans with a high-school degree or less increased by 134 deaths per 100,000 people between 1999 and 2013, but there was little change in mortality for people with some college. The death rate for the college-educated fell slightly.
Causes of Increased Mortality
White Americans in this age category are also experiencing worse self-reported health, the authors write, and one in three say they experience chronic joint pain.
The PNAS analysis represents a confluence of several public-health disasters that have slammed white Baby Boomers in recent years.
Deaths from drug overdoses among people aged 45 through 64 increased 11-fold between 1990 and 2010, and nearly 90 percent of people who try heroin for the first time these days are white. (Most found heroin through prescription painkillers, which treat the chronic pain this age group struggles with, but can also make it worse.)
In January, a CDC Vital Signs report found that alcohol poisoning kills more than 2,200 Americans a year, three-quarters of them adults aged 35 to 64. A 2012 Health Affairs study found that life expectancy for white, female high-school dropouts has fallen so much over the past 18 years that these women are now expected to die five years younger than their mothers did.
Obviously, no one can be blamed for his own addiction or depression. But the causes of death this study highlights are the kinds of things—drinking, doping, suicide—that people who feel good about their lives don't tend to do.
So, what's eating less-educated Boomers?
One persuasive explanation, and one the researchers put forth, is financial strain. Jobs in fields like manufacturing and construction, which were historically filled by people without college degrees, have been evaporating quickly over the past 15 years. As I've written previously, less-educated people are more likely to be unemployed and to make less, so they struggle to afford things like therapy, gym memberships, and recreation that isn't drugs. Without jobs, they may lack the social networks and sense of purpose that have shown to reduce mortality.
Nearly half of Americans in their 40s and 50s don't have enough money saved for retirement to live as they're accustomed to, even if they work until they're 65. All of this is crashing down on Boomers, who were raised on the promise of the American Dream.
As Deaton and his co-author, his wife and fellow Princeton economist Anne Case, put it, “After the productivity slowdown in the early 1970s, and with widening income inequality, many of the baby-boom generation are the first to find, in midlife, that they will not be better off than were their parents.”
Drone traffic control system test gets thumbs up
The Federal Aviation Administration, NASA and drone enthusiasts across the country are celebrating the success of first real test of a low-altitude traffic monitoring system for unmanned aircraft. NASA's UAS traffic management (UTM) project demonstrated its first-stage capability, involving flights in rural environments associated with agriculture, firefighting and infrastructure monitoring. The successful April 19 demo involved the simultaneous flight of 22 drones from several sites.
“NASA extensively tested Technical Capability Level One and worked very closely with the FAA test sites, and the UTM research platform performed well,” Parimal Kopardekar, manager of NASA's Safe Autonomous Systems Operations project and UTM lead, said. "This test would not have been possible without the six FAA test sites -- it was a collaborative effort to ensure a successful test."
“The software performed wonderfully, providing much-needed data and pointing toward open questions for the research community to address as we work to safely integrate unmanned aircraft into the National Airspace System,” added Richard C. Kelley, chief engineer for the Nevada Advanced Autonomous Systems Innovation Center.
“The tests went really, really well. I think a lot of good data was gathered -- a lot of good lessons learned,” Kevin Gallagher, CEO of Simulyze, an operational intelligence and technology application company, told GCN. Simulyze supported two of the FAA test sites that participated in the UTM demonstration last week.
“The other test sites used…a standalone client for each ground station to interface into the UTM system. We actually built an enterprise-level solution so that all the aircraft from a test site could come into one system, be managed and be worked as an integrated set of flights and then be able to interact directly with the NASA UTM system as a single entity -- as opposed to individual ground stations kind of talking directly to the UTM system,” Gallagher said.
The objective of last week's tests was to demonstrate how the UTM would perform, what the workflow looked like and how to coordinate operational support, Gallagher said. Eventually, operators will put in their intentions and UAS flight plans so regulators can provide information -- such as what's nearby and if they are deviating from their flight plan -- back to operators so they can take appropriate actions.
NASA's UTM system is designed purely for research, to give the FAA information it needs so it can proceed with a regulatory framework, Gallagher said. NASA will turn over its research to the FAA in 2019, meaning a final product or framework for traffic monitoring is still some time off.
The UTM demonstrations will get increasingly harder with each technical capability, with the recent rural operational test being the least complex. “Each phase is going to be a little bit harder,” Gallagher said.
"The next test -- the Technical Capability Level Two -- is going to look at things like beyond-line-of-sight operations.”
NASA is gearing up for that next capability test -- slated for October -- by enhancing its UTM research platform to accommodate these operations, Gallagher said. Additional technical areas to be tested include “cooperative and uncooperative UAS tracking” over moderately populated areas (planned for January 2018) and the final level, set for 2019, involving UAS operation in higher-density urban areas.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
When Congressman Steve Cohen heard Donald Trump's awful response to Nazi violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, he knew he had to act.
“Instead of unequivocally condemning hateful actions by neo-Nazis, white nationalists and Klansmen following a national tragedy,” said the Tennessee Democrat, “the President said ‘there were very fine people on both sides.' There are no good Nazis. There are no good Klansmen.”
Cohen's conclusion, as a congressman who has accepted responsibility for oversight of constitutional concerns, is that “the president must be impeached and removed from office.” He went on:
President Trump has failed the presidential test of moral leadership. No moral president would ever shy away from outright condemning hate, intolerance and bigotry. No moral president would ever question the values of Americans protesting in opposition of such actions, one of whom was murdered by one of the white nationalists. Senator John McCain rightfully tweeted this week that there was ‘no moral equivalency between racists and Americans standing up to defy hate.' Senator Marco Rubio tweeted, ‘Very important for the nation to hear @potus describe events in #Charlottesville for what they are, a terror attack by #whitesupremacists.' President Trump has shown time and time again that he lacks the ethical and moral rectitude to be President of the United States. Not only has he potentially obstructed justice and potentially violated the Constitution's Foreign Emoluments Clause, but he has also shown that he is incapable or unwilling to protect Americans from enemies, foreign and domestic. Neo-Nazis and the KKK are domestic terrorists. If the President can't recognize the difference between these domestic terrorists and the people who oppose their anti-American attitudes, then he cannot defend us.
Cohen is right to address the threat in a smart and serious way, by turning to the remedy that the founders of the American experiment established for dealing with presidents who fail the test of moral leadership: impeachment.
In his statement outlining his reasons for proposing articles of impeachment, Cohen quoted Martin Niemöller, the Protestant theologian who famously recalled the rise of Adolph Hitler and German fascism with the lines:
First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out—
because I was not a Socialist. Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out—
because I was not a Trade Unionist. Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—
because I was not a Jew. Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me.
As a Jewish congressman representing a district with a large African-American population, Cohen concluded:
This is a warning we feel obligated to make even though we do not condone forgery. We just don't want foreign students enrolled in Chinese universities to miss their graduation. We also think everyone deserves a second chance to do the right thing. So buckle up and read on…
After some deliberation we have decided to warn all the foreigners now teaching in China that if you sent email to eslinsider.com or even visited their web site more than once over the last 6 months, you will soon be investigated by the Chinese PSB as we recently found out in an unexpected interview we obtained with a veteran Captain who has worked more than 8 years with the PSB in a Tier 1 city of China.
They are now hip to the bad advice ESLinsider has been giving wannabe teachers to use fake documents (diplomas and TEFL certificates) after recently arresting a teacher from America who spilled her guts to avoid a felony conviction and deportation four months before her wedding to her Chinese boyfriend. They are also looking to arrest another expat named “Magnuson” who the Captain promises will spend at least 2-3 year behind bars for forgery and “disrespecting the people of China” (not sure if that is a real crime or not). But to put it mildly, the government is a bit pissed to learn that one-third of the foreign teachers now working in China are not “teachers” at all and have used fake documents to obtain their visas. Now they are on a mission.
http://www.realscam.com/f8/2016-esl-tefl-scam-alert-chinese-security-psb-promise-deport-3-000-fake-foreign-teachers-phony-diplomas-4455/
If you or anyone you care about is now working in China with a fake diploma, TEFL certificate or do not have a Z visa, warn them that the crackdown will be starting on March 1st, 2016 and they may want to depart China voluntarily until they get themselves legal or find another legal way to remain in China. But our PSB contact says they have been given a 500 member task force and have a mandate “from the top” to investigate 50% of all foreign teachers now working in China, and everyone who had contact with ESLinsider.
This whole mess began when the wife of a Vice-Mayor leaned that her son's foreign tutor could not remember what city his university was located in and when she had a lawyer inquire with the registrar's office of Arizona State University was told that the tutor never attended their uni. The young man was arrested and when police visited his apartment, also met his girlfriend who tried to run away. Upon checking his phone and email records they learned about ESLInsider and things began to snowball. The mother shared the incident on her wei xin and over 2,000 mothers complained to the Ministry of Education. Now the witch hunt has begun.
BTW… There are many online universities that may be legal abroad, but not in China. So check to see if your university is listed here >>> http://www.chinaforeignteachersunion.com/2014/09/warning-safea-psb-and-ministry-of.html. And as always, if you are caught working on an L, F, M, or X visa, you will also be arrested. Even if you only tutor part-time in China you MUST have a Z Visa.
As in the past, the PSB is expected to publish a number of phony ESL & TEFL job ads (usually with high salaries to bait people) at The Beijinger, Echinacities, Sinocities, and ESLCafe where they can blend in. Those selected for a phony interview will be asked to bring their passport, diploma, and TEFL certificate to the interview. If you are not 100% legal you will not leave the interview, which is usually held at a coffee shop or upscale hotel. The last PSB sting used the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Beijing. If you are legit you will be advised to expect a call back and asked for 3 references. THOSE THREE REFERENCES WILL THEN BE INVITED TO APPLY FOR A 20,000 TEACHING POSITION and the cycle repeats itself. http://www.scam.com/showthread.php?620902-Echinacities-com-Classified-China-Foreign-Teacher-Job-Ads-A-Clever-Scam
The PSB is also promoting a REWARD PROGRAM using local Chinese teacher aides. Those who report fake teachers are paid 10,000 yuan rewards which are double their monthly salary. 5 Disney teachers were all arrested because of their TA who resigned and reportedly now works for Webb International. See http://eslwatch.info/eslwatch-forum/china/76-china-foreign-teachers-unite-report-fake-unqualified-teachers-to-the-psb.html
It took us almost 6 months to arrange this interview but it was well-worth the wait. Amongst other things we learned from “Captain Wang” (Not his real name btw) that indeed a China Teachers blacklist is still being maintained by SAFEA, but he said “most all the principals have access to it”. He wanted to “clarify” that the “reward program” is not “new” but has become popular again because the local Chinese economy is now in crawl mode and the reward amount was boosted to 10,000 rmb – about double what a Chinese Teacher's Aide earns these days. He further confirmed they were “tipped” about Disney English and two other chains they are about to bust (he didn't tell us more than that). I met Wang back in 2012 under some awkward circumstances, but we have since become friends. In the last three years the man has never lied to me and I respect him for that. He agreed to cooperate with my interview request only “to help stop the crazy foreigners from getting themselves a criminal record for some really stupid things.” (rough translation – his English as bad as my Chinese)
If arrested you can expect to be jailed for 30 days, forced to pay a $2,000 fine and then be deported with a felony conviction if you refuse to hand-write a “letter of apology to the people of China” (not kidding). If you are too proud to write the letter, you go home as a convicted felon.
Do not underestimate the PSB nor Chinese “friends” who could use a quick 10,000 or feel they are doing their patriotic duty to have you investigated. Of course, if you are legal, you have nothing to worry about. All others… you have been warned.
Advertisements
This article is over 2 years old
In series of tweets, president-elect warns of a 35% tax on products sold inside US by companies that shift work overseas
President-elect Donald Trump on Sunday threatened heavy taxes as retribution for US companies that move their business operations overseas and still try to sell their product to Americans.
'Putting lipstick on a pig': experts on why Obama is lending Trump a hand Read more
In a series of tweets early on Sunday – which followed a much-discussed tweet criticising Saturday Night Live after a sketch that said the president-elect tweeted too much – Trump promised a 35% tax on products sold inside the US by any business that fired American workers and built a new factory or plant in another country.
Since his election victory, Trump has used Twitter to make statements on policy, often in an apparent attempt to change the subject of media conversation.
On Friday, he used the social media site to answer criticism of a phone conversation with the president of Taiwan that broke with nearly 40 years of diplomatic protocol and prompted an official complaint from China.
The businessman campaigned on a vow to help American workers but also to reduce taxes and regulations on businesses.
On Sunday morning he returned to such well-trodden themes, using Twitter to say: “There will be a tax on our soon-to-be strong border of 35% for these companies wanting to sell their product, cars, AC units, etc, back across the border.”
This week, his transition team heralded a deal with Carrier, a manufacturer of air-conditioning units which planned to close an Indiana plant and move jobs and manufacturing to Mexico.
Trump claimed credit for the deal in which Indiana state officials agreed to give United Technologies $7m worth of tax breaks to encourage the company to keep around 1,000 jobs at its Carrier unit in Indianapolis.
Critics pointed out that Carrier would still send an estimated 1,300 jobs south of the border.
Saturday Night Live review: Emma Stone shines as real Donald Trump weighs in Read more
On Saturday, Senator Bernie Sanders said Trump's deal with Carrier set a “very dangerous precedent” of having taxpayers subsidize multibillion dollar corporations to “beg them” to keep jobs in the country.
He also challenged Trump over a subsequent tweet that expressed anger at plans by another company, Rexnord, to shift jobs away from Indiana and outside the US.
“Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers,” Trump said in that tweet. “This is happening all over our country. No more!”
In answer, Sanders tweeted: “What are you going to do, @realDonaldTrump? Stand up for working people or give the company a massive tax break?”
On Sunday, Trump said companies should be “forewarned prior to making a very expensive mistake”.
Courtesy of Warner Bros.
Blame the trolls: IMDb, the Amazon-owned website that provides movie, TV and celebrity content, has decided to shut down its message boards because they're “no longer providing a positive, useful experience” for the vast majority of its users.
“As part of our ongoing effort to continually evaluate and enhance the customer experience on IMDb, we have decided to disable IMDb's message boards on February 20, 2017,” IMDb said in a notice posted on its site on Friday. “We regret any disappointment or frustration IMDb message board users may experience as a result of this decision.”
The shutdown also means IMDb's private-messaging system will be disabled on Monday, Feb. 20. The website said the decision to kill off the message boards came “only after careful consideration and was based on data and traffic.”
Amazon, which acquired IMDb in 1998, says the site has more than 250 million monthly users worldwide.
The website said part of the decision was driven by the fact that users have migrated to IMDb's social-media accounts as the main forums for comments and communication with IMDb editors and other users. It currently has 6.9 million followers on its Facebook page and nearly 3 million for its official Twitter account.
According to IMDb, it plans to launch new features in 2017 to help users “communicate and express themselves in meaningful ways,” but it didn't provide details on what those might be.
Orlando City SC added some interesting players to its roster moving towards the 2017 Major League Soccer season, but the Lions might also get important help from a very familiar face. Starting his second season with the club, Italian midfielder Antonio Nocerino is expected to take a step forward and turn into a valuable asset for Head Coach Jason Kreis.
The 31-year-old midfielder had a weak start in his first months with the Lions after joining the club in February 2016, but displayed some glimpses of talent as the season went on. As the team works in preseason, Nocerino seems more settled and committed to the club, which hopefully will lead to more productivity on the field.
“I stayed in Orlando and worked every day for the new season. This season is very important for each of us and we are working harder to have a good season”, he said about his off-season in an interview with OCSC staff last week.
With a remarkable resume and looking motivated as never before in Orlando, Nocerino can be useful to the Lions while performing at least three roles:
Leading the Team
The Italian is a seasoned player, with 13 years of experience in Europe, mostly in his home country, but also with a short stint in England. He played for the Italian national team as well and was part of his country's roster during the 2012 European Championship. Going straight to the point, Kaká is the only player on the Lions roster that matches his career trajectory.
Nocerino is mostly used as a midfielder and his central position on the field is extremely favorable for a leader, as he is reasonably close to every other player on the team. As we discussed earlier this week, Kaká needs other voices helping him to lead the team on the field and, even though he seems to reject this role, the Italian could definitely be someone to step up on that.
“I don't know if I'm a leader, people say that because I'm old and have experience. I prefer not saying if I'm a leader or not, but actually helping my team and then if people want to say I'm a leader, it's ok”.
With his Passing Ability
During the last couple of years, Orlando City had Kevin Molino, a quick midfielder who was able to create goal chances from the wings. With the Trinidadian's departure and Brek Shea struggling to be effective and getting limited playing time, the Lions are expected to replace speed with ball possession in 2017.
As a center midfielder, Nocerino is expected to play a big role on this matter alongside Kaká, Matias Perez Garcia, and Will Johnson, other talented passers who are expected have the ball a lot on their feet. Holding a respectable 81.4% passing accuracy rate, the Italian could easily become an important player to the team if he does a good job on dictating the tempo.
He showed some glimpses of it last year, spreading the ball in an intelligent and efficient manner. Nocerino will not record remarkable goals or assists numbers, but the Italian could play a key role for Orlando if he makes the most of his passing skills.
Relieving the Pressure on his Teammates
Maybe it was the rough start, perhaps the issue with a fan, or possibly even the limited English skills, but the truth is Nocerino was not comfortable in Orlando City in 2016. The Italian clearly didn't connect well with the club or the players until the end of the season, when his playing time increased.
Orlando City is expected to be under high pressure in 2017 as the team failed to make the playoffs in its two first MLS seasons and will inaugurate its brand new downtown stadium. Such pressure could impact the younger players of the roster and the veterans have an important role in preventing that.
One recent example that showed Nocerino's engagement with his teammates was a video that went viral during preseason that showed the Italian singing out loud with other players while he drove them to practice. Things like that make the routine lighter and are important in making the young players more comfortable.
A desperate-sounding email purportedly received by a woman from Hillary Clinton's campaign during the New Hampshire primary spawned a flurry of memes and tweets mocking the candidate.
The email from HillaryClinton.com asks that the woman, identified only as Maddi, donate a dollar:
“After tonight's results roll in, keep this in mind: most of the country casts their primary ballots by the middle of March.
“We absolutely, critically need to make sure Hillary comes out on top in the states that lie ahead.”
But it's the last line that has people gleefully tweeting:
“I'm not kidding, Maddi, I'm asking you to give $1 right this second.”
While the email has not been authenticated, social media users were having a lot of fun with it. Here are a few tweets with the #ImNotKiddingMaddi hashtag:
so proud to have been in the Dank Meme thread when #ImNotKiddingMaddi became a thing. watching history happen. pic.twitter.com/Zj6xZtPVj0 — Ian Aleksander Adams (@ianaleksander) February 10, 2016
Asking for 1$ donations to better her average dollar contributed after wall street's millions… #ImNotKiddingMaddi pic.twitter.com/3F9ZMbUpi9 — C.S. Moore (@Author_CSMoore) February 10, 2016
#ImNotKiddingMaddi I wonder if @HillaryClinton‘s trying to drive down her individual donation avg or get a McChicken pic.twitter.com/5nAoVLfzim — David Gedert (@DavidOfDoom) February 10, 2016
@HillaryClinton is trying to get a dollar while she's getting paid for speaches #imnotkiddingmaddi pic.twitter.com/iAIkA17F0P — Jay Strange! (@johnystrange) February 10, 2016
Lols she only wanted a dollar Matti… #Imnotkiddingmaddi you should help a fellow woman OUT (of the race that is!) pic.twitter.com/Z0eSPRHOaX — Reni (@GDeadSunglasses) February 10, 2016
The memes seem to have originated in the comedic Facebook group “Bernie Sanders Dank Memes Stash,” where people post humorous images featuring the socialist presidential candidate, according to the Telegraph.
Sanders outpolled Clinton by about 20 percent in Tuesday's New Hampshire primary.
The United States on Wednesday condemned the terrorist attack by a Palestinian who rammed his car into pedestrians in Jerusalem, killing a baby.
“We express our deepest condolences to the family of the baby, reportedly an American citizen, who was killed in this despicable attack,” State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement.
“We urge all sides to maintain calm and avoid escalating tensions in the wake of this incident.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The US State Department would not confirm to the Times of Israel that the baby, Chaya Zissel Braun, was a US citizen.
Six other people were injured in the incident, which took place in the early evening. Israeli police called it a “hit and run terror attack.”
The terrorist later died from his injuries.
State Dept statement on Jerusalem terrorist attack today which killed 3 months old baby an American citizen. pic.twitter.com/DtZ28yrRrc — Israel News Feed (@IsraelHatzolah) October 22, 2014
It was the second such deadly incident in three months, prompting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to immediately order an increase in police presence across the city.
The killer, identified as Abed Abdelrahman Shaludeh, a Palestinian from Silwan in east Jerusalem, died from his injuries early on Thursday, the Shaarei Tzedek hospital said.
The 21-year-old had been shot and wounded as he tried to flee the scene, police spokeswoman Luba Samri said.
During the early evening attack, the car was driven at top speed into pedestrians near the Ammunition Hill tram stop.
Seven people were hurt, including three-month-old Chaya Zissel Braun, who later died, said Hadassah hospital. She was buried on Wednesday evening.
Samri described the incident as a “hit and run terror attack” — the second in the area in just under three months.
During the most recent incident in August, a Palestinian man rammed a bus with an excavator, killing one Israeli and injuring five. Police shot the driver dead.
‘Missed us by centimeters'
Witnesses of Wednesday's attack said the car ploughed into the crowd at great speed.
“We saw a car coming from the north at full speed,” said Eli Dayan. “We realised something was going on. He missed us by a few centimetres.”
Footage of the incident posted on YouTube showed a car driving at full speed off the main road and down the pavement where people were standing as two trams passed each other.
Another clip shot on a cellphone showed the driver lying on the ground in a T-shirt and ripped jeans as a man pointed a gun at him.
Major U.S. companies are distancing themselves from like-named charities that were just revealed to have donated millions to a liberal, anti-Trump group.
The 2015 tax documents of the Center for Community Change, which does not disclose donors, were obtained and published this week by The Washington Free Beacon. Those documents reveal past contributions from charitable organizations like the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and the Ford Foundation.
In response to the reported donations, representatives of companies with historical ties to them, like the Kellogg Company and Ford Motor Company, are emphasizing that they have nothing to do with the contributions and are separate entities.
DONORS TO ANTI-TRUMP 'RESISTANCE' GROUP REVEALED
The Ford Foundation, started by the founders of the motor company in 1936, donated $2.35 million to the Center for Community Change, according to the Free Beacon report. But a spokesman for the automaker noted to Fox News that the Ford Motor Company has had no affiliation with the Ford Foundation for nearly four decades. Among those on the Board of Trustees for the Ford Foundation is Cecile Richards, president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America.
The largest contribution came from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, which donated $3 million to the liberal group, according to the Free Beacon.
The Kellogg Company acknowledged to Fox News that the foundation and the company were both established by W.K. Kellogg but said they are “two legally separate entities.”
“As a result, we do not have information or influence on the foundation's activities, programs or initiatives,” the food manufacturing company said in a statement.
In a post on its website, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation stated that the company and foundation “operate independently of one another and each is governed by its own board of directors.”
“As a philanthropic organization, we do not engage in political activities nor do we provide grants to support such activities,” the foundation said.
The Center for Community Change, meanwhile, does not shy from being political – it often tweets its opposition to President Trump and encourages its supporters to protest his policies.
“Trump's proposed budget will hurt millions of low-income people and people of color,” the organization tweeted in May. “Stand with us in resistance.”
Other recent tweets from the organization: “Only we can draw the line to tell Trump and his white supremacist buddies enough is enough,” “Trump's sabotage of the healthcare system could backfire,” “American workers will catch on to Trump's con” and “As far as we can tell, Trump's travel ban is racist and won't make anyone safer.”
Another company distancing itself from the donations is investment firm Fidelity, after the tax forms listed more than $500,000 donated to the Center for Community Change Action from a fund called Fidelity Charitable.
But the company says those contributions are not from Fidelity – but rather, individual donors who set up charity accounts through them.
“The grants referenced in the Free Beacon story are recommended by individual donors who have donor-advised fund accounts at Fidelity Charitable, an independent public charity with a donor-advised fund program,” said Adam Banker, a spokesman for Fidelity Charitable. “These are not grants from Fidelity Investments.”
He added that the donations do “not, in any way, reflect the views of or represent an endorsement by Fidelity Charitable or Fidelity Investments.”
Image caption Severn Trent was called out to more than 4,600 blockages in Derbyshire in the past year, including cutlery flushed down a toilet Image caption Fat can build up "like cholesterol accumulates in our arteries", Severn Trent said Image caption The problem can lead to pollution Image caption Fat that is liquid when poured down drains can solidify in sewers previous slide next slide
Derby has been named as having the most blocked and fat-clogged sewers out of anywhere in the East Midlands.
Fat poured down drains combines with items blocking sewers and costing millions of pounds a year to clear.
Some waste forms "fatbergs" - lumps of fat congealed with items wrongly flushed down toilets.
Dozens of knives, forks and spoons flushed down a toilet recently caused a blockage in Chaddesden, Derby.
The blockage caused sewage to back up in the area.
Helen Fee, customer operations manager for Severn Trent, said: "How on earth people have managed to flush this amount of cutlery, I don't know.
"Having sewage flooding inside your home due to sewers being blocked is one of the most horrible things that can happen to you."
'Like concrete'
From the start of April to the middle of December, Severn Trent recorded 851 blockages in Derby.
Severn Trent says liquid fat, oil and grease can stick and harden "like concrete" in sewer pipes, building up "like cholesterol accumulates in our arteries".
The water company said its figures showed the problem was getting worse across the region.
People are being asked to wipe oily cooking trays with kitchen roll before washing them, and invest in a bathroom bin instead of flushing items down the toilet.
The water company currently spends more than £10m a year clearing waste in this form from its network, and about three-quarters of blockages are caused by people misusing the sewer system.
High-pressure jets are used to chisel fat from the walls of sewers, and in serious cases heavy machinery is used to dig it out.
The Dallas Cowboys won't be playing on their home field anytime soon because of the NFL offseason, but that doesn't mean that AT&T Stadium won't be seeing any action.
After seniors at South Garland High School found out last week that the site where they were supposed to hold their prom had gone out of business, they were surprised early on Wednesday morning with a big announcement.
The students, 70 percent of whom come from economically disadvantaged families, found out that they would be dancing the night away at AT&T Stadium.
The venue where the prom was supposed to be held, Park Lane Events Center, still has not returned the students' $4,000 deposit. In order to raise the money for the event, the senior class has been holding fundraisers for the last three years.
"When you work hard and you do things right and you stay positive and you stay focused, you'll find out in life things usually work out better than you would expect," Principal Tracy Curtis told My Fox DFW.
The event is set to take place on April 26.
"Thanks to the outreach from the community we had lots of offers so quite frankly we got to kinda just look and see what was going to be the best place," Curtis said.
[Dallas Morning News] [My Fox DFW]
To understand why our city has so many potholes, and more significantly why our parents and teachers must beg City Council to fully fund our schools and students are walking out of class to protest poor conditions, you need to know how we got here.
This is a sad and shameful tale about a steal of a deal made in 2012 by Richmond Mayor Dwight C. Jones, the Washington Redskins, Bon Secours Health System and the city's so-called Economic Development Authority, and how they helped create the colossal cluster muck that is the city's finances today.
This tale of Richmond resembles nothing so much as the children's fable, “The Emperor's New Clothes.” Both stories are about the stupidity and gullibility of a vainglorious leader whose key advisers refused to see, hear or speak the truth when the emperor, claiming to be wearing a marvelous outfit, was, in fact, buck naked.
In the Richmond version of this story, besides being gullible and silly, the mayor, his advisers, and all the Richmond backers who pushed this steal of a deal are also really bad at math.
Stay with me, folks, as I connect the dots in this municipal nightmare and show how the City of Richmond — a place where 40 percent of our children live at or below the poverty line and where some of the public schools are literally falling in on our kids' heads — came to build a $10 million state-of-the-art training facility for the Washington Redskins. Yes, they're the third wealthiest National Football League franchise, worth $2.85 billion, according to Forbes Magazine.
Not only did our city pick up the tab for the exclusive Redskins facility, but also — and I swear I'm not making this up — our leaders actually agreed to pay the Redskins $500,000 a year to use the facility for three weeks each August. Moving expenses, sponsorships, whatnot. Half a million dollars. For three weeks a year. Mind you, we don't even have bleachers to sit on, nor can our kids play football on the fields during the other 49 weeks when the Redskins aren't in town. Really.
But that's not the worst, or even the most outrageous part. In order to make this deal happen, the mayor and his advisers basically stole — yes, stole — a school property assessed at $7.5 million from the public school system and used it as the anchor of the deal. By leasing the property to the Redskins for $5,000 a year for 60 years, the city deal-makers cleverly cheated not only the schools out of necessary revenue that would have been realized had the property been sold, but also the city, because the city is responsible for funding the schools. Brilliant plan, guys.
“The property is worth $7.5 to $10 million,” Delegate G. Manoli Loupassi said at the time. “If they sold it all the money would go to the schools.” Loupassi lambasted the deal in a letter to Jones in October 2012. “Giving up a $7.5 million piece of property is way too much,” he said. “We're not flush with cash.”
Asked recently if he still thinks the Redskins deal was a bad for the city, Loupassi replied, “Bad then, even worse now.”
Real estate professionals opined that the open market value of this prime real estate with significant historic tax credits actually was $20 million to $30 million. Realtor Melissa Savenko wrote about the idiocy of this deal on her blog: “You have to look back no further than the Redskins training facility transaction to see the disregard the administration and business community have for the citizens' opinions.”
Residents throughout the city agree that the mayor's legacy will be defined, in part, by this shockingly bad deal he made with the Redskins and Bon Secours, in which he gave away the Westhampton School property in return for Bon Secours' promise to build itself a $6.4 million sports medicine facility.
At last week's mayoral candidate forum, 11 of the 12 announced candidates said they didn't think the Redskins deal had been good for the city. Not surprisingly, the only candidate who managed to mumble an unintelligible, semisupportive response was council President Michelle Mosby, who's attended at least one redskin game with the mayor.
Meanwhile, the parents, teachers, students, school administration and School Board members struggle with the possibility of closing six schools in the face of a budget shortfall.
Never mind all the talk about lost opportunity costs to the city and its public schools. The city got the intended quid pro quo. The mayor was able to cavort with Redskins cheerleaders and sit in the Redskins owner's box with billionaire owner Dan Snyder, team president Bruce Allen and the execs of nonprofit Bon Secours.
Next time you drive over a pothole, imagine what the schools, and the city, could do with an additional $20 million to $30 million. And then think of the mayor and his buddies with their arms around a cheerleader. S
Carol A.O. Wolf is a former newspaper reporter who served on the Richmond School Board from 2002 to 2008. She writes regularly about the Richmond Public Schools at saveourschools-getrealrichmond.blogspot.com.
Opinions expressed on the Back Page is those of the writer and not necessarily those of Style Weekly.
Seymour Hersh's "Preparing the Battlefield," in the July 7 New Yorker, will be
discussed in the coming weeks by everyone interested in our foreign policy and
the future of the American constitution. The complete failure of congressional
oversight, to which the article points, is a larger subject that will be with
us until the election and beyond. For if the vice president and his
neoconservative advisers have their way -- and they remain, in spite of setbacks,
the most active, energetic, and ambitious faction within the Bush
administration -- the U.S. will be at war with Iran or on the way to war by
January 2009. And if that is so, it will matter less than we think who is
elected in November. The momentum will be there; the country will be committed.
In late 2007, after winning an election whose central issue was a more prudent
and rational policy in the Middle East, congressional Democrats, obedient to
the wishes of a Presidential Finding, signed away $400 million for secret
operations against Iran. A more craven act of submission would be hard to
imagine; and they did this in the glow of victory, in direct contradiction of
their mandate. What were they signing for? Sabotage, assassination, covert
support for political clients and "destabilization" generally are predictable
parts of such a design; but the Democrats, in the months between their
capitulation and Hersh's article, made no mention of dissatisfactions at having
been cut off from oversight. The truth seems to be that in this area, as in so
many others, only the Office of the Vice President oversees the Office of the
President.
"The process is broken," one of Seymour Hersh's informants told him, "and this
is dangerous stuff we're authorizing." Yet the Democrats in the "Gang of Eight"
whom the president consults on classified programs -- Reid, Pelosi, Rockefeller,
Reyes -- may prefer to have things broken. What they don't know, can't hurt them
at the polls, or so they seem to believe. It is the same passive obedience that
led the Democrats to close the debate early for the authorization of the Iraq
war in 2002, so they could clear the decks for the election; to banish all use
of the words Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo, in late 2004, so they could clear the
decks for the election; and to confine themselves to flawless platitudes about
Iraq in 2008, so they can clear the decks for the election. The desertion of
principle is exceeded only by the evasion of responsibility.
Still, what were they risking when they let the administration go ahead in Iran
without accountability? The answer was given by Secretary of Defense Gates when
he met with a group of Democrats late last year. Gates told the Democrats that
if the U.S. made a preemptive strike against Iran, "We'll create generations of
jihadists, and our grandchildren will be battling our enemies here in America."
Now, what Democrat, in 2007 or 2008, has spoken as if he heard that warning
from the Secretary of Defense?
To the extent that we have sidestepped a war with Iran, the notable resistance
has been mounted so far by persons within the armed forces like Admiral Mullen
and Admiral Fallon -- the latter of whom (according Hersh's informant) got along
fine with President Bush but crossed Vice President Cheney by wanting to know
about the secret operations officially under his command. Had Fallon consulted
the Democrats, they might have shown him how to hold onto his job by following
their pattern of uninformed consent.
The stifling of free discussion within Congress about the American provocations
in Iran, is both a cause and a symptom of the one-sidedness of the treatment of
the issue in the mainstream media. It is handled as if Iran's nuclear research
were the sole danger in the case; and as if it were a foregone conclusion that
in this matter, the fears of some Israelis are bound to be closer to the truth
than the National Intelligence Estimate of 2007.
Why has House Concurrent Resolution 362 -- a device promoted by AIPAC that commits
its supporters to press for a naval blockade of Iran, which would be an act of
war -- received so little public attention and debate? AIPAC has denied that a
blockade is intended, but the language of its resolution leaves no doubt; it
goes for "imposing stringent inspection requirements on all persons, vehicles,
ships, planes, trains, and cargo entering or departing Iran; and prohibiting
the international movement of all Iranian officials not involved in negotiating
the suspension of Iran's nuclear program." Nothing except a blockade could
possibly accomplish the enumerated tasks of interdiction and inspection.
The whole purpose of such a resolution is to herd the Democratic Congress into
the Office of the Vice President until the two spaces are indistinguishable. A
vote for the resolution amounts to a vow of silence regarding anything the U.S.
chooses to do against Iran. The vice president believed that he had war within
his grasp when an incident almost erupted in January 2007 between Iranian
patrol boats and American ships in the Strait of Hormuz. There were no cheers
of relief in the OVP when the navy stayed calm and the fever went down. A few
weeks later, Hersh reports, the vice president held a meeting. "The subject,"
said a former official of the administration, "was how to create a casus belli
between Tehran and Washington."
Vice President Cheney learned long ago that he can outplay the Democrats in the
game of power, because he is willing to use power. The Democrats, by contrast,
don't even want to be responsible for the power that they have. In early 2007,
when most voters believed the result of the 2006 election signified a policy of
withdrawal from Iraq, nobody was surer than Dick Cheney that a plan to withdraw
would never be brought forward. If the Democrats were serious, Cheney said,
they would vote against appropriations. He was right. They didn't have the
nerve, and they did not mean to withdraw. Instead, they rewarded the
administration, whose venality and recklessness were a matter of international
embarrassment, with an exorbitant donation of public money to subsidize new
acts of violence.
A tour of North Fork wineries ended in carnage Saturday, when a hit-and-run drunk driver slammed into a limousine full of young women on Route 48 in Cutchogue, cops said.
Four of the women were killed in the crash, and their four friends and the limo's driver were seriously injured in the 5:15 p.m. accident.
All eight women were ages 23 and 24, and — in a horrible irony — had taken a limousine so that they could drink safely as they toured the area's wineries, officials said.
Local police initially indicated that the victims may have been bridesmaids out on a bachelorette jaunt to area vineyards.
But a family member of one of the surviving women told The Post at Peconic Bay Medical Center that the pals were not part of a wedding party, and were simply good friends who had hired a limo so that they could drink responsibly.
“They had to die instantly,” eyewitness Ted Webb, 76, of the Orient, NY, told Newsday of the tragic victims.
“They looked like they were in a state of shock,” Webb said of the surviving victims.
“They weren't screaming or shouting,” he said. “They're sitting in the back and they saw what happened directly in front of them.”
The victims' black Lincoln had just turned onto a median to make a U-turn onto the westbound side of the highway when it was struck broadside by a red pickup truck with so much force that the limo was nearly severed in half.
The driver of the Dodge pickup, a North Fork resident whose name was not released, ran straight into the woods along the highway, leaving the decimated limo and its dead and injured passengers behind, said Southold Town Police Chief Martin Flatley.
Cops chased and quickly arrested the man, charging him with driving while intoxicated.
But the victim's driver may have also borne some responsibility in making the illegal U-turn, a move that likely required the limo to take up two or three lanes, Flatley said.
“It was a dangerous move,” he said of the limo's U-turn.
First responders pronounced three of the women dead at the scene.
A fourth died at a hospital, Flatley said.
The most seriously injured were taken by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital; the remaining injured were rushed by ambulance to Peconic Bay Medical Center and Eastern Long Island Hospital.
Cops did not release their names or information about their conditions Saturday night.
“We don't even have half of the people identified because they went to three different hospitals. We're trying to sort out all the details,” Flatley said.
A man who was dating the mother of one of the injured women, whom he identified only as “Alicia” from East Setauket in Suffolk County, told The Post that she and seven of her friends had been out on a wine tour.
The pals had hired a limo so they could drink without fear of being too drunk to drive as they traveled among several vineyards, he said.
Alicia didn't know about the status of her friends as of Saturday night, he added.
State and local police and crews from seven fire departments were visibly shaken as they attended to the gory crash site.
White sheets covered the bodies of at least two of the women. The pavement around the limo was littered with metal debris. A bagel, a medic's glove, a cooler and a crushed cell phone lay scattered nearby.
“It was a hectic scene,” Flatley said.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer points to a reporter to take a question during the daily news briefing at the White House in Washington on Monday. (Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press)
The Post reports:
White House press secretary Sean Spicer fired back at critics who he argued are “nitpicking” President Trump's statement on the Holocaust by highlighting the White House's omission of any mention of Jews or anti-Semitism. “Well I think he's aware of what people have been saying, but I think by and large he's been praised for it,” Spicer told reporters at the White House's daily briefing on Monday. “I mean, the president went out of his way to recognize the Holocaust and the suffering that went through it and the people that were affected by it and the loss of life and to make sure that America never forgets what so many people went through whether they were Jews or Gypsies, gays, disability, priests.”
Actually, Jewish groups, even the pliant Republican Jewish Coalition, had denounced the statement. The Anti-Defamation League likewise condemned (before Spicer's latest outburst) the excising of Jews from the Holocaust Remembrance Day statement. “The suffering of the Jewish people is not an afterthought, a prepositional phrase to be bolted onto the end of a sentence. The suffering of the Jewish people is the whole reason that the concept of the Holocaust was defined. It became shorthand to explain the unexplainable, the inconceivable — an intentional, transnational campaign to exterminate an entire people perpetrated in broad daylight in front of the entire world.”
[The White House's soft-core Holocaust denialism]
The U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum issued a statement Monday, directly addressing this topic:
The Holocaust was the systematic, state-sponsored murder of six million Jews by Nazi Germany and its collaborators. Nazi ideology cast the world as a racial struggle, and the singular focus on the total destruction of every Jewish person was at its racist core. Millions of other innocent civilians were persecuted and murdered by the Nazis, but the elimination of Jews was central to Nazi policy. As Elie Wiesel said, “Not all victims were Jews, but all Jews were victims.”
Similarly, Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, who gave a prayer at the Trump inauguration, called the statement a “mistake.” CNN reported, “Hier added that to remove Jews from mention in commemorations of the Holocaust, as is done by nationalist groups in the US and Eastern Europe seeking to minimize how much the Holocaust was specifically targeting the Jews of Europe for genocide, ‘is dangerous.' ”
Most educated adults, and virtually all elected national politicians on both sides of the aisle, are aware that anti-Semites and anti-Zionists jump not just at opportunities to deny that the Holocaust occurred, but also at opportunities to claim it was exaggerated or not designed specifically to target Jews. That's been the language of many Arab governments that seek to undermine the basis (not the justification, which goes back thousands of years) for the founding of the Jewish state. Holocaust historian Deborah Lipstadt (who prevailed in a court case in England against a Holocaust denier) has a term for this tactic:
The de-Judaization of the Holocaust, as exemplified by the White House statement, is what I term softcore Holocaust denial. … Softcore denial uses different tactics [from hardcore denial] but has the same end-goal. (I use hardcore and softcore deliberately because I see denial as a form of historiographic pornography.) It does not deny the facts, but it minimizes them, arguing that Jews use the Holocaust to draw attention away from criticism of Israel. Softcore denial also makes all sorts of false comparisons to the Holocaust. In certain Eastern European countries today, those who fought the Nazis may be lauded, but if they did so with a communist resistance group they may be prosecuted. Softcore denial also includes Holocaust minimization, as when someone suggests it was not so bad. “Why are we hearing about that again?” What we saw from the White House was classic softcore denial. The Holocaust was de-Judaized.
Is she right?
The best-case scenario for the White House is: The new administration, understaffed and more inexperienced than any in the modern era, made a dumb error, but because Trump never wants to admit error, staffers including Spicer and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus would rather sound like Holocaust deniers and moral idiots than apologize or even admit they blew it. That would be the charitable explanation, but it would mean that the president has created an atmosphere in which lying, stupidity, ignorance, incompetence and un-Americanism are not the worst sin; admitting a mistake is. That frightful conclusion would have implications far beyond the Holocaust statement — and we have already seen the same delusional reaction to the travel-ban fiasco as aides insist all is well and everything is working beautifully.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer promised reporters to always be truthful in his role as White House press secretary and addressed misstatements he made about Metro ridership on Inauguration Day. (Reuters)
Then again, Stephen K. Bannon and Stephen Miller, who seem to run the entire administration, may be right-wing nationalists, most of whom in Europe and elsewhere historically have been anti-Semitic (regarding Jews as a foreign, fifth-column element apart from a country's culture and history). Bannon and Miller continually sound dog whistles to white nationalists, winking and smirking at their own ability to malign, insult and marginalize those outside the base of white, Christian, less educated voters.
Decide for yourself which makes more sense. Either, frankly, renders the Trump team unfit for White House duty. Those who would defend or join them cannot say they didn't know what they were getting into.
LED LENSER® F1R
I decided that it was time to shop for a new EDC light, the one that I have carried for a few years now still works great and has its uses. However, technology has changed so much that I thought it was time to look around. One particular light really caught my eye Leatherman's LED Lenser F1r what does the r stand for you ask, is it the right-handed model? Or maybe the republican model? Nope even better than that Rechargeable, so no more having to deal with my CR123A batteries because this guy runs a lithium-ion rechargeable battery the charger works off of a USB cable and I can charge it just about anywhere now. I know what all of you apocalypse people are saying rite now… How are you going to recharge your light in an emergency? Well, I will let you in on a little secret but don't tell anyone… I have more than one light! Yes, I have a back up light…
Here is a little something to think about for all the regular battery flashlights out there, where does that used battery go when you are done with it? Even if you recycle it, it still has to dealt with. Some form of recycling etc. with the Lenser F1R you have a much more eco friendly solution because it is rechargeable I know I have thrown out and recycled a many CR123A batteries and I am happy to make a better choice. I still have a few CR123A lights in the house but now they are just back ups and hopefully will not be needed or go through as many of those little batteries and at $1-$1.50 each I plan on saving a bit of money too!
However, the LED Lenser boasts a 60-hour run time at its lowest setting, which is still a very comfortable 10 Lumens, which makes it more than useful for many tasks. At the highest setting of 1000 Lumens, well it will eat up battery quickly running only about 3 hours. That is still on par with many of the 200-300 lumen lights on the market running on CR123A batteries many of those only offering 80-120 minute run times at less than half the output. Here is what 10-250-1000 Lumens looks like.
But having a light that fits in my pocket and will run for a full workweek and then some is a great tool to have. I have been using this light now for about 10 days and have yet to recharge it, and that is with everyone playing with and saying things like “Dude look how far this thing shines” and that kind of shenanigans when you have a new toy you play all kinds of games with it.
Here are the specs from the manufacturer:
Technical Data
LED Designation Xtreme Power LED LED-Configuration 1 x Xtreme Power LED Luminous flux * 1000 lm Luminous range * 160 m/524ft Luminous period ** 60 h Technical details power supply 1 x CR 18650 3.7V Energy tank 8.14 Wh
Size & Weight Length flood 115 mm/4.5in Head diameter 30 mm/1.18in Weight (w/o packing) 120 g/.25lb
First impressions of this light were that it was a bit bigger than what I had previously carried, and it seemed to promise and an awful lot out of its still tiny package, it weighs almost nothing! I charged the light for the recommended time from the manufacturer that is 7hrs (if you have never used Lithium-ion before it does have one big fault, when it quits) that means that the light won't dim or warn you about no longer working it will just stop which sucks. However, with almost 60 hours of run time you had plenty of time to charge it. I have been trying to run mine down to the point of needing a charge and haven't as of yet. I plan to be able to charge it off of my laptop, my truck that has a USB, and even the outlet next to my bed has a USB. The charge is rather small just a few inches long no bigger than a travel toothbrush so easy to store in my EDC bag for easy travel and dragging it around. My house seems to eat cables and chargers so I keep them all in my bag unless I am using them that has just become my best practice with a 3yo in the house.
Some of the other nice features of this product are that it comes with a cleaning kit and a set of replacement seals, I have never had to replace the seals on any of my other lights but none of them created the amount of Lumens this one does either. Also included is a secondary bezel for the light which is described as a “Self Defense” bezel because of the larger ribs, it also includes a clip and lanyard to give you some options for carrying and use.
Bombarded by President-Elect Donald Trump's election rhetoric promising to step up the campaign against the so-called Islamic State, Americans are more likely to accept torture and indiscriminate bombing of suspected terrorists than they were two decades ago, according to a poll by the International Committee of the Red Cross released Monday.
The majority of those surveyed across more than a dozen countries including the United States still think bombing of populated areas and torturing detainees is wrong, according to the WINS/Gallup International poll, released by the ICRC. But rising numbers of people, especially Americans and Britons, said they are willing to accept less humane practices if it means winning the fight faster.
Yet the survey also showed that people in places like Syria and Yemen believe the laws of war are needed, in an almost wistful expression of hope for a humanity that is absent in two conflicts that have killed civilians by the hundreds of thousands.
“They are still telling you despite all that, we feel if we let go the limits of war, it will be ten times worse,” said ICRC Director-General Yves Daccord in an interview.
The survey was conducted between June and September 2016 with 17,000 people in 16 countries, an update on a similar survey carried out by the ICRC in 1999. It specifically asked people what they thought of “torture,” rather than using the Bush-era terms like “enchanced interrogation techniques” like water boarding, ice baths, and sleep deprivation. Overall, two-thirds of those surveyed said torture was wrong, but more were willing to agree to harsh interrogation of detainees than in 1999.
The results are disturbing for a humanitarian organization that was set up to remind all on the battlefield to follow the laws of war as set out in the Geneva Conventions—especially how citizens of leading nations like the U.S. and Britain seem more comfortable with harsh practices than ever before.
ICRC officials see a further irony in that the 15-plus years of war since the attacks of September 11, 2001, on New York and Washington, D.C. have seen their relationships grow closer with seasoned American, British, and other Western military leaders, who see the laws of war as crucial to helping their troops both maintain their own humanity—and win over the opposition by carefully hitting the enemy and not civilians, and by treating that enemy humanely after capture.
“In the U.S. in the last 15 years, torture seems like something which is accepted, as something that you use as a tool to get information, whereas the military interestingly enough will tell you this is not at all the tool you need to use,” said ICRC Director-General Daccord. “Not only is it not good for human dignity, but it doesn't provide you with the right information.”
That echoes the conversation relayed by President-Elect Trump with his nominee for Secretary of Defense, retired four-star Marine General James Mattis. Trump said he'd asked Mattis about his views on torture, and was surprised when Mattis said he'd gotten further with a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers, rather than applying pain.
Red Cross officials hear that a lot in their discussions with U.S. military leaders, Daccord said. “If the military of their country are leading in that direction, I would say, follow them!”
It's a point of view Trump may be hearing from other quarters of his transition team. Though transition team officials did not respond to requests for comment, a legal expert at the Washington, D.C.-based Heritage Foundation, which is advising the Trump transition, echoed Red Cross concerns over the polling results.
“The United States will never go back to waterboarding or any form of torture, something I believe the vast majority of the military, intelligence community and American public would never condone,” said House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff, D-Calif., in a statement to The Daily Beast. “Not only is it immoral, but it is also unconstitutional, ineffective and violative of both U.S. and international law.”
“Forty-six percent of Americans surveyed think that captured enemy combatants may be tortured to obtained important military information, and thirty-three percent think torture is part of war,” according to the ICRC poll, said Heritage fellow Cully Stimson in a statement Monday. “These are disturbing numbers because torture is a crime, and banned under domestic and international law.”
Most of the leaders of the Congressional armed services or intelligence committees declined to comment, but that sentiment was echoed by House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff, D-Calif.
“The United States will never go back to waterboarding or any form of torture, something I believe the vast majority of the military, intelligence community and American public would never condone,” Schiff said in a statement to The Daily Beast. “Not only is it immoral, but it is also unconstitutional, ineffective and violative of both U.S. and international law.”
On the more encouraging side for humanitarians, over two-thirds of all those surveyed think war should have limits, and nearly half think the Geneva Conventions keeps them from getting worse.
Ironically, while three-quarters of those surveyed believe attacks on hospitals and health-care providers are wrong, Russians actually outpaced Americans and Brits in their disapproval of such attacks —an irony in that U.S. officials frequently accuse the Russians of indiscriminate attacks in Crimea or in Syria on behalf of the Bashar Assad regime.
Update 12/5, 12:17pm: This story has been updated to include a quote from the Heritage Foundation, which advises the Trump transition team.
Samsung already has a bunch of apps on iOS platform. Earlier this month, the firm had revealed its plans to bring iOS support for the Gear S2, but that's not all. We've recently received information from our trusted insiders that Samsung is planning to bring most of its apps (if not all) to Apple's iOS platform later this year.
According to the information that we've received, Samsung is working on Gear Fit Manager for iOS. This will allow people who own the Gear Fit to pair it with an iPhone. To compliment the Gear Fit Manager and Gear Manager apps, Samsung will also release the S Health app for iPhone. S Health app can be used to log daily activity, workouts, food intake, and sleep.
In terms of home entertainment, Samsung is bringing iOS support for the Galaxy View. The company is developing the Remote Control and Family Square apps for the iOS, which can be used to remotely control the Galaxy View using an iPhone and allow different users to stream content to the movable display. There are plans to release the Level app for Samsung's Level audio devices as well, which will enable iPhone users to use these devices and make use of various effects and an official way of control.
Samsung is also working on a newer version of the Smart Camera app for iOS, which might bring an overhauled UI (something that we think is utterly necessary) to the table. The Smart Camera app by Samsung can be used for remotely controlling the company's smart cameras, copying images and videos, and to use the connected tablet or smartphone as a remote viewfinder.
Samsung surely understands that it needs to add support for iOS to increase the adoption of its connected devices as the company has some big plans for a connected home using its IoT platform. Even its SUHD TVs will now come with integrated SmartThings hubs.
ROYAL Bank of Scotland has reported its first quarterly profit since 2015, with chief executive Ross McEwan hailing the results a “major milestone”.
The taxpayer-owned lender made a £259 million profit in the first three months of the year, compared with a £968m loss in the same quarter of 2016.
It is the first time since the third quarter of 2015 that RBS, which is 72 per cent owned by the Government, has turned a quarterly profit.
The numbers will come as welcome relief to McEwan, who has presided over a string of recent poor results, which add up to a staggering £58 billion of losses since RBS was bailed out by the Government at the height of the financial crisis.
The return to profitability has come at a cost for staff and customers. About 16,000 jobs have been cut in the past year, with more to come, and more branches will be shut over and above the 158 closures announced last month.
However, McEwan said: “These results reflect very much what we talked about at full year.
“This bank has a very strong core with great potential, and we believe that by going further on cost reduction and faster on digital trans- formation we will deliver a simpler, safer and even more customer- focused bank, with a compelling investment case.”
The core bank's adjusted operating profit also rose in the quarter, from £303m to £1.3bn.
The figures also show that RBS booked £577m in restructuring costs.
In February, when RBS reported a £7bn annual loss, McEwan ordered a £2bn four-year cost-cutting drive, expected to result in significant additional job losses and branch closures.
To this end, the bank took £278m in costs out of the business in the period. Last week, Chancellor Philip Hammond made the stark admission that the Government is prepared to sell its stake in RBS at a loss to the public purse.
The Government bought its 72 per cent holding in the bank for £45bn in 2008, at £5.02 a share, as part of a bail-out at the height of the financial crisis.
Shares are now trading at around half that price.
It is understood that only once RBS's legacy issues, such as fines in the US and state-aid obligations, are dealt with will the Government begin selling down the taxpayers' stake.
Asked whether the bank owes the public an apology in light of the Chancellor's comments, McEwan said: “I don't think it's a matter of an apology, we just have to go back to when the Government stepped in.
“The price that was paid was the price of the day. It was the right thing to do to save the bank. The stake sale is in the hands of the Government. The core bank is really strong and we can see that in the results today.”
The results come a day after the bank moved closer to reaching a settlement with all five shareholder groups that brought compensation claims against it in connection with its 2008 rights issue, overseen by disgraced former chief executive Fred Goodwin.
McEwan said the lender, which has come under fire over its spiralling legal costs of defending the case, said he believes the bank has a “strong defence to the claim”.
The case, which comes to trial next month if a settlement is not reached, is becoming one of the most costly civil defences in British history.
RBS has already spent more than £100m preparing its defence, with that figure expected to rise to £125m if it goes to court.
Shares in RBS were up nearly two per cent in morning trading.
On Tuesday, CNN's website published an account of how its politics team tracked down a Trump supporter and called him to account for his creation of a WrestleMania GIF, which features the CNN logo pasted over Vince McMahon's head as a hostile joke at CNN's expense. Within 24 hours, this odd little exposé erupted into a controversy as conservative spectators, who accuse CNN of blackmailing its subject, have organized a concerted harassment campaign against the network and its story's lead reporter. As always, this modern political tragedy begins with a tweet from Donald Trump.
On Sunday morning, @realDonaldTrump shared a video of a GIF of himself choke-slamming and punching Vince McMahon ringside at WrestleMania 23. In the GIF, McMahon's face is pasted over with a floating CNN logo, and Trump's tweet appends two hashtags: #FraudNewsCNN #FNN (that would be Fake News Network — zing). There's no real joke here, only a grainy spectacle: Watch the big, manly President Trump beat his latest challenger to the brink of paralysis.
(It is unclear which bit of CNN coverage, exactly, Trump was even responding to in this case. With a long holiday weekend approaching, and his Morning Joe feud behind him, it's possible the U.S. president was simply bored and itching for a new, pointless fight.)
CNN took the WrestleMania footage seriously. “It is a sad day when the president of the United States encourages violence against reporters,” the network said in a statement. “He is involved in juvenile behavior far below the dignity of his office.” Other observers, including fellow journalists, also interpreted Trump's disseminating of the WrestleMania GIF as a call for enraged citizens to maim CNN journalists and, presumably, other reporters critical of the administration. Hours after Trump tweeted the choke-slam GIF, the Committee to Protect Journalists said the meme “undermines the work of the media in the U.S. and makes it more dangerous.”
In haste over the holiday weekend, CNN dispatched its political investigations unit, KFile — named after the unit's star reporter, Andrew Kaczynski — to cover the offending GIF's origins. The team quickly ventured into the hive of scum and consumer product reviews known as (you guessed it) Reddit. The KFile team identified a user named HanAssholeSolo as the GIF maker. Per KFile's report, HanAssholeSolo has a history of reactionary “shitposting” on Reddit, where he scrubbed several offensive posts and published a long apology for his conduct before speaking to KFile for its story.
In its exposé, KFile withholds the GIF maker's name only because “he is a private citizen who has issued an extensive statement of apology, showed his remorse by saying he has taken down all his offending posts, and because he said he is not going to repeat this ugly behavior on social media again.” Imagine a furious mom grounding her teen son for a week without TV and video games: That's how this sounds. In fact, Kaczynski spent much of Wednesday on Twitter clarifying that his subject wasn't a teenager but rather “a middle aged man.”
It's a bewildering spin of events: A Reddit user makes a pro-Trump meme. Trump finds it, and then he shares it with the wider world. Journalists and other critics of the administration interpret the tweet as a call to violence against reporters, who've been on edge since now–U.S. Representative Greg Gianforte body-slammed a Guardian reporter at a Montana special election campaign event in May. CNN tracks the Reddit user down and promises him anonymity assuming he'll cease and desist his shitposting. Regardless, Trump supporters rally to accuse CNN of doxxing a man whose identity the network has made a big to-do of not revealing. For CNN, the moral high ground has quickly become a quagmire.
In a year when cable-news networks have struggled to maintain their access-driven relevance, it's unsurprising that KFile's most-discussed political story in months has scrutinized a particularly vocal Trump supporter rather than the administration itself. The network and website's insistence on both reporting — and then defending — a Reddit-focused story might have made more sense for a tech-focused outlet like Gizmodo. But in the absence of a nominally cooperative — or even accessible — administration, CNN has struggled to execute any civic purpose whatsoever. Its peculiar approach to the WrestleMania GIF maker reveals a network deeply frustrated with its role as Donald Trump's choice whipping boy.
Andrew Kaczynski made a name for himself as a web sleuth during his nearly five years at BuzzFeed, typically poring over old footage of politicians to find fresh angles of critique. Often, he's unearthed hints of plagiarism and damning evidence of political figures saying things they live to regret. In October, CNN hired the KFile team, including Kaczynski, away from BuzzFeed, promising to equip it with better resources and a cable-news audience. In January, the KFile team broke the academic plagiarism story that brought down the commentator Monica Crowley, who was expected to take on a senior communications role at the National Security Council. In May, KFile broke another academic plagiarism story that embroiled Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, a conservative activist and once-rumored appointee to the Department of Homeland Security. While KFile can cite this handful of victories in holding the Trump administration to account, the team hasn't been as prolific as it was at BuzzFeed during the recent presidential campaign.
Meanwhile, CNN has suffered a great deal of harassment from Donald Trump, who popularized the term “fake news” as a taunt initially designed to describe the network's politics coverage. MSNBC may be the nation's proud and avowed center-left cable-news network, but it's the supposedly nonpartisan, gotta-hear-both-sides bastion at CNN that's absorbing the full force of Trump's disdain for all mainstream news media apart from Fox. Trump laid into the network's president, Jeff Zucker, in a press gathering at Trump Tower in the weeks after the election. (At the time, Zucker called it “playful.”) He called Chris Cuomo a “lunatic.” He called Don Lemon “dumb as a rock.” And his online partisans have adopted Trump's vendetta against CNN as their own. Currently, Kaczynski is suffering a personal harassment campaign, with pro-Trump instigators reportedly doxxing him and his family, sending death threats, and planning a protest at his residence. He's only the latest CNN reporter to become the face of the Trump coalition's crude resentments.
CNN has characterized Trump's tweet as a call for violence, and the KFile story cites the Committee to Protect Journalists' somber agreement with that assessment. And yet the GIF is one of a million lo-fi fever dreams of the Trumpian internet, and it won't be the last to capture Trump's “MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL” attention during the heat stroke that is his term in office. It is not the first time, nor will it be the last time, that forum trolls throw U.S. politics coverage for a loop. In the past decade, several journalists have reported thrilling stories about the politics and villainy of the deep web. Readers tend to value such deep and exhaustive reports for the cavities of ideology they reveal, and for what they tell us about contemporary civic life and discourse.
In contrast, CNN's exposé was carried out against some foolish, insignificant bystander; and it reads like a parole order. The reporters spend as much as half of their story explaining just how easy it was for them to track HanAssholeSolo from Reddit to the material world, which, I suppose, is why so many Trump sympathizers interpret KFile's report as a warning shot. The story is fascinating only for the fact that it exists at all: Trump's White House has frustrated CNN and the rest of the press corps so effectively that the network is now throwing its sharpest blows at a shameful, unsavory nobody.
It is not surprising that CNN's website would hone in on the Redditor as a merchant of vicious, stupid conflict. It is only surprising that they would pick such a loud but toothless fight with a shitposter whom they plumbed from the depths of the internet. The network's willingness to totally expose a troll would be one thing if CNN were cracking its knuckles in the face of power. Instead, the network is humiliating a troll to find new footing in the president's ritual humiliation of CNN.
On Wednesday, Jeff Zucker addressed this latest round of hostilities between his network and Trump following the president's WrestleMania tweet. “He's trying to bully us,” Zucker said. “You can't lose your confidence and let that change the way you conduct yourselves.” But CNN has indeed revised its conduct under pressure. One false move from this Reddit reactionary, and CNN may, toward ambiguous ends, reveal his identity to the public. If, and when, the network ever does, I'm sure we'll still have learned absolutely nothing.
POST FACTO Trisha Gupta www.sunday-guardian.com/profile/trisha-gupta Trisha Gupta is a Delhi-based writer and critic. Read more of her work on her blog Chhotahazri (trishagupta.blogspot.in) Tied up in knots — The many meanings of the dupatta Meena Kumari in Pakeezah few weeks ago, a teacher called Snehlata Gupta wrote a piece on Kafila.org describing an incident that took place in her classroom of a co-ed school in Delhi. One of her students, a 17-year-old boy, came up to her outside the classroom with a problem. "In a quiet, hushed, almost embarrassed tone he said he felt I should wear a dupatta in class", an appalled Gupta writes "because it embarrassed him to see me without one." Gupta managed to control her rage. She told the boy, that he could shut his eyes or stay out of class—and henceforth refused "even more determinedly" to wear a dupatta to class. "Maybe a rather childish reaction but it made me feel good", she writes. The wearing of a dupatta is perhaps the most carefully calibrated act of everyday dressing in contemporary North India. Also called chunni, chunari, or odhni, the dupatta is understood to be a necessary accessory to the salwar-kameez, churidar-kurta, or ghaghra-choli. So much so that the coordinated salwar-kameez sets that are probably the most ubiquitous women's wear in urban North India – 'suits', in Delhi lingo – come with matching dupattas. The dupatta quietly inserts itself into one's idea of the outfit—if you wear a 'suit', you automatically wear the dupatta that came with it. It's not wearing a dupatta that is then marked out as an act of choice. Even when a dupatta is worn, though, there's always the complicated question of how. The dupatta is, of course, a remnant of the veil—as revealed most clearly in the word odhni: 'that which covers'. In more orthodox households, women still drape their dupattas (or sari pallus) to cover their heads and faces before men other than their husbands. But while the practice of purdah is probably growing less common (with the complicated exception of the newly burqa-wearing Muslim woman), the dupatta doesn't look like it's going away anytime soon. { Who hasn't carried a dupatta as strategic shield: to cover over a figure-hugging top, and be put away when one reaches the perceived cocoon of one's office, classroom or party? A schoolgirl might wear hers starched and pinned to the shoulders of her white kurta uniform. The neighbourhood aunty with child and shopping bag might wear hers like a scarf, with both ends hanging down the front. The chic young woman on her two-wheeler might wear hers as protection against sun and dust and wind: wrapped tight around the head, but flying out behind her in the wind, in lieu of her tied-up hair. However it's draped, though, the primary purpose of this unstitched length of fabric appears to be to cover up anything a woman's stitched garments may inadvertently (or advertently) reveal — the possibility of cleavage, yes, but also just the possibility of breasts. hat was what Snehlata Gupta's student meant — that it was her job as a woman to keep her breasts out of his line of thought. The same boy, during an earlier class discussion, had declared that "if girls dress so provocatively boys can't help themselves". Since South Asian men can't be trusted to control their thoughts — or their actions, goes the dire, threatening logic—the dupatta must be worn: women must police their own bodies. Sometimes it feels like necessary pragmatism: who hasn't carried a dupatta as strategic shield: to cover over a figure-hugging top, and be put away when one reaches the perceived cocoon of one's office, classroom or party? Yet, over the last two decades, there has been something of a revolution in women's clothing in Delhi. And I'm not talking only about the upper middle class set that pair their kurtas with patiala salwars, jeans or tights, more often than not abandoning dupattas altogether. I'm talking about young women at Delhi bus stops, who in the 1990s invariably wore salwar-kameezes with dupattas. Young women at Delhi bus stops in 2013 are as likely to be wearing jeans and a T-shirt or shirt, without dupattas. Though still a massive cause of friction — witness the khap judgements, institutional dress codes and general pronouncements about shameless tight clothes — the rising acceptability of Western wear is a steady demotion of the dupatta. Another form of subversion is the increasingly common sheer fabric compressed into near-nothingness: a thin band round the neck rather than a loose loop across the shoulders, joyfully refusing to fulfil its unspoken duty as invisibiliser-of-breasts. Like everything in the North Indian universe, the dupatta's symbolic status is perhaps best explicated by the Hindi film song. From the plaintiveness of Laaga chunari mein daag, mitaaun kaise, ghar jaaun kaise? to the tragic accusation of Pakeezah's Inhi logon ne le leena dupatta mera, all the way to the explicitly sexual address of Aaja na chhu le meri chunari sanam of Biwi No. 1, it is as if the chunari stands in for sex itself. But thankfully, dupatta songs are not all about shame and metaphorical virginity — a loss of modesty is often about deliberate abandon. The dupatta that lehraos in the wind is nothing short of a metaphor for freedom. As the Teen Deviyan song goes, Jab meri chunariya malmal ki, phir kyon na phiroon jhalki-jhalki. To not wear a dupatta is certainly one kind of freedom. To insist on revelling in its flowing pleasures while refusing to be bound by it, is another. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Joomla SEO powered by JoomSEF
REUTERS - Iranian authorities “continued to manipulate” Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian until the moment he was released with four other Americans in a prisoner swap over the weekend, his brother said on Monday.
A deal had been negotiated between Washington and Tehran for the swap but at the last minute, Iranian authorities tried to stop the Iranian-American journalist's wife, Yeganeh Salehi, from leaving with him, Ali Rezaian told CNN.
“The Iranians, as they have done all along, continued to manipulate them, continued to try and mess with them and prevented Yeggie for leaving for some period of time,” Ali Rezaian told CNN in an interview from outside a U.S. military hospital in Landstuhl, Germany.
“The U.S. stuck to its guns, they had said Yeggie had to come along with Jason and they got her out,” Ali Rezaian said.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday that a delay in the departure of the plane taking some of the detainees from Iran was partly due to a “temporary misunderstanding” about whether Rezaian's mother, Mary, and his wife, who is also a journalist, were on the plane, as had been agreed. They were later confirmed as being on the plane.
Rezaian and two other Iranian-Americans arrived on Sunday in Landstuhl where they were undergoing medical evaluations.
The prisoner swap followed the lifting of most international sanctions against Iran under a deal to curb Tehran's nuclear program.
Jason Rezaian, the Washington Post's Tehran correspondent, is pictured at The Washington Post in Washington, DC in this November 6, 2013 handout photo. REUTERS/Zoeann Murphy/The Washington Post/Handout via Reuters/Files
Ali Rezaian said his brother had recounted to him some aspects of the 545 days he was held in Iranian custody after being accused of espionage. He said Iranian authorities grilled him about fellow journalists who cover the country.
“We talked about a couple of things – some folks here, Iranian folks – people that cover Iran. The only thing he said was, ‘I was interrogated about them,'” Ali Rezaian told CNN.
Washington Post editors flew to Germany to meet with Rezaian, 39, who appeared in a photograph on the newspaper's website wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt and jeans and said he was feeling fine.
“I want people to know that physically I'm feeling good,” the Post quoted Rezaian as saying. “I know people are eager to hear from me but I want to process this for some time.”
Rezaian spent 49 days in solitary confinement before he was assigned a roommate in a 15-foot (4-meter) by 20-foot (6-meter) cell, one of his editors, Doug Jehl, told CNN after the meeting in Germany. He occupied his time by walking around an 8-foot (2-meter) by 8 foot (2-meter) concrete courtyard, reading fiction and looked forward to periodic visits from his wife and his mother.
“He wasn't sure until the plane took off that it was the end of his ordeal,” Jehl told CNN.
Other Americans freed with Rezaian included Amir Hekmati, a former U.S. Marine, who was detained while visiting family in Iran in August 2011, and who appeared smiling in a photograph taken in Germany on Monday.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Also released was Saeed Abedini, 35, an Iranian-American pastor from Idaho who was setting up an orphanage in Iran in 2012 when he was detained.
The fourth American freed was Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari, who did not travel on the plane that departed Tehran on Sunday.
The fifth American, Matthew Trevithick, who went to Iran in September to study Farsi at a language centre affiliated with Tehran University, was seen in photographs in the Boston Globe returning to family in Massachusetts on Sunday.
Warning: This piece contains spoilers for the recent season finale of Mr. Robot as well as the show's entire second season.
Continuing the trend of S2 at large, Mr. Robot's recent season finale may have provided more questions than answers for the series moving forward. However, this latest episode did include one extremely satisfying pay-off: the calculating Joanna Wellick finally revealed her long game.
Wellick's season-spanning arc full of security henchmen, younger DJs, and odd encounters with Elliot finally made sense after her latest encounter with E-Corp CTO Scott Knowles. If you recall, Wellick's husband (Tyrell) killed Knowles' wife (Sharon) towards the end of S1 before disappearing after the 5/9 hacks. And to clear her husband of all charges, Wellick essentially identified the DJ from that night, seduced him over several months, confronted Knowles and coaxed him into attacking her, and then used her bruises as leverage with the DJ to request that he testify to the cops about seeing Knowles fleeing the crime scene.
If that level of manipulation, foresight, and execution isn't mindblowing enough, Wellick also likely uttered the most memorable line of the Mr. Robot finale... which perhaps doubles as one of the meanest lines you'll ever hear on TV. (It's not exactly fit to print, but you can hear it at the 2:55 mark in the audio above.)
"When we got to the place in the script where I was saying those lines, I read them internally before I said it out loud," actor Stephanie Corneliussen (Wellick) told Ars during our latest podcast. "As I was preparing to utter the first part of the sentence, I just stopped. I looked up, and I looked across the table at Sam Esmail and gave him that kind of 'What did you do? I can't say this' look. And he just gives me one of those famous Sam scowls that's like 'go ahead, do it.' Then I said it. Everyone is reading along, but hearing it out loud... we just burst out laughing because it's so over the limit, so over the top.”
Corneliussen joined as a special guest on our season finale for Decrypted, Ars' Mr. Robot podcast. And in addition to reliving her villainous peak, she gladly touched on a number of subjects including Joanna, S2 as a whole, and the series going forward.
On seeing Joanna's plan finally come into focus:
“Finding out she has this master plan really going back to what we saw in S1—she's a master; an incredible manipulator.
I was especially happy because when I read the scripts originally, I only got the first five [episodes]. There was a lot of Joanna's story involving this new boyfriend. Being part of Joanna—it's a team effort between me, Sam, and the writers—I couldn't see her fall in love with some bartender. I was physically upset, tears in my eyes. I told Sam, 'You have to explain this to me because this is not Joanna.' He said don't worry, there's a plan. So I was happy that everyone eventually knew he was just a pawn in her game."
On her favorite non-Joanna characters this season (and if they should cross paths on the show):
"Angela has such an interesting story this season. Of all the character evolutions we see this season, she has the most extreme one. She becomes almost a completely different person—to me it's a Darth Vader and Anakin Skywalker thing, she literally just joins the Dark Side. And I would love to see, wherever Angela is going, if she could become friends with Joanna. I think they're becoming even more alike.
I also think Whiterose and Joanna… it's funny, BD [Wong] hit me up on Twitter the night of the finale and was like, 'What do you think—Whiterose and Joanna? Should we get some Bloody Marys?'"
On what surprised her in S2:
"With that whole process of us discovering Elliot was in jail—not that in particular, which by the way, a lot of people figured out, though not me—there's a moment where Joey Bada$$ comes up and Elliot is about to get attacked by these other inmates. All of a sudden, he just shows up like this ninja warrior out of nowhere. He slices and dices left and right, then turns around to tell Elliot, 'Tell Whiterose I did you good.' That's when I was like 'Whoa, what just happened?'
And the very last scene in the finale where he shows up and asks Trenton and Mobley a question, I just want to know what's going on, what's his role. I almost feel like he's got the same kind of introduction that I had in S1 where everyone was left wondering, 'Who is this character, what is their deal?'"
Her S3 hopes for Joanna:
"There are so many fun things I think you could do with her character. She's been acting sort of like the Gray Eminence, ruling behind the scenes. I would love to see her actually gain some more power.
But what I'm looking forward to the most is hopefully a reunion between her and Tyrell. I know for a fact, because I know her intimately, that she's missed him quite a bit. I would love to see what happens when and if Tyrell is reunited, and all of a sudden he schleps Elliot through the door and goes 'By the way, have you met?' 'Yep.'”
Look for more from Decrypted, Ars Technica's Mr. Robot podcast, when the show continues next summer with Season 3. If you enjoyed this season of podcasting, consider giving us a rating on iTunes (helps discoverability) or reaching out with feedback via the comments or e-mail (helps us improve it going forward). In the meantime, you can find all of our episodes from this season below.
Listen
Listing image by NBCUniversal
Residents of Misraba, in the rebel-held East Ghouta suburbs of Damascus, are demanding that all armed factions leave in a bid to make the town less of a target for airstrikes and bombardment.
One week ago, after an airstrike reportedly killed a dozen people in the town, the Misraba Local Council issued a statement demanding that all armed groups leave. “The residents of [Misraba] call for the exit of all armaments from the town …to avoid subjecting the town and its people to dangers, tragedy and damages that they cannot bear,” the statement read.
“Most people are very angry about the presence of security checkpoints and heavy weapons in the town,” a member of the town's local council, which maintains civilian control of the city, tells Syria Direct's Bahira al-Zarier and Mahran Mohammed.
Rebel factions Jaish al-Islam and Failaq a-Rahman currently maintain checkpoints in and around Misraba, a town of 25,000 residents.
Both Jaish and Failaq pledged to leave Misraba this past May, designating it a “neutral area” as part of a deal to stop nearly two weeks of deadly infighting. It wasn't until July 28 that Jaish al-Islam partially withdrew from Misraba, while Failaq remains in place.
If the armed groups do not leave, residents will “protest peacefully until we achieve our goals,” said the council member, who requested anonymity.
“We left Bashar al-Assad for freedom and dignity. It doesn't make sense for another group to come along and revoke our freedom.”
Last week's statement by civilian authorities in Misraba. Photo courtesy of the Misraba Local Council.
Q: Why did you issue the statement asking the armed factions to leave the town?
Most people are very angry about the presence of security checkpoints and heavy weapons in the town.
This statement was issued with the goal of stopping all of the military activities that Jaish al-Islam and Failaq a-Rahman are carrying out inside Misraba. Because of the struggles, the area has turned into a military zone in every sense of the word. The streets are blocked and the town is surrounded by earthen berms and security checkpoints, some belonging to Jaish al-Islam and some to Failaq a-Rahman.
[Ed.: Longstanding tensions between Jaish al-Islam and Failaq a-Rahman—the two strongest factions in East Ghouta—exploded into nearly two weeks of infighting this past April. A mid-May deal between the groups stipulated that Misraba would become neutral territory and instructed all armed groups to withdraw.]
Residents are really angry about the security checkpoints and heavy weaponry, given that Misraba is a civilian town. It is also home to more than 9,000 families who have fled from other villages and cities in East Ghouta.
[Last Friday,] a delegation from the Council of the People of Misraba, which represents all sectors of society, visited us and suggested the need to remove rebel military installations from the town.
They said that Misraba is too small to have this many checkpoints. Also, the city can't withstand the regime and Russian airstrikes. Recent airstrikes [in East Ghouta] killed a dozen people from Misraba. The town is already under pressure because of its large population. Two or three families live in one house.
The day before the delegation visited us, a group of women demonstrated, demanding that armed groups leave Misraba. Men didn't join them because they were afraid of being arrested, beaten or shot at.
Q: How has the statement been received?
The statement has been well-received by the residents.
As a council we can't ignore the opinion of the majority of people in Misraba. Residents demonstrated against the armed factions here and proposed the idea of a statement.
Q: In your statement, you also called on “opportunistic, biased reporters to stop their irresponsible actions.” Why was this sentence included?
We included that statement after one of the journalists [in Misraba] took a picture of a girl trapped underneath rubble. The journalist left the scene without helping her. People asked, “is this picture more valuable than her life? How much did he sell it for?”
We in the council have issued several statements requesting that journalists report through the council's media office—media is a responsibility, and it should be published by an official body, and we have an official page. But the journalists refused, saying that they are independent.
When a bombing happens, a journalist comes and photographs it, writes his name and the name of the town and gives it to other stations in return for a little money. The picture helps the regime determine where the target is so they can bomb the site again.
Many people here are worried about cameras because they bring nothing except for more bombs.
The world knows about the violations and massacres that are occurring but they are spineless. There is no point to photography—it doesn't bring us anything. Also many journalists aren't professionals.
Q: You're asking rebel factions to leave. Do you see the regime as a threat?
We aren't asking the groups to leave Ghouta. We want them to leave Misraba. Our city is far from the front lines. As I told you before, we are the commercial market for all of Ghouta and we have a dense population of civilians.
[Ed.: Traders living in Misraba reportedly cut deals with traders in neighboring regime-held territory and are able to bring some goods into East Ghouta. The illicit trade, coupled with smuggling tunnels, is a lifeline for the regime-blockaded suburbs and makes Misraba an economic center.]
We want the armed groups to go to Jobar, for example, which is on the front lines. There are many cities and villages located near the front lines.
Q: If the factions don't respond, what will you do?
We will protest peacefully until we achieve our goals, our safety, our dignity and our future. We left Bashar al-Assad for freedom and dignity. It doesn't make sense for another group to come along and revoke our freedom.
We won't allow injustice to continue, no matter who is behind it.
A lone gunman, reportedly distraught over President Trump's election, opened fire on Republican members of the congressional baseball team last week.
Bullets struck four people including the majority whip of the House of Representatives­– Steve Scalise (R-La.).
In the hours that followed, it quickly became clear that the senseless act of violence was deeply condemned by the vast majority of people, regardless of political affiliation.
As it should.
ADVERTISEMENT
However, despite the unity in wishing the victims full and speedy recoveries, the partisan vitriol that preceded the attack immediately continued in placing blame for the shooting.
It is no surprise that conservatives blamed liberals.
Memes featuring pictures of Kathy Griffin holding the — now infamous — decapitated Trump effigy; resist protesters burning cars; and beaten up Trump paraphernalia-wearing conservatives accompanied social media posts as additional evidence of the "violent left."
Author Dinesh D'Souza tweeted, "What do @KathyGriffin and the theatrical Trump assassins in the park say when they see their words translated into action?"
Meanwhile, it was equally unsurprising that the left blamed lax gun control for the shooting.
David Frum, senior editor of The Atlantic, tweeted "Virginia: No background checks. No licensing. No registration. No permit req'd for concealed carry of long guns. Open carry long guns & handguns."
Igor Volsky, Vice President at the Center for American Progress, tweeted "Deranged people of all types & motivations do bad things. Access to guns makes them deadly. We must make guns harder to get in America."
In response, conservatives accused the left of using this tragedy to push gun control policy and exploiting the violent victimization of a Republican who would likely oppose such reform.
While some have jumped to their partisan conclusion on why a prominent politician was gunned down in a democracy like America, others are thinking longer and harder about what transpired.
In due time, more details about the gunman's motivation will probably be revealed, but whatever he believed and however he attempted to rationalize his actions will likely be only a symptom of a larger sociological problem­ that would still exist even if his access to guns were more restricted.
Ignoring the disaffected is one way to create an environment that cultivates violence. For example, like the Baltimore riots in 1968, liberal protesters resorted to violent demonstrations following the police-involved death of Freddie Gray.
In the 60's Martin Luther King explained the riots as "the language of the unheard."
That message resonates still. While racism is no longer as overt as it once was, covert forms are still prevalent, but largely ignored.
In addition to racism, restricted access to education, justice, physical and mental healthcare, and affordable housing, are among other issues lacking solutions.
Elected officials must regain perceived legitimacy by addressing the sociological issues that plague the disaffected; while also becoming more trustworthy, respectful, and neutral; as well as giving all people a voice by listening to their concerns, regardless of partisanship.
For years, America's perceived legitimacy has been compromised, most recently with Russian intervention in the election of the president of our sovereign nation.
More consistently, our country has disenfranchised and marginalized large segments of our population without redress.
Why does America's democracy now find itself in a place where people resort to violence to express their political disagreements? Because the process in place to arbitrate these disagreements is no longer perceived as being procedurally just.
If American politicians don't regain legitimacy and begin addressing the sociological root causes of incidents like this, these tragedies will be destined to repeat and our rule of law will continue to erode to the detriment of us all.
Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco holds a Ph.D. in Criminology, Law and Society from George Mason University, with an expertise in human trafficking. She currently serves as a human trafficking expert witness for criminal cases and her book, “Hidden in Plain Sight: America's Slaves of the New Millennium,” will be published by Praeger/ABC-Clio this year. Mehlman-Orozco's writing can be found in Thompson Reuters, Forbes, The Washington Post, The Houston Chronicle, The Baltimore Sun, The Crime Report and The Diplomatic Courier.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Two women filed a lawsuit [complaint, PDF] against Uber on Tuesday in a San Francisco federal court alleging that they had been sexually assaulted by their Uber drivers.
The women claim that they are not the only ones—that drivers have been using their rail-hailing services as a platform to sexually assault and harass more than 1,000 riders. The lawsuit seeks class action status.
The women, who filed suit under Jane Doe pseudonyms, blame Uber's lax background checks and monitoring of their drivers as the main cause of the abuse. Despite repeated allegations of rape, assault and harassment, the company has failed to increase their vetting processes.
According to the lawsuit, up to this point, Uber has escaped following regulatory policies that would be enforced on a typical transportation company by instead labeling themselves as a, “technology company.” This discretionary decision has allowed Uber to use minimal driver screening before and after hiring.
The complaint notes how Massachusetts had initiated a stricter review of potential Uber drivers. Of the 71,000 people that applied, 8,000 failed out right. 1,599 of the 8,000 were found to have committed violent crimes and 51 were registered sex offenders.
According to the complaint:
Over the last seven years, Uber has done everything possible to continue using low-cost, woefully inadequate background checks on drivers and has failed to monitor drivers for any violent or inappropriate conduct after they are hired. Nothing meaningful has been done to make rides safer for passengers—especially women.
The complaint goes on to allege that Uber has willingly created a culture for bad actors to have access to innocent victims. The women believe that court intervention is, “the only way to stop making women pay the price for its shameful failure to act.”
The lawsuit seeks possible remedies to the abuse, including requiring all Uber drivers to undergo in person screenings, installing video cameras in all Uber cars, performing national background checks on drivers every six months, etc.
Uber has yet to comment on the lawsuit.
Everyday I'm more and more excited that I'm heading home SO soon (15 more sleeps but who's counting lol!). I'm sure anybody who lives far away can relate. Are you travelling long distances over the holidays? I head home twice a year, once during the holidays and once during the summertime. And the couple of weeks before I head home it's always soo hard to concentrate! I've been so giddy and excited lately it's hard to keep it all in! I've been trying my best to harness all my excited energy towards getting every single one of my papers done before I head home. #gettingitdone
But enough about heading home. How about introducing a new appy to your Christmas round up? Christmas around our home there is just soo much food and my family takes appetizers very seriously. Not that I'm complaining, but sometimes there are so many appies being passed around that by the time dinner comes around I already feel completely stuffed. That's why I'm seriously considering bringing in some ‘lighter' appies this year that are fun to snack on but won't leave you feeling so full it's hard to enjoy the main course 😉
The Cheesy Oil Free Kale chips are getting made this Christmas and that's final!
J was less than convinced when I told him I was making chips out of kale. And then he tried one. After one bite of these Cheesy Oil Free Kale Chips he was hooked and after a few minutes the entire bowl of kale chips was gone! Haha, his words not mind – “these are really addicting”. #boyfriendapproved 😉
These Cheesy Oil Free Kale Chips are:
Crunchy.
Savory.
Cheesy.
With a slight kick.
Oh-so addicting.
Betcha can't eat just one!
4.5 from 6 reviews Cheesy Oil Free Kale Chips {Vegan} Print Prep time 5 mins Cook time 20 mins Total time 25 mins These Cheesy Oil Free Kale Chips are the best. They are cheesy, salty, savory and make the perfect healthy naturally gluten free and vegan snack! Author: Ceara Recipe type: Snack Serves: 6 servings Ingredients 350 grams/ 12 ounces kale, hard stems removed and torn into fairly large pieces
¼ cup nutritional yeast
Juice from ½ lemon
½ - 1 tsp cayenne pepper*
½ tsp sea salt (optional) Directions Pre-heat the oven to 350F/175C. Line a baking sheet with a slipmat or piece of parchment paper. Prep your kale. Wash it, remove the leaves from the hard stems and tear the kale leaves into fairly large bite size pieces. Dry the kale so it's no longer wet from washing it. Toss and massage the nutritional yeast, lemon juice, cayenne pepper, and (optional) sea salt into the kale leaves. *do not over-massage the kale leaves - you don't want them becoming too soft. Just until the nutritional yeast is a bit "absorbed" into the leaves! Spread the kale leaves out on the baking sheet. Make sure the leaves are close together but not touching or overlapping in order to get a crunchy chip! Bake for 15 - 20 mins until the kale chips are perfectly crunchy and start to brown a bit around the edges! You may have to increase/decrease the time by a couple of minutes depending on how damp your oven is. Eat right away. Kale Chips are not as crunchy the next day. Notes *The amount of cayenne you use will depend on how spicy you want your kale chips 3.2.2885
If you do try these Oil Free Cheesy Kale Chips or any other recipes of mine, I love hearing about it! Insta or Tweet it to me (@cearaskitchen with hashtag #cearaskitchen) or Facebook it to me via the Ceara's Kitchen Facebook Page!
Ronald Reagan gave the Republican Party its biggest wins in the post-war era, brought up two generations of conservatives to emulate him, and gave the party new life after Richard Nixon trashed it. After Reagan, suddenly everyone was a conservative in the Republican party.
Donald Trump, in an interview with George Stephanopoulos on ABC, revealed his intent to define the Republican party away from conservatism.
Stephanopoulos was quizzing Trump about party unity, questioning his relationship with Speaker Paul Ryan, who so far has refused to support Trump. In discussing his willingness to meet with Ryan, he also said he doesn't think the party has to be unified “in the traditional sense,” and went on to suggest the party should move away from conservatism:
But don't forget: this is called the Republican party. It's not called the Conservative Party. You know, there are Conservative parties. This is called the Republican party.
Well, I'm a conservative. If Trump doesn't want me unified with him, that suits me fine. I was #NeverTrump before Aaron Gardner invented #NeverTrump.
Here's the video:
CHICAGO — During Monday's pregame broadcast, TNT basketball analyst and NBA Hall of Famer Charles Barkley confirmed that there have been only three straight players in the history of the league: himself and two of his former Phoenix Suns teammates. "So there was me, obviously, Kevin Johnson, and I'm pretty sure Dan Majerle was mostly straight," said Barkley, adding that Wilt Chamberlain had sex with at least twice as many men as women. "George Mikan, Michael Jordan, Jerry West, the entire Detroit Pistons roster under Chuck Daley, Chuck Daley, James Worthy, which is a no-brainer once you meet the guy, Derrick Coleman, and everyone else—all card-carrying friends of Dorothy. I'll say this, if you want to see gay in all its glory, enter an NBA locker room. There is no more gay-friendly place on earth.” Barkley's controversial statement comes on the heels of another incident just two days earlier, when Kevin McHale, upon being asked about Joakim Noah's use of an antigay slur, responded by passionately kissing TNT commentator Kenny Smith until the channel broke to commercial.
Advertisement
The investigation into the origin of the violence that gripped Muzaffarnagar for four days has led police to a popular networking application WhatsApp. The police believe a video of two young men being allegedly lynched, which was actually recorded at least two years ago, was passed from phone to phone across the district through this application.
Muzaffarnagar Riots: Cops ask FB to block violence video
WhatsApp is a cross-platform mobile messaging app which lets users exchange messages without having to pay for SMS.
Editorial: Communal conflict in UP must be checked
On August 27, police said, Gaurav and Sachin knifed Shahbaz in Kawaal village after an argument over a petty issue. Soon after, residents of the village lynched the two boys. A few days later, a video of two boys being beaten did the rounds across the district on the Internet and mobile phones. However, police later determined that the video was two years old and was actually recorded in either Afghanistan or Pakistan. Although police blocked the video on the Internet, it spread through WhatsApp.
In Pics: Mob targets fleeing villagers in Muzaffarnagar
Inspector General of Police (Law and Order) R K Vishwakarma said: "The video surfaced on August 29 and a day later we had blocked it on the Internet. However, it was passed on from phone to phone through WhatsApp and within a few days, thousands of people had viewed it. This only served to inflame sentiments." He added that this method was indeed a "learning experience" for the police.
Muzaffarnagar Riots: What Akhilesh Yadav won't tell
Senior police officials admitted that the application caught then unawares. "We did not imagine so many people would have access to the net on their mobile phones and WhatsApp.
... contd.
ALSO READ CBI sought part RTI exemption, Govt gave it full
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Interested in reading without even the slightest spoiler? Click here.
Blake Thorburn was driven away from home and family by a vicious fight over inheritance, returning only for a deathbed visit with the grandmother who set it in motion. Blake soon finds himself next in line to inherit the property, a trove of dark supernatural knowledge, and the many enemies his grandmother left behind her in the small town of Jacob's Bell.
Pact is the second undertaking of Wildbow (J.C. McCrae in real life) following the completion of the popular superhero web serial Worm. Pact is a web serial in the modern supernatural genre, and was updated one chapter at a time on Tuesdays and Saturdays, 12:01am, eastern standard time. Chapters are grouped into arcs, five to ten chapters that cover a single theme or substory, with side content appearing between arcs. It now joins Worm as a finished work, having run for a little over a year and three months.
Any resemblance to real people, things or places is coincidental. Pact is liable to be dark, given the author's tendencies & style. With that in mind, trigger warnings abound. Though efforts are made to treat all mature subjects with the gravitas it deserves, young and emotionally vulnerable readers are advised to skip over this story. Expect violence and foul language, and know that sex may well happen, though it will occur ‘offscreen'.
Pact is generally aimed at readers aged eighteen or older, acknowledging that some younger people are more than capable of handling the aforementioned material and topics, while some older people can't. Use your own judgement, because you know yourself best.
Click here to start reading.
J.C. McCrae can be contacted at Wildbowpig@gmail.com for the time being. I would prefer that fans use the comment section rather than email, if there's any choice between the two.
Hitachi drives crush competing models from Seagate and Western Digital when it comes to reliability, according to data from cloud backup provider Backblaze. Their collection of more than 27,000 consumer-grade drives indicated that the Hitachi drives have a sub-two percent annualized failure rate, compared to three to four percent for Western Digital models, and as high as 25 percent for some Seagate units.
Hard drive manufacturers like to claim that their disks are extremely reliable. The main reliability measure used of hard disks is the mean time between failures (MTBF), and typically this is quoted as being somewhere between 100,000 and 1 million hours, or between 11 and 110 years.
These failures are generally assumed to follow a so-called bathtub curve, with relatively high failure rates when the drive is new—"infant mortality," caused by manufacturing defects—and similarly when the drive nears the end of its useful life, but low failure rates in between.
Data to actually support these beliefs, however, has always been a little scarce. Even when studies are published, the data within them is often anonymized. Backblaze's data names names and shows some big differences between the manufacturers.
Backblaze's data covers a range of drive models, capacities, and ages. In aggregate, the company has just under 40PB of Seagate storage, 36PB of Hitachi storage, and 2.6PB of Western Digital storage. The company has a few Samsung units (sold to Seagate in 2011) and Toshiba units, but too few to draw any meaningful conclusions.
Even from the same manufacturer there are some big differences. The least reliable drives are 1.5TB Seagate Barracudas that are nearing four years old on average, with an astonishing 25.4 percent annual failure rate. The newest Seagate drives, 4TB models, have a much more reasonable 3.8 percent annual failure rate. The units from Hitachi prove a lot more consistent, with the oldest drives, 2TB units averaging about three years old, having a failure rate of 1.1 percent, and the newest, 4TB units, having a 1.5 percent annual failure rate.
These numbers show just how useless the manufacturer's MTBF numbers can really be. Those 1.5TB Seagate drives are mostly split between two models. There are 539 models ST31500341AS Barracuda 7200.11 drives, which are specified by Seagate to have an annualized failure rate of 0.34 percent and an MTBF of 0.7 million hours, and there are 1929 models ST31500541AS Barracuda LP drives specified to have an AFR of 0.32 percent and an MTBF of 0.75 million hours.
Backblaze recorded AFRs of 25.4 percent and 9.9 percent respectively; substantially worse than the spec sheet number. However, there's a big difference. Backblaze's drives are operated 24/7. They're powered on all the time and aren't spun down or put to sleep by the system software using them. Seagate's AFR and MTBF numbers assume that the drives are powered on for only 2,400 hours each year, but conversely are spun down and backed up either 10,000 times per year (for the Barracuda 7200.11 units) or 50,000 times a year (for the Barracuda LP models).
Clearly, Seagate's usage model doesn't correspond at all to the way Backblaze uses the drives. These are consumer desktop drives, being used in a server scenario. However, it's not clear that Seagate's model corresponds very well with even desktop usage. For example, if you leave your desktop turned on 24/7, Seagate's MTBF number is irrelevant to you. If your desktop doesn't power down its hard drive when idle, Seagate's MTBF number is irrelevant to you. While there are sure to be some people who fit the assumptions, it's difficult to say that the specified MTBF actually represents typical usage.
In contrast, the company's enterprise-oriented disks calculate their AFRs and MTBFs assuming 8760 powered-on hours per year—which is to say, 24/7 operation. Even these have constraints, though, as they assume that only a certain amount of I/O is performed each year; do more than this amount, and the life of the disk may again be shortened.
In practice, it's likely that any large-scale collection of hard drive data is going to have these same discrepancies, leaving little good way to evaluate the accuracy of MTBF specs for desktop drives. The people using hard disks in bulk are going to be those operating data centers, not desktop systems. The use of consumer drives isn't unusual, due to their lower pricing, and clearly the drives do work well enough in servers.
Another feature of the Backblaze data is that it doesn't consistently show the bathtub curve. The Western Digital drives do appear to show a bathtub curve, with an initial burst of failures followed by long-term reliability, but neither the Seagate nor Hitachi drives appear to do the same.
Though backups are always important, none of this means that owners of Seagate drives should crack open their PCs and rush to replace their drives. Backblaze notes that its conditions are pretty hostile. Two particular kinds of drives, Western Digital 3TB units and Seagate LP (low power) 2TB units, suffered extreme failure rates. However, the company believes that this is primarily due to the level of vibration in their drive cages which pack 45 disks into a 4U case, combined with both drives being energy-efficient models that aggressively spin down when not in use. These things are less likely to be an issue in regular desktop machines.
Even with the higher failure rate, Backblaze says that it is still buying Seagate drives, as they're cost-effective for the company's RAID usage. It might not be best to run out and buy Hitachi drives for their reliability, either. Hitachi sold its drive business to Western Digital last year, and Western Digital subsequently sold the 3.5-inch drive division to Toshiba, and it's too soon to know whether this has had any impact on their longevity.
Listing image by Alpha six
Environment Canada is warning Albertans to brace for an extended heat wave that is about to descend on virtually the entire province and last for days — if not weeks.
"These actually, for some places, could very well be record-breaking temperatures," senior Environment Canada climatologist David Phillips said Monday.
"This is clearly exceptional."
Heat warnings are already in effect in southeastern Alberta, including for the city of Medicine Hat, where temperatures are forecast to reach 32 C on Tuesday and 38 C by Saturday.
"This is forecast to be an unusually long-duration, high-temperature event and is currently expected to last for longer than a week," Environment Canada warned.
Phillips said the intense sun and heat is expected to touch nearly every corner of Alberta in early July.
"What impresses me about this particular heat wave … is that it's provincewide," he said.
"From High River to High Level, my gosh, from Fort McMurray to Fort Macleod — everybody is going to be in it."
Hotter than last summer
This summer is already shaping up to be much hotter than last year, Phillips noted.
"Last year, just to give you an example, Edmonton had no days above 30 C and they could see three this week," he said.
"Calgary had one day last year that got above 30 C. They've already had that in June and now they're going to see a whole spate of these in July."
Rafters and paddleboarders make their way down the Bow River in Calgary on a sunny Monday afternoon. (Robson Fletcher/CBC)
While heat like this isn't unheard of in Alberta in the summer, it usually arrives later in the season.
"It's come a month before what we call the dog days of summer, which typically come toward the end of July and the beginning of August," Phillips said.
"This could very well be the pattern we're going to see for the rest of the summer," he added.
"Not as intensely and torridly warm as this — that would be quite something — but certainly our models seem to suggest, and so do the Americans', that we're in for, clearly, a warmer than normal summer."
Heat safety advice
During heat waves like this, Environment Canada advises people to take precautions to protect themselves and their loved ones, such as:
Consider rescheduling outdoor activities to cooler hours of the day.
Take frequent breaks from the heat, spending time outdoors at your house or at cooled public buildings (including malls or indoor pools).
Drink plenty of water and other non-alcoholic, non-caffeinated beverages to stay hydrated.
Do not leave any person or pet inside a closed vehicle, for any length of time.
Alberta Health Services also recommends keeping an eye out for symptoms of heat stroke or heat exhaustion.
Those symptoms include high body temperature, lack of sweat, confusion, fainting, and unconsciousness.
Public health officials urge extra vigilance in monitoring people who are particularly vulnerable to the heat, including children, seniors, outdoor workers, people who are socially isolated and people with pre-existing lung, heart, kidney, nervous system, mental health or diabetic conditions.
More information is available at www.ahs.ca/heat.
ASRD A Step in the Right Direction
A Step in the Right Direction is a sneaker based wearable technology project designed by Stefan Dukaczewski / MSTRPLN in collaboration with Ubiq boutique.
The idea of footwear was pushed further by converging elements of digital culture with fashion and design into a wearble technology. The end product is a sneaker designed to detect Wi-Fi wireless internet hot-spots wherever the user may roam, with every step.The ASRD sneaker is equipped with an integrated wireless internet detection unit embedded under the flap of the left shoe. Once the pressure sensitive insole is activated, the unit scans the surrounding area for Wi-Fi signals and displays the result through LEDs.The three LEDs on the flap enclosure represent the signal strength of any wireless internet signals within a 50 meter area. A blinking LED represents no signal, while a solid LED shows that there is a signal present.The ASRD is based on the Nike Dunk platform and was re-engineered by MSTRPLN to fit the needs of this project.The aesthetics of the shoe keep in theme with a covert and stealthy feel. This is represented through the subdued all-black colorway and additional technical features, notably the shroud style lace-saver that takes design cues from the skate shoes of the late 80's.Additionally, the ASRD uses a dual-lacing system developed so that the shoe could be laced either internally with speed loops, or laced in the conventional manner. Lace locks keep everything under control. / © 2005-2008.
TransCanada says it has refiled an application in Nebraska seeking approval for the Keystone XL pipeline route through the state, a hotbed of opposition to the project.
The company says the application with the Nebraska Public Service Commission is the clearest path to achieving route certainty, adding that it expects a decision on its application by the end of the year.
It says the proposed route was approved by the governor of Nebraska in 2013 and its application has been shaped by "direct, on-the-ground input from Nebraskans."
Nebraska has been the site of some of the fiercest opposition to Keystone XL due to concerns that a spill could contaminate the Ogallala Aquifer.
TransCanada says the pipeline would avoid the Nebraska Sandhills area of the state under which the aquifer sits.
The company filed a presidential permit application for the project late last month after being invited to by President Donald Trump, who has asked that the review process be done quickly.
Power Players
It felt like a green version of hell.
That's how Elizabeth Warren described a meeting with President Obama in 2011 when she learned that she would not be tapped to lead the newly created consumer watchdog agency that she had pioneered. It was a hot day, and the president wanted to have the meeting outside.
“It was these tall, tall hedges, so there was no air,” Sen. Warren told ABC News' David Muir in a sit-down interview. “The president said, ‘Isn't this great?' And I thought, ‘God, you gotta be kidding me.'”
In her new memoir, “A Fighting Chance,” Warren writes about her life's journey – from the time she first confronted economic hardship as a child growing up in Oklahoma, to becoming a Harvard law professor and renowned consumer advocate in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, to her current role representing Massachusetts as a U.S. senator.
"You make them nervous,” Warren recalled Obama telling her during their meeting.
Facing strong Republican opposition on Capitol Hill, Warren's confirmation process as the first director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau would have almost certainly failed. Obama instead nominated Richard Cordray to lead the new oversight agency, and he was successfully confirmed.
“The big banks had said from the very beginning they would kill this agency and … they didn't want me to lead it,” Warren said. “And their Republican friends in the United States Senate had made it clear that they were not gonna confirm me.”
Warren writes in the book that Larry Summers, a top economic adviser to Obama at the time, told her she would have to decide: did she want to be an outsider or an insider?
"Outsiders can make a lot of noise, but insiders are not going to listen,” Warren recalled Summers as having said. “Insiders have a chance to influence what's happening, but there is a cardinal rule: Insiders never criticize other insiders.”
And though Warren has since gone on to become a senator, she resists the notion that she has become an insider because of it. “I came to this too late to be an insider,” Warren said.
When she took her seat in the Senate Banking Committee for the first time in February of 2013, Warren showed no sign of putting down her outsider ways, and instead took to task a group of regulators sets to testify.
“Tell me a little bit about the last few times you've taken the biggest financial institutions on Wall Street all the way to trial?" Warren asked the regulators during the hearing -- a question Warren said was answered with silence.
“They go after, you know, the little folks,” Warren said. “Somebody who gets caught with a couple of ounces of marijuana, boy, you better believe there's someone there to go after them. But these huge financial institutions that launder drug money, financial institutions that have broken our sanctions with Iran … there's no enthusiasm, no appetite to take those guys to trial, to say, ‘You're responsible, you're the one who did this, and you have to be accountable to the American people.'”
“Boy, you want to talk about a tilted playing field? There it is,” she added.
Warren also reflected on her own life and the financial struggles her family faced after her father had a heart attack that took him out of work for an extended period of time as he recovered.
“I learned when I was 12 and my daddy had that heart attack that good people can get smacked in the head economically, and their whole lives can be turned upside down,” she said. “After my daddy had a heart attack, that's when I grew up.”
While Warren's family was eventually able to get back on their feet economically, Warren said she is worried that the same opportunity is not available to most Americans today.
“Today, families are tangled, they are tangled in debt,” she said. “The kids have to pay incredible prices to go to college and take on student loan debts that crush them. We're not building those same opportunities, those same second chances for families, for our kids that we built a generation ago. And if we don't make some changes, it's gonna fundamentally change this country.”
Despite suggestions that she could present a formidable challenge to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who has yet to announce whether she will run for president in 2016, Warren said she is not considering a bid for the White House.
Jaime Phillips, who falsely told paper Roy Moore had impregnated her, had ties to conservative activist James O'Keefe's Project Veritas, Post says
A conservative group known for undercover investigations has been linked to a woman who falsely told the Washington Post that the Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore impregnated her as a teenager, the newspaper reported.
Moore has been accused of multiple instances of sexual misconduct, which the newspaper had reported on. But the Post determined that one accuser who approached the newspaper earlier in the month, identified as Jaime Phillips, made up a fake story probably designed to embarrass the newspaper.
The Post published a story Monday about its dealings with Phillips. Earlier in the day, reporters from the newspaper saw Phillips walking into the New York offices of Project Veritas, a conservative group with a long track record of targeting Democratic groups and major media outlets, often by hiding their identities and using hidden cameras.
“We don't comment on investigations, real or imagined, or imagined stings,” the conservative activist and Project Veritas leader James O'Keefe told the Associated Press Monday evening.
O'Keefe released an unrelated video that he said exposed liberal bias at the newspaper hours after the Post story was initially published.
‘Their own media megaphone': what do the Koch brothers want from Time? Read more
The video featured a series of secretly recorded conversations with Post employees. One reporter, Dan Lamothe, suggests the Post's opinion page is too critical of the Trump administration. He also says its more traditional news coverage calls out the Trump administration's missteps while giving “him credit where there's credit” due.
The Post reported Monday afternoon that Phillips had approached one of its reporters earlier in the month as Moore faced several accusations of sexual misconduct. In a series of interviews over two weeks, Phillips told the Post about an alleged sexual relationship with Moore in 1992 that led to an abortion when she was 15.
She repeatedly pressed Post reporters to give their opinions on the effects that her claims could have on Moore's candidacy if she went public, the newspaper reported. The Post did not publish Phillips' claims and confronted her with inconsistencies in her story. She told the Post she was not working with any organization that targets journalists.
A previous O'Keefe sting led to the demise of Acorn, a community organizing group that O'Keefe portrayed as engaged in criminal activity via hidden camera videos. O'Keefe was convicted in 2010 as part of a scheme to illegally make recordings at the office of the then Louisiana senator Mary Landrieu, a Democrat.
Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Nation of Islam)
Racism burns down Atlanta: liberal honkies lynch black Muslim DNC chairman candidate
—BombThrowers: Racist whites teamed up with illegal aliens on the Democratic National Committee to reject a heavily favored black Muslim candidate for DNC chairman. Congressman Keith Ellison (D-Minn.), a friend of America-hating jihadists everywhere, had been expected to win the hotly contested race to become the in-your-face of the Democratic Party. Sadly, it was not to be. Yahoo News lamented the obviously racist, sexist, transphobic, bicurious-phobic, Islamophobic conspiracy against the eminently qualified Brother Keith, whose Muslim Brotherhood name is Keith Hakim.
No rational person doubts that Ellison, a man who loves America the way Adolf Hitler loved Germany circa April 1945, was unfairly otherized by Democrats loyal to former President Obama's preferred candidate and eventual DNC winner former Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. Ellison was dogged by his past associations with the Nation of Islam and his past defense of its founder, Louis Farrakhan, who had made anti-Semitic comments. Ellison, the first Muslim elected to Congress, disavowed his association with the group in 2006. His supporters pointed to his long history of winning elections in Minnesota and ability to bring together different coalitions of voters through grassroots organizing.
This is, of course, neoliberal propaganda deployed by white privilege-imbued rich people to justify the brutal second-ballot beat-down of Ellison. The DNC, after all, is on record as endorsing Black Lives Matter and accusing American police officers of committing genocide against blacks. President Donald Trump, long a huge fan of Ellison's work, jumped onto Twitter to denounce the Democratic Party's crooked election and mock the victor. Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2017 Within minutes, Perez shot back on Twitter: Follow Call me Tom. And don't get too happy. @keithellison and I, and Democrats united across the country, will be your worst nightmare. https://t.co/fu7WvLofrD — Tom Perez (@TomPerez) February 25, 2017 Having been conquered by Perez, Ellison announced that Sharia law required that he become the new DNC's chairman slave for life. A senior White House aide said the president is considering his options. (Yes, this is satire. With luck it's funny too but no promises there.)
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Matthew Vadum, Bombthrowers, and matthewvadum.blogspot.com, is an investigative reporter at a watchdog group in Washington, D.C.
His new book Subversion Inc. can be bought at Amazon.com (US), Amazon.ca (Canada)
Visit the Subversion Inc. Facebook page. Follow me on Twitter.
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned. As a privately owned website, we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence and death, racism, anti-Semitism, or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban.-- Follow these instructions on registering
The Egg McMuffin is an iconic breakfast sandwich packing a fried egg, bacon, toasted bread, and cheese in one to-go package. McDonald's Executive Chef Dan Coudreaut demonstrates how to cook it yourself at home.
You only really need a few simple ingredients and equipment to replicate the Egg McMuffin. The only thing you might not have is a ring mold (to make the fried eggs round), but a mason jar ring could be a good substitute.
Advertisement
Besides the step-by-step instructions here, Coudreaut offers several useful tips (as he did when sharing the company's Big Mac instructions). For example, you can easily break the egg yolk just by tapping the center of the yolk with the eggshell (around 2:18). Another tip is to add a little water to the pan; this creates steam for cooking the egg and getting it nice and fluffy.
Advertisement
For your future reference and if you don't care to watch the video, Yahoo!'s Shine has the directions and recipe in one page.
Olympic Games: Best of Our Best Taste - Egg McMuffin | YouTube
Story highlights The girl is in stable condition
To date, the WHO has been informed of 54 cases, including 30 deaths
A 14-year-old Saudi girl is the latest confirmed case of the sometimes deadly MERS virus, the WHO said Wednesday.
To date, the World Health Organization has been informed of 54 cases, including 30 deaths.
The Saudi health ministry told the agency that the girl became ill on May 29. She is in stable condition.
Middle East respiratory symptom coronavirus, or MERS, acts like a cold virus and attacks the respiratory system, the U.S.-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said. But symptoms, which include fever and a cough, are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure.
JUST WATCHED Saudi Arabia has more MERS cases Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Saudi Arabia has more MERS cases 00:59
Coronaviruses cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to SARS, or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, as well as a variety of animal diseases.
Health officials do not yet know much about how the newly discovered virus spreads, which makes it hard for scientists to prevent infections, Chan said.
The WHO is calling for the world to pull together its resources to study and tackle the virus.
View in Summary
6.8.1 Flags
Large Flags
Senators and Members have an entitlement, within the limit of their office budget, to distribute certain large flags as described below to the following eligible recipients:
schools, local councils, churches and other non-profit or benevolent community organisations, associations and groups which have occasion to display the flag from flag poles on their premises, or which display the flag on special public occasions, or in halls or meeting rooms
community organisations, Australian exchange students and humanitarian aid workers undertaking official visits or duties overseas
a family member, or an ex-service organisation representative, for use at the funeral of an Australian war veteran.
Flags may not be made available under this program to businesses or commercial enterprises.
There is no limit, other than the extent of the office budget, on the number of Australian National Flags, Aboriginal Flags and Torres Strait Islander Flags that can be purchased for presentation to the eligible recipients listed above.
The entitlement to large flags is not a separate or additional budget to the office budget. Accounts will only be paid to the limit of the office budget. Senators and Members should note that while there is no limit on the purchase of large flags, other than the limit of the office budget, a maximum of 50 large flags per financial year (no larger than 1,370 mm x 685 mm) may be presented to private individuals.1
Large Flag Types and Sizes
The National Flag, the Aboriginal Flag and the Torres Strait Islander Flag are available for presentation, to eligible recipients in the following sizes:
1,370 mm x 685 mm
1,830 mm x 915 mm
2,400 mm x 1,200 mm
3,660 mm x 1,830 mm.
The Red Ensign (1,370 mm x 685 mm and 1,830 mm x 915 mm) is also available for presentation to service-related groups.
The Royal Australian Air Force Ensign and the Australian White Ensign are not included in this entitlement. The Australian Government has no obligations in respect of payment for orders by Senators and Members for the Royal Australian Air Force Ensign or the Australian White Ensign.
Where a special case exists for a flag of non-standard size or of more durable material to be ordered, a Senator or Member should consult their Entitlements Manager.
Desktop and Hand-waver Flags for Presentation to Constituents
In addition to the above entitlement to distribute large flags, Senators and Members have an entitlement, within the limit of their office budget, to distribute desktop and hand-waver flags to schools, local councils, churches and other non-profit or benevolent community organisations, associations and groups which have occasion to display the flag, and to private individuals.2
Orders for Flags
Orders for flags must be made using the OrderMax online tool. Senators and Members may choose to maintain a reasonable stock of large flags in their electorate office.
It is expected that there will be an element of formality in the act and/or ceremony attached to the manner in which large flags are presented and that the presentation is made directly by the Senator or Member to the recipient. Large flags should not be distributed more generally. For example, large flags should not be included in general information packages to constituents.
Flag Expenditure
Senators and Members are encouraged to check the accuracy of any flag-related expenditure in their monthly management report, each month as it is received, to ensure that the entitlement has been used appropriately and that no more than 50 large flags per annum have been presented to private individuals (excluding flags provided for use at the funeral of an Australian war veteran).
6.8.2 The Chamber Flag Program
Members are also able to obtain a flag, which has been hung in the Chamber on a sitting day, with an accompanying certificate. One flag may be obtained by each Member each calendar year on application to the Serjeant-At-Arms. Additional Chamber flags may be obtained subject to availability and at the discretion of the Serjeant-at-Arms.
This facility is part of the CRP and presentation of these flags is subject to the same requirements and limitations as the presentation of other flags under the CRP including the cap on presentation to private individuals.3
6.8.3 Display of Flags at Electorate and Ministerial Offices
Please see section 3.1.12 for information regarding the display of flags both inside and outside electorate and Ministerial offices.
6.8.4 Printed Material Related to National Symbols
Senators and Members may obtain the following items for distribution to their constituents by placing an order for items using the OrderMax online tool:
booklet on the flags of Australia
booklet on Australia's national symbols
compact disc and DVD recordings of the National Anthem
portraits of Her Majesty The Queen and Her Majesty The Queen and His Royal Highness, The Duke of Edinburgh.4
Words and sheet music for the National Anthem including Brass and Military Band musical arrangements are also available to download from It's an Honour website.
Footnotes
by
Human solidarity as expressed in the slogan “all for one and one for all” is the foundation of commoning. In capitalist society this principle is permitted in childhood games or in military combat. Otherwise, when it is not honored in hypocrisy, it appears in the struggle contra capitalism or, as Rebecca Solnit shows, in the disasters of fire, flood, or earthquake.
The activity of commoning is conducted through labor with other resources; it does not make a division between “labor” and “natural resources.” On the contrary, it is labor which creates something as a resource, and it is by resources that the collectivity of labor comes to pass. As an action it is thus best understood as a verb rather than as a “common pool resource.” Both Lovelock's ‘Gaia Hypothesis' and the environmentalism of Rachel Carson were attempts to restore this perspective.
Commoning is primary to human life. Scholars used to write of ‘primitive communism'. ‘The primary commons' renders the experience more clearly. Scarcely a society has existed on the face of the earth which has not had at its heart the commons; the commodity with its individualism and privatization was strictly confined to the margins of the community where severe regulations punished violators.
Commoning begins in the family. The kitchen where production and reproduction meet, and the energies of the day between genders and between generations are negotiated. The momentous decisions in the sharing of tasks, in the distribution of product, in the creation of desire, and in sustaining health are first made here.
Commoning is historic. The ‘village commons' of English heritage or the ‘French commune' of the revolutionary past are remnants from this history, reminding us that despite stages of destruction parts have survived, though often in distorted fashion as in welfare systems, or even as their opposite as in the realtor's gated community or the retailer's mall.
Commoning has always had a spiritual significance expressed as sharing a meal or a drink, in archaic uses derived from monastic practices, in recognition of the sacred habitus. Theophany, or the appearance of the divine principle, is apprehended in the physical world and its creatures. In north America (“turtle island”) this principle is maintained by indigenous people.
Commons is antithetical to capital. Commmoners are quarrelsome (no doubt), yet the commons is without class struggle. To be sure, capital can arise from the commons, as part is sequestrated off and used against the rest. This begins with inegalitarian relations, among the Have Lesses and the Have Mores. The means of production become the way of destruction, and expropriation leads to exploitation, the Haves and Have Nots. Capital derides commoning by ideological uses of philosophy, logic, and economics which say the commons is impossible or tragic. The figures of speech in these arguments depend on fantasies of destruction – the desert, the life-boat, the prison. They always assume as axiomatic that concept expressive of capital's bid for eternity, the a-historical ‘Human Nature.'
Communal values must be taught, and renewed, continuously. The ancient court leet resolved quarrels of over-use; the panchayat in India did – and sometimes still does — the same, as the way a factory grievance committee is supposed to be; the jury of peers is a vestigial remnant which determines what a crime is as well as who's a criminal. The “neighbor” must be put back into the “hood,” as they say in Detroit, like the people's assemblies in Oaxaca.
Commoning has always been local. It depends on custom, memory, and oral transmission for the maintenance of its norms rather than law, police, and media. Closely associated with this is the independence of the commons from government or state authority. The centralized state was built upon it. It is, as it were, ‘the pre-existing condition.' Therefore, commoning is not the same as the communism of the USSR.
The commons are invisible until it is lost. Water, air, earth, fire – these were the historic substances of subsistence. They were the archaic physics upon which metaphysics was built. Even after land began to be commodified during English Middle Ages it was written,
But to buy water or wind or wit or fire the fourth, These four the Father of Heaven formed for this earth in common;
These are Truth's treasures to help true folk
We distinguish ‘the common' from ‘the public'. We understand the public in contrast to the private, and we understand common solidarity in contrast to individual egotism. The commons have always been an element in human production even when capitalism acquired the hoard or laid down the law. The boss might ‘mean business' but nothing gets done without respect. Otherwise, sabotage and the shoddy result.
Commoning is exclusive inasmuch as it requires participation. It must be entered into. Whether on the high pastures for the flock or the light of the computer screen for the data, the wealth of knowledge, or the real good of hand and brain, requires the posture and attitude of working alongside, shoulder to shoulder. This is why we speak neither of rights nor obligations separately.
Human thought cannot flourish without the intercourse of the commons. Hence, the first amendment linking the rights of speech, assembly, and petition. A moment's thought reveals the interaction among these three activities which proceed from lonely muttering to poetic eloquence to world changing, or
Bing! Bing! the light bulb of an idea
Buzz! Buzz! talking it over with neighbors or co-workers
Pow! Pow! telling truth to power.
PETER LINEBAUGH teaches history at the University of Toledo. The London Hanged and (with Marcus Rediker) The Many-Headed Hydra: the Hidden History of the Revolutionary Atlantic. His essay on the history of May Day is included in Serpents in the Garden. His latest book is the Magna Carta Manifesto. He can be reached at: plineba@yahoo.com
Apple today has informed employees of significant changes to how iPhones are sold via AT&T and Verizon Wireless, according to sources. As we reported last month, Apple has indicated that iPhones sold via AT&T at both physical Apple Retail Stores and on the Apple Online Store will move exclusively to Next financing plans this month, in June. This means that a customer who wants to buy a new iPhone on AT&T will no longer be able to do so on a subsidy…
The AT&T Next program allows customers to purchase an iPhone and pay for the price of the hardware over a several month period (20, 24, or 30 installments) and upgrade to new hardware earlier than before (after 12, 18, or 24 installments). While this change is occurring for standard iPhone purchases, we are told that two year subsidies through AT&T will remain for business purchases through Apple. Customers transitioning to Next will be able to keep unlimited data plans.
For Verizon customers, those who now purchase an iPhone via the Edge program will no longer be eligible for the connected Edge Up feature. With Edge Up, customers became eligible for early hardware upgrades after 18 months, but with this feature going away, this will move back to the standard 24 months for the standard Edge program. After the iPhone becomes completely paid off, the customer can also keep the hardware. Lastly, we are told that Verizon is planning to match AT&T and drop two-year contract subsidy programs as soon as the end of the summer.
SAN JOSE — In the last three months, Mayor Sam Liccardo and several council members reported that they have solicited nearly $1 million from Silicon Valley's most prominent developers, wealthy landowners and powerful business leaders — many of whom have business before the council — for their political causes and favored candidates.
As part of San Jose's stringent transparency rules, which go a step beyond state reporting requirements, the city's elected officials must report every three months any money they've raised for everything from city-sponsored events such as flag-raising ceremonies to political candidates and causes. There's nothing unusual about politicians seeking contributions, and those reported in the latest filings appear to meet local laws.
But with many of those cash donors having significant development projects or other business before the City Council, a political watchdog and city councilman questioned the potential for contributions to influence council votes.
“The phrase this brings to mind is pay to play,” said Paul S. Ryan, vice president of policy and litigation at Common Cause, a government watchdog group based in Washington D.C. “Big businesses are not charities. They don't make campaign contributions out of the goodness of their hearts. They typically view big campaign contributions as investments.”
The mayor said he's not influenced by campaign contributions — no matter how sizable — and has remained consistent in his positions on various projects.
“I have a substantial track record of disappointing people who believe a contribution will get a result at City Hall,” Liccardo said.
Liccardo has raised the biggest chunk in three months: $924,450. Of that, $804,450 is in support of Measure F, a November city ballot initiative that enacts a pension settlement with labor unions, and $120,000 was for Measure B, a countywide half-cent sales tax to fund transportation projects.
Liccardo's predecessor, former Mayor Chuck Reed, also personally solicited money for his 2012 pension reform measure, but it's unclear how much. His fundraising disclosures only show he personally raised $75,000 for a homeless nonprofit and to support Christmas in the Park.
Councilmen Raul Peralez and Donald Rocha each solicited roughly $20,000 to support various ballot measures and City Council candidates. Peralez asked for cash for Measure F and Measure A, the county's $950 million affordable housing bond. Rocha raised funds for City Council candidates Sergio Jimenez and Helen Chapman.
Councilmen Manh Nguyen, Tam Nguyen and Pierluigi Oliverio didn't report any fundraising activity, according to the city's latest disclosure filings. Tam Nguyen said he hasn't solicited cash and tries to avoid it. Manh Nguyen echoed the same sentiment.
Oliverio said he's never requested donations outside of the election cycle during his 10 years on the City Council.
“I feel there is too much money in politics, and I don't want to ask people that do business with the city for money,” Oliverio said. “The more money you accept, the harder it is to say no.”
Liccardo's fundraising list includes donors with high-profile projects before the city, such as Federal Realty, Trammell Crow Co., KT Urban, Brian Bumb and Dennis Fong.
Liccardo on Aug. 18 reported soliciting $25,000 from Seth Bland, the vice president of development at Federal Realty, to support Measure B. One month later, Bland stood in front of the council to ask for leeway in repurposing the historic Century 21 movie theater dome on Winchester Boulevard.
The dome, which Liccardo in 2014 supported designating as a historic landmark, sits on the land Federal Realty wants to develop into a commercial and office development called Santana West.
“I have a windowless structure that at this moment in time, the world is not demanding,” Bland told the council at its Sept. 20 meeting. Despite voting to preserve the building two years ago, Liccardo was among the council majority who agreed to give Bland flexibility in reusing it — even stripping it down to its metal frames.
Liccardo says he hasn't changed his mind on preserving the dome, and said he had cautioned in 2014 that the conversation about Century 21 isn't over and historic structures can be altered.
Liccardo's disclosure report shows another developer, Trammell Crow Co., gave $10,000 on Sept. 20 to support Measure B. Two weeks later, the City Council voted to extend an incentive to suspend certain taxes to accommodate the developer's high-rise office tower near the Diridon transit station.
KT Urban, which gave $9,750, is in the process of developing two residential towers at the old Greyhound station; Brian Bumb, who gave $25,000, is planning to expand the Berryessa Flea Market and the Bay 101 Casino; and Dennis Fong, who gave $5,000, is proposing a three-story office complex at the Tropicana Shopping Center.
Peralez solicited $10,000 from a medical marijuana shop — Buddy's Cannabis — for Measure A and the Latino Leadership Alliance.
One month after Buddy's Cannabis split $5,000 for Measure A and Measure F, Peralez was among a council majority who voted to legalize medical pot deliveries, allow multiple grow sites and explore allowing medical cannabis distributors, manufacturers and testing labs in San Jose — a move generally supported by the medical marijuana industry.
Peralez agreed the timing “doesn't look good,” but said it's coincidental. This is the only time he's solicited funds, the first-term councilman said, and none of the donors asked for anything in return.
“I hope people realize that's not why I would go out and solicit contributions,” Peralez said. “It definitely was coincidental.”
Another contribution is $25,000 from the San Francisco 49ers for Measure F — reported on Liccardo's disclosure form — one month after San Jose sued Santa Clara over a large development project. A team spokesman said it regularly supports measures that are good for the region.
“This is not out of the ordinary,” said Bob Lange, the team's vice president of communications. “As a regional team, there are a lot of things we support because it's in the best interest of our region.”
The 49ers also gave $500 to Councilman Ash Kalra for an Indian flag-raising event, the disclosure form shows.
BY THE NUMBERS
Total fundraising by council member from July 1 to Sept. 30
Ex-Fugees member to be paid $80,000 for Friday performance
Wyclef Jean
The contract between the University of Colorado and Wyclef Jean -- the former Fugees member who's headlining a free, students-only concert at the Coors Event Center today -- prohibits the performer from mentioning marijuana or 4/20 during the show.
The agreement, dated March 1 and released Thursday by CU's student government, directs Jean to avoid "making direct references to marijuana and other illegal drugs or make 4/20 related remarks as this is a university sponsored event."
The contract indicates that CU will pay Jean a flat fee of $80,000 on the day of the concert. Student leaders previously have said the entire event will cost about $150,000.
When asked whether Wyclef would risk forfeiting his $80,000 payment if he references pot or 4/20 during his performance, CU Student Government Vice President Carly Robinson refused to speculate.
Robinson said the student administration asked Program Council, the campus entertainment group hosting the show, to include the prohibited language in the contract.
"It was added per CUSG's request," Robinson said. "We're not trying to make a statement of any kind about marijuana. We just wanted to make sure it didn't become a political event of any kind."
The concert was announced by the university in early April along with a series of measures intended to curtail the annual 4/20 smokeout, which in recent years has attracted more than 10,000 people to CU's Norlin Quad.
With Joe Thornton likely to miss his second consecutive game with an upper-body injury tomorrow in Winnipeg, the Sharks have recalled forward Freddie Hamilton from Worcester. Thornton has also been placed on injured reserve, retroactive to December 31st, in order to clear the requisite roster spot. Given the seven-day minimum for which a player must be on IR, that makes Thornton eligible to return to the Sharks lineup for Thursday's game in St. Louis.'
Hamilton, who was surpassed by the likes of Chris Tierney, Barclay Goodrow, Melker Karlsson and Tye McGinn on the Sharks' depth chart following a lackluster training camp, has six goals and 21 points in 32 AHL games this season. He appeared in 11 games with the big club last season, registering 13 shots on goal and zero points. With John Scott eligible to play tomorrow after serving his four-game suspension, it's unclear whether Hamilton will draw into the lineup when the Sharks face the Jets.
On the surface, some competitive tension has been added to the Sydney casino game by Echo Entertainment presenting the NSW Government with a $1 billion alternative to James Packer's Barangaroo it's-not-a-casino-it's-a-gaming-thing proposal. But that's only on the surface.
Both Echo and Crown are seeking to exploit the weakness of the “unsolicited proposals” route to gaining government favour, a process totally unsuited to handing out an exclusive gambling licence, whatever legal euphemism Premier Barry O'Farrell might apply to it.
NSW Premier Barry O'Farrell Credit:John Veage
Just as Crown is trying to use the unsolicited proposal loophole as a way of gaining a casino licence through the backdoor, Echo is trying to cement its casino licence monopoly via a rear entrance.
A cynical soul might also think Echo's offer to spend another billion around Pyrmont is the Echo board trying to increase pressure on Crown to use the front door via an expensive takeover offer, while Packer awaits permission from authorities in Queensland and NSW to increase Crown's present 10 per cent stake.
Well, if I may add, a quantifiable response to this derogatory remark would be no other than Suzy Kassem, and the evidence is below.Not only does Ms. Kassem prove that the intellectual capacity for women as provocative world thinkers is boundless, but she far outdoes her male counterparts from the distant past to the present. Typically we discover intelligent men and women from all fields throughout history leaving behind just a few drops of wise words here and there, but for a young woman with a long road still ahead of her, Ms. Kassem has already filled an entire lake with valuable wisdom that outdoes even Buddha. The suppression of her work is also evidence that smart women as progressive vehicles for social change are to go unrecognized at all costs to prevent threatening the status quo. Ms.Kassem has all the right guns and merits to prove that she is more than just a philosopher and poet. She explores and examines physics, science, religion, human nature, death, and realms still unknown to us in very delicate ways that, in my opinion, validate the authenticity of her insightful testimonies. Her words touch not only the vibrant human spirit, but they also transport our minds and hearts onto those summits of being from which the eye embraces in one glance an infinity of horizons one above the other. I have no doubt that someone like her could debate our presidents to a pulp and beat Plato at a game of chess.If we weren't so hell-bent on skinning the Middle East to its bare bones and teeth, we would acknowledge this incredible woman for challenging us to look deeper at all significant matters that envelope our being. If the artists of the world, who are generally the first to recognize spiritual giants before the rest of us, have already tipped their hats in her honor, what arewaiting for?It is time to set politics and bickering over the sexes aside to honor those fighting to bring us all together. In the words of the great poet Khalil Gibran, "Poetry is wisdom that enchants the heart. Wisdom is poetry that sings in the mind. If we could enchant man's heart and at the same time sing in his mind, then in truth he would live in the shadow of God."Do take the time to investigate this bright woman's poetry, essays, and poignant stories to uncover her true intellectual weight. A heavy dose of it is immediately verifiable by her keen perception and understanding of spirituality, metaphysics, politics, and the earth's sciences. Unknown to the historical timeline, women philosophers could have been plentiful in the past. Yet just by monitoring the categorical partitioning and suppression of Kassem's identity and clever philosophies, only leads one to question the real reasoning behind the carefully calculated silencing of exceptionally profound women.A politician's dogged conviction that significant female thinkers have never surfaced across the global map or within the political framework of any government, should sound off a grave alarm to the rest of us that our daughters too will be denied access into their controlled catalogs of history.
For Players
The Adaptable Hilt
Weapon (sword), rare
This plain hilt has a deep cylindrical cavity where the tang of the blade would usually go. As an action, you can fill this cavity with any material or energy available in the environment, and then speak its command word.
A magic blade then springs from the hilt, made of the same material or energy that the hilt was loaded with, and taking the shape of any sword you are proficient with. The blade lasts for 1 minute, until you are no longer holding it, or until you dismiss it (no action required).
Regardless of the form of the blade, it does damage and has effects dependent on the type of material it is loaded with, replacing the weapon's normal damage. For example, if you fill the hilt with ice, the blade will do cold damage and may reduce the speed of a creature struck by it.
The DM determines what kind of damage the blade does and what additional effects (if any) are applied by it when you load the hilt with different materials. You may attempt to influence the result by visualizing what effect you wish to achieve.
For DMs
In the box to the right, I've listed some examples of what certain materials might do. The effects should be balanced around how easy the material is to obtain and how powerful the secondary effects are.
For instance, I've included "air" as a possible material. Since it can be obtained anywhere, it's not as powerful as the other options, but it still has a minor effect. Meanwhile, the vine blade does no damage because restrained is a very powerful condition.
On the other hand, if a player is able to obtain a very rare material to use in the hilt, or thinks up a unique and plausible secondary effect for a certain material, the blade might be a lot more powerful. This weapon is limited only by you and your players' creativity.
These are the guidelines I'll be using if I introduce this item to my campaign:
Secondary effects last until the start of the wielder's next turn. Any DCs for these effects should be 14.
Pure damage does 3d6.
Damage plus a minor secondary effect does 2d8.
Save-or-half does 4d8.
A major secondary effect only applies the effect and does no damage.
Of course, feel free to throw out my numbers entirely and decide what you want the blade to do!
We compare the global OnePlus One running CM11s to the Chinese OnePlus One with ColorOS in our unboxing and first impressions review.
After unboxing the Chinese version of the OnePlus One last week I was pretty excited today when I received my international Sandstone black version of the phone. This phone is the official global version of the 2014 flagship killer from start-up OnePlus, which I bought out of my own pocket after being sent an invitation from a GizChina.it reader.
Buying my OnePlus One through the official channels was easy enough (once I had the invitation), but it isn't without its issues. I plan to write-up my experience buying the OnePlus One with an invite compared to buy from a Chinese reseller soon so keep your eyes peeled for that.
Global OnePlus One vs Chinese OnePlus One – Unboxing
To say I was excited to unbox the Sandstone OnePlus One would be a bit of an exaggeration. I had already had hands on time with it at the launch, and just last week received the Chinese version of the phone so I knew exactly what to expect (I also have the amazing Vivo Xshot on test at the moment too which really casts a shadow of the OPO). Still I was giddy enough to smash my DSLR while unboxing the global OnePlus One and comparing it to the Chinese model….
Unboxing the global OnePlus One is similar but not exactly the same as unboxing the Chinese OnePlus One. The first difference is that the Chinese version of the OPO comes in a large box which holds the main phone container, and charger. The global version ships in a DHL shipping bag with the phone in a smaller cardboard box and the charger floating about separately.
The packaging is the same between both phone except the Global version has English details and is indicated as a “Global Version”, and has Qualcomm and Cyanogen branding on the rear.
Inside the box things are mostly the same except the Chinese phone comes with a small instruction and warranty manual where as the Global OnePlus One does not.
Global OnePlus One vs. Chinese OnePlus One – Design
Design of both the phones are the same in regards to finish options and physical dimensions. The difference between the phones from the exterior are only the printing and branding on the rear of the devices and the in this case the finish of the Style Swap cover.
The Sandstone Global version of the OnePlus One has branding for Cyanogen and FCC markings, plus the CE mark is in a different position. The global version of the phone also has the OnePlus.net website printed on the rear and the message “Designed by OnePlus Assembled in China”. The Chinese version of the OnePlus gets Chinese labeling along with TD-LTE markings.
Both the global and Chinese version of the OnePlus One will be available in Baby Skin White or Sandstone Black. The white has a soft pistachio nut finish and designates the phone as a 16GB model, while the black phone has a rough sandstone like finish. The finish isn't as rough as I remember it at launch and feels more rubbery (it could just be me). Black also means that this is a 64GB version of the OPO.
Global OnePlus One vs. Chinese OnePlus One – Display
We had heard news that some OnePlus One had yellow displays and we can confirm the same for our global model. Compared to the Chinese version of the OnePlus the Global model running CM11s shows whites with a yellow tint, where as the Chinese model has whiter whites.
The yellow tint showed up still after updating to the latest version of CM11s also, so at the time of writing it has not been fixed.
Global OnePlus One vs. Chinese OnePlus One – Operating System and features
The major differences between the two version of the OnePlus One (bar the LTE frequencies see here) is the OS of each. The Global version ships with CyanogenMod 11s based on Android 4.4.2 Kitkat while the Chinese version of the phone ships with Oppo's ColorOS based on Android 4.3.
It's up to debate which is the better OS. While CyanogenMod looks better, is based on a newer version of Android and has a much nicer gallery and camera application, it does lack many of the features of ColorOS.
ColorOS is more customisable, has more gesture controls and shortcuts, and in the camera gets the amazing Picture Plus options (similar to HD Photo on the Oppo Find 7 and 7a).
One major benefit of CM11s on the global version of the OnePlus One is that it has Google Play services and many of the more popular Google apps installed. All you need to do is log in and away you go. The Chinese OPO will need you to root, and install Google services yourself.
Functionally I prefer ColorOS, but for speed and UI design CM11S is my favourite. Let's hope in the future the Cyanogen team can add more ColorOS features to the ROM.
Global OnePlus One vs. Chinese OnePlus One – Performance
Both versions of the OPO have the same Snapdragon 801 chipset, and 3GB RAM. Each and every component is the same so the only difference between the two phones in terms of performance can be in the OS.
This is when CyanogenMod 11s should really come in to its own. It is a lighter OS with less bloat and should perform better than the Oppo rom. Antutu benchmarks say this isn't really the case as the global OPO managed to get 37,253 points on Antutu X while the ColorOs Chinese model scored 37,218.
In use though the Global version does feel much snappier, but this is all to do with animation speeds for the most part as installing Nova launcher gives a similar fast feel.
Global OnePlus One vs. Chinese OnePlus One – Video hands on
Below are two videos the first is the the unboxing of the Sandstone Global OnePlus One with comparison to the Chinese OnePlus one, while the second video is the unboxing and hands on of the Chinese OnePlus One.
64GB OnePlus One (Global) unboxing vs 16GB OnePlus One (China)
Watch the Chinese OnePlus One Unboxing and hands on
Global OnePlus One vs. Chinese OnePlus One – Conclusion
It's really a tricky choice between the Chinese and Global OnePlus One. As it stands the Global model has cost more than the Chinese version (due to tax, but more on that in another feature), it has fewer features in the OS and does not perform any better. The Chinese version of the phone has more features, can be bought anywhere without invitation and has a whiter display. Another issue of the Chinese OnePlus One for customers in North America is lack of LTE and 3G support, European customers don't have this problem though.
In an ideal world the two phones should be a mixture of all the good to create one amazing phone, as it stands both devices have their pros and cons, and it seems many of them come down to the OS. Either ColorOS needs to get more streamlined a better UI and Google services, or Cyanogen need to add more than a few missing features.
In the coming weeks I will be posting my experiences with buying the two OnePlus One phones, full reviews on both devices plus we will be launching a completion where you can win a OnePlus One of your own! Keep posted to GizChina for more OnePlus one news and reviews!
Thanks again to Chinese reseller Lenteen for supplying our OnePlus One. Visit their sites:
Washington's top legal office has weighed in on a tense grammatical debate at the heart of the controversial I-405 express toll lanes, saying that the law should allow for them to stay.
It all boils down to the word: “and.”
“The word ‘and' is now being treated subjectively … (Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson) talks about ‘and' meaning both or either,” Representative Mark Harmsworth told KIRO Radio's Dori Monson. “Obviously, the intent of the legislation was to meet both of these (goals).”
RELATED: Former AG Rob McKenna on the I-405 toll lanes
Harmsworth, representing the state's 44th District, has opposed the toll lanes since they were implemented.
According to a law set up by the Legislature, the I-405 express toll lanes were supposed to accomplish two main goals within 2 years of operation:
The tolling system had to pay for itself. It has far exceeded that goal. Operational costs were $13.6 million over the 2 years. The lanes raised $38.6 million.
The lanes had to flow at 45 mph, 90 percent of the time. They did not meet this goal, and only reached 45 mph a total of 82 percent of the time.
Washington State Department of Transportation officials wanted to know if they had to shut the lanes down if only one goal was met. Did the law require that both had to be accomplished?
Attorneys from the AG's office authored an interpretation on the law surrounding the I-405 toll lanes — it is not an official opinion from Ferguson's office.
Grammar and the express toll lanes
According to RCW 47.56.880:
If after two years of operation of the express toll lanes on Interstate 405 performances measures listed in subsection (4)(a) [speed requirement] and (e) [revenue] of this section are not being met, the express toll lanes project must be terminated as soon as practicable.
That one “and” in between the speed goal and the revenue goal is up for debate.
A representative of the state's toll division told KIRO Radio that, “The AGO advised us that as the statute is written, the lanes must meet one of the two metrics to continue operating. The lanes are meeting the requirement to generate sufficient revenue to cover operations, but have not met the metric for speed.”
The letter from the attorney general's office states that the law is ambiguous, but would likely be interpreted in court that both of the goals would have to fail for the lanes to be shut down.
“I'm getting tired, just like everyone else is,” Harmsworth said. “The people of the state just want to be able to get around. They want to get to their jobs and do it quickly and do it cost effectively. And it feels like you are running this uphill battle all the time and the bureaucracy, every step of the way, is introducing new barriers. What I'm seeing here is another, ‘Hey this isn't what the people's Legislature intended, this is what we've decided is the right way you should live your lives.'”
Striping work that was scheduled for Holman Road NW between NW 87th St and 8th Ave NW this weekend has been cancelled and rescheduled to take place on Monday, October 6 and Tuesday, October 7. Work hours will remain from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m.
During work hours, one lane of traffic will remain open in each direction of Holman Rd NW between NW 87th St and 8th Ave NW. Crews will first close the center lanes of Holman Road and direct traffic to the outer lanes. Once striping is complete in the center lanes, the outer lanes will then be closed for striping, and traffic will be directed to the center lanes.
The work is weather dependent. Local bus access will be maintained at 7th Ave NW for King County Metro's Route 28 and RapidRide D Line. For information on bus service, look for Rider Alert notices at bus stops, see Metro Online at or call (206) 553-3000.
After striping is complete, crews will work on remaining electrical and landscape work. The project will be substantially complete by the end of October.
For more information on the Holman Road Paving Project, click here.
Join the discussion with this group of amazing panelists from Nasty Gal, Ticketmaster and Bloomingdale's.
Let's get together, network and learn from Talent Acquisition professionals at LA's leading companies. We will be talking about everything from resumes to the entire hiring process, which will include:
Resume Building
Application Strategy
Interviewing
Startups vs. Corporations
Follow Up
Onboarding
Sourcing
Social Media
Attracting Talent
Employer Brand
Job Boards
We will finish off by discussing how to customize your online presence for career success. And, how these companies are using social media to find new talent. To learn more about the panelists see below.
Featured Panelists Include:
Iris Sullivan
Head Of Talent Acquisition at Nasty Gal
Nasty Gal inspires women to discover their power to create an amazing life. What started out as an ebay store styling and selling vintage has grown into being a recognized style authority and a multichannel retailer. We specialize in curating high, low, new and vintage fashion including our own in-house designs. In late 2014, we launched our flagship brick-and-mortar store in Los Angeles, and that's just the beginning. We are always on the hunt for entrepreneurially minded talent to join our team, so we can keep inspiring our cult-like following of independent and confident gals across the globe.
Michael Germano
Talent Acquisition Sourcing Manager at Ticketmaster
Ticketmaster, a proud division of Live Nation Entertainment, is the world's leading live event ticketing company selling over 465 million tickets each year and supporting more than 12,500 clients in 22 countries worldwide. At Ticketmaster, we power the people who create culture through live events, connecting more passionate fans to those experiences than anyone else. We are innovators that embrace change and work hard to help others succeed. We believe in open communication and stress accountability, because fans and clients count on us every day. We strive for ease of use for our clients and fans while seeking out those who have a bias for action versus a desire for directives.
Monica Ryan
Executive Talent Acquisition at Bloomingdale's
Bloomingdale's is America's only nationwide, full-line, upscale department store and a division of Macy's Inc. Currently, we operate 37 department stores and an ever growing number of Bloomingdale's The Outlet stores in 13 states as well as the always open and fashionable Bloomingdales.com.
At Bloomingdale's, we seek talented creative people with a passion and entrepreneurial spirit who enjoy the fast paced, exciting world of retail. Having a strong interest in fashion as well as being a natural collaborator helps! In short, we want people with a desire to grow professionally as well as personally because at Bloomingdale's we provide the tools for both.
Details
This event is hosted a CTRL COLLECTIVE, a premier collaborative workspace in Playa Vista. (FREE PARKING) Please have a printed or mobile version of your ticket ready at the entrance. We'll be meeting in the large event space toward the back of the building.
Tune in from anywhere
If you're out of state or just running late, you can tune in via live stream. The live streaming details are sent minutes before the event goes live.
Tickets go quickly. Register today!
Four years ago my oldest son Zack took his own life. He was 19 years old. When he told us he was gay at the age of 14, we were not surprised. We told him we loved him. Close friends and family immediately accepted and embraced Zack. So when he killed himself, we were stunned, mystified and devastated. We kept asking ourselves, "Why?!"
One week earlier the city council in our hometown of Norman, Oklahoma, had approved a proclamation recognizing LGBT History Month. But a bitter public debate ensued, and the comments from those opposing the proclamation were vitriolic and hateful. The meeting revealed a deeply divided community. Supporters of the proclamation were shaken and in tears. Norman is a college town with a reputation for being progressive and inclusive, so the viciousness of the comments made during this meeting were shocking. Exactly one week later Zack committed suicide.
Could the comments made at the meeting have contributed to Zack's decision to end his life? We still don't know. As we sought answers to why he had taken his life, we discovered some revealing anthologies -- personal diaries he had written. We soon realized how much he had struggled. His views were much more complex than we knew. He clearly grappled with reconciling his own sexuality with opposing views in the community, particularly the anti-gay religious view.
Weeks after Zack's suicide we learned that Zack had been HIV-positive for more than a year and had only very recently begun telling friends. Our hearts were broken again when we realized the pain he must have felt when he did not think he could share this information with us.
We realized that Zack had been HIV-positive when people spoke at the city council meeting quoting erroneous statistics about HIV/AIDS in the LGBT community, further stigmatizing and marginalizing our son.
As much as my family tried to vocalize our concerns about LGBT kids in our community, we were stymied at every turn. We attempted to speak out publicly at a League of Women Voters forum in the city council's chambers, but we were not permitted to express our opinions. I personally wrote a heartfelt letter to our local newspaper, the Norman Transcript, and the editor refused to publish it. I felt betrayed. I felt our community was being let down.
How could the community leaders sweep this dark period under the rug? I have begun to see the world through the lens of Zack's eyes, and I will continue to speak. My family and I will no longer remain silent.
There are so many areas that demand our attention as parents of LGBT youth. Sex education and HIV/AIDS prevention are critical issues. Eight states, including my home state of Oklahoma, have laws dubbed "don't say 'gay'" laws, which are outdated, incorrect, or judgmental in nature. They either don't allow any mention of homosexuality in public education or severely restrict discussion of homosexuality. These states allow sex education that erroneously misleads our young people, suggesting that if they are gay, they will undoubtedly contract HIV and AIDS. Even when they allow mention of HIV/AIDS prevention, they maintain that abstinence until marriage is the only acceptable method of prevention. How can our LGBT youth be expected to remain abstinent until marriage when they don't even have the right to be married in these states? These laws are harming not only our young people who are gay but all young people. All young people need to know the actual routes of transmission and, most importantly, how to protect themselves! Our legislators need to stop making second-class citizens of our children who are LGBT. They can do this by taking the judgment out of sex education and HIV/AIDS prevention. The very young people who need the prevention information the most are the young people who are being alienated by the wording of the laws.
Our mission has become letting people know Zack's story and our journey. This is why the soon-to-be-released documentary film Broken Heart Land, which follows our story, is so critical.
The films directors, siblings Jeremy and Randy Stulberg, became a huge part of our lives, following us for about three years and chronicling Zack's life and pain, the shocking city council meeting, the events that have happened since that meeting, and our journey through loss, pain, discovery, and awakening. Our intent is to help open lines of communication and convey that love is sometimes not enough. Our hope is that this film will save lives.
We want this film to be shared. It will have its world premiere at the Frameline Film Festival in San Francisco on June 21. My husband Van, daughter Nikki, son Austin, and I are excited to be traveling to San Francisco to participate in this screening to share Zack's story. It will also be broadcast nationally on PBS' World Channel, and I will personally be participating in a simulcast and discussion about the important issues discussed in the film. My hope is that this film reaches other teens and their families who might be struggling with the same issues.
Zack was such a unique and inspiring spirit. We loved him beyond words. As a family, we want to honor his memory. We learned in the worst way possible how important it is for parents and families to bring up the tough topics, the potentially embarrassing topics, and the personal topics. Our children need to know we are willing to talk and listen. We need to be telling our young people who are HIV-positive or living with AIDS, "You matter, we love you, and we want a cure for you, but until that happens, we are here to support you." They need to know how important it is for them to protect themselves, and how important it is to us that they do so. They need to know that if they are sick, we will be there for them, and that if they have a problem, we will be a source of support. It hurts my heart beyond measure that my son, whom I loved so very much, didn't feel he could confide in me when he was most vulnerable. I want other parents to let their children know that regardless of their sexual orientation, their gender identity, and especially their HIV status, they are loved, supported, and valued. Now is the time. This is the moment.
Broken Heart Land will have its world premiere at Frameline Film Festival in San Francisco on June 21 and will air nationwide on June 24 on World Channel's America ReFramed program and select PBS channels. Check worldchannel.org/schedule/ for local listings and visit brokenheartland.com for more information.
Mr Robert Leifert
New York City, New York
January 4, 1958
Dear Robert,
Since a hundred schoolchildren a year write me letters like yours—some writers get a thousand—the problem of what to do about such classroom "projects" has become a serious one for all of us. If a writer answered all of you he would get nothing else done. When I was a baby goat I had to do my own research on projects, and I enjoyed doing it. I never wrote an author for his autograph or photograph in my life. Photographs are for movie actors to send to girls. Tell your teacher I said so, and please send me her name.
One of the things that discourage us writers is the fact that 90 per cent of you children write wholly, or partly, illiterate letters, carelessly typed. You yourself write "clarr" for "class" and that's a honey, Robert, since s is next to a, and r is on the line above. Most schoolchildren in America would do a dedication like the following (please find the mistakes in it and write to me about them):
To Miss Effa G Burns
Without who's help
this book could never
of been finished it,
is dedicated with
gartitude by it's
arthur.
Show that to your teacher and tell her to show it to her principal, and see if they can find the mistakes.
Just yesterday a letter came in from a girl your age in South Carolina asking for biographical material and photograph. That is not the kind of education they have in Russia, we are told, because it's too much like a hobby or waste of time. What do you and your classmates want to be when you grow up—collectors? Then who is going to help keep the United States ahead of Russia in science engineering, and the arts?
Please answer this letter. If you don't I'll write to another pupil.
Sincerely yours,
JAMES THURBER
In 1958, a schoolboy named Robert Leifert wrote to the author and humourist, James Thurber , and asked for some assistance with a school project. Sadly for Robert (orfor Robert, depending on your viewpoint) it seems he caught Thurber on a bad day, and before long the youngster was the proud owner of the following delightfully grumpy response.Let's hope it was of some use.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton refers to the University of Alabama as that "other school'' or that "particular school,'' among other things.
He won't use the "A'' word no matter how hard you try to entice him -- unless, that is, he's using it to name the state where his beloved Auburn resides.
But if the top-ranked Crimson Tide (11-0) defeats the No. 4 Tigers (10-1) in Saturday's 78th renewal of the "Iron Bowl,'' Newton will be donning Bama colors for arguably the most uncomfortable picture of his football career.
"I told him if Alabama does win, I'm going to bring up my national championship jersey and all of the [national championship] rings and he's got to take a picture wearing all of it,'' said Panthers rookie safety Robert Lester, who won three titles at Alabama.
Panthers teammates Cam Newton and Robert Lester faced off against each other in the 2010 Iron Bowl, with Newton's Tigers coming back to beat Lester's Crimson Tide. Marvin Gentry/USA TODAY Sports
Of course, if Auburn wins, Lester will have to wear Newton's 2010 national championship jersey and ring for a snapshot.
It's rivalry week in college football, and that means the school pride comes out in NFL locker rooms more than ever. It makes for one of the more entertaining weeks of the year as players make wagers -- although Newton insists he doesn't gamble.
Newton and Lester are looking for a year's worth of bragging rights just like those that will be playing in the big game at Auburn's Jordan-Hare Stadium.
"It's going to be a great game, and the best team will win,'' said Newton, which only means Auburn in his world. "And don't be surprised. It [won't be] a fluke. There's no such thing as flukes.''
Don't tell that to Lester. He won the "Iron Bowl'' three times, his only loss coming in 2010 with Newton as the opposing quarterback. He doesn't hesitate to call that a fluke, reminding Auburn was down 24-0 in the first half before Alabama "gave it away.''
That game is referred to by some as the "Cam-back'' because Newton rallied Auburn to a 28-27 victory with three passing touchdowns and one rushing. The Tigers, ranked No. 1 at the time, went on to complete an undefeated season and win the national title against Oregon.
"He was bragging about winning the national championship, and I was like, 'You know, Cam. We basically gave it to you,' '' Lester said with a smile. "That's the only year we didn't win it. He didn't like that too much.
"But it's the truth. We won it three times and he won it once.''
Lester doesn't hesitate using that this week or any time Newton brags about Auburn. He also doesn't hesitate to bring out a picture a fan sent of him tackling Newton in the 2010 game.
"When he was in college, it was unheard of for a safety to be able to tackle him by himself,'' Lester said. "Anytime I get [ribbing], I bring it up here and show it to him. Whenever we got our rings from last year, I brought it up and showed it to him.''
Newton only played one year at Auburn, but that's all it took for him to realize how big the "Iron Bowl'' is. Bama fans know how big Newton was in the rival game because that is the only time in the last five years the Crimson Tide has lost it.
Since Newton left, Auburn has lost 42-14 (2011) and 49-0 (2012).
That doesn't stop Newton from whispering "War Eagles'' almost every time he passes Lester in the locker room or on the practice field.
"It's been going on year around,'' Lester said. "I think I was the first Alabama guy to be here, and he was waiting on me to give me crap about it.''
Don't look for Newton and Lester to watch the game together.
"I don't think he wants to watch the game with me,'' Lester said. "I talk a lot of crap.''
Newton actually is outnumbered by former Bama players. Offensive coordinator Mike Shula quarterbacked the Crimson Tide from 1984-86 and was Alabama's head coach from 2003-2006. He was 2-1 in the "Iron Bowl'' as a player, 0-4 as a coach.
He was fired one week after his fourth "Iron Bowl'' loss, which might explain why he doesn't get into the rivalry week like Newton and Lester.
"I've moved on,'' Shula said.
Newton and Lester haven't.
"Every time he walks by me saying 'War Eagles,' I definitely have to respond back with 'Roll Tide!' '' Lester said. "He brags about his one [win], and I tell him to calm it down because I've got three.''
Mindy Kaling acts painfully shallow in the US version of The Office – but she's one of the show's brilliant original writers. Her new memoir explains why she loves romcoms and makeup – and fears one-night stands
At the risk of making the kind of sweeping gender-based generalisation that writer, director and actor Mindy Kaling brilliantly undermines in her very funny debut book, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?, I cannot imagine any woman meeting Kaling and not wanting her to be her best friend.
As Kelly Kapoor in The Office: An American Workplace, Kaling portrays a nightmarish version of shallow girliness. Her only movie references are Pretty Woman and Bridget Jones's Diary, her go-to singer when performing karaoke is Pat Benatar, and she responds to casual small-talk enquiries about her health with half-hour lectures about what Suri Cruise is up to this day. "I talk A LOT, so I've learned to just tune myself out," she proudly confides in one episode.
It would be easy to confuse Kapoor with Kaling, and, Kaling says, with a touch of frustration, many do. Like Kapoor, Kaling has an unashamed love of fashion, makeup and romcoms, and her extremely funny thoughts about all of the above have brought her enormous popularity on Twitter among her 1.5 million followers. Her blog, theconcernsofmindykaling.com, reads like a smart women's magazine written by a fantasy funny sister, with features about moisturiser ("This insanely great and hideously expensive face cream was my 'Look Ma, I made it!' present to my mother") and pink trainers ("I imagine the Tooth Fairy wears these on her nightly deliveries. I mean, she flies, but she's gotta wear some kind of shoe.")
Possibly my favourite Kapoor/Kaling moment came, not in The Office as Kapoor, but on Twitter as herself when Salman Rushdie sent her a tweet last month, congratulating her when her book was extracted in the New Yorker. Kaling tweeted back her appreciation, adding, "It goes without saying I loved your cameo in the Bridget Jones." (Rushdie replied, "Ah yes, thank you. My most important work." Kaling applauded him for being "a badass".)
When we meet in her publisher's office in Manhattan, on a brief visit to the east coast from her home in Los Angeles, after an initial exchange of compliments for one another's outfits ("I love talking about clothes with women; it's like a code because women dress for women," she says), it's quickly clear that Kaling is as far from Kapoor as proper exercise is from pink trainers: the latter might make for an engaging distraction but the former does the hard work. In person, she is predictably funny but also thoughtful, smart and, surprisingly, nervous, admitting that she found writing the book "terrifying, actually" and that she is "scared, definitely" about the public's reception of it.
She shouldn't be. Her book is part memoir, part riff, and all hilarity, interspersing tales of her life and career with essays on subjects such as her inability to understand the appeal of one-night stands ("fear is a pretty big turn off") and the clothes people try to make non-skinny women wear ("Ah navy, the thin-lipped spinster sister of black.")
To those who know Kaling only as Kapoor, the lightness and wit of her writing might come as a surprise. But her primary role on The Office is and always has been as one of the writers. She was hired eight years ago when she was just 24, the only woman writer on a team of eight (it has since greatly expanded and there is now a sprinkling of other women), with no previous TV writing experience. She has since written 22 episodes on her own and directed several.
"I think doing that is a nice calling card for smartness," she says coolly. "But I think people still think that I'm like my character, or that because I like girly things and I have a lilt in my voice that I'm dumb. But I don't think you can be dumb and write a big chunk of a TV show."
Kaling's refreshing lack of self-deprecation is just one of the many differences between her and the all-too-frequently self-mocking Tina Fey. Nonetheless, because they are both female and funny, the two are often compared, with Kaling described as being like Fey's cool or girlier little sister. Comparisons to Nora Ephron are similarly popular. According to the media, all famous women are just versions of one another.
"It's very hard to complain about someone saying you're in Tina Fey's immediate family,'' she says. "But I do think it's a little unfair that there's never any debate about whether there's room for Will Ferrell, Steve Carell and Aziz Ansari. But with women, it's like, OK, Kristen Wiig is having a moment now, we're done, we'll put the rest of them on the backburner. And that's just ridiculous.
One of the most enjoyable aspects of Kaling's book is the way it reclaims girliness, arguing that one can love romantic comedies while at the same time criticise them, and enjoy trying out fad diets but care a lot more if someone calls you dumb or unfunny – "the worst things you could ever say to me," she writes – than fat. On the list of things Kaling would like to do in her lifetime, being thin, she writes, is "right above 'Learn to drive a Vespa', but several notches below 'Film a chase scene for a movie'."
"I think of myself as a smart and funny person, but I am very girly, and in the past I've been hurt by people who criticise me for liking things they think are beneath me, like shopping or whatever, and the people who give me the hardest time about it are women. I think it may be because there are so few women in comedy and so there's a feeling that we shouldn't sell women out, but I don't see talking about fashion as selling women out," she says.
It's not only women who hold women to such limiting standards. Two days before Kaling and I meet, she appeared on The Daily Show to promote her book. Bizarrely, one of Jon Stewart's first questions to her was whether her parents "care" if she marries an Indian man. Kaling did an understandable double take.
"Yeah, I was very surprised by that question. I thought it seemed like something you'd hear on a daytime talk show. It just didn't seem like something Jon would care about," she says.
Aside from the predictability of asking a young woman about her marriage plans, the question was particularly weird as Kaling's Indian background barely features in her book and has almost never featured in The Office, aside from one episode about Diwali in which her parents made cameos.
"I always say, I don't deny being Indian and I don't rely on it. My dad's whole family is in Madras and I was born in America so we didn't have that big Indian community. I don't really have anything interesting to say about it. When I talk about it people are like, meh, let's talk about something else."
Kaling, whose real last name is Chokalingam, was born in the United States, the daughter of a gynaecologist mother and an architect father. She described herself as a nerdy and studious student, who would happily spend her weekends watching The Golden Girls with her mother (even today, her mother comes second on her list of favourite people to spend time with, after "all of my female friends".)
After graduating from Dartmouth, she and her two best friends moved to New York just two months before 9/11 and she jobbed around, slowly, before writing a play depicting how Matt Damon and Ben Affleck really wrote Good Will Hunting (SPOILER: the script fell from the ceiling), in which she co-starred with her best friend. This landed her the writing gig on The Office.
Aside from occasional jibes about her weight from others, Kaling's life has been, by her own ready admission, pretty easy. "And that made writing the book more scary," she says. "The prevalent style of writing for female comedians is very confidential, even raunchy, and I don't write about sex, I don't have any depraved stories to tell and I don't have any addictions - which are always terrible, until you have a book to sell. But Tina Fey's book actually came as a huge relief to me because she showed that you can tell stories but also be private and, actually, being a little discreet now feels almost fresh."
As a child, Kaling dreamed of being a TV writer and now, aged 32, she has done that. So what next? The "realistic" side of her wants to have her own TV show and get married; "That's it," says Kaling. "But then there's the psychotic ambitious side of myself that wants a fashion line and my own network and be like a combination of Oprah and Gwen Stefani," she grins. "And have a perfume. Definitely a perfume."
It sounds like an outtake from the Lives of Others or another surveillance conspiracy theory: what if you mobilized an entire country to make sure businesses paid their taxes?
Slovakia is trying this with its year-old plan for a tax lottery. And it might be a stretch, but who knows whether the beleaguered IRS might consider one day following suit for America's corporate scofflaws? After all, there's no question the IRS needs help. Thanks to budget cuts, the agency is so short staffed that this year it will audit fewer Americans than at any time since the 1980s.
"We keep going after the people who look like the worst of the bad guys, but there are going to be some people that we should catch, either in terms of collecting the revenue from them or prosecuting them, that we're not going to catch," IRS Commissioner John Koshinen said earlier this month.
So let's turn our eyes to Slovakia.
In an attempt to get companies to pay their fair share of value-added tax (a type of sales tax) Slovakia has decided to recruit its masses to keep its businesses honest. It's like crowdsourcing for public revenue.
Here's how it works: Slovakia has asked its citizens to collect all their sales receipts for anything over one euro, whether at a store or a restaurant. Each receipt is printed with the business's company tax ID. Slovakian authorities want citizens to go home, look up the receipt with the tax ID, and enter it into a national database. The Slovakian finance ministry will look through the database to double-check that the businesses are correctly reporting their income – or so they say.
What's in it for citizens? As a reward for each sales receipt a taxpayer registers from a store or a restaurant, he or she will be registered into a monthly lottery and get a chance to win a car, €10,000 or to appear on the country's version of The Price is Right.
In this age of post-Occupy, when corporate tax breaks reliably get US citizens riled up, why wouldn't we try the Slovakian experiment here? After all, the country's finance minister touted the program as a "huge success".
Here's the thing: that may be true, but not for the reasons one would think.
Scaring merchants into compliance
Slovakia's goal is to unite its populace in a widespread respect for taxes – an ambition that may be out of reach for America, which is far more sprawling and harbors dedicated tax resisters.
If every man is the tax man, the thinking goes, citizens and businesses will behave better. The real purpose of the tax lottery is not to create a potential database of relevant receipts, but to increase tax compliance by changing the dynamic of government's relationship with taxpayers and business it regulates. By making businesses think that the government is recreating paper trails, which may lead to a potential audit, the tax lottery increases tax compliance just by existing. No actual analysis of receipts required.
A foggy train station in Slovakia, where Slovaks gather to talk about tax incentives and government mind games. Photograph: Robert Nemeti/Barcroft Media
But it's hard to pull this off. Tax auditing is a difficult and expensive process, whether in the US or Slovakia. A country that can't hire enough auditors to keep up with business taxes is also unlikely to pay enough people to sift through databases of tax IDs from registered receipts that live, crumpled, in the pockets of forgetful citizens.
"My guess is that if it works, it is through the mechanism of scaring merchants into collecting and remitting [tax payments], because they know government has more information – which is very different than tracking down whether tax was submitted on each of thousands of registered receipts," says Mitchell Kane, Gerald L Wallace professor of taxation at NYU's School of Law.
Making taxpayers feel like they are part of the process
Then there's that squishy issue of national unity. It always feels great to be a part of the team, a part of the process – especially when it comes to making important decisions involving money.
"We have research suggesting that involving people more in the tax process, for example by asking them for their opinion on where taxes should be spent, increases both their compliance with paying taxes, and their happiness when they actually do pay," says Michael Norton, an associate professor of business administration at Harvard Business School's Marketing Unit and co-author of Happy Money: The Science of Smarter Spending.
"So, it is possible that involving people through this interesting receipt plan may indeed increase their involvement with and satisfaction paying taxes."
Norton's research shows that allowing people to simply express in which areas they would like their taxes to be spent – without the collecting agency being required to actually obey their preference – increased their tax compliance by 16%.
Americans' love for the lottery may be premised on the country's long tradition of rewarding the lucky without regard to hard work or talent. Photograph: Carlo Allegri/Reuters
Such successes can be short-lived, however. The research notes that these effects might wear off as citizens become accustomed to the new form. It is also possible that allowing the taxpayers to express their opinions could lead them to expect rapid response from the government, which could then lead to dissatisfaction when such response is not forthcoming.
The tax lottery takes taxpayer involvement in a slightly different direction. Instead of connecting with the way the government uses their money, taxpayers connect with the way the goverment collects it.
"Most likely to participate would be frugal people who are careful with money," says John Welte, senior research scientist at the Research Institute on Addictions. According to him, the reason for that would be the work required to register the receipts with the government. "If there was no effort, everyone would do it."
Tax vigilantes
There is yet another upside to participating in tax lottery – a sense of justice. (This is where the post-Occupy era comes in).
After all, businesses and corporations are those that most often get away with exploiting the tax system. And if in the process of helping restore some justice in the tax system, you just happen to win a car or a chunk of cash – well, that's just your reward for a job well done.
The aspiring tax vigilantes don't have to wait for a tax lottery to play their part. Thanks to the IRS Whistleblower Office, they can report anyone they suspect of cheating on their taxes to the IRS. And there is a reward, according to the IRS.
The IRS Whistleblower Office pays money to people who blow the whistle on persons who fail to pay the tax that they owe. If the IRS uses information provided by the whistleblower, it can award the whistleblower up to 30% of the additional tax, penalty and other amounts it collects.
The feeling of sticking it to the corporations might be enough to ignore the fact that the government is playing mind-games to increase tax compliance by both tax payers and companies. And while US taxpayers might jump at the chance to participate in a tax lottery, it might be a while yet before they get a chance.
Why US can't have its own tax lottery just yet
While these mind games might be exactly what IRS needs right now, there are many reasons why tax lottery would be hard to implement in the US.
For starters, Slovakia's value-added tax differs from the US sales tax. Under the value-added tax system, merchants are required to assess and collect the tax at every transaction. As products move through the supply chain, the tax paid on the products by acquiring merchants can be deducted from the tax that the merchants then charge to their customers.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Slovakian tax agency would like receipt of your receipts. Photograph: PhotoAlto/Alamy
"Value-added tax receipts issued to customers will list a unique identifier for the merchant. That's generally not the case with US local sales receipts," says Kane. "They may list the merchant name but no unique number related to sales tax collection."
There is also no way to implement this on a federal level as there is no federal sales tax, explains Kane. It could, however, be relevant if US was to ever adopt a federal value-added tax.
It's an idea. But considering how any tax reform has proven elusive over the past two years even within the halls of Congress, it's unlikely lawmakers would ever cast their eyes to Europe for ideas.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
Deal between Sports Shield, Inner Circle and Eddie Davies officially complete
Bolton Wanderers Football Club is delighted to announce that a deal between Sports Shield, Inner Circle and Eddie Davies to transfer ownership of the club has officially been completed.
The Sports Shield consortium, fronted by ex-Bolton striker Dean Holdsworth, and Inner Circle, owned by Ken Anderson, have taken control of Eddie Davies' 94.5 percent controlling share of Burnden Leisure.
The remaining 5.5 percent of the Burnden Leisure shares will remain with individual shareholders.
All documentation has been signed, submitted and ratified by the Football League.
Dean Holdsworth and Ken Anderson will both join the board of directors at Bolton Wanderers, with details on further roles to be announced in due course.
In acknowledgement of his contribution to the club, Eddie Davies, who initially joined the board of directors at Bolton Wanderers in 1999 before then becoming majority shareholder in 2003, will become honorary president of the club.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich is up to 3rd place in New Hampshire, according to a presidential eleciton poll released Wednesday.
The American Research Group poll puts Kasich at 13 percent in the state, behind Donald Trump at 21 percent and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio at 15 percent. The Ohio Governor leads New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (12 percent), Texas Sen. Ted Cruz (10 percent), former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (7 percent), retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson (6 percent), former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina (5 percent) and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul (4 percent).
Several political commentators on social media pointed to another statistic in the poll: who New Hampshire voters say they're considering. Slightly more than 80 percent of likely Republican primary voters in New Hampshire said they're considering voting for Kasich — only Sen. Marco Rubio had more potential New Hampshire voters (83 percent).
Meanwhile, 37 percent of Granite State voters are considering voting for Donald Trump — the lowest of the 13 candidates included in the poll.
In addition, 57 percent of those polled said they would never vote for Trump. The next highest was Bush with 47 percent and Paul at 40 percent. Only 16 percent of voters said they wouldn't vote for Kasich, while Rubio had the lowest at 11 percent.
Stuart Stevens, a top strategist for Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential, told this newspaper via social media that he expects Trump's support to fade.
“Trump has no policy or ideas to engage voters, so this (trend is) likely to accelerate. He has no second act,” Stevens wrote.
However, recent polls show Trump's support hasn't faded in New Hampshire.
According to the most recent RealClearPolitics.com poll average, Kasich is in 6th place in New Hampshire, with 7.7 percent. Trump, who has led the state since late July, leads the website's aggregate poll with 28.3 percent.
The American Research Group poll randomly surveyed 600 likely Republican primary voters by telephone between Sunday and Tuesday. It has a margin of error of four percentage points.
The New Hampshire primary will take place on February 9, eight days after the Iowa Caucuses.
Josh Miller/CNET
An Apple patent application, published today by the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) describes a new method for using metal in flexible displays to maximize conductivity without breaking components.
As flexible displays become more popular, companies are discovering an issue: the metal behind the displays used as conductive material can easily break. Some companies have tried to replace the metal with organic material to sidestep that issue, but the conduction is not nearly as high compared to metal.
Apple's patent application, published on Thursday and earlier reported on by Patently Apple, tries to solve that problem. The company has created a technique that would allow flexible displays to use metal as conductive material, but rather than craft the metal in straight lines, the "metal traces" are bent to enhance their strength.
According to Apple's patent, its technology employs "serpentine metal traces" that are capable of stretching -- not breaking -- whenever a flexible display is bent. Apple says that its technology works so well, displays can be entirely folded and the metal still would not break.
Although the patent application describes ways in which Apple's technology could be employed in smartphone displays, it's not clear whether it will actually come to the iPhone. Apple files for patents all the time, and in many cases, those technologies never make their way to devices. Still, flexible displays are slowly inching their way to the market, and it shouldn't surprise anyone if Apple joins the fray.
CNET has contacted Apple for comment. We will update this story when we have more information.
Paralysed mouth artist Henry Fraser reveals his painting of Thierry Henry's knee slide from Arsenal's 2002 North London derby win.
Mouth artist Henry Fraser has recreated Thierry Henry's knee slide following the Frenchman's goal for Arsenal in the North London derby in 2002.
Fraser, who is a former Saracens youth player, was paralysed from the shoulders down after dislocating his neck in an accident while on holiday in Portugal in 2009.
Fraser has since taken up painting by holding the paint brush in his mouth, and posted his latest work on Twitter ahead of the start of the new football season.
My latest mouth painting...only able to use my mouth. The famous @ThierryHenry knee slide. pic.twitter.com/cKV3oW6T9K — Henry Fraser (@henryfraser0) July 23, 2015
Fraser's previous subjects include former England rugby star Jonny Wilkinson, sprinter Usain Bolt and 2013 Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
Today Indian agriculture is a double tragedy. “Both in rice and wheat, India has a large untapped reservoir. It can make a major contribution to the world food crisis,” said M. S. Swaminathan, a plant geneticist who helped bring the Green Revolution to India.
India's own people are paying as well. Farmers, most subsisting on small, rain-fed plots, are disproportionately poor, and inflation has soared past 11 percent, the highest in 13 years.
Experts blame the agriculture slowdown on a variety of factors.
The Green Revolution introduced high-yielding varieties of rice and wheat, expanded the use of irrigation, pesticides and fertilizers, and transformed the northwestern plains into India's breadbasket. Between 1968 and 1998, the production of cereals in India more than doubled.
But since the 1980s, the government has not expanded irrigation and access to loans for farmers, or to advance agricultural research. Groundwater has been depleted at alarming rates.
Photo
The Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington says changes in temperature and rain patterns could diminish India's agricultural output by 30 percent by the 2080s.
Family farms have shrunk in size and quantity, and a few years ago mounting debt began to drive some farmers to suicide. Now many find it more profitable to sell their land to developers of industrial buildings.
Among farmers who stay on their land, many are experimenting with growing high-value fruits and vegetables that prosperous Indians are craving, but there are few refrigerated trucks to transport their produce to modern supermarkets.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A long and inefficient supply chain means that the average farmer receives less than a fifth of the price the consumer pays, a World Bank study found, far less than farmers in, say, Thailand or the United States.
Surinder Singh Chawla knows the system is broken. Mr. Chawla, 62, bore witness to the Green Revolution — and its demise.
Once, his family grew wheat and potatoes on 20 acres. They looked to the sky for rains. They used cow manure for fertilizer. Then came the Mexican semi-dwarf wheat seedlings that the revolution helped introduce to India. Mr. Chawla's wheat yields soared. A few years later, the same happened with new high-yield rice seeds.
Increasingly prosperous, Mr. Chawla finally bought his first tractor in 1980.
But he has since witnessed with horror the ills the revolution wrought: in a common occurrence here, the water table under his land has sunk by 100 feet over three decades as he and other farmers irrigated their fields.
By the 1980s, government investment in canals fed by rivers had tapered off, and wells became the principal source of irrigation, helped by a shortsighted government policy of free electricity to pump water.
Here in Punjab, more than three-fourths of the districts extract more groundwater than is replenished by nature.
Between 1980 and 2002, the government continued to heavily subsidize fertilizers and food grains for the poor, but reduced its total investment in agriculture. Public spending on farming shrank by roughly a third, according to an analysis of government data by the Center for Policy Alternatives in New Delhi.
Photo
Today only 40 percent of Indian farms are irrigated. “When there is no water, there is nothing,” Mr. Chawla said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And he sees more trouble on the way. The summers are hotter than he remembers. The rains are more fickle. Last summer, he wanted to ease out of growing rice, a water-intensive crop.
The gains of the Green Revolution have begun to ebb in other countries, too, like Indonesia and the Philippines, agriculture experts say. But the implications in India are greater because of its sheer size.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
India raised a red flag two years ago about how heavily the appetites of its 1.1 billion people would weigh on world food prices. For the first time in many years, India had to import wheat for its grain stockpile. In two years it bought about 7 million tons.
Today, two staples of the Indian diet are imported in ever-increasing quantities because farmers cannot keep up with growing demand — pulses, like lentils and peas, and vegetable oils, the main sources of protein and calories, respectively, for most Indians.
“India could be a big actor in supplying food to the rest of the world if the existing agricultural productivity gap could be closed,” said Adolfo Brizzi, manager of the South Asia agriculture program at the World Bank in Washington. “When it goes to the market to import, it typically puts pressure on international market prices, and every time India goes for export, it increases the supply and therefore mitigates the price levels.”
In April, in a village called Udhopur, not far from here, Harmail Singh, 60, wondered aloud how farmers could possibly be expected to grow more grain.
“The cultivable land is shrinking and government policies are not farmer friendly,” he said as he supervised his wheat harvest. “Our next generation is not willing to work in agriculture. They say it is a losing proposition.”
The luckiest farmers make more money selling out to land-hungry mall developers.
Gurmeet Singh Bassi, 33, blessed with a farm on the edges of a booming Punjabi city called Ludhiana, sold off most of his ancestral land. Its value had grown more than fivefold in two years. He made enough to buy land in a more remote part of the state and hire laborers to till it.
Meanwhile, Mr. Chawla's neighbors migrated to North America. They were happy to lease their land to him, if he was foolish enough to stay and work it, he said. Today, he cultivates more than 100 acres.
Photo
Last year, on a small patch of that land, he planted what no one in his village could imagine putting on their plate: baby corn, which he learned was being lapped up by upscale urban Indian restaurants and even sold abroad.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At the time, baby corn brought a better profit than the government's price for his wheat crop.
This had been the Green Revolution's other pillar — a fixed government price for grain. A farmer could sell his crop to a private trader, but for many small tillers, it was far easier to approach the nearest government granary, and accept their rate.
For years, those prices remained miserably low, farmers and their advocates complained, and there was little incentive for farmers to invest in their crop. “For farmers,” said Mr. Swaminathan, the plant geneticist, “a remunerative price is the best fertilizer.”
Mr. Swaminathan's adage proved true this year. After two years of having to import wheat, the government offered farmers a substantially higher price for their grain: farmers not only planted slightly more wheat but also sold much more of their harvest to the state. As a result, by May, the country's buffer stocks were at record levels.
Nanda Kumar, India's most senior bureaucrat for food, said the country would not need to buy wheat on the world market this year. That is good news, for India and the world, but how long it will remain the case is unclear.
Will greater demand for food and higher market prices enrich farmers, eventually, encouraging them to stay on their land? There is potential, but other conditions, like India's inefficient transportation and supply chains, would have to improve too.
How to address these challenges is a matter of debate.
From one quarter comes pressure to introduce genetically modified crops with greater yields; from another come lawsuits to stop it. And from yet another come pleas to mount a greener Green Revolution.
Alexander Evans, author of a recent paper on food prices published by Chatham House, a British research institution, said: “This time around, it needs to be more efficient in its use of water, in its use of energy, in its use of fertilizer and land.”
Mr. Swaminathan wants to dedicate villages to sowing lentils and oilseeds, to meet demand. The World Bank, meanwhile, favors high-value crops, like Mr. Chawla's baby corn, because they allow farmers to maximize their income from small holdings.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The market may yet help India. Mr. Chawla, for instance, has replaced baby corn with sunflowers, prompted by the high price of sunflower oil. For the same reason, he is also considering planting more wheat.
Untitled ghoulpl Oct 4th, 2013 260 Never 260Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint Autohotkey 1.05 KB #NoEnv ; Recommended for performance and compatibility with future AutoHotkey releases. ; #Warn ; Enable warnings to assist with detecting common errors. SendMode Input ; Recommended for new scripts due to its superior speed and reliability. SetWorkingDir %A_ScriptDir% ; Ensures a consistent starting directory. ;///////////////////////////////////////////////////////// ;//THIS IS AN AUTOHOTKEY SCRIPT // AHK VERSION: 1.1.9.4 // ;///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// ;//HOW TO USE: While holding left mouse button pressed, press arrow keys for fine mouse movements.//// ;///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// left :: if getkeystate ( "LButton" , "P" ) { MouseMove , - 1 , 0 ,, R } return right :: if getkeystate ( "LButton" , "P" ) { MouseMove , 1 , 0 ,, R } return up :: if getkeystate ( "LButton" , "P" ) { MouseMove , 0 , - 1 ,, R } return down :: if getkeystate ( "LButton" , "P" ) { MouseMove , 0 , 1 ,, R } return
RAW Paste Data
#NoEnv ; Recommended for performance and compatibility with future AutoHotkey releases. ; #Warn ; Enable warnings to assist with detecting common errors. SendMode Input ; Recommended for new scripts due to its superior speed and reliability. SetWorkingDir %A_ScriptDir% ; Ensures a consistent starting directory. ;///////////////////////////////////////////////////////// ;//THIS IS AN AUTOHOTKEY SCRIPT // AHK VERSION: 1.1.9.4 // ;///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// ;//HOW TO USE: While holding left mouse button pressed, press arrow keys for fine mouse movements.//// ;///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// left:: if getkeystate("LButton","P") { MouseMove, -1, 0,,R } return right:: if getkeystate("LButton","P") { MouseMove, 1, 0,,R } return up:: if getkeystate("LButton","P") { MouseMove, 0, -1,,R } return down:: if getkeystate("LButton","P") { MouseMove, 0, 1,,R } return
Annual economic losses from natural disasters have almost quadrupled in the past three decades, the World Bank said in a report that recommends investments ranging from early-warning systems to safer roads and buildings.
The average reported losses rose from around $US50 billion ($53 billion) a year in the 1980s to almost $US200 billion a year in the past decade, totaling $US3.8 trillion from 1980 to 2012, according to the report, which used data by Munich Re, the world's largest reinsurer. Three-quarters of the total was due to extreme weather, it said.
World Bank chief sees climate change intensifying storms such as typhoon Haiyan. Credit:AP
The report was released 10 days after one of the deadliest typhoons in Philippines history killed more than 3,600 and displaced hundreds of thousands of people. The report by the Washington-based bank urges a bigger role for “disaster resilience” planning in economic development.
Typhoon Haiyan “brought into sharp focus how climate change is intensifying the severity of extreme weather events, which hurts the poor the most,” World Bank President Jim Yong Kim said in an e-mailed statement. “The world can no longer afford to put off action to slow greenhouse emissions, and help countries prepare for a world of greater climate and disaster risks.”
Loading
United Nations climate talks start their second week in Warsaw today. Developing nations led by the 44-member Alliance of Small Island States are seeking an international mechanism that would help them cope with rising sea levels and acidifying oceans, as well as compensate them for the effects of storms and droughts that scientists say will become more intense as the planet warms.
Bloomberg
The New York City FC winger is making headlines on both sides of the pond after debuting for England's Under-21s amid his club's play-off push
The moment Jack Harrison realized that he had finally made it in his home country was not when he stepped onto the Riverside pitch for his England Under-21 debut, but when he walked past a TV screen.
“Growing up in England I watched Sky Sports all the time and one afternoon at St George's Park I walked past a TV and saw myself on it and I thought, ‘That's so weird',” Harrison laughs.
The New York City FC winger made headlines on both sides of the Atlantic when he was called up by Aidy Boothroyd to make his England Under-21 debut early this month. The 20-year-old made a brief late appearance as a substitute in the Euro 2019 qualifier against Scotland before playing 70 minutes in the away victory over Andorra.
New York City FC 'golden boy' Jack Harrison called up by England Under-21s Read more
Harrison, who moved to the United States aged 14 after leaving the Manchester United academy, showed in his time on the pitch that he belonged on the international scene. And he says the whole experience has given him a huge confidence boost ahead of NYC FC's play-off push.
“It was a great experience. I'm very grateful for the opportunity,” Harrison told the Guardian. “I learned a lot while I was there. With training I thought I would be behind a little but I found myself settling in a lot quicker than I expected. That was really encouraging as those guys are really talented and won the Under-20 World Cup together last year.
“I wasn't expecting to get in at all in the first game - I only had one real training session. But [Boothroyd] put me in for the last few minutes and it was really special. A lot of my family were there, which was great. As I was called up at short notice a lot of my family members couldn't make it as they already had booked trips but I had about 15 people there.
“The Andorra game wasn't the best but it was still nice to get the experience and the run-out.”
Harrison's journey to England for the qualifiers was unexpectedly eventful after he missed a flight. But he hit the ground running once he arrived. “As soon as I got out of the car as St George's Park – even though it was at night - was really special as I had never been there before,” he adds. “That was the moment it hit me, especially with everything leading up to it, including missing my flight.
Another thing too was when I opened my hotel door it had my name on it and an England badge - that was special. I wanted to keep it but it had already been taken down!”
Harrison, who was speaking at a NYC FC event launching the first 10 new mini-soccer pitches across the city, was able to catch up with former United academy team-mate Marcus Rashford and meet England head coach Gareth Southgate for the first time while at St George's Park. He was also quizzed in detail by his new England team-mates about life in the Big Apple.
“A lot of the other guys were asking a lot about MLS and my lifestyle - they were really intrigued,” he adds. “Being a young footballer in England is a dream but for them to say the same things about New York was surprising.”
As for his nascent England Under-21 career, Harrison's future looks bright. “The next [England U21] game we need to figure out the details as it may clash with a [NYC FC] play-off game. But Aidy said, ‘Not only have you done well but you've proved that you belong here as a person and a player as well.' That was a nice parting message.”
Photos courtesy of Venture Bros/JG Thirlwell
JG Thirlwell should need no introduction, but we're living in hideous times. Not necessarily the stupidest age imaginable—witch burning is relatively rare and (outside some glaring exceptions) we all agree the Earth is round as the top of a frightened hedgehog, maybe even rounder—but it's not really a golden age of discernment either. So, fine. JG Thirlwell (under names like; Foetus, Clint Ruin, Wiseblood, Manorexia, etc.) is a New York composer and musician who, for over 30 years, has been making a dark carnival racket that, sophisticated and visceral, sneers at any delineations of the borders between high and low culture. From noise to orchestral composition, from the Melvins to the MOMA, Thirlwell has done, well, exactly what he likes, encompassing all—influences and obsessions both—that he likes.
Since its premiere in 2003, Thirlwell has scored the Adult Swim animated series, The Venture Bros. A show that began as a simple and funnily mean Jonny Quest riff has grown into a multi-layered, still caustically hilarious universe. Thirlwell's compositions perfectly suit the antic, scathing sensibilities of the program. The first collection of his works for the show was released in 2009, and now he has just released JG Thirlwell: Music of The Venture Bros. Volume Two through a partnership between his own label Ectopic Ents and the network, which you can find here. JG was kind enough to chat about his work on the show and the record, and let us premiere a new accompanying video.
Noisey: Is there a wildly different process between composing for Venture Bros and your orchestral works? How about between the show and film soundtrack work?
JG Thirlwell: Scoring is a bit like problem-solving in that you have parameters to work within, like the timing, mood, and tempo of a cue, which I figure out beforehand. It's not a blank canvas. I have created a musical universe that the Venture Bros inhabits. There's a lot of leeway in that, and it changes all the time, according to the demands of the plotlines. But you are at the service of the show. I want to elevate and dramatize the show, but I get to know what works and what doesn't. It's pretty broad. In the show the characters may go to Greece, or outer space, in the last season there was a Velvet Underground-type band playing in the background.
You also create a musical language when you are scoring a feature, but the difference is that's one film and then it's over. I've been doing the Venture Bros for 13 years, and so far we've done about 75 episodes. I'm challenged to expand my writing to keep it fresh and moving forward. I think in Season Five I hit that Malcolm Gladwell 10,000 hour milestone because it seems like I got better and I was able to be more sophisticated and make cues that switch on a dime while still making musical sense.
Are you sent the show episode by episode or the whole season? Do you try to have recurring themes throughout the season, or is just what works for the individual episode/scene?
I get one episode at a time; I get the animatic of an episode, which is the storyboard with camera moves and the final dialog embedded on it. That's pretty final for timing, so I can score to that. If I'm closer to deadline sometimes I'll get the finished animation, which is a little easier to make accurate hits on the score. There are recurring themes for characters, settings, and moods. Some characters have their own musical themes. I work pretty far ahead of deadline, so I don't have to do too many episodes in a row, and I can do other work in between episodes, but usually by the end of the season I'm right on top of the deadline.
I know you're a fan of Carl Stalling, but what are your other influences for this kind of work? Is it mainly other soundtrack composers or do you draw from some of the same well as Foetus?
For so many people Carl Stalling was the gateway to classical music! It's interesting because the last season some of the cues I was making a soundtrack music that was about soundtrack music, for example a couple of times using the "goofy" trope on the bungling villain. I don't know that I want to continue down that path, but there are a lot of "meta" references in Venture Bros, and sometimes I am called on to do "sound-alike" stuff. I listen to huge amounts of soundtrack music, and it's been absorbed into my pores. I like modern bombast like Zimmer, Debney, Beltrami, Elfman, etc., but also classics like Goldsmith, Morricone, Herrman, and great TV sci-fi soundtracks. I tend to score it like an action movie as opposed to a Carl Stalling / Warner Bros cartoon where every gesture and eye blink is commented on musically (that's called Mickey Mouse-ing). My other projects like Manorexia, Foetus and Steroid Maximus have a fair bit of cinemania as well.
Do you ever find your work on Venture Brothers seeping into any of your other music?
I find that I get a lot out of my system in the scores for The Venture Bros that might have manifested itself in the rest of my work, so it's the opposite, really. I already have an avenue for that. But what informs my work from The Venture Bros is that it has helped me work more quickly, and by the sheer volume of work that I have had to do have gotten better. That's a good thing, as I started scoring Archer as well this year.
In terms of process, how much input do the directors have?
I work closely with the director Jackson Publick. When I get an animatic I block it out with cues that suggest how I think the score should go, what should be scored and what shouldn't, just to get the feel. Then I sit down with Jackson, and we discuss what his vision for the episode is. Sometimes he has very specific ideas about certain scenes, tonal reference points, or in some cases specific ideas about a new piece of music. We talk about where it should change tone, dip for dialog perhaps, and where the cue should start and end, and whether it should trail off into the next scene, lots of details like that. After I'm done we do a round of revisions. Sometimes he might want to change the way a cue decays, or sometimes I rearrange the dynamics, all sorts of stuff.
Jackson has pushed me to do some things that I wouldn't have otherwise done. In the first season I didn't want to do any sentimental and corny stuff. I tried it in season two, and when I saw how well it worked I started doing that when it was called for. He pushes me pretty hard; Venture Bros has a lot of scores in it! I was particularly proud of the space episode (for which I was nominated for an Annie award), which invokes John Williams's Star Wars scores. But it was so demanding I felt like I had scored a feature after I had done that.
Along those lines, how much do you have to do with the video? Is it just Adult Swim people doing sort of a clip show? Clearly the music matches the action on screen even for the video. Or are you hands on?
I got the blessing of Adult Swim to make the video, and I asked Efraim Klein, who worked up at Titmouse, the production company that makes Venture Bros, if he could put it together as he knows the footage from the episodes backwards. He ran out of time and enlisted one of his colleagues, Jordan Olds, to finish it. I had an idea of the flow that I wanted to see—the outer space stuff, starting with scenes, and concentrating on "heroic" stuff. We went back and forth as I keep bothering them with changes and new edits.
Who is your favorite character? I'm assuming it's a villain.
No, my favorite character is Brock Samson, the bodyguard. He is a badass.
Jim, I'm fucking sorry, but I'm a journalist and I have to ask. Have you played Pokémon Go yet? What is your favorite Pokémon?
Um, sorry I don't roll with Pokémon, Zack.
Zack Lipez is a writer based in New York. Follow him on Twitter.
Robotic process automation (RPA) and business analytics offer an opportunity to reinvent banking and improve customer service levels in the Middle East.
Download this free guide How countries across the Middle East are trying to diversify their economies away from oil revenues Take a look at how Saudi Arabia is trying to create their own version of Silicon Valley, how Dubai is trying to incorporate bitcoin into the property sector and how the UAE is trying to harness the power of artificial intelligence. Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn't appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address.
I agree to TechTarget's Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy. Please check the box if you want to proceed.
I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time. Please check the box if you want to proceed.
By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent.
Julen Mohanty, regional lead for strategic business engagements at JP Morgan Chase, who will be appearing in the banking stream of the Gitex Conference in Dubai next month, told Computer weekly the processes are the same but the way banks are doing business is different.
“Banks are going to open a new channel of business, with the same banking processes. The bank credit offer is not going to change, but the customer experience has changed,” he said. “The marketing for a credit card has changed, and while the card approval process has not changed, it has been automated with robotics.”
Mohanty said banks often operate a number of applications, which can make integration difficult following an acquisition. This is one process that lends itself to automation. “In these kinds of situations, robotic process automation is going to be very useful because, for a human, going to different systems, aggregating data and making information out of it is very difficult,” he said.
Electronic efficiency He said the key message of the banking stream of the Gitex conference, which runs alongside Gitex Technology Week, will be “how banks are going to prepare for a competitive advantage”. According to Mohanty, automation technology can be used to transform traditional banking processes. For example, when someone walks into a branch and requests a savings account, it takes time – possibly days – to gather and verify their documents and open an account. Read more about automation in banking Financial services employees believe the future of customer retail banking will be automated as the need for digital technology increases.
Middle East bank Emirates NBD is piloting artificial intelligence to automate customer services.
The CEO of Deutsche Bank says a “big number of staff will eventually be replaced by robots” as it looks to AI technology. But he said customers no longer need to visit a bank branch because the process can be managed electronically. “The customer fills out the details, uploads the document, and the bank systems can read everything. The idea is that the new system should be able to verify everything from the hard copy (unstructured data), pull out the required information, and verify it with the government or another authorisation site,” he said. “If you can verify the person within a couple of seconds, the bank account can be opened in less than a minute.” He said RPA is key. For example, when somebody uploads the scanned copy of a passport, RPA should be able to read it using an object character reader (OCR). “The system will read all those documents, convert the unstructured data to structured data, go to various government sites automatically to verify those documents, then e-sign those documents and open an account,” he said. “All of that is happening electronically using RPA.” A report from financial services management consultancy Opimas predicted that in 2017, discounting acquisitions of startups, finance firms in the investment sector would spend $1.5bn on robotic process automation, machine learning, deep learning and cognitive analytics, increasing by 75% to reach $2.8bn in 2021.
The next time you open the door to find the pizza you ordered (via an app of course), you may not find a delivery person standing on your doorstep.
Expect to see a drone dropping off your dinner. And perhaps that dinner was by prepped, at least in part, by robots. Eventually, some of your pizza's toppings may be lab grown-- but in the meantime, even those fresh-off-the-farm ingredients have a good chance of reaching your fork via robotics.
Today, automation is shaping up to be our generation's food revolution.
“Ultimately, robotics will go beyond the major food chains, giving even the smallest players like local artisanal bakeries and mom-and-pop restaurants the technology to deliver on-demand,” says Marco Perry, founder of Pensa—a New York product design and engineering firm. “The only thing left will be for something to chew our food for us.” Still, it will be a few years before our incisors are obsolete.
“Food-related technology like 3D food printers, robot chefs and fully automated fast food restaurants represent experiments or proof of concepts,” says David Tal, the president of QUANTUMRUN, a consulting agency specializing in long-term strategic forecasting and planning.
“There's still about five to10 years worth of testing, federal regulation approvals and general cost reductions in robotics involved before this tech goes mainstream.”
But Tal believes all of these innovations will eventually become a reality, although he's not so sure about the quality and sentimental value. “Will they make a better PB&J than your mother? That's debatable.”
Hungry for more? Here are a few major food industry movers and shakers to keep on your radar.
Eatsa
Scott Drummond, co-founder of San Francisco-based Eatsa doesn't mind that his vegetarian fast food eatery has been nicknamed the “robot restaurant.” Instead of cashiers and servers, Eatsa uses card-only kiosks and cubbies to feed its hungry fans.
“Our customer is anyone who likes the speed and certainty of not having to wait in line,” says Drummond who acknowledges customers can order, receive and eat their customized quinoa bowls without any human interaction. Tim O'Callaghan says he's eaten at Eatsa almost every day for weeks. “The automation is a bonus,” says O'Callaghan, “as for the social interaction, there are always people waiting for their food and many of them are blown away by how cool the process is so you end up feeling pretty good watching their reactions.” Eatsa has three California locations and is opening two East Coast locations (in Washington, D.C. and New York City) this fall.
Drone Delivery
Hungry for a foot-long hotdog or an order of cheesy bread? Look to the skies. Flirtey, a Nevada-based drone delivery service, made high-flying history this July and August with its partnerships with 7-Eleven and Domino's. Test deliveries in heavily insulated boxes were dropped off at locations in Nevada and New Zealand.
Flirtey CEO, Matt Sweeney, expects to be regularly servicing customers by late 2017. Pouncer is another UAV (unmanned air vehicle) making headlines for its culinary prowess. Billed as an “edible” drone, Pouncer was designed by England-based Windhorse Aerospace to be flown into war zones and disaster areas. One pouncer can carry enough provisions to feed 50 people and its components can be broken down and used for kindling for cooking. The company hopes to be making routine drops by late 2017.
Bionic Bar
No need to tip the bartender if you order your cosmo from the bionic bar on Royal Caribbean cruises. After making its debut in 2014, the bionic bar is now on four of the company's most popular ships. Guests use a tablet to place their orders—choosing from a total of 10,100 possible combinations—and then the bionic bar's robotic arms muddle, shake, slice, stir and strain. Customers can monitor the status of their orders on digital screens next to the bar.
The machine, manufactured by an Italian company, Makr Shakr, can produce up to two drinks per minute. Its for-rent mobile unit debuted in 2015 and has made appearances at events ranging from a concert in Bucharest to a Microsoft convention in London and the South Beach Food & Wine Festival.
Zume Pizza
Traditional Italian chefs may be rolling over in their graves. Boasting the world's first technology that cooks its deliveries en route, Zume Pizza is replacing the traditional stone pizza oven with 56 ovens on wheels. This "Baked on the Way" approach is the brainchild of Xbox and Shake Shack alums who believe their product, which requires fewer preservatives, is among the freshest in the delivery space. The pies are made in the company's main kitchen where “proprietary pizza-making robots” work alongside human chefs. They're then transferred to the delivery vehicles' ovens where they're pulled out of the oven as you open the front door.
The company made its first deliveries in Sept. in Mountain View, Calif. and expansion plans are in the works. The pizzas start around $15, delivery is free-- and tipping the bot is highly discouraged.
Chartwell's Meal Vending Machines
Is the hairnet-wearing lunch lady dishing out mac'n cheese about to retire to the history books? It's possible.
With the implementation of Chartwells K12 vending machines, schools are now able to serve nine USDA-complaint entrees in as few as 20 seconds. The cashless machines debuted in Stamford, Conn. schools four years ago, and Chartwells is working on expanding to schools across the country. In less than a year after implementing a K12 vending machine, one school reported a 15 percent revenue growth without adding labor costs.
Of course, employees are still needed for frequent restocking of fresh options like chicken wraps, garden salads, veggies and hummus, fruit and milk. A mobile menu app provides students and staff with the menu of the day and nutritional information.
McDonald's of the Future
The core menu of the iconic golden arches restaurant isn't changing any time soon, but the interiors of some McDonald's restaurants are now unrecognizable.
After seeing great success in Europe, Australia and Canada, McDonald's is testing its digital kiosks and table-service in major U.S. markets like New York, Florida and Chicago. Chicago's River North location has been dubbed a “McDonald's of the Future” and, so far, the company says its double-sided digital kiosks have been a hit with diners who can customize and pay for their orders without uttering a single word. McDonald's is careful to point out that these kiosks are not robots nor are they replacing human labor.
Instead, the company insists they're providing an opportunity to focus on new roles, like table service. “Technology may change the nature of the jobs in the restaurant,” says McDonald's CEO Steve Easterbrook, “but it gives us more opportunity to bring that manpower front-of-house—making for a better dining experience.”
Accusations are beginning to fly that the man who set up am ambitious Kickstarter project for a game called Code Hero, Alex Peake, has run out of money. The game seemed like a really cool idea — it was supposed to be able to teach players how to write programming code in a fun and interactive environment. However, backers of the project, who put in as much as $10,000, are now worried that they will never get anything back from their investment.
Pledger Dustin Deckard posted messages on the official project page alleging that Peake “recklessly” spent all $170,000 in Kickstarter funds and does not have any intention to continue with the project. Shortly thereafter, though, Peake updated his official page to say that development was still in progress but did not comment on the issue of funding.
If nothing ends up materializing, it would be a blow to the nearly 7,500 people who pledged money for the game's development including two who poured in the top tier $10,000 investment. Prior to his recent update, Peake had seemed to disappear — he last updated the Kickstarter page on September 3, and his last Twitter post was on November 17. Deckard threatened to take legal action if Peake did not reply.
Kickstarter will forever be known as one of the coolest internet innovations, allowing individuals the opportunity to fulfill their dreams, giving small to mid-size companies an exciting and personalized way to generate funding for their next project, and empowering average citizens to get in on the ground floor of the next big thing. These goals have always come with one unavoidable caveat, though — nothing is guaranteed.
Making a pledge on Kickstarter is not like placing an order on Amazon. The website even wrote a blog post earlier this year entitled “Kickstarter Is Not a Store.” According to the terms that all pledgers must agree to, if all the money is used up and the project is never completed, no one is entitled to a refund.
Obviously, if Peake spent any of the money on anything that was not related to the project, that would be a violating of Kickstarter's terms and conditions. Even that wouldn't be an easy process and could lead to months or years of court proceedings before anyone could even dream of getting their money back.
The only way any sort of automatic refund occurs is if a Kickstarter user cancels a project before all of the money was used. That certainly doesn't look to be the case here. What most likely happened is that Peake grossly underestimated how much it would cost and how long it would take to make his dream game. His most recent assurances seem to be made out of stress and the potential for legal action. Even before the allegations began to fly, many expressed huge concerns over Peake's business plan, saying there was no way he could make such an ambitious game for just $100,000 and change. Either way, it's certainly not going to meet the deadline posted on Kickstarter of February 2013.
Code Hero on Kickstarter, via Cult of Mac
NEW YORK — When Hillary Clinton spoke to Goldman Sachs executives and technology titans at a summit in Arizona in October of 2013, she spoke glowingly of the work the bank was doing raising capital and helping create jobs, according to people who saw her remarks.
Clinton, who received $225,000 for her appearance, praised the diversity of Goldman's workforce and the prominent roles played by women at the blue-chip investment bank and the tech firms present at the event. She spent no time criticizing Goldman or Wall Street more broadly for its role in the 2008 financial crisis.
Story Continued Below
“It was pretty glowing about us,” one person who watched the event said. “It's so far from what she sounds like as a candidate now. It was like a rah-rah speech. She sounded more like a Goldman Sachs managing director.”
At another speech to Goldman and its big asset management clients in New York in 2013, Clinton spoke about how it wasn't just the banks that caused the financial crisis and that it was worth looking at the landmark 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law to see what was working and what wasn't.
“It was mostly basic stuff, small talk, chit-chat,” one person who attended that speech said. “But in this environment, it could be made to look really bad.”
Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon dismissed the recollections as “pure trolling,” while the Clinton campaign declined to comment further on calls that she release the transcripts of the three paid speeches she gave to Goldman Sachs, for which she earned a total of $675,000.
But the descriptions of Clinton's remarks highlight the trap in which the Democratic presidential front-runner now finds herself. In a previous election cycle, no one would much care about the former secretary of state's comments to Goldman. They represent the kind of boilerplate, happy talk that highly paid speakers generally offer to their hosts. Nobody pays nearly a quarter of a million dollars to have someone criticize their alleged misdeeds. But 2016 is different.
Clinton is under relentless attack from Vermont democratic socialist Bernie Sanders for her ties to Wall Street, including paid speeches and campaign fundraising events. And she is now under intense pressure from the media and some on the left to release transcripts of her remarks to Goldman and other banks.
The problem is, if Clinton releases the transcripts, Sanders and other progressive candidates could take even seemingly innocuous comments and make them sound as though Clinton is in the tank for Wall Street. And if she doesn't, it makes her look like she has something very damaging to hide.
“On the one hand, if Clinton discloses these speech transcripts that's not going to be the end of it,” said Dennis Kelleher, chief executive of financial reform group Better Markets. “I think you are damned if you do and damned if you don't in this never ending game of gotcha. But as a political matter, she should probably just disclose it all and disclose it quickly.”
That kind of conflicted view — she should release the transcripts but will get hammered if she does — is rampant in Democratic circles. Some people close to the campaign both want Clinton to release the remarks, because they don't think there is anything bad about them, but worry about what will happen if she does.
“If it were up to me I'd just say go ahead and release them and deal with it,” said one senior Democrat close to the Clinton campaign. “But I can understand why they don't want to because anything can be taken out of context and blown up.”
So far, the Clinton campaign has shown no inclination to release the texts of her remarks to Goldman or anyone else. At a debate in New Hampshire last week, Clinton said she would “look into” the matter. A day after the debate, Clinton pollster Joel Benenson told reporters, “I don't think voters are interested in the transcripts of her speeches.” On ABC's “This Week” on Sunday, Clinton pushed back even harder on calls to release the speech transcripts.
“Let everybody who's ever given a speech to any private group under any circumstances release them. We'll all release them at the same time,” she said. “I have never, ever been influenced in a view or a vote by anyone who has given me any kind of funding.”
Clinton tried to turn the tables on Sanders in New Hampshire on Monday, saying he, too, has taken cash from Wall Street.
“Sen. Sanders took about $200,000 from Wall Street firms. Not directly, but through the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee,” she said. “There was nothing wrong with that. It hasn't changed his view! Well, it didn't change my view or my vote either!”
People close to the Clinton campaign say the hope is that calls for release of the transcripts will fade after New Hampshire, assuming the former first lady can defeat Sanders in South Carolina and the mass of mostly Southern states that vote on March 1 in the Super Tuesday primaries.
Potential general election opponents could conceivably hit Clinton on her Wall Street ties but it would be much harder for them to do so than Sanders. Many of the GOP candidates — including Donald Trump, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, John Kasich, Chris Christie and Ted Cruz — have ties to Wall Street. Kasich worked at Lehman Brothers and Cruz's wife works for Goldman Sachs. Bush, Rubio and Christie have all competed hard for donations from the financial industry.
But until Clinton gets clear of Sanders, her speeches to Goldman and other banks will likely continue to pose problems. Some progressive groups say beyond the speeches themselves, the fear is that, as president, Clinton would be too chummy with bankers and rely on Wall Street executives for senior positions like Treasury secretary. The highly paid speaking gigs just make these fears more intense.
“The big-picture question voters care about is: Who does a politician surround themselves with and will they hold accountable people they have a close relationship with?” said Stephanie Taylor, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. “Hillary Clinton would reassure voters if she said she would appoint a Treasury secretary not from Wall Street, an attorney general and SEC chair with a proven record of holding Wall Street accountable, and generally work with Elizabeth Warren to stop the revolving door between industry and government.”
Kelleher echoed that sentiment, saying Clinton could blow the speech question off the radar if she could more clearly articulate an approach to Wall Street that would ease anxiety on the left. Previous comments, including that she took the $675,000 from Goldman because “that's what they offered,” have not done the trick.
“I don't know how she does it, but she has got to get to the fundamental issue and address it in a way that convinces voters that, no matter what money she has gotten from Wall Street, when she is president she will represent the American people and do what's right,” Kelleher said. “Until she does that in a convincing way, stories like this will still be a problem for her.”
One thing that is clear is that Clinton could release the Goldman transcripts unilaterally if she chose to do so.
BuzzFeed reported over the weekend that contracts for two paid speeches — not to Goldman — made clear that Clinton owned exclusive rights to the content and any reproductions of her remarks.
A person familiar with the matter said that even if Goldman did have the ability to block Clinton from releasing her remarks, the bank would never exercise that right and would allow the speeches to be released.
But many Clinton supporters remain steadfast that she should not be pressured into releasing the text of private remarks.
“If we are going to hold one candidate to the standard of releasing their transcripts whether for speeches or fundraisers, then why don't we hold all of them to the same standard?” said Jimmy Williams, host of the DecodeDC podcast and a former MSNBC contributor. “I would wholeheartedly welcome that if we applied it to both Democrats and Republicans as well as socialists.”
The person who saw Clinton's Arizona remarks to Goldman said they thought there was no chance the campaign would ever release them. “It would bury her against Sanders,” this person said. “It really makes her look like an ally of the firm.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Viewpoints: Should Fred Goodwin have lost title?
The decision to strip former Royal Bank of Scotland boss Fred Goodwin of his knighthood has been criticised by business and political figures.
Ex-Labour Chancellor Alistair Darling said the decision appeared to have been taken "on a whim", as Mr Goodwin was not the only banker to cause problems.
The Institute of Directors warned of creating "anti-business hysteria".
Mr Goodwin was RBS chief executive in 2008 when the bank's near-collapse prompted a £45bn taxpayer bailout.
The Queen cancelled and annulled the title on the advice of the forfeiture committee - whose members include top civil servants and the head Treasury lawyer - in a decision welcomed by party leaders.
'Obscure' process
It followed a clamour for Sir Fred to be stripped of the title, awarded for "services to banking" under the previous Labour government in 2004.
But Mr Darling, who as Labour chancellor led negotiations over the RBS bailout, said he was concerned about the "obscure" process used to annul the knighthood and said there should be a clear set of principles on which decisions are based.
Here in one of Scotland's smartest suburbs there is some sympathy for Fred Goodwin. He was last seen late on Tuesday afternoon, sweeping out through the electronic gates of his large house in The Grange in a black Jaguar. There are plenty of bankers behind the high walls of these tree-lined streets who feel that Mr Goodwin's treatment has been harsh. Yes, they say, he was an arrogant, hubristic dealmaker but at a time when arrogant, hubristic dealmakers were all the rage, feted by many of the same politicians who are now cheering his downfall. As RBS chief executive, Mr Goodwin cemented Edinburgh's reputation as a financial powerhouse, to the delight of staff and shareholders who grew rich, on paper at least. The Treasury was more than happy to take and spend the millions of pounds in taxes paid by RBS. For others though, including some of the more old-fashioned bankers in the Scottish capital, many of whom lost fortunes when boom turned to bust, Fred Goodwin deserves the opprobrium. He was the epitome, they argue, of what went wrong with banking, helping to turn an industry with a reputation for being safe, solid and secure into a casino. Either way, when the crash came, Sir Fred had the furthest to fall. Robert Peston: Has government become anti-business? Nick Robinson: Sir Fred no longer
He questioned the idea that the decision had been undertaken independently, telling the BBC: "Committees can see the way the wind is blowing. I think the minute he was referred, the outcome was inevitable.
"I'm not here to defend Sir Fred... I just think we're getting into awful trouble here if we go after people on a whim and we don't have a clear set of principles against which we can judge people, it's not right."
The Institute of Directors (IoD) warned of politicians creating "anti-business hysteria" over the matter. Its director-general Simon Walker told the BBC that removing a knighthood because "you don't approve of someone" without there being any criminal conduct "politicises the whole honours system".
In the past, only convicted criminals or people struck off professional bodies have had knighthoods taken away.
Former Confederation of British Industry chief Lord Digby Jones, a former trade minister under Labour, said there was "the faint whiff of the lynch mob on the village green" about the decision.
However, he added he did not disagree with the end result to strip the honour.
'Cabinet of millionaires'
Former Formula 1 motor racing world champion Sir Jackie Stewart - a friend of Mr Goodwin - said he thought the former bank boss had been made a scapegoat.
"No single person or even any single bank created the biggest financial recession in modern times," he said.
"To have this stripped I think is poor for the constitution and very dangerous for the future."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The director general of the Institute of Directors, Simon Walker: "I don't think it's a business issue"
There were angry clashes in the Commons on Wednesday as Labour leader Ed Miliband pressed the prime minister to do more to make banks disclose how many employees were paid more than £1m.
David Cameron accused Labour of "hypocrisy" - saying the last Labour government had approved a bonus pool of £1.3bn at the Royal Bank of Scotland, and Mr Miliband was now in favour of action he had not taken in government. He had to withdraw the comment after the Speaker told him it was "not parliamentary".
But Mr Miliband accused the prime minister of giving "no leadership on top pay" - and said laws requiring banks to disclose high-paid employees was already on the statute book and could be implemented by ministers.
He added: "I think we have now heard it all. He says the class war against the bankers is going to be led by him and his cabinet of millionaires. I don't think it's going to wash."
Deputy Conservative deputy chairman Michael Fallon said it was wrong to suggest there had been political interference in the decision about Mr Goodwin.
He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "Ministers don't control the timings of the forfeiture committee, this is an entirely independent committee of civil servants."
'Public demand'
He also rejected suggestions it had been "done on a whim" - saying it had been three-and-a-half years since the near-collapse of RBS and followed a detailed report by the FSA.
He suggested other bankers could yet face similar consequences but added: "This was the biggest bank, [Mr Goodwin] was the dominant player in it and I think the public rightly feel [he] got away scot-free at the time... We've had this persistent demand from the public as to why this man should be allowed to retain an honour he was given for services to banking."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sir Jackie Stewart: It is very easy to talk once the cow has gone through the field
Mr Goodwin oversaw the multi-billion-pound deal to buy Dutch rival ABN Amro at the height of the financial crisis in 2007, which led to RBS having to be bailed out to the tune of £45bn by taxpayers.
There had been a growing clamour for him to be stripped of his honour following thousands of job losses at RBS and in the banking industry, and the impact on the wider economy.
The BBC's business editor Robert Peston said Mr Goodwin was in a "class of his own" in terms of the risks that he took at RBS - reflected in the size of the bailout required to rescue the company.
In 2009, Mr Goodwin, who received an annual pension of £650,000 - later reduced to £342,500 - after leaving the bank, told a committee of MPs he "could not be more sorry" for what had happened.
Light from Type I supernovae is used as a standard for distances Researchers have come up with a theory for how stars can end in a spectacular so-called Type Ia supernova in less than 100 million years. While such early-stage supernovae are well-known, theory has been unable to explain them. The secret, the researchers say, is that white dwarf stars steal mass from nearby "helium stars" until they have enough mass to initiate a supernova. The research appears in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society. The new theory concerns white dwarf stars, the dense remains of stars like the Sun that have fused their hydrogen into helium and then the helium into carbon and oxygen. Existing theory held that these carbon/oxygen white dwarves can gather up further mass from nearby companion stars. When they reach a critical mass, about 40% more than the Sun, they can undergo further fusion. In just a few seconds, the white dwarf's carbon is fused into heavier elements in a runaway process that releases huge amounts of energy into the cosmos: a supernova. Too fast Because the process happens with a known brightness, such supernovae have been used by astronomers as a standard for distances. Before this investigation, there was no model which could produce a large population of such young Type Ia supernovae
Xuefei Chen However, the theory held that the mass-accreting process would take more than 100 million years to occur. However, observations have it that about half of the Type Ia supernovae observed occur in less than that amount of time. Bo Wang and colleagues of the National Astronomical Observatories at the Chinese Academy of Sciences investigated the problem, performing calculations based on 2600 relatively nearby white dwarf/companion star pairs. They found that if the companion star was a so-called helium star - which had fused all its hydrogen to form a helium core - then the white dwarf could steal away mass more quickly, leading to a supernova event in less than 100 million years. "Before this investigation, there was no model which could produce a large population of such young Type Ia supernovae, and no knowledge of a way to produce such numbers," study co-author Xuefei Chen told BBC News. Dr Chen said that the theft of mass from helium stars is likely to produce most of the "young" Type Ia supernovae that we observe, if not all of them. "A significant population of young Type Ia supernovae may have an effect on models of galactic chemical evolution, since they would return large amounts of iron to the interstellar medium much earlier than previously thought," Dr Chen added. "It may also have an impact on cosmology, as they are used as cosmological distance indicators." The team now plans to study the extremely high-velocity helium stars that would be the remnants of such supernovae. While such fast-moving stars have been spotted before, their speed was attributed to gravitational interactions, rather than supernovae. Those remnants may now serve as proof of the team's theory.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Innis & Gunn Canada Releasing Bourbon Pale Ale as Newest Seasonal
TORONTO, ON – The Canadian office of Scotland's Innis & Gunn has announced details of the next I&G seasonal brand to be released in Canada.
Bourbon Pale Ale is a 6% abv ale described as follows:
This refreshing beer is an Innis & Gunn homage to our favourite American pale ales. It's made with classic American hops, cascade and amarillo, and matured over American oak infused with bourbon. The result is a crisp, lively pale ale.
Innis & Gunn Bourbon Pale Ale will be available in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, New Brunswick and Newfoundland, with release dates varying from August to October depending on the region, and price ranging from $3.75 to $3.97 per 300 ml bottle.
For more details on availability and price, check with your local beer and liquor retailer.
EA is shutting down Visceral Games, the studio behind titles such as Dead Space and Battlefield Hardline.
The Star Wars title that was in development will now be shifting studios and will be reworked into a new game entirely. Amy Henning, Ex-Uncharted director for Naughty Dog, who was overseeing the Star Wars project, is currently in talks with EA regarding the future of the Star Wars title.
“Our industry is evolving faster and more dramatically than ever before. The games we want to play and spend time with, the experiences we want to have in those games, and the way we play…all those things are continually changing. So is the way games are made. In this fast-moving space, we are always focused on creating experiences that our players want to play…and today, that means we're making a significant change with one of our upcoming titles,” Patrick Söderlund said in an official statement.
Söderlund took to their official blog and talked about the Star Wars game and how the company has been developing and iterating the title based off of fan feedback. He went on to state that EA is currently in the process of shifting staff from Visceral into other sectors within EA.
A development team from across Worldwide Studios will take over development of the game, led by the EA Vancouver team that has already been working on the project. Steve Anthony, an executive producer at EA, will lead the team and will use much of the work that has been done to date by Visceral, according to an email Söderlund sent to employees that was obtained by Kotaku.
Hopefully, all the talented individuals at Visceral find new avenues and work opportunities that continue to contribute to the release of more great games.
Liked this article and want to read more like it? Brendan Frye's Star Wars Battlefront 2 release window coverage and Why the future of Star Wars is Skywalker free
Want to see more videos? Subscribe to our YouTube channel and check out the First 15: The Evil Within 2, Forza Motorsport 7, and Cuphead!
Don't forget to tune in every Friday the Pixels & Ink Podcast to hear the latest news, previews, and in-depth game discussions!
Never miss when new CGM articles go out by following us on Twitter and Facebook!
CGMagazine is Canada's premiere comics and gaming magazine. Subscribe today to get the best of CGM delivered right to your door! Never miss when a new issue goes live by subscribing to our newsletter! Signing up gives you exclusive entry into our contest pool. Sign up once, you'll have a chance to win! Sign up today!
Hey everyone,
It's our distinct pleasure to introduce Plasma Lemon, a Master level Orianna main who's logged 1400 games on the Lady of Clockwork since Season 3.
We picked his brain about his intro to League, why he loves Orianna, optimal item builds, runes/masteries, matchups, and much more.
UPDATE - This AMA is officially closed, but Plasma will be checking back tonight and tomorrow to answer some more of your questions. Thanks for all of the great questions and a big thank you to Plasma Lemon for hanging out!
------
How did you get into League of Legends?
A group of friends that I met on another game played League together, and they started telling me that I should try it. I had never played any game similar to League, so it took a few months of encouragement from my friends for me to finally try it. Before I knew it, I was spending all my free time playing it.
Where does your Summoner name come from?
So I came up with "Lemon" to use as my nickname for summer camp back when I was 9 or 10. After that, I started using "Lemon" in the usernames I created for various games and websites. One day I thought of "Plasma Lemon" and loved it. I feel that it's unique and interesting, and I don't think I'll ever find something better to use for my name.
What got you hooked on playing Orianna?
Playing Orianna forces you to keep track of more things than you do while playing most other champs. When planning your moves, instead of considering how your abilities will interact with the game, you have to consider how your abilities will interact with your ball, and how your ball will interact with the game. It adds a whole new layer of complexity.
Who is your go-to champion if Orianna gets banned?
If Orianna isn't available for me to pick, I try to look for another champion with a playstyle similar to Ori's. Lately, that champion is Lux.
If you could describe Orianna's playstyle in a sentence, what would it be?
Orianna's playstyle involves considering all the different things you can do, and deciding which is the most worth doing.
Suppose your Jarvan ults the enemy Kogmaw. You could shield Jarvan and ult to try hitting Kogmaw with it but you know Kogmaw has his flash up, and is probably watching for your ult. Or you see the fed enemy Tryndamere heading towards your team's Lucian. You could shield Lucian and help him kite the Tryndamere. Would it be better to focus on helping Jarvan deal with the enemy Kogmaw, or would it be better to focus on helping Lucian?
As you can see, when playing Orianna, it's not just about whether you hit your skills or not. It's also about hitting your skills in the best possible way they can hit.
What runes and masteries do you run on her?
Generally, my default runes for Orianna are magic pen marks, hp/lvl seals, cdr/lvl glyphs, and flat AP quints. You really can't go wrong with that page. For masteries, I always take 12 points in Ferocity and 18 in Cunning, with Thunderlords as the keystone.
What is Orianna's core item build?
Orianna wants CDR+mana, and then she wants damage. Athene's gives plenty mana, so it's a pretty good item for Orianna to rush. However, the MR given by Athene's is not useful if you're laning against an AD champ, so you should buy Morello instead against AD.
But with just Morello, managing mana is hard. That's why it's not a bad idea to pick up a Rod of Ages before building Morello. If you complete the RoA and get it stacking up early, you'll hit a very nice spike with your power after finishing Morello. But you should only build a RoA if you're confident that the game is gonna last long enough for your power spike to show up.
After Morello/Athenes, you want Deathcap and Void staff (and you should upgrade your boots to Sorcerer Shoes somewhere in between). If you can get both of those, you will be able to do a ton of damage.
So if Orianna has a complete 6-item build, I would say that these four items should pretty much always be there: Sorcerer Shoes. Morello OR Athenes. Deathcap. Void Staff.
The other two items are situational, and can be any combination of these: Abyssal, Zhonyas, Ludens, Rylai's, Liandries, RoA, Banshees, GA.
What are Orianna's easiest matchups? What are her toughest?
Orianna's easiest matchups are ones where she outranges her opponent, AND her opponent doesn't have any reliable way of getting close to her. The most noteworthy examples are Twisted Fate and Annie.
Orianna's toughest matchups tend to be ones where "staying back" isn't enough to avoid fights with her opponent, champs like Zed, Fizz, LeBlanc, Syndra, Ahri, Talon, Diana.
What is Orianna's main job in lane? What about Teamfights?
In lane, Orianna's main job is to get the gold and experience she needs in order to be useful for teamfights.
If she can do more, like put pressure on her lane opponent, and roam to help other lanes, then of course that would be great. But keeping up in farm and experience should be Ori's top priority. Because if Ori can do that, then she's gonna prove to be very powerful in teamfights.
Orianna's job in teamfights is to use her skills in the way that best helps the team. Whether that's playing aggressively and looking to catch the enemy carries out with her ult, or playing defensively and help protect your teammates from being caught.
If someone is playing Orianna for the first time, what is the most important thing to bear in mind?
I think the most important thing to keep in mind is that that getting your spells to hit the enemies is just the first step to learning Orianna... Once you get that down, start paying attention to how you get your spells to hit!
What do you think is the most powerful part of Orianna's kit?
The most powerful part part of her kit... I'd say it's how Orianna's ball is pretty much indestructible! Even if Yasuo intercepts the path of the ball with his wind wall, the ball just resets and goes back to Ori.
The only thing that limits the ball is the leash range. If the enemies want to walk somewhere, and Orianna's ball is blocking their way there is absolutely nothing they can do to the ball to move it. They can try to find Orianna, and force her out of the area so the ball resets to her, but the ball is invincible.
What do you look for in a high-quality Shockwave?
Generally, you're only gonna get one ult to use in a teamfight so when I'm looking to Shockwave, I'm looking to make it count. If I'm strong enough to kill the enemy carries with a rotation of my spells, then I'll always be looking for an opportunity to catch them out with my ult. But if I'm by myself, and hit all 5 enemies with a Shockwave, and none of the enemies even have to back, then that Shockwave didn't really count for much, even if it hit 5 people.
I would say that a high quality Shockwave is any Shockwave that turns the tides of a teamfight, and helps your team win a fight that they would have otherwise lost.
What's a neat trick about Orianna that players may not know?
While you have the ball with you, you can press R, and flash right before the ult finishes casting. This can really catch people off guard, and if they were watching for your ult and ready to flash away from it if they saw it, ult-flashing on them can be your best shot at hitting them with the ult.
Thanks for taking the time to chat with us! If readers want to reach out, where can they find you?
Thank you for having me! I always love for a chance to discuss about my favorite champion. If any reader wants to reach me, coming to my stream - www.twitch.tv/plasma_lemon - is probably their best bet. And if they can't seem to catch me when my stream is live, they're free to send me a message on Twitch.
-----------
Stick around in the comments and ask Plasma Lemon any questions you have about Orianna!
click to enlarge Mike Koozmin/The S.F. Examiner
A tribute marks the spot near where a girl was fatally hit Tuesday.
About four hours before the clock struck midnight Tuesday, San Francisco police say a driver struck a family of three, killing a 6-year-old girl and marking an endnote to a year marred with the highest number of pedestrian fatalities since 2007.
The accident at Polk and Ellis streets occurred 4½ hours after 86-year-old Zhen Guang Ng was fatally hit by a driver at the crosswalk at Rolph and Naples streets, according to the Medical Examiner's Office. The two deaths on the last day of 2013 brought the pedestrian fatality count to 20 for the year, according to Walk San Francisco, the highest number since 24 were killed six years ago.
“It's a new year with all the sadness, a wake-up call to The City that we need to prioritize pedestrian safety,” said Walk SF Executive Director Nicole Schneider. “Twenty people dying last year alone should be a cause for concern that this is a public health and public safety crisis that The City needs to take responsibility for.”
Pedestrian fatalities in 2013 surged from the previous five years, which saw between 13 and 17 each year, despite a pedestrian strategy released early last year. The Police Department had also launched a campaign in late 2012 focusing on the five leading causes of collisions.
Police Cmdr. Mikail Ali, who works with the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency, surmises the uptick may be partly attributed to the thousands of jobs that have been created in The City in the past year.
“We're bringing more and more people into our city and with that is a challenge of managing and getting better behavior on the part of our drivers and in some cases on the part of pedestrians,” he said. “When you behave in such a grossly negligent way, you're going to find yourself unfortunately going to jail when you take someone's life on the roadway.”
Economics appear to factor in greatly. Fatality numbers last exceeded 20 before the economic downturn.
“If you have a recession, you suddenly have fewer people coming into San Francisco to work,” Ali said. “Now you have a boom of people coming into our city and that increases the conflict.”
San Francisco's population is growing while the Police Department tries to rebuild its depleted force. The 1,600 officers in June was the lowest number Ali has seen in more than two decades. Though still far from the goal of 2,000 officers, the department with about 1,700 officers currently and more recruits in line looks to “see a marked increase in traffic enforcement,” Ali said.
The accident at Polk and Ellis streets, allegedly involving a for-pay driver, that killed Sophia Liu and injured her 4-year-old brother and mother, as well as Ng's death, speak to a trend the Police Department plans to present to the Police Commission on Jan. 8.
Many pedestrian deaths in 2013 involved the elderly and Asian populations, and the agencies are working to trace the victims' and perpetrators' ZIP codes to target education and enforcement efforts.
“I was at the scene of the girl's death and it's very concerning, heartbreaking,” Ali said. “We've got to do something and everybody has a part to play.”
Pedestrians killed in accidents:
2000: 32
2001: 19
2002: 18
2003: 24
2004: 20
2005: 14
2006: 16
2007: 24
2008: 13
2009: 16
2010: 13
2011: 17
2012: 16
2013*: 20
* Number courtesy Walk SF
All other numbers: SF Police Department
The Shiniest Blog Engine in Oz
Introducing Tinman, the shiniest blog engine in Oz!
Let's get started
Tinman is a tiny static-ready blog engine inspired by the toto library.
A basic tinman blog looks like this:
example ├── articles │ └── 2014-08-01-the-shiniest-blog-engine-in-oz.md └── public └── style.css
You can grab a copy on npm:
npm install -g tinman
You can also check out the source code, follow issues, and much more over on GitHub.
Usage
Create a new blog
$ tinman create Blog title: myblog Your blog is ready! To get started: cd myblog/ tinman server $ tinman create myblog # Generate example templates to play with as well $ tinman create myblog --with-templates
Generate a new article
$ tinman new Title: This is my first blog post Article generated at: articles/2014-07-05-this-is-my-first-blog-post.md
Run your blog on a local webserver
$ tinman server Server listening on port 3000... $ tinman server --port 1337 Server listening on port 1337...
Build your blog as a static site
$ tinman build Blog successfully built to: build/ $ tinman build --output-dir www Blog successfully built to: www
Why?
Blogging is weird. Sometimes we run entire web servers just to host a couple words. That's odd, but sometimes it's necessary, Tinman gets that.
Other times we use industrial-grade static site generators to spit out a few files. These tools are really awesome for some things, but they get in the way for others.
Tinman isn't like that. Tinman is small, simple, and opinionated.
Writing Articles
Articles are written in Markdown and use YAML Front Matter to set various options.
--- title: Hello, World! date: 2014-06-22 --- Once upon a time...
Extra customization
If you're feeling the need to customize your blog further, you can edit the default templates that Tinman uses. Just add the --with-templates option when calling tinman create .
Tinman also supports the notion of "plugins," which are just simple helper functions you can call from your templates.
There's some more about this on GitHub.
Static Files
Tinman will automatically copy static assets (images, stylesheets, javascripts) from the "public" directory (default: public/ ). It doesn't need to be any more difficult than that.
You can throw images in there, audio files, even complete HTML documents.
Even cooler, any JS or CSS you throw in there will be automatically inserted into your main layout with Tinman.
What else?
Not much! Tinman's pretty simple. It takes the same "10 second blog engines for hackers" spirit behind toto and adds a couple nifty features.
Be sure to check us out on GitHub.
A meeting of GNU Toolchain developers.
Donations made through the FSF will help speed development of the GNU Toolchain projects, for example by compensating developers working on critical components, upgrading servers and other infrastructure, and facilitating in-person opportunities for collaboration and project advocacy. Donations are accepted in US dollars, Euro and British Pounds (email donate@fsf.org for transfer info), and Bitcoin. Since the FSF is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, donations are tax deductible in the US, and many employers will match employee contributions.
The FSF will oversee use of the funds, advised by a committee made up of developers from the GNU Toolchain projects. Joel Brobecker, a committee member who is the Global Maintainer and Release Manager for the GNU Debugger, part of the GNU Toolchain, said:
"This is another great initiative from the FSF aimed at providing funds benefiting the GNU Toolchain and its sub-components. While these projects enjoy a strong and vibrant community of both users and contributors, this fund will help at the operational level, providing additional support towards the collaborative improvement and growth of these projects and their community. It will also help those projects move forward in new areas that collaboration alone could not reach. I am looking forward to seeing this fund in action."
GNU Toolchain projects maintain the standards-compliant compiler, header files, basic system libraries, and debuggers that provide a smooth and efficient experience for the GNU/Linux developer and user communities. Its subprojects include, among others: the GNU Compiler Collection (also known as GCC), the GNU C Library (also known as GLIBC), and the GNU Debugger (also known as GDB). Like all GNU software, the elements of the GNU Toolchain are freely available to copy, audit and improve.
Carlos O'Donell, another committee member who is FSF Steward and developer for the GNU C Library, said:
"The FSF has always been a forward looking organization, and they have shown it again today by creating this fund. It will enable the GNU Toolchain community to reach more users by focusing funding on key requirements faced by the entire GNU Toolchain community. Right out of the gate, we will be able to look at the continuous integration work being carried out by core projects like the GNU C Library and the GNU Debugger. This work needs support and maintenance to enable developers to accelerate the pace of innovation across all the supported configurations from servers down to embed. It is really an exciting time for the GNU Toolchain."
Support for the GNU Toolchain is part of the FSF's Working Together for Free Software initiative, which connects software freedom advocates to projects that need their help. Other projects that have benefited from this program include the GNU Guix package manager, the Replicant free mobile operating system, and the federated Web media-publishing platform GNU MediaGoblin.
About the Free Software Foundation
The Free Software Foundation, founded in 1985, is dedicated to promoting computer users' right to use, study, copy, modify, and redistribute computer programs. The FSF promotes the development and use of free (as in freedom) software—particularly the GNU operating system and its GNU/Linux variants—and free documentation for free software. The FSF also helps to spread awareness of the ethical and political issues of freedom in the use of software, and its Web sites, located at https://fsf.org and https://gnu.org, are an important source of information about GNU/Linux. Donations to support the FSF's work can be made at https://donate.fsf.org. Its headquarters are in Boston, MA, USA.
More information about the FSF, as well as important information for journalists and publishers, is at https://www.fsf.org/press.
About the GNU Operating System and Linux
Richard Stallman announced in September 1983 the plan to develop a free software Unix-like operating system called GNU. GNU is the only operating system developed specifically for the sake of users' freedom. See https://www.gnu.org/gnu/the-gnu-project.html.
In 1992, the essential components of GNU were complete, except for one, the kernel. When in 1992 the kernel Linux was re-released under the GNU GPL, making it free software, the combination of GNU and Linux formed a complete free operating system, which made it possible for the first time to run a PC without non-free software. This combination is the GNU/Linux system. For more explanation, see https://www.gnu.org/gnu/gnu-linux-faq.html.
Media Contacts
John Sullivan
Executive Director
Free Software Foundation
+1 (617) 542 5942
campaigns@fsf.org
Photo by David Edelsohn under the Creative Commons Attribution License (cc-by) 4.0
JNS.org – An Israeli-made robotic airplane tow vehicle made its debut at Frankfurt Airport on Thursday in a ceremony attended by journalists from around the world.
Israel Aerospace Industries' (IAI) “TaxiBot” was designed to ferry the most commonly used passenger airplane, the Boeing 737, from its terminal to the runway. The TaxiBot was first tested on a commercial Lufthansa flight, and later, after a thorough and prolonged review, was approved by Israeli and European aviation authorities. During Thursday's ceremony, a memorandum of understanding was signing between IAI and Lufthansa to develop a larger TaxiBot model to support larger aircraft such as the Boeing 747 and Airbus A380.
The TaxiBot is an upgrade over the traditional airplane towing vehicle, known as a pushback truck. The pushback truck pulls an airplane away from a terminal to a safe distance, so that the pilots can use the airplane's thrusters to maneuver the plane without fear of jet exhaust damaging the terminal or spreading debris. But the drive from the terminal to the runaway burns a lot of fuel. The TaxiBot, alternatively, Taxibot allows the pilot to drive the plane from the cockpit via remote control and take it from the terminal to the runway, without having to use the plane's engine. This reduces air pollution and fuel consumption.
“We have started an eco-friendly revolution in the commercial aviation industry,” said IAI Corporate Vice President Shuki Eldar.
Johnny Ertl scored his third ever goal for Portsmouth
Portsmouth defender Johnny Ertl scored his first goal since last September to give his side a point against Wycombe.
The Chairboys came close to taking the lead in the first half when Paul Robinson was forced to clear a Peter Murphy shot off the line.
Gareth Ainsworth's side went in front on 50 minutes when Sam Wood deflected a Murphy shot past Paul Jones.
Pompey's James Dunne hit the bar before Ertl volleyed Dan Butler's corner home for a 70th-minute equaliser.
Portsmouth manager Andy Awford told BBC Radio Solent:
Media playback is not supported on this device Awford on Portsmouth v Wycombe
"We had a couple of chances there to get back into it and we have taken one. Unfortunately we couldn't find that second goal or that second chance when we had momentum in the second half.
"But the character pleased me. We went behind against Southend and I said I didn't think we looked great, but today was better, we had more of a reaction and managed to find that goal.
"It was a great finish from Johnny. He has performed well at centre-half to start with. then went forward for the last 25 minutes of the game as we are chasing it and he has popped up with a goal. He is an unlikely scorer for us and I'm delighted for him as he is such a top pro.
"We didn't defend the free-kick very well. We did look a threat after they scored. The character was there and overall I think a draw was a fair result."
Wycombe manager Gareth Ainsworth told BBC Three Counties Radio:
Media playback is not supported on this device Ainsworth on Portsmouth v Wycombe
''I'm pleased with a point and the lads were gutted they didn't get three. I thought we dominated the first half, right up until we scored.
''We were unlucky to lose a goal to a set-piece. To come to Fratton Park in front of that huge, huge crowd to take away a point, I think, is a huge result.''
''The lads are together, it's a young young group and we're still learning. There's plenty to come, we're growing as a team.''
''We'll keep working hard and keep putting points on the board. I'm going home a happy manager.''
Another MPs' report testifies to the great efforts made to disguise salaries as something more exotic – and less taxable. This time the BBC's "off-payroll contracts" are in the frame, and it is galling to see public services choking the fiscal lifeblood on which they depend, but the reality is that this is all of a piece with tax-shirking attitudes that blight wider society, from the humble builder advised to reinvent his wages as dividends to his wife, right up to the top of corporate towers, where a tentacle is thrown out to the Caymans to knock up a sign reading "home, sweet home". With a national debt rapidly heading towards parity with national income, we cannot afford such expensive lies. The last time the country was racking up this sort of debt, in the depths of the second world war, it did something radical – instigating the Pay As You Earn system, which established the presumption of tax first, ask questions later. Reasserting that in these less deferential times might seem tricky – wouldn't everyone just do their deals in readies, to be stuffed under the mattress? Maybe, but an opportunity glimmers in the cloud of a crisis in which fiat money's goose is slowly but surely being cooked. If we got ahead of the game and abolished cash, we could tax every payment, from whatever source, on its way into a bank account. The taxman could apply allowances, and even boost them with the deluge of cash, but then challenge anyone wanting a rebate to come forward and make their case – and with a straight face.
According to a recent study from Medico Health Solutions Inc., a leading American pharmacy-benefit manager, more than a quarter of U.S. children and teenagers are taking prescription medication on a regular basis. Close to 7 percent are on more than one medication.
With there seemingly a perscription for every ache and pain, that number might not be all that surprising, but that doesn't make it any less problematic. Although we get a laundry list of side effects at the end of every prescription-drug commercial, there still isn't much information for the effects of such drugs on children.
Asthma and ADHD treatments are well known, but, according to The Wall Street Journal, a bevy of new drugs are being given to children:
Children and teens are also taking a wide variety of other medications once considered only to be for adults, from statins to diabetes pills and sleep drugs, according to figures provided to The Wall Street Journal by IMS Health, a research firm. Prescriptions for antihypertensives in people age 19 and younger could hit 5.5 million this year if the trend though September continues, according to IMS. That would be up 17 percent from 2007, the earliest year available.
However, these drugs don't necessarily get tested properly:
Most medications that could be prescribed to children on a chronic basis haven't been tested specifically in kids, says Danny Benjamin, a Duke University pediatrics professor. And older drugs rarely get examined, since pharmaceutical firms have little incentive to test medicines once they are no longer under patent protection. Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
The Food and Drug Administration has created a program that rewards drug companies for testing their medications in children. According to Benjamin, in one-third of these studies there have been unexpected side effects or results suggesting that a lower dosage amount should be used.
Benjamin warns parents that mistakes are still being made with children's prescriptions:
“We know we're making errors in dosing and safety,” says Dr. Benjamin, who is leading a new National Institutes of Health initiative to study drugs in children. He suggests that parents should do as much research as they can to understand the evidence for the medicine, confirm the diagnosis, and identify side effects. Among the places to check: drug labels and other resources on the FDA's website, published research at www.pubmed.gov, and clinical guidelines from groups like the American Academy of Pediatrics.
—Photo CarbonNYC/Flickr
[MORE STORIES FROM GOOD FEED]
Hopes are high of a surge of business to Laois tourism, following the lodgement of planning applications by Coillte for a mountain bike trail on the Slieve Blooms.
The project, in the pipeline since 2010, would offer mountain bike cyclists a total of 73 km of off-road mountain bike trails in varying grades of challenge.
Most of the trail including a cafe would be based on the Laois side, with 40km starting from a trailhead in Baunreagh, going through Monicknew and Bockagh.
The rest would start out from Kinnitty in Offaly, with a link between the two trails along the R440 road.
The plans include facilities to hire bikes, parking, toilets, and a wastewater treatment plant at Baunreagh, with similar facilities at Castletown in Kinnitty.
A café is planned at Baunreagh in the second phase of the project.
Coillte say the facilities would also be available to walkers and hikers.
The applications have been lodged with both Laois and Offaly county councils by Daithi De Forge from Coillte Recreation, who expects that the first stage of the trail will be ready for use by Summer 2017.
“The proposal is still at an early stage in the development process, but the planning application, as well as an accompanying Natura Impact Statement, is now available for public inspection at the offices of Laois and Offaly County Council,” Coillte say.
Public reaction to the development has been positive according to The Slieve Bloom Co-Operative Society, which aims to develop and promote the Slieve Bloom region.
“The development of these trails will have a major impact on tourism numbers in the Slieve Blooms and surrounding area. We are very excited about this major tourism project for the economic and recreational benefit it will bring not just to the midland region but the wider Irish community.
We are amazed at the huge response the announcement has generated,” the society said recently.
It is unconfirmed how much the trail will cost to build, with government funding to be sought after planning permission is granted.
The trail is the second of four national bike trails planned by Coillte.
A similar trail in the Ballyhoura Mountains in Limerick brings in about 40,000 visitors a year.
The bike trail itself would be two foot in width, within a corridor of 100 metres across the mountain.
A Natura Impact Statement was submitted with the application.
A decision is due on the Laois application by May 25, and by May 23 in Offaly.
To make a submission or view the application, see the planning section on www.laois.ie, ref. 16125. See www.coillteoutdoors.ie for details of other trails.
Huawei's kicking off the events here at MWC in Barcelona, but it revealed what may be its biggest announcement before we ever made it past the courtyard of its event hall. The Ascend P2 is the company's latest weapon in its ongoing attempt to infiltrate the global phone market, and from what we've seen so far it's smooth, thin, remarkably light, and definitely feels like a flagship. The 8.4mm-thin handset has a 4.7-inch, 1280 x 720 "infinity edge" display (we're a bit surprised to see a flagship device without a 1080p screen, given the onslaught of the displays we've seen from other handsets), and is running heavily skinned version of Android 4.1.2 called "Emotion UI."
It's powered by a quad-core processor clocked at 1.5GHz, and Huawei is calling it "the world's fastest smartphone." That's a claim Huawei really likes to make, apparently, and as with last year's D Quad announcement Huawei spent a lot of time comparing the P2 favorably to its competition. It also a 13-megapixel camera on the rear plus a 1.2-megapixel shooter on the front. It comes with 16GB of storage and 1GB of RAM — it all sounds a bit like a flagship phone from a few months ago to us, unless it's really as fast as Huawei claims.
Huawei held it MWC press conference inside what is essentially a castle, and the company took the opportunity to relentlessly promote itself as a consumer-facing company. It's the number three smartphone manufacturer, shipping 32 million phones in 2012, and is clearly after a bigger slice of the market in 2013.
The Ascend P2 will be available globally, starting in the middle of 2013. We're still waiting on most of the details — Huawei's event hasn't even technically started, after all — but we'll be back with more as we get it.
Ross Miller contributed to this report.
Ted Cruz's national security adviser Frank Gaffney, a notorious anti-Muslim conspiracy theorist, has been urging members of Congress to refuse to meet with participants in today's National Muslim Advocates Day, where Muslim-Americans around the country went to the U.S. Capitol to meet with their elected representatives and their staff.
Gaffney claimed that the lobby day, a tactic used by various groups of all political stripes, was actually an effort to impose “Sharia inside our country.”
And at least one official followed Gaffney's advice and refused to meet the group: Sen. Ted Cruz.
According to a statement released today by the U.S. Council of Muslim Organizations, which organized the event, Cruz's staff snubbed a group of Texas Muslim delegates.
While Cruz's presidential campaign has made defending religious liberty from government attacks a central theme, that message does not appear to include Muslims.
The glaring contradiction in conservative rhetoric between the hostility toward contraception and the endless hand-wringing about single motherhood so often goes unchallenged in cable news discourse that James Carville was able to get Bill O'Reilly to go into a rhetorical death spiral just by bringing it up on Thursday. O'Reilly was running his mouth with the usual race-baiting talking points that incorrectly assume that rising numbers of births to legally unmarried women means that huge numbers of women are raising children alone when he proposed that the federal government fund (with money!) a campaign to tell young women to stop having all of the sex. Carville took this as a fun opportunity to provoke O'Reilly's notorious dislike for contraception by pointing out that any kind of campaign to prevent unplanned pregnancy should include contraception and sex education.
Watching O'Reilly try to reconcile his “contraception is bad” position with his “stop having babies” position is delightful. First he attempted to deny that contraception, which he associates with sex, has anything to do with baby-making:
Carville: I think the idea that the federal government is going to tell a 17-year-old that you just wait and you don't have sex—I don't think that's going to be effective.
O'Reilly: It has nothing to do with sex. It has to do with getting pregnant.
After Carville pointed out the fundamental problem with this argument, O'Reilly changed tactics, claiming that you can just go to Planned Parenthood and get contraception. When Carville noted that this is a funding issue—alluding to the fact that the anti-choice movement O'Reilly supports attacks any effort to make contraception more accessible—O'Reilly flipped out: “So, you don't want peer pressure brought, you want to fund, fund, fund! More money, more money!”
He added, “Why don't we just have the Good Humor man have contraception on the ice cream truck?” before giving more details about what his proposed “federal program” to discourage unmarried motherhood would entail: Having Jay-Z tell young women not to have sex.
O'Reilly: It's going to discourage! Actively discourage! Peer pressure! Jay-Z, the multimillion-dollar man—have him get out and do a couple public service announcements.
Sadly, Carville did not have a chance to ask any of the pertinent follow-up questions, but I have a few: 1) Why does O'Reilly think that the 43-year-old Jay-Z is a “peer” to the young women the Fox News star would dearly love to stop having sex? 2) If a federally funded Jay-Z had dropped a line to O'Reilly in 2004 to discourage the then-married man from calling up a female colleague to invite her over for potentially pregnancy-causing activities, would that have stopped him? I'm not being flip. I just want to understand how this rappers-against-sex program is expected to work.
OTTAWA — The federal government says it's trying to find out more about reports that Saudi Arabia is using Canadian made military vehicles in clashes with militants.
An emailed statement from the government says Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland is concerned and has asked officials to look into the matter.
The Globe and Mail reported Friday that the Saudi government was using Canadian made armoured vehicles during six days of fighting with Shia militants.
The newspaper cited experts on military vehicles who examined images and video on social media of this week's fighting.
The statement from Freeland's department says Canada expects the users of all exports to follow the terms laid out in export permits.
It says the Canadian government will review all available information and come up with an appropriate course of action.
“If it is found that Canadian exports have been used to commit serious violations of human rights, the minister (Freeland) will take action,” the statement said.
“The end use and end user of exports, as well as regional stability and human rights, are essential considerations in the authorization of permits for the export of military goods from Canada,” the statement said.
There was a furor last year when the Trudeau government proceeded with a $15 billion deal for an Ontario company to sell light armoured vehicles to Saudi Arabia. The agreement was approved by the former Conservative government.
There were calls for the Liberals to cancel the deal given Saudi Arabia's widely criticized human rights record.
But Freeland's predecessor Stephane Dion said he couldn't block exports unless the armoured vehicles were being used against innocent civilians, something he had no evidence of.
Freeland issued a statement on Thursday saying she was concerned about the recent violence in Saudi Arabia.
The Canadian government updated its travel advisory Friday advising Canadians to exercise a high degree of caution due to the threat of terrorist attacks and security incidents and to avoid all travel within 30 kilometres of the border with Yemen.
In early 1999, Habanos S.A. released three different cigars from three different marcas under the Reserva del Milenio (Millennium Reserve Series) to celebrate the Millennium during the Havana Festival. Each of the releases were very different vitolas, but all were adorned with the exact same band.
CubanCigarWebsite.com says the following about the release:
They were issued in ceramic jars of 25 cigars, with special “Millennium 2000” bands. This series involved 10,000 Cohiba jars, 10,000 Montecristo jars, and 4,000 Cuaba jars; a total of 24,000 jars. The initial release was approximately 17,000 jars, with the balance released in 2002. The final released in late 2002 was due to a quantity of the original jars being rejected (mainly) due to lid imperfections. These boxes bear a OSU Nov 2002 release code. These jars contain the 1999 production cigars, which were stored until replacement jars became available.
As mentioned above, there were three different cigars from three different marcas in the Reserva del Milenio series. They were:
Cohiba Reserva del Milenio Pirámides (6 1/8 x 52) — 10,000 Jars of 25 Cigars (250,000 Total Cigars)
Montecristo Reserva del Milenio Robusto (4 7/8 x 50) — 10,000 Jars of 25 Cigars (250,000 Total Cigars)
Cuaba Reserva del Milenio Distinguidos (6 3/8 x 52) — 4,000 Jars of 25 Cigars (100,000 Total Cigars)
Cigar Reviewed: Cohiba Reserva del Milenio Pirámides
Cohiba Reserva del Milenio Pirámides Country of Origin: Cuba
Cuba Factory: El Laguito
El Laguito Wrapper: Cuba
Cuba Binder: Cuba
Cuba Filler: Cuba
Size: 6 1/8 Inches
6 1/8 Inches Ring Gauge: 52
52 Vitola: Pirámides
Pirámides MSRP: $80.00 (Jars of 25, $2,000.00)
$80.00 (Jars of 25, $2,000.00) Date Released: November 1999
November 1999 Number of Cigars Released: 10,000 Jars of 25 Cigars (250,000 Total Cigars)
10,000 Jars of 25 Cigars (250,000 Total Cigars) Number of Cigars Smoked For Review: 1
The Cohiba is a gorgeous example of a cigar with a dark honey-colored looking wrapper that has a noticeable reddish cast and plenty of oil left. There are more bumps down the length than I expected, but there is a nice amount of give when squeezed. Aroma from the wrapper is strong and sweet cedar, leather, nutmeg and hay. The cold draw has strong lemon zest-like citrus and sweet leather.
The Cohiba Millennium Reserve Pirámides starts out with strong flavors of creamy leather, citrus, floral and black pepper on the retrohale. It has a great sweet honey background note that really pulls the rest of the profile together. There is some nice spice on the lips for the first 20 puffs or so, but it slowly starts to recede as the first third continues. Smoke production is above average and the burn and draw are excellent so far. Overall strength ends the first third at just a little below medium, but is obviously going to get stronger.
A floral sweetness becomes fairly strong midway through the second third, developing from the sweet nutty background. Other flavors of milk chocolate, hay, nutmeg, leather and espresso dominate, but one flavor is never overly strong for too long before another one takes over. The profile is extremely sweet and is retaining that black pepper on the retrohale, which makes for a great combination. Construction is still wonderful and the strength as increased as expected to a solid medium.
The final third of the Cohiba continues the sweet and peppery blend with the sweetness morphing into a great vanilla note and the the black pepper remains a major player. Other notes of espresso, hay, chocolate, earth and cedar come and go. Some of the sharp citrus from the first third makes a comeback as well, albeit not as strong. Both the burn and the draw of the Cohiba are excellent until the nub. The strength stalls out slightly higher then medium. It never gets bitter no matter how far I smoked it down, and the nub was cool to the touch when I was finished.
Final Notes
Interestingly, Habanos S.A. released another Millennium humidor, the aptly named Siglo XXI Millennium Humidor, which included 2000 cigars from 21 different brands in 1999 as well. There were five of the same Pirámides vitola included, along with ten other sizes of Cohiba cigars.
All of the Cohiba vitolas in this Humidor were current production, except for two: the Pirámides and the Gran Corona (A), both of which were the only vitolas released (for the first time) at the Dinner of the Century. There is no info that I know of one way or another on if the Pirámides in the Siglo XXI Millennium Humidor is the same blend as the Cohiba Millennium Reserve Pirámides.
While some people say that the Millennium Reserve was the first time Cohiba released a 6 1/8 x 52 Pirámides vitola, that is not technically true, as the same size was released in 1994 for the Dinner of the Century. Ten Cabinets of 50 were auctioned off, and about 200 loose cigars were given out to attendees, making it one of the rarest officially released Cohibas. Interestingly, the other cigar given out/auctioned off at that dinner was a Cohiba A, the first official release for that vitola in the Cohiba marca as well.
The wrapper is a thing of beauty, with a dark reddish cast to it and a surprising amount of oil, considering its age.
Having said the above, I was also surprised at the number of bumps the wrapper had up and down its length.
Min Ron Née has this to say about the Cohiba Millennium Reserve Pirámides in his opus, An Illustrated Encyclopedia of Post-Revolution Havana Cigars:
Rolled in 1998 and about 6,000 jars of 25 were made. Strong green and tannic. Very pronounced “Cohiba grassy flavour.” overwhelming bean flavors (coca,coffee, vanilla) Flavors peak in 5 to 7 years and begin to fade away slowly after 10 years.Be sure not to open the airtight jar too often otherwise fresh oxygen might destroy the delicate aroma. Will certainly age to a classic if left undisturbed inside the jar.
The price detailed above is based on a jar sold at auction in 2011.
There is a pretty significant difference in the number of jars said to be released between Min Ron Née, who says “around” 6,000 and CubanCigarWebsite, which says 10,000.
All three Millennium Reserve releases use the exact same band. In addition, all three releases have ring gauges at or over 50.
The company who made the jars for the Millennium Reserve series is Bidasoa who are based out of Spain, and also made the jars for the 30th Aniversario release in 1996.
I find it interesting that these were released almost a year before the date they were celebrating, but nowadays, Habanos can't seem to release virtually anything without at least a year delay.
I really do think these have even more aging potential in them. Nothing I tasted indicated it was even close to falling off the cliff.
The final smoking time for the Cohiba Millennium Reserve Pirámides was one hour and 35 minutes.
Cohiba Millennium Reserve Pirámides Brooks Whittington January 6, 2013 96 / 10 I have never been the biggest fan of the Cohiba profile in general and the fact that the Cohiba Millennium tastes almost nothing like any other Cohiba I have smoked is probably why I liked it so much. In fact, one word kept popping into my mind as I was smoking this cigar—balance. Everything about this cigar is balanced with perfect flavors and construction working together. Great construction and great flavors to the nub were just icing on the cake. Easily one of the best Cubans I have smoked in years. I just wish I had a few more. January 6, 2013
"I didn't know exactly what was going to happen to me, but after I saw the blade I knew they would definitely hurt me, because that blade is not something to play with," says 25-year-old Manika, who had her genitals severed with a razor, without an anaesthetic, when she was only eight years old in the Gambia. "It's a pain you can't even … it's taking a knife and cutting someone's flesh."
She looks nervously out of the window over the rooftops of Edinburgh, where she has sought sanctuary, explaining that if she returns she will face a further procedure to "finish" the cutting. However, she may have come to the wrong place. Organisations working directly with communities affected by female genital mutilation (FGM), have told the Guardian that, despite legislation against the practice dating back three decades, UK-born girls are not only being taken abroad for the "cutting season" of the summer holidays, but they are being cut here as well.
"It's a custom that is very much alive, not just in home countries but in Scotland," says Anela Anwar, from the Glasgow-based charity Roshni. "People have given us information saying girls are being cut in Scotland or we hear that girls are taken back home to be cut over the summer holidays."
Reports that "cutters" are at work, some working in expensive private clinics, have come out of major cities including London, Birmingham and Bristol, says Sarah McCulloch, from the Agency for Culture and Change Management. "Wherever [ethnic minority] communities [that practise FGM] are residing, it is a problem," she says. "Because why would they stop? Why should they stop? What will make them stop?
"No one is giving them information. If they arrive in this country, they do not know the laws of the land – they come with their cultures and hold on to them."
FGM has been illegal in the UK since 1985, and since 2003 anyone taking a child out of the UK to be cut faces 14 years in prison. However, there has yet to be a single conviction. Two people were arrested in November accused of carrying out FGM on a five-week-old baby but, according to the Metropolitan police, there was "insufficient evidence to proceed".
Hard facts about how many girls are being cut, where and by whom, are scarce because, according to campaigners, the issue has been neglected by successive governments scared of confronting so-called cultural practices.
After pressure from campaigners the government announced on Wednesday night that hospitals would now start gathering data on women they treat who have undergone FGM. Currently midwives and doctors receive no routine training on how to help affected mothers, who can suffer life-threatening consequences during childbirth.
A report last year on FGM by a coalition of medical groups, trade unions and human rights organisations estimates that there are 66,000 victims of FGM in England and Wales and warns that more than 24,000 girls under 15 are at risk. More than 2,000 victims of FGM sought treatment in London hospitals alone in the past three years.
The doubling of Scotland's African population since 2001 (from 22,049 to 46,742) and the rising cost of air travel have played a part in the increase in numbers in Scotland, says Anwar.
"It's becoming a lot more expensive to go home, so we have heard now that people are pooling together resources to bring a cutter over from abroad to mutilate their girls over here in a group. I think people will use whatever means they can if they are determined for this to happen."
McCulloch agrees: "[Families] are forming a sort of co-operative to raise the funding to pay for someone to come from overseas. The family will bring all the girls together and it is done. Those who are wealthy are using nurses or doctors or private clinics That is why London especially has been accused of being the FGM city of Europe because many people are coming from Europe on Eurostar and having their daughters [mutilated]."
The evidence is there, if the resources were made available to uncover it, says Fatou Baldeh, herself an FGM survivor and now working for the Dignity Alert and Research Forum (Darf) in Edinburgh. "People think it's an outside issue, it's not happening here. It is very common, but people don't think it is," she says. "It [is] difficult to get women to speak to you about their experience."
Female genital mutilation involves cutting all or part of the outer labia, inner labia and clitoris. It is estimated to affect more than 140 million girls and women worldwide. In the worst cases girls are "sewn up", leaving only a tiny hole through which to urinate and menstruate. Traditionally considered vital for preparing a girl for adulthood – in some parts of the world girls who have not been cut are seen as unsuitable for marriage – it has also been attacked as a means of controlling female sexuality and autonomy.
In countries such as Sudan, Somalia and Egypt up to 98% of females have been mutilated, but the practice happens in 28 countries in Africa and some countries in Asia and the Middle East. Baldeh was seven when she was mutilated. "Some women held my legs, other women held my hands," she says. "I was blindfolded and I felt the sharp cut, I felt everything." The only "medication" she received was being told to sit in warm salty water. "I can never forget that. If you want to pass urine that's the worst because you are sore and you've got no medication, not even a Band-Aid. It's just an open wound [...] It was the most horrible thing I can remember."
The consequences can be devastating: girls can bleed to death or pick up infections, and in the longer term can suffer from recurrent bladder infections, cysts, infertility, childbirth complications, mental trauma and lack of sexual desire.
Manika, who looks much younger than her years, explains that FGM has left her battling physical and psychological complications. She says she was "blocked up" when she was cut and, after coming to the UK to study, she had sex for the first time. It proved so difficult and painful that she had to be rushed to hospital to stop the bleeding that followed. She has suffered from recurrent infections, intermittent periods, and is terrified of being sexually active again.
"It makes me scared. Since then I feel like I don't want to have sex. I have it in my mind that I'm still going to have that same pain," she says.
"I will never forgive my parents for doing this to me. This is just like you are taking somebody's life. It is just like you are taking a gun and shooting someone to death. That is how it feels for me."
There are signs that – finally – the issue is being taken seriously at a national level. The Home Office recently awarded £250,000 of EU money for online training of teachers, nurses and GPs, awareness raising among social workers, and promotion of the NSPCC's national FGM helpline [0800 028 3550].
In Scotland, after recent hospital figures revealed that more than 2,500 FGM victims had given birth in Scottish hospitals, politicians commissioned a Scotland-wide study into its prevalence. Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe, the Metropolitan police commissioner, has called for an overhaul of the "whole system" for combating FGM.
There are challenges. Hogan-Howe warned that a lack of tip-offs from health professionals and teachers was hindering police efforts, a frustration echoed by Detective Chief Superintendent Gill Imery, Police Scotland's officer in charge of combating FGM. "We are doing a lot of information-raising in communities and among our own people. We are absolutely clear that this is a crime – it's child abuse.
"Our goal is always to intervene, because if there is a prosecution we have failed to stop it happening," she says. The force has worked with a local charity that works on the ground in Edinburgh and Glasgow but did not want to risk disrupting their work by being named. In some cases they have given the parents of at-risk girls a "health passport" -a letter that tells other family members in the family's home country of the harsh punishments for FGM in the UK.
"On more than one occasion I have had a phone call from a mother desperate to stop the procedure asking me to confirm with the matriarch of the family in Somalia that if they go ahead and cut the child then it is possible that the whole family would not get back into the UK. That has worked," said one outreach worker.
But not enough is yet being done, says Leyla Hussein, a survivor and campaigner who presented The Cruel Cut on Channel 4. Guidelines are not statutory, implementation is disjointed, funding is minimal, education is patchy, and nobody is holding anyone to account, she says. "Until we have a better system in place, I guarantee in 10 years' time we'll be having the same conversation," she says.
Yet, despite her frustration, she remains hopeful about the future. "I feel like I'm not alone in this battle any more," she says. "Attitudes are changing at last, but now we have to see a change right from the top, and we can finally put an end to FGM."
Drug testing kit providers The Bunk Police were shut down and had their supplies confiscated by security at Bonnaroo last weekend, according to the organisation's CEO Adam Auctor.
In a post on Reddit Auctor said the group, operating at the festival for the fifth time, were approached by Bonnaroo's Mounted Patrol security soon after setting up and were detained before having their possessions searched.
According to Auctor, security told them if someone used their kit and overdosed Bonnaroo would be liable and they were stealing from vendors who had paid to be there, though the group had applied for a permit numerous times themselves and never heard back.
The Bunk Police were allegedly given the option of being thrown out of the festival and their supplies returned to them outside, or their supplies would be confiscated and returned at the end of the event.
The group chose to remain at the festival however their supplies, including 5,000 individual tests, radios and personal items, were forwarded to police instead of being returned and money that had been confiscated disappeared.
Despite the unpleasant experience, Auctor said The Bunk Police would return to Bonnaroo next year.
"So many young and uninformed individuals attend for the sole purpose of using substances, many of them with next to zero information on the subject," he said.
"If you plan to attend in 2016, please order a test kit from us or another provider before you go. We'll be much harder to find."
Tennessee is notably one of the most conservative US states on the issue of a harm-minimisation approach to drug-taking at festivals, with Coffee County District Attorney Craig Northcott recently stating he would not continue his predecessor's policy of allowing festival-goers to pay inflated fines and avoid appearing in court on minor citations.
Read Adam Auctor's full post here.
SAN BERNARDINO >> Sixty years of year-round sales of costumes and accessories will end this year, owners of local costume shop Fun Corner announced Wednesday.
The owners said on Facebook that they would begin “blow-out sales” Nov. 1 and will close Nov. 27.
“Time has now come for us and FUN CORNER to retire,” owners Steve and Linda Sutherland said in their post. “So, with many mixed emotions, we announce that this 60th Halloween will be the last for the FUN CORNER.”
The Sutherlands bought the store in 1984, after decades on baseline at D Street — originally, right at the corner.
Retiring was the right choice for the family, but a loss for the community, said Judi Penman, president and CEO of the San Bernardino Area Chamber of Commerce.
“Fun Corner did much more than Halloween costumes,” she said. “Party planning, they did makeup, they sold costumes all year-round, and Steve had all kinds of talent. He taught classes in (costume) make-up.”
It will also be a civic loss, Penman said.
“Linda was president of the baseline Business Association for years and years,” she said. “We're not just losing a business that's been there for a gazillion years. We're losing people that have been committed to this community.”
The owners couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
By By Ocean Malandra Aug 11, 2015 in Entertainment Cape Town - Residue of marijuana found in excavated pipes from Shakespeare's garden sheds new light on the western world's most celebrated poet's source of inspiration. A article just published in the South African Journal of Science entitled Using state-of-the-art forensic technology, three scientists from the University of Cape Town analyzed the residue in pipe stems and bowls from the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust, including several pipes which were found in the poet's garden and and are believed to beeen used by Shakespeare himself. The gas chromatography mass spectrometry technique used by the scientists revealed traces of cannabis in eight of the pipes, showing that Shakespeare was at least a casual toker and may have used the herb to help inspire his poetry and plays. Cannabis was brought to London in the early 17th century by explorers like Sir Francis Drake and Sir Walter Raleigh. Both were also known to attend Shakespeare's plays in the court of Queen Elizabeth. Whether these famous naval navigators "turned on" Shakespeare to marijuana smoking remains a matter of speculation, but the authors of the study do suggest that Shakespeare preferred the mind-stimulating effects of the herb over coca leaf, which was also found in several of the pipes. Widely used by everyone from jazz musicians to visual artists like painters, cannabis has been found to stimulate creativity in scientific studies. A Shakespeare could have been tapping into this creativity enhancing power of marijuana for inspiration in composing his works. "Why write I still all one, ever the same, And keep invention in a noted weed" - William Shakespeare, Sonnet 76A article just published in the South African Journal of Science entitled Shakespeare, plants, and chemical analysis of early 17th century clay ‘tobacco' pipes from Europe have sent a shockwave through not just the scientific, but the literary community as well.Using state-of-the-art forensic technology, three scientists from the University of Cape Town analyzed the residue in pipe stems and bowls from the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust, including several pipes which were found in the poet's garden and and are believed to beeen used by Shakespeare himself.The gas chromatography mass spectrometry technique used by the scientists revealed traces of cannabis in eight of the pipes, showing that Shakespeare was at least a casual toker and may have used the herb to help inspire his poetry and plays.Cannabis was brought to London in the early 17th century by explorers like Sir Francis Drake and Sir Walter Raleigh. Both were also known to attend Shakespeare's plays in the court of Queen Elizabeth.Whether these famous naval navigators "turned on" Shakespeare to marijuana smoking remains a matter of speculation, but the authors of the study do suggest that Shakespeare preferred the mind-stimulating effects of the herb over coca leaf, which was also found in several of the pipes.Widely used by everyone from jazz musicians to visual artists like painters, cannabis has been found to stimulate creativity in scientific studies. A 2012 study conducted at University College London , for example, found that marijuana was able to raise the "verbal fluency" levels of those under its influence.Shakespeare could have been tapping into this creativity enhancing power of marijuana for inspiration in composing his works. More about Marijuana, Shakespeare, Cannabis, cannabis news Marijuana Shakespeare Cannabis cannabis news
Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации! - Регистрация
Заходя на конференцию «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!» (в дальнейшем «мы», «наш», «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!», «http://www.torrent-pirat.com»), вы подтверждаете своё согласие со следующими условиями. Если вы не согласны с ними, пожалуйста, не заходите и не пользуйтесь форумами «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!». Мы оставляем за собой право изменять эти правила в любое время и сделаем всё возможное, чтобы уведомить вас об этом, однако с вашей стороны было бы разумным регулярно просматривать этот текст на предмет изменений, так как использование конференции «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!» после обновления/исправления условий означает ваше согласие с ними.
Наши форумы работают под управлением программного обеспечения для создания конференций phpBB (в дальнейшем «они», «программное обеспечение phpBB», «www.phpbb.com», «phpBB Group», «phpBB Teams»), выпущенного по лицензии «
Вы соглашаетесь не размещать оскорбительных, угрожающих, клеветнических сообщений, порнографических сообщений, призывов к национальной розни и прочих сообщений, которые могут нарушить законы вашей страны, страны, которая предоставляет услуги хостинга для форумов «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!» или международное право. Попытки размещения таких сообщений могут привести к вашему немедленному отключению от конференции, при этом ваш провайдер будет поставлен в известность, если мы сочтём это нужным. IP-адреса всех сообщений сохраняются для возможности проведения такой политики. Вы соглашаетесь с тем, что администраторы форумов «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!» имеют право удалить, отредактировать, перенести или закрыть любую тему в любое время по своему усмотрению. Как пользователь вы согласны с тем, что введённая вами информация будет храниться в базе данных. Хотя эта информация не будет открыта третьим лицам без вашего разрешения, ни администрация конференции «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!», ни phpBB Group не может быть ответственна за действия хакеров, которые могут привести к несанкционированному доступу к ней.
Заходя на конференцию «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!» (в дальнейшем «мы», «наш», «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!», «http://www.torrent-pirat.com»), вы подтверждаете своё согласие со следующими условиями. Если вы не согласны с ними, пожалуйста, не заходите и не пользуйтесь форумами «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!». Мы оставляем за собой право изменять эти правила в любое время и сделаем всё возможное, чтобы уведомить вас об этом, однако с вашей стороны было бы разумным регулярно просматривать этот текст на предмет изменений, так как использование конференции «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!» после обновления/исправления условий означает ваше согласие с ними.Наши форумы работают под управлением программного обеспечения для создания конференций phpBB (в дальнейшем «они», «программное обеспечение phpBB», «www.phpbb.com», «phpBB Group», «phpBB Teams»), выпущенного по лицензии « General Public License » (в дальнейшем «GPL»). Скачать его можно по адресу www.phpbb.com . Ограничения лицензии GPL для программного обеспечения phpBB строго связаны с организацией и поддержкой интернет-конференций, и phpBB Group не несёт ответственности за то, что администрация конференций определяет в качестве допустимого содержания и/или поведения в них. За дополнительной информацией о phpBB обращайтесь по адресу https://www.phpbb.com/ Вы соглашаетесь не размещать оскорбительных, угрожающих, клеветнических сообщений, порнографических сообщений, призывов к национальной розни и прочих сообщений, которые могут нарушить законы вашей страны, страны, которая предоставляет услуги хостинга для форумов «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!» или международное право. Попытки размещения таких сообщений могут привести к вашему немедленному отключению от конференции, при этом ваш провайдер будет поставлен в известность, если мы сочтём это нужным. IP-адреса всех сообщений сохраняются для возможности проведения такой политики. Вы соглашаетесь с тем, что администраторы форумов «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!» имеют право удалить, отредактировать, перенести или закрыть любую тему в любое время по своему усмотрению. Как пользователь вы согласны с тем, что введённая вами информация будет храниться в базе данных. Хотя эта информация не будет открыта третьим лицам без вашего разрешения, ни администрация конференции «Открытый Порно Торрент Трекер Без Регистрации!», ни phpBB Group не может быть ответственна за действия хакеров, которые могут привести к несанкционированному доступу к ней.
This week a coalition met to address San Antonio's problem with low-income access to credit. 30 people representing organizations ranging from the San Antonio Area Foundation to the Federal Reserve Bank of San Antonio make up the The Anti-Predatory Lending Coalition which is looking at ways to increase alternatives to payday and auto-title lenders.
They use "predatory" to describe the lenders who charge large transaction fees as well as exorbitant interest rates on their loans.
Alternative lenders would allow people to take out the same low-dollar loans but instead of 300 percent interest rates, organizations like Texas Community Capital envision charging 18 percent. The organization is in the coalition and hopes to partner with an area financial organization to replicate a program in Brownsville that has had great success.
Since Texas Community Capital is waiting to hear from the state regulatory body on lending the Area Foundation wants to push people to take a look at their financial literacy and empowerment programs to better understand their situation in the meantime.
In addition last week in a Bexar County courtroom a judge threw out a lawsuit brought by payday lenders against the city of San Antonio and its ordinance restricting the industry. While legislation to better regulate the industry failed in last year's legislative session, cities like Bryan and and College Station are following San Antonio's lead by passing similar ordinances on payday lenders.
What is possible with these efforts? Have we gotten a handle on how to best help consumers? What can be done to get people out of their cycle of debt?
Guests:
How To Improve Your Website Ranking In SERPs: Every time Google makes an update to their search algorithm, it's “SERP havoc”. SEO pros, web developers, and bloggers scramble to figure out what they're doing right or what they're doing wrong in the dominant eyes of Google.
Google is famously vague about what their formula for ranking websites is. It usually takes a month or two for the pros to get a sense of it and make the proper adjustments. Thankfully, there are still proven ways to improve your website ranking in SERPs (search engine results page) no matter what.
This site uses affiliate content and ads Disclosure - Advertise With Us
How Does Google Rank Websites In SERPS?
The websites that appear on the first page of Google search results are the ones that Google has determined are the most relevant and useful.
To determine this, Google's website ranking system in a complex mathematical process.
They take into consideration more than 200 factors – most of which are not made public knowledge.
Indeed, many people attempt to figure out how to game the system to outrank their competition. But it isn't really possible out game Google!
Recently Google released Web.dev, (pictured above) a website testing platform that offers a bit more insight into what can be done to your website, to improve website ranking.
How To Improve Your Website Ranking In SERPs – Don'ts
Here are some basic tips to increase your website ranking on Google:
Don't use tricks on your website like hidden text loaded with keywords, or cloaked pages with redirects. Don't have multiple pages on your website with significantly similar content. Don't ONLY use the same anchor text for all backlinks leading to your homepage. Don't buy bulk links from web spammers. Don't overuse keywords in articles or throughout your website. Don't ONLY target backlinks from highly ranked websites. Diversey your backlinks!
How To Improve Your Website Ranking In SERPs – Do's
Do post as much quality original content as possible. Do write guest posts for a variety of websites with ‘do-follow' links. Do Diversify the keywords used in links back to your site (See how to find good keywords). In addition to repeating the main keyword phrase once or twice in articles, use a few synonyms as well. Do target backlinks from highly relevant websites no matter what their PR strength is. Do get your bulk backlinks from social bookmarking sites instead of spam link networks. (see below for more info)
Related: How To Check Your Google Ranking For Free
What is social bookmarking? Social bookmarking is an off page SEO technique you can do, which entails promoting your website links on other websites. This is a good way to gain good backlinks.
How To Improve Your Website Ranking In SERPs! #SEO #SERPS #blogging #seoforbloggers Click To Tweet
Social bookmarking helps boost traffic as well as improve your website ranking in SERPs, thanks to faster site indexing. Basically, you submit links to your blog posts on social sharing sites or social bookmarking sites that have high PA (page authority) as well as DA (domain authority). Social bookmarking helps improve your website ranking because: Bookmarking is is a fast way to get quality backlinks, because top bookmarking sites have high PR
Your website will get indexed by search engines
It's a great way to generate new traffic and leads
It helps improve your domain authority over time
As well as help search engines categorize your website better
Top 50 Social Bookmarking Websites
High PR Social Bookmarking Sites PA DA MozRank 1 Twitter.com 97.23 100 8.67 2 facebook.com 97.1 100 8.15 3 pinterest.com 96.66 100 7.84 4 google.com 96.46 100 7.92 5 digg.com 95.81 98.34 7.4 6 slashdot.org 95.41 94.67 6.95 7 reddit.com 94.92 99.13 7.08 8 technorati.com 94.65 97.36 7.17 9 delicious.com 94.58 96.1 7.29 10 tumblr.com 94.49 99.32 7.41 11 friendfeed.com 89.22 87.9 6.5 12 stumbleupon.com 87.9 97.8 6.72 13 blinklist.com 86.32 86.56 6.89 14 dzone.com 85.64 82.77 6.33 15 current.com 79.43 74.97 6.18 16 plurk.com 78.96 86.58 6.5 17 blogmarks.net 73.98 70.55 6.25 18 43things.com 73.25 69.1 5.71 19 diigo.com 72.42 88.44 5.44 20 scoop.it 68.82 89.3 5.96 21 fark.com 68.28 79.4 5.96 22 newsle.com 68.02 61.38 5.49 23 squidoo.com 67.6 89.72 5.31 24 mixx.com 65.77 85.34 5.54 25 newsvine.com 65.68 90.8 5.43 26 lintas.me 65.62 58.52 6.37 27 faves.com 65.52 58.49 6.46 28 dotnetkicks.com 63.79 61.99 5.35 29 url.org 61.65 53.87 6.08 30 citeulike.org 59.81 81.74 5.05 31 twicsy.com 59.29 51.14 5.84 32 killerstartups.com 59.08 66.1 5.05 33 bizsugar.com 58.65 69.14 5.44 34 youmob.com 58.59 59.8 4.73 35 pearltrees.com 58.08 79.12 5.14 36 kirtsy.com 58.08 52.91 4.83 37 soup.io 57.93 65.78 5 38 designfloat.com 57.74 66.86 4.73 39 bibsonomy.org 56.74 69.59 5.12 40 fwisp.com 55.74 47.13 6.31 41 folkd.com 55.07 81.61 5.02 42 ttlink.com 54.81 49.54 6.33 43 newsmeback.com 53.23 47.64 4.8 44 wikio.com 52.49 65.76 4.66 45 givealink.org 52.05 44.58 4.95 46 stylehive.com 51.72 50.56 4.6 47 blokube.com 51.57 41.99 5.22 48 humsurfer.com 48.76 39.1 4.55 49 dropjack.com 48.61 42.22 4.45 50 zabox.net 48.37 39 4.63
How To Improve Your Website Ranking In SERPs
These tips for ways to improve your website ranking in SERPs will help.
But above all, one of the most important things to remember is to keep learning.
SEO is a process that continues to change. You are never really ‘done' when it comes to good SEO.
Algorithms change, competitors come and go. Old blog posts should be updated with better SEO techniques every so often.
KEEP READING
Opposition demonstrators in Thailand who have blocked key intersections in Bangkok for weeks are moving to abandon their attempted "shutdown" of the capital, media reports said on Saturday.
Announcing the surprise move on Friday, protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban however told supporters that the retreat did not mean an end to protests.
"We will stop closing Bangkok and give every intersection back to Bangkokians. We will stop closing Bangkok from Monday," he said, adding, "But we will escalate our shutdown of government ministries and Shinawatra businesses."
The protesters have been calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, whom they see as being under the undue influence of her brother, ex-premier Thaksin Shinawatra. Thaksin was ousted by the army in 2006 under suspicion of corruption and abuse of power.
Growing attacks
The announcement of a retreat comes after weeks of increasing violence that have seen around 20 people killed in Bangkok in bloodshed related to the protests.
Last Sunday, two people were killed when a grenade was thrown into a busy shopping area near one protest site.
Army commander-in-chief General Prayut Chan-O-Cha recently even warned of the danger of civil war if the two sides did not show some readiness to yield.
Single protest site
Suthep's supporters are to move to Bangkok's Lumpini Park, which is gradually turning into a tent city as more and more protesters take up position there.
The demonstrators have been occupying key areas in the capital since January 13. Fresh elections called by Yingluck on February 2 failed to mollify the protesters, who want to set up an unelected "people's council" to enact electoral changes before new polls in the hope of preventing parties loyal to Thaksin from winning.
Election re-runs are to be held on Sunday in five provinces where voting was obstructed by opposition supporters.
Thailand's political crisis largely pits middle-class opposition supporters in Bangkok and southern regions against supporters of Yingluck and Thaksin, most of whom live in northern rural areas.
Yingluck is currently facing negligence charges over a controversial rice subsidy scheme. If found guilty, she could be removed from office and face a five-year ban from politics.
tj/slk (AFP, Reuters, dpa)
DEHRADUN, India — Ever since flash floods struck a mountainous area of northern India last week, 60 Indian military and civilian helicopters have been navigating fog, rain and treacherous Himalayan valleys looking for survivors and recovering bodies as part of the biggest airborne rescue and recovery operation in the history of the Indian military.
As of Tuesday, the operation had rescued more than 12,000 people, many of them Hindu pilgrims visiting holy shrines in the state of Uttarakhand, one of the worst-hit areas. The flooding, which began June 16, triggered by monsoons, has killed at least 1,000 and possibly many hundreds more.
But the rescue operation is not without hazards of its own. On Tuesday afternoon, a Russian-made Mi-17 air force helicopter crashed into a mountain, killing 19 aboard — 5 airmen and 14 paramilitary members — while returning from a mission in the Kedarnath Valley, a major pilgrimage center more than 11,000 feet above sea level, a spokesman for one of India's paramilitary groups said. Last week, another helicopter crashed in the same area, although no one died.
Pilots say the difficult terrain, adverse winds and absence of landing pads are testing their will and courage. “It is a warlike situation for us,” said one pilot, Capt. Sandeep Soti. “We have been pushing our men and our machines beyond our capacities.”
New surveys show that Obamacare enrollees are able to see their doctors. (Photo by Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg)
With ongoing questions about whether Obamacare enrollees will be able to use their coverage, a couple of new surveys suggest that the newly insured are generally able to get the care they need.
The Commonwealth Fund, a health research foundation supportive of the health-care law, is out with a new survey this morning examining the experiences of the newly insured under the Affordable Care Act. The survey, conducted by SSRS between April and June, found that 60 percent of people with new coverage, either through Medicaid or a private health plan, said they had already visited a health-care provider or filled a prescription.
Just about one in five of those with new coverage, though, said they tried to find a primary care doctor — but of those, 75 percent said their search was somewhat easy or very easy. And once they found a primary care doctor, most new enrollees said they were able to make an appointment within two weeks:
Not surprisingly, the Commonwealth survey found that the wait times for specialists were somewhat longer. Of the 30 percent of adults who said they saw or needed a specialist, 58 percent said they made an appointment within two weeks, which was slightly less than the 67 percent who said they were able to see a primary care doctor in the same time frame.
(The Commonwealth Fund)
Another new look at the early Obamacare experience shows the impact of the Medicaid expansion. Athenahealth, a major electronic health record provider, has been working with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation to analyze how patient demographics have shifted for care providers using the company's software. Notably, they find since January, Medicaid patients are taking up a greater share of doctor appointments in states with expanded Medicaid programs.
This isn't all to say that there aren't problems accessing care. There are recent lawsuits from patients who say they can't find doctors or that their plans discriminate against their conditions, and there are major application backlogs for Medicaid in at least six states. The federal agency overseeing Medicaid is now planning its own study of how easily beneficiaries can access care.
On the whole, though, today's new data provide some encouraging signs for the health-care law.
WASHINGTON -- The American flag outside the office of Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) in the Russell Senate Office Building was hanging a little off-kilter Wednesday morning.
So Paul Iannizzotto, a former New York City firefighter who was inside the north tower of the World Trade Center on Sept. 11, 2001, when the south tower collapsed, didn't like the way it looked.
"The pole was a little crooked, so I straightened it up," said Iannizzotto, 51, who also took care to make sure the folds of the nation's symbol draped properly after his rejiggering.
Iannizzotto, whose lungs no longer fully function and who now lives in South Florida, was among two dozen 9/11 responders who paid an uninvited visit to McConnell's office, a day after learning the Kentucky senator was being blamed for stalling legislation to reauthorize the expiring James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act.
He didn't like what he heard from McConnell's staff, and the meeting was among the angriest that the cops, firefighters and construction workers can remember in years of pushing Congress to pay attention to the people who sacrificed themselves after the terrorist attacks.
But Iannizzotto still felt the need to neaten McConnell's flag.
"It's what you do. You see something that needs doing, you just do it," he said.
The 2010 Zadroga legislation that created a treatment program for Americans sickened by the 2001 attacks expired in September, and the program is slated to close in 2016. That same law funded a compensation program that can only pay about half of what is required, and is set to expire next year as well.
I sign everything, 'Never forget.' Ya can't forget, but they do. Paul Iannizzotto, former New York City firefighter
The responders want a permanent replacement. Bills that would give them one are backed by 66 senators and more than 250 members of the House, but neither has been allowed to advance. Still, it appeared Monday that a semi-permanent version extending health care and adding five years to the compensation program was about to be attached to the highway bill moving through Congress.
But McConnell balked. Multiple sources told The Huffington Post he wanted to use the 9/11 provisions as leverage to get other items added to the bill, including a measure to lift the U.S. ban on oil exports.
McConnell's office insists he did not block anything because there was no final 9/11 legislation written down on paper for him to accept. His spokesman also says that there are still negotiations going on across Capitol Hill over how to pay for it, although sources familiar with the talks said that funding streams were clearly identified and agreed to by relevant committee leaders.
The situation infuriated the responders. And they think McConnell and many lawmakers are not doing the right thing, the thing Iannizzotti and his colleagues would do.
"He wants to hold up our bill, and hijack it," said John Feal, a construction worker who lost half his foot at ground zero and launched the FealGood Foundation to advocate for 9/11 responders. "It's deplorable. It's disgusting."
"It's sheer delay, delay, delay. They say they're for us -- the staff says they're for us -- then get it done," said Anthony Flammia, a former NYPD officer. "We were here hoping to get a bill done. I mean, we're upset, we're visibly upset. It's typical, typical Washington, D.C., gridlock."
Richard Harmon, 59, has post-traumatic stress and a rare form of thyroid cancer that forced him to leave his job at Verizon. He was part of a crew that answered former President George W. Bush's demand to fix the wires in lower Manhattan and get Wall Street back online. Four other members of his crew also have cancer.
He's ready to stop fighting.
"I wanna go home. I've been doing this for months now. I want to just go home, be with my family, and live out whatever life God wants to give," Harmon said.
Former NYPD Officer Kenneth Anderson can recite the names of his friends and colleagues killed by 9/11's toxins. He needs a wheelchair because his lung capacity is down to 30 percent. He's also ready to rest, but he said he can't until he knows his family is taken care of.
"I don't need to bankrupt my family on my way out of this world," he said.
The Huffington Post Paul Iannizzotto, a former New York firefighter, visited Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's office with two dozen other 9/11 responders.
For Iannizzotto, who lost five members of his lower Manhattan engine company on Sept. 11, the idea that a 9/11 bill has been trapped in a round of Capitol Hill horse trading is especially hard to take.
It says to him, that in spite of the annual exhortations by politicians to never forget Sept. 11, they have.
"I've got stickers on my truck that say 'Never forget.' I sign everything, 'Never forget.' Ya can't forget, but they do. That's why we're here. That's why we're here today," he said, tears welling in his eyes.
He turned back toward McConnell's flag to get control of his emotions.
"I'm sorry," he said, as if he were the one who needed to apologize.
Rep. Fred Upton (R-Mich.), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, came out later Wednesday in favor of permanently extending the health care program, which is in the jurisdiction of his committee.
“The first responders who selflessly answered the call on 9/11 and their loved ones have gone through enough and the last thing they need to worry about is Congress playing games with vital health benefits they have duly earned by their sacrifice,” said Upton in a statement announcing his plan. “Let's end the uncertainty by permanently and responsibly extending this critical program."
Democrats in the House took his position as a positive sign, but were concerned about how it would be paid for, absent the funding sources that would have been in the highway bill. Upton's new proposal calls for cuts to Medicaid, including ferreting out abuse and taxing millionaires, to raise the money. “Chairman Upton and the majority agreement on a permanent health program shows that we have momentum on our side. We're working on the right way to pay for it,” said Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-N.Y.), the lead sponsor of a permanent Zadroga Act in the House. A Democratic aide or familiar with the proposal cautioned that Democrats had rejected such plans before in other contexts. “These pay-fors are nonstarters and have already been rejected," the staffer said, as did two others. ﻿This story has been updated to include statements from Upton and Maloney.
Rami Jarrah confronted Zoubi outside the conference hall
A video clip posted online Wednesday by an opposition broadcaster showed Syrian Information Minister Omran al-Zoubi dodging questions related to the shelling of civilians with explosive barrels and regime's coordination with Al-Qaeda.
An opposition journalist confronted Zoubi, asking questions about Damascus' position if the conference agreed that Assad should stand down.
Zoubi replied that: "Assad will not step down".
Journalists in regime's delegation then kicked the reporter, with the opposition Alkul radio station, Ahmad Zakaria. Zoubi also avoided the questions from opposition ANA reporter, Rami Jarrah.
Another video clip broadcast on YouTube showed an Orient TV reporter being described by the regime media delegation as a "terrorist".
“They claim that they are defending the country,” the regime journalist said.
Translated and edited by The Syrian Observer
VANCOUVER – The good news for Stephen Harper is that his approval rating is holding steady, as the Conservatives near the halfway point in their first majority government. The bad news for Harper is that he's also holding steady with most Canadians disapproving of the job he's doing.
Ipsos Reid, in an exclusive poll conducted for Global News, found 58 per cent of Canadian voters are unhappy with Harper's performance, which is up three points since the last survey in November.
“Remembering that it does not take a majority to govern in this country, if those who approve of his performance are prepared to support him in the next election, the Tories could be on their way to a fourth mandate,” said Ipsos Reid CEO Darrell Bricker.
The percentage of Canadians who think Harper should run for another term in office is up two points, to 45 per cent, since last fall. But, of the 1,053 people surveyed between March 28 and April 3, 33 per cent strongly disagree and 22 per cent somewhat disagree that he should
With an election two years away and both of the Conservatives' main rivals putting forward new leaders –Thomas Mulcair fronting the official Opposition NDP and Justin Trudeau the presumptive leader of the Liberals — Harper has time to drum up the support needed to stay in office, should he run again.
A fair share of Canadians feel he is an effective leader, especially during tough economic times. Poll results released earlier showed 43 per cent of people surveyed saw Harper is the leader who can best manage the economy, ahead of Trudeau by nine points and 20 points ahead of Mulcair.
But that doesn't mean he's actually taking the country down the right path, at least in the minds of 54 per cent of adults — a number that has gone up six points since spring 2012.
Only about one-tenth (13 per cent) of respondents expressed a positive reaction to the Conservatives' recent federal budget – a five-point drop from one year ago. Most Canadians (65 per cent) were actually indifferent to the Economic Action Plan, while nearly one quarter (22 per cent) gave it a “thumbs down.”
According to the poll, 63 per cent of Canadians also feel the Prime Minister and his party have not kept an election promise to “provide an ethical, open, and transparent government. Even more — 69 per cent — find the Conservatives too secretive.
Trudeau has his own obstacles to overcome should he face off with Harper the next time Canadians head to the polls. Global News revealed on Friday half of Canadians don't really know anything about the 41-year-old Papineau MP's federal agenda, and almost three-quarters (73 per cent) don't think he would even be a candidate for Liberal leadership if he wasn't Pierre Trudeau's son. But the Ipsos Reid poll showed that, should an election be held now, the Conservatives and Liberals, under Trudeau leadership, are at a statistical tie and both slightly ahead of the New Democrats: Liberals 32 per cent, Conservative 31 per cent, NDP 27 per cent. The Ipsos Reid poll was conducted between March 28 and April 3, on behalf of Postmedia News and Global Television. For this survey, a sample of 1,053 Canadians, from Ipsos' Canadian online panel was interviewed online. The poll is accurate to within 3.4 percentage points had all Canadian adults been surveyed.
A woman cycles past an apartment complex where Tsutomu Omori, 49, who was head of Olympus's medical equipment business in India, was found dead in Gurgaon on the outskirts of New Delhi February 21, 2012. Omori, a top executive of Japan's scandal-ridden Olympus Corp has been found dead in a park outside New Delhi, an apparent suicide, The Times of India said on Tuesday, quoting police. REUTERS/Parivartan Sharma
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - A top executive of Japan's scandal-ridden Olympus Corp was found hanged outside his apartment in suburban Delhi in a likely suicide, police said on Tuesday.
Tsutomu Omori, 49, head of the company's medical equipment business in India, appeared to have killed himself late Sunday, Lal Singh, investigating officer of Gurgaon Police told Reuters.
There was no immediate suggestion his death was linked to a $1.7 billion fraud that has rocked corporate Japan and led to the arrest of senior executives in Tokyo.
“At this stage of probe, it looks like he committed suicide. One of his company executives told us he was depressed for the last two weeks,” Singh said, adding that the Japanese Embassy was informed of the death on Monday.
Two handwritten notes, one in Japanese and the other in English, were discovered from Omori's home in Gurgaon. “I am sorry for bothering you,” the note in English, read, according to Singh.
The police officer said his team had not yet translated the note written in Japanese. An official at the Japanese embassy told Reuters the mission was aware of the ongoing probe.
“The police told us on February 20 that a Japanese national's body was found in a park outside his apartment. The cause of the death is being investigated by Indian authorities,” the diplomat said.
Earlier this month, Tokyo police arrested seven top executives of Olympus Corp for their alleged involvement in the accounting fraud, one of Japan's biggest corporate scandals in recent times.
(Reporting by Satarupa Bhattacharjya; editing by Ed Lane)
But alongside the official pantheon occasionally incarnated in lists offered up by institutions like the American Film Institute and The New York Times, every film lover carries around a more subjective canon, an ever-shifting, impressionistic personal cinematheque. That horror movie that gave you nightmares as a child. The love story you saw on your first date with the love of your life. The dramas that ended or started friendships, soothed you in your lonely moments or made the loneliness more acute. The westerns that taught you something about courage or treachery, the comedies that schooled you in sex, the epics and biopics that overshadowed what you learned in history class.
No one, not even professional critics, lives through film history in proper chronological order. Two of the best, most lavishly praised movies of the past decade were “Le Cercle Rouge” and “Army of Shadows,” crepuscular classics by the great French director Jean-Pierre Melville that had fallen through the cracks of the distribution system back in 1969 and 1970, when they were made. And when Fritz Lang's “Metropolis,” an anti-utopian, early science-fiction monument desecrated in its own time and venerated ever after, appeared in a restored and expanded version, its timeliness was at least as striking as its durability. The best new movies carry intimations of permanence along with their novelty and very quickly start to seem as if they had been around all along.
Perhaps the easiest and most satisfying way to make sense of the unruly cinematic abundance of the past 10 years is to sift through it for masters and masterpieces, kicking the tires to see what has been built to last. Whatever else was going on, a handful of great filmmakers made a handful of great films, just as in other decades. Steven Spielberg, freed in the '90s by the successes of “Schindler's List” and “Saving Private Ryan” from the burden of importance, made a series of bracingly imaginative entertainments — “Minority Report,” “Catch Me if You Can,” “War of the Worlds,” “Munich” and “The Terminal” in addition to “A.I.” — that were both nimble and deeply resonant. Clint Eastwood, in his 70s, entered the most prolific and diverse phase of his career as a director, breathing new life into long-established Hollywood genres, including the boxing picture (“Million Dollar Baby”), the crime thriller (“Mystic River”) and the combat epic (“Letters From Iwo Jima”). Martin Scorsese collected his overdue Academy Award for “The Departed”; Joel and Ethan Coen won their first Best Picture Oscar, for “No Country for Old Men,” in the midst of popping out a film a year. Gus Van Sant, Robert Altman, P. T. Anderson, Spike Jonze, Spike Lee, Steven Soderbergh, Todd Haynes. The canon of American cinema, since the early '60s a catalog of acknowledged auteurs, expanded significantly in the new century.
Outside Hollywood, Pedro Almodóvar continued to mature into the post-sexual-revolution cinema's most exalted and authentic exponent of the melodramatic tradition. In France, the geriatric New Wave generation (Rohmer, Rivette, Resnais, Chabrol) proved remarkably spry, even as a middle generation, including Claire Denis, Olivier Assayas and others, competed with the old-timers for prizes and attention. Every year, the Cannes Film Festival, the leading world-heritage site for the veneration of filmmakers, presented a remarkably consistent roll call of directorial renown. Wong Kar-wai, Michael Haneke, Lars von Trier, Abbas Kiarostami, Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne. These may not be household names even in movie-mad American households, but they are inscribed in the registry of important international filmmakers.
Most critics, when they assemble their personal canons, will implicitly follow the director-centric impulses of the auteur theory, even if they retain some skepticism about the theory itself. That is, we will gravitate toward favored filmmakers, with plenty of room for argument about choices within a given body of work — why “Letters From Iwo Jima” and not “Changeling”? — as well as about the stature of particular artists. Are the Coens profligate geniuses or clever, cold-hearted pranksters? (“Both” may be the only acceptable answer.) Is Soderbergh a protean visionary or a formalist hack? (See above.) Such arguments, infinitely extendable and happily interminable, are what sustain film criticism in its various incarnations, professional and amateur, printed, blogged and tweeted.
Photo
This kind of argumentation has the double appeal of being both stimulating and fundamentally conservative. It allows us to think about cinema — a restless, constantly changing art form — as something fundamentally stable and coherent, in the way that other arts are imagined to be. And the emphasis on great directors and their masterpieces is also useful as an organizing principle for festival programs, film-studies syllabuses and museum retrospectives. It is, in other words, the institutional form of film criticism.
But defending — or assaulting — the reputations of prominent filmmakers and assessing the merits of their oeuvres is not the only, or even the dominant, way to arrive at some sense of a movie canon. This may have been the era of Spielberg and the Coens and the rest. But it is equally the age of “Gladiator” and “Harry Potter” and “The Lord of the Rings” and “Shrek” and “Saw” (and “My Dog Skip”) and a whole slew of new and rebooted superhero franchises. And also of Pixar, one of the few companies after Disney (which acquired it in 2006) to achieve something like auteur status in its own right.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In other words, the director-focused approach that is the default position for critics tends to angle away from how the audience — and not just the hypothetically unsophisticated, hype-hungry mass audience — responds to movies. It's not exactly that critical judgment is opposed to, or out of touch with, popular taste. On the contrary, some of the most widely and ardently beloved franchise movies of the decade, like Christopher Nolan's “Dark Knight” and Peter Jackson's “Lord of the Rings,” have buttressed their directors' claims to exalted, authorial status. But the critical habit of thinking in terms of collected works and major and minor artists does not correspond to the way viewers sample and discover their cinematic pleasures.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Or to theway we — by which I now mean the laity, not the certified members of the guild — remember them. What do we remember? Catch phrases, stars' faces, scenes and sensations. Westerns, weepies, screwball comedies, sword-and-sandal spectacles, gritty little realist dramas. Feelings, images, themes.
The unofficial, demotic history of cinema is built out of these impressions and out of the patterns that turn movies into a warped, unignorable mirror of the world they inhabit. Unspool the 20th century in your head and most likely you see a progression of genres and styles: slapstick comedy in the teens, kohl-eyed melodrama in the '20s, followed by gangster movies, screwball comedies, combat epics, films noirs, musicals and Technicolor westerns. The rebel Hollywood of the '70s gives way to the blockbuster-mad '80s, which is followed by the rise of the indies in the '90s. And then?
And then Frodo and Spider-Man, Mumblecore and midbudget Oscar bait, Will Ferrell and Sacha Baron Cohen, “The Dark Knight” and the Transformers movies, along with everything else. Everything else including terrorism, war, political polarization, environmental anxiety and an economic bubble whose bursting cast a backward pall over the era's extravagance, much as 9/11 seems to shadow even those pictures conceived and released before the attacks.
How else to make sense of the prevalence of revenge as a motive, a problem and a source of catharsis? It was hardly a new topic — payback has been the common currency of cowboys and samurai, rogue cops and righteous criminals, for a very long time — but in noncomic genres vengeance could seem like the only game in town. Sometimes the urge to repay blood with blood was treated with skepticism or at least with a sense of moral complication, as in “Mystic River” or “In the Bedroom” or “The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada.” But the tone for mainstream commercial entertainment was set early on, when “Gladiator” won the first Best Picture Oscar of the new decade. And nearly every hero thereafter, from Aragorn and Harry Potter to Spider-Man and even the newly young Mr. Spock and the newly sad James Bond, was caught up in a Manichaean struggle defined by an endless cycle of vendetta and reprisal.
This was even true of Jesus, whose travails in Mel Gibson's “Passion of the Christ” played like the first act of a revenge drama, the one in which the hero is humbled as pre-emptive justification for whatever fury he comes back to unleash at the end. The violence in that film, which seemed shocking at the time, now seems fairly typical of a mainstream popular cinema saturated with images of bodily torment.
And also, perhaps, of a taste for primal, antimodern scenarios of action and reaction, in which the nuances of politics and the deliberative institutions of justice are treated with suspicion, even contempt. George Lucas's final — which is to say middle — chapter in the “Star Wars” cycle was unusual in taking a critical view of this impulse, but not in placing it at the center of an allegorical epic. The bitterness of Anakin Skywalker, the sense of grievance asserting itself in violence, could be found in the Batman of “The Dark Knight” as well, whose voice and countenance bore a suggestive and chilling resemblance to Darth Vader.
There is something profoundly regressive in the vision of a civilization stripped down to an essentially violent core, so it is perhaps not surprising that regression of another kind provided the movies of the era with their richest vein of humor. Devotion to playthings and playmates, a fascination with bodily fluids and a queasy obsession with sex — these were what defined a movie hero not preoccupied with killing bad guys. Traditional romances and sex farces were supplanted by comedies of arrested male development, defensive glorifications of the right of boys to be boys, occasionally informed by the serious question of what it might mean to be a man.
Some of these — “The 40-Year-Old Virgin,” “Step Brothers,” “Nacho Libre” — were among the funniest movies of the decade, but like the geek-revenge dramas and the child-friendly fantasies with which they shared box-office ascendancy, they pushed women to the edge of the frame. Movies seem to be, increasingly, for and about men and (mostly male) kids, with adult women in the marginal roles of wives and mothers, there to be avenged, resented or run to when things get too scary.
There were exceptions, of course. Five thousand movies and more, spread out over 10 years, allow for a lot of variety. Some of these will grow stranger, some more familiar. They are still out there, after all, waiting to be rediscovered and inscribed either in some future canon or in the memory banks of people who stumble across them somewhere in the digital ether. The viewing and reviewing of movies never ends but rather restarts and repeats. Here comes the mailman, with a red envelope from Netflix: a DVD of “My Dog Skip.”
Syrian militias armed by different parts of the U.S. war machine have begun to fight each other on the plains between the besieged city of Aleppo and the Turkish border, highlighting how little control U.S. intelligence officers and military planners have over the groups they have financed and trained in the bitter five-year-old civil war.
The fighting has intensified over the last two months, as CIA-armed units and Pentagon-armed ones have repeatedly shot at each other while maneuvering through contested territory on the northern outskirts of Aleppo, U.S. officials and rebel leaders have confirmed.
In mid-February, a CIA-armed militia called Fursan al Haq, or Knights of Righteousness, was run out of the town of Marea, about 20 miles north of Aleppo, by Pentagon-backed Syrian Democratic Forces moving in from Kurdish-controlled areas to the east.
“Any faction that attacks us, regardless from where it gets its support, we will fight it,” Maj. Fares Bayoush, a leader of Fursan al Haq, said in an interview.
Read more
President Trump on Feb. 15 faced renewed questions on whether his 2016 presidential campaign had contacts with Russian officials. Meanwhile, Trump's nominee for labor secretary, Andrew Puzder, withdrew a day before his confirmation hearing. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
Know that cliche “Where there's smoke, there's fire”? The Trump White House is now engulfed in smoke over contacts between his presidential campaign (and transition team) and the Russian government. It's time for Trump to dump a whole heaping bucket of cold water on the fire or risk it beginning to burn out of control and threatening his entire presidency.
The danger to Trump surged Tuesday night when the New York Times and CNN both reported that numerous contacts had been detected between Trump campaign officials and the Russians over the course of the 2016 race. While it remains unclear just how high-ranking these aides were or whether there was any coordination with the Russian efforts to hack the election, the very fact that Trump officials were reportedly in regular contact with Russia flies directly in the face of a slew of denials from Trump and his aides on that matter over the course of the last many months.
Here's just one example:
Trump in Tampa: "I have nothing to do with Russia folks, OK. I'll give you a written statement, nothing to do." pic.twitter.com/yUQvHds9Cv — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) October 25, 2016
Trump's response to these serious allegations, which have already cost him his national security adviser and now threaten the foundations of his presidency, has been decidedly flippant. In a tweetstorm Wednesday morning, Trump blamed the “fake news” media and Hillary Clinton for the stories and sought to pivot the conversation to how the information regarding the contacts between his campaign and the Russians leaked out.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Trump has a point on the leaks. But it's a side point at this juncture. Yes, how this information got out to the news media is worth further study. But that's far less important than the underlying allegations — which are that the Trump campaign and Russian officials were in regular contact.
Think about that for a second: A foreign government that hacked into the emails of the Democratic National Committee and top Clinton campaign officials for the express purpose of hurting her and helping Trump in an American presidential campaign was reportedly also in regular touch with the campaign it aimed to help. That's stunning stuff — even if there was zero collusion or coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Given the seriousness of those allegations, tweets about the Clinton campaign or the “fake news” aren't going to cut it. Congressional Republicans are getting more and more worried that this situation is spinning out of control and has the possibility to do serious damage to the entire party less than a month into the Trump presidency.
"The question is whether the White House is going to be able to stabilize itself." ~Chairman Bob Corker — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) February 15, 2017
There will be congressional investigations into the Trump-Russia ties. Republicans would be committing political suicide to block those investigations now.
But what is really needed at this point is a full and complete debrief for the American people from Trump himself. Why was his campaign in “constant"contact with Russian officials? Who in the campaign — or the broader Trump organization — was involved? Are they still with the campaign or the business? What was discussed on these calls? Why didn't Trump tell Vice President Pence that former national security adviser Mike Flynn wasn't being honest about the nature of his conversations with the Russian ambassador? Why wasn't Flynn fired the second Trump learned he was deceiving the vice president? Why is Trump so reluctant to condemn Russia and Vladimir Putin in particular?
The resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn comes on the heels of reports that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian ambassador while a civilian, before President Trump took office. (Jason Aldag/The Washington Post)
The events of the last 12 hours didn't happen in a vacuum. They come on the heels of Flynn's “resignation” and less than two weeks removed from Trump defending Putin's murder of political enemies by noting “we've got a lot of killers. What, do you think our country's so innocent?” They come after a campaign in which Trump repeatedly refused to criticize Russia, breaking with his own party as he expressed hope that he could forge a new relationship with the Cold War-era superpower. They come after proof emerged that Russian intelligence organizations were actively involved in trying to sway the election to Trump.
That's a whole hell of a lot of smoke. So much smoke that any reasonable person paying even the slightest attention would suspect there's a fire burning. Trump needs to dump water on the fire — in the form of the full release of what he knew and when he knew it — and fast. That is, if he has the water that could put this fire out. If he doesn't, we might be looking at a full-on blaze very, very soon.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
President Obama has signed bipartisan legislation that has gotten rid of another pillar of the failed legacy of George W. Bush. No Child Left Behind is gone.
President Obama called the bill a Christmas miracle, a real bipartisan bill that he got to sign.
The President praised the bipartisanship behind this bill, “I just want to point out that it's not as if there weren't some significant ideological differences on some of these issues. No there were, but I really think this is a good example of how bipartisanship can work. People did not agree on everything at the outset, but they were willing to listen to each other in a civil and constructive way and to work through these issues, compromise when necessary, while still keeping their eye on the ball.”
According to a White House fact sheet the bill that President Obama signed will:
· Ensure states set high standards so that children graduate high school ready for college and career.
· Maintain accountability by guaranteeing that when students fall behind, states target resources towards what works to help them and their schools improve, with a particular focus on the lowest-performing 5 percent of schools, high schools with high dropout rates, and schools where subgroups of students are struggling.
· Empower state and local decision-makers to develop their own strong systems for school improvement based upon evidence, rather than imposing cookie-cutter federal solutions like No Child Left Behind (NCLB) did.
· Preserve annual assessments and reduce the often onerous burden of unnecessary and ineffective testing on students and teachers, making sure that standardized tests don't crowd out teaching and learning, without sacrificing clear, annual information parents and educators need to make sure our children are learning.
· Provide more children access to high-quality preschool, giving them the chance to get a strong start to their education.
· Establish new resources to test promising practices and replicate proven strategies that will drive opportunity and better outcomes for America's students.
One of the outcomes of the new law is expected to be a reduction in the amount of standardized testing that today's students are subjected to.
The Every Student Succeeds Act should be a major improvement on No Child Left Behind. A major subtext of the Obama years has been this president cleaning up the messes left behind by George W. Bush. The Bush legacy of failure has been largely dismantled.
Former President Bush managed to sign an education reform bill that both increased federal involvement in local education and managed to leave tons of children behind by forcing teachers to teach to standardized tests instead of helping students grow and learn.
Another “achievement” of one of the worst presidents in history has been sent to the dustbin as it seems that the one thing that Republicans and Democrats can agree on is the need to get rid of No Child Left Behind.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
To close out the 10th anniversary of A Kiss For The Petals, St. Michael Girls' School and the JAM Akihabara cafe (Twitter: @jam_akihabara) are holding a limited-time themed cafe from 15-31 December 2016. The menu and decor are tailored after the core cast, particularly that of Snow White's Knight. This marks the first official usage of titles from Yurin Yurin by St. Michael Girls' School beyond minor references to events from those stories. A number of merchandise items have also debuted at this event.
A description of the cafe and the menu was provided by St. Michael Girls' School at the Getchu blog. Ralen has translated the blog post, which reiterates information found on St. Michael Girls' School's website on the event.
Mai: “Today is the start of the Collaboration Cafe!”
Reo: “It's going on from the 15th through the 31st!”
Being held at JAM Akihabara!
Good day to you~
Thanks to all of you, the landmark yuri game, A Kiss For The Petals, is now ten years old.
In honor of this tenth anniversary, a limited time collaboration cafe will be opening at JAM Akihabara, a quiet little cafe located on the outskirts of Akihabara.
First, let's introduce you to the menu.
Food Menu
Sara: “ABCs of cooking, here I come!”
“Sara and Kaede's Homemade Napolitan” – ¥1,200
(Made by the couple in the drama CD, Kaede-chan's Newlywed Cooking)
JAM Akihabara's comments:
Made with green peppers, onions, and Vienna sausages, it really feels homemade.
Dessert
“Maidens' After School Tea Set” – ¥1,000
A tea set fit for the students of the Saint Michael Girls' School. Perfect for tea parties.
JAM Akihabara's comments:
Top Tier:
Cupcake
Cake-style baumkuchen
Black tea gelatin
The cupcake will be randomly selected from salted caramel, chocolate, or cheesecake.
The black tea gelatin is made with Earl Grey.
Bottom Tier:
Plain scone
Fruit pound cake
Strawberry jam
Drink Menu
Non-alcoholic:
“10th Anniversary Tea” – ¥750
Yuuna-sama conjures up images of black tea, served with strawberry jam reminiscent of Nanami.
Combining the two makes for a cup of yuri goodness perfectly suited for their tenth anniversary.
JAM Akihabara's comments:
Flavored tea served with a side of strawberry jam.
“Reo's Tropical Juice” – ¥750
The juice that Reo drank and highly recommended to Eris in Snow White's Knight.
JAM Akihabara's comments:
Tonic water mixed with blue syrup.
Garnished with an edible flower to give a tropical feeling.
Alcoholic:
“Mai's Lemon Tea with Sake” – ¥900
From Fuguriya's Twitter, “if you cut low-grade sake with lemon tea (Go Go Lemon Tea), it becomes really drinkable…”
Sake and Go Go Lemon Tea, served half and half over crushed ice.
JAM Akihabara's comments:
Mixed 1:1. Served over crushed ice.
For each item ordered from the collaboration menu, you'll receive a random one of seven coasters featuring new illustrations by Peko-sensei.
We also have original 10th anniversary placemats prepared as gifts.
Goods for Sale
The Petals 10th anniversary full color mug.
We'll serve your favorite hot drink in The Petals 10th anniversary full color mug.
¥1,300 plus the cost of the drink (mugs sold individually for ¥1,500).
You will receive an unused mug at the time of checkout.
It's a bargain with savings of ¥200 (plus tax).
JAM Akihabara A Kiss For The Petals Collaboration T-shirt – ¥2,500
Other Miscellaneous Goods
* For every ¥2,500 worth of goods purchased, you will receive your choice of coaster.
Yuri Couple Perks
Female couples, as well as anyone self-identifying as a yuri couple will receive a pair of “May the World Overflow with Yuri♪” stickers!!
The secret phrase is, “We're full of yuri goodness!!” (watashi tachi wa yurin yurin desu!!)
It's on the honor system, so be brave and let the shop fairy know.
* Quantities are limited.
To fully convey these ten years of history, we've prepared several items to put on display, as well as the opportunity for a sneak preview of a new piece of background music.
If you love yuri and The Petals, and happen to be passing through Akihabara, please make a stop by JAM Akihabara!
Written by:
Saint Michael Girls' School staff.
JAM Akihabara Website
Saint Michael Girls' School Official Website
St. Michael Girls' School and JAM Akihabara are currently posting photographs of the cafe in operation on Twitter, including the menu, decor, and staff members dressed as St. Michael students. A selection of these photos is linked below.
Founding document of the nation
The Constitution is the founding document of our nation and is the pre-eminent source of law.
The Constitution was drafted at a time when Australia was considered a land that belonged to no one before European settlement and when Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples were considered a 'dying race' not worthy of citizenship or humanity.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples were excluded from the discussions about the creation of a new nation to be situated on their Ancestral lands and waters.
Recognition of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples in the Australian Constitution
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples are not mentioned in the Constitution.
The Constitution still allows racial discrimination – not just against Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples but against anyone.
The only way we can change the Constitution is if a majority of voters in a majority of states vote YES at a referendum.
A referendum is a vote by Australians over the age of 18, just like voting in an election. Instead of voting on politicians as we do in an election, in a referendum we vote on a specific change to the Constitution.
In a 1967 referendum, over 90% of Australian voters agreed to change our Constitution to give the federal parliament the power to make laws in relation to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and to allow for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people to be included in the census. But this referendum did not recognise Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as first peoples.
The Benefits of change
Recognising Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples in the preamble of the Constitution and ensuring the Constitution does not discriminate against anyone will not give any Australians more rights than others. In fact, these changes will build stronger relationships of trust and mutual respect between Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and other Australians.
The right time for change?
Now is the right time to create a nation for all of us.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Theo Walcott today revealed how Arsenal's players held a private clear-the-air meeting in a bid to salvage their season.
The Gunners sealed their first win in six games with a 4-0 win at Hull in last night's FA Cup fifth-round replay to set up a quarter-final tie against Watford on Sunday.
Last night's victory came three days after Arsene Wenger's side salvaged a point with 10 men in the north London derby at Spurs and Walcott believes the players are already reaping the benefits of a frank exchange of views organised by senior squad members.
Petr Cech, Per Mertesacker, Mikel Arteta and Tomas Rosicky arranged the get-together without the manager's knowledge.
Walcott, who scored twice last night, said: “We are not going to lie — we know as a unit it has been tough and we all had a good chat amongst us behind closed doors, without even any of coaches or the manager knowing about anything. It is important that as a team [to know] we have got it in us.
“We just have to produce it more often. You had a sense of the Tottenham game especially, when you go down to 10 men in a big game like that, the belief and the character was there. The never-give-up spirit was there as well. In the derby matches, they could be the matches that turn your season and we may have turned the corner.
“We have quite a lot of experienced players in the dressing room. It came from Cech, Mikel, Per and Tomas. We have four good old heads there. I'd like to keep what was said among ourselves but it was very important. We have had a reaction from it.
“[The manager] probably knows about it anyway. The manager respects the players' privacy and what is happening personally among us all. It was a meeting to express how everyone was feeling basically and it worked.”
Only two teams — The Wanderers (1876-1878) and Blackburn Rovers (1884-1886) — have ever won the FA Cup in three successive years and Walcott admits he is motivated by the prospect of joining such an elite group.
“It was a confidence boost to everyone that it was good last night,” Walcott told Standard Sport. “We want to stay in this competition because it is massive for us.
“We want to make those history books and try to push on to Wembley and do it on the third occasion but we have got a big test against Watford first.”
Per Mertesacker suffered a cut eye and dizziness after a heavy collision with Nick Powell but is expected to be fit for Sunday's game, while Gabriel and Aaron Ramsey will be assessed after suffering hamstring and thigh injuries respectively.
Arsenal's victory, courtesy of two goals each from Walcott and Olivier Giroud, was not enough to prevent one supporter unveiling a banner demanding Wenger end his 19-and-a-half year stay as manager. The banner, which has appeared at Gunners away games before, read: “Arsene — thanks for the memories but it's time to say goodbye.”
Eric Bailly has told the Daily Mirror he could have been lining up for Manchester City in the derby had Jose Mourinho not stepped in at the last minute.
Bailly, 23, moved to Old Trafford from Villarreal in a £30 million deal in the summer to become Mourinho's first United signing -- but not before he had been chased by City and Barcelona.
The Ivory Coast international has enjoyed a fine debut season in England, establishing himself in the first team with 31 appearances already this term.
But ahead of the Manchester derby at the Etihad Stadium, he has revealed he was close to joining Pep Guardiola's team.
Eric Bailly has made 20 Premier League appearances for Manchester United.
Bailly said: "I was in the Ivory Coast, I got called from a Portuguese number, he introduced himself but I just didn't believe it at first.
"Before I came to Man United, it was City who had been watching me. In my mind, I was going there. But then everything changed.
"It felt like Mourinho was the one who really wanted me. He showed more interest, he rang me and that's why I'm at Man United.
"Man City contacted my agent, Barcelona as well were talking to my agent, but they weren't as interested in me as Mourinho. He really pushed for the move."
Bailly is set to play an important role between now and the end of the season as United chase a place in the top four and the Europa League trophy.
He is Mourinho's only fit senior centre-back after Marcos Rojo, Chris Smalling and Phil Jones all suffered injuries.
Rojo will miss the rest of the season but there is hope Smalling and Jones could return next month.
Rob is ESPN FC's Manchester United correspondent. Follow him on Twitter @RobDawsonESPN.
Instapundit, at 4:43 PM today
December 1, 2014 AT THE NEW YORK TIMES, zero results in a search for Zemir Begic, the man beaten to death with hammers by “youths” in St. Louis.
Missouri: 3 Teenagers Arrested in Hammer Death By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, DEC. 1, 2014 Three teenagers have been arrested after a man was beaten to death with hammers in St. Louis. The victim, Zemir Begic, 32, who moved from Bosnia a year ago, was in his car about 1:15 a.m. Sunday when several young people began damaging it, the police said. He suffered injuries to his head, abdomen, face and mouth, and was pronounced dead at a hospital. A 17-year-old suspect turned himself in late Sunday, after 15- and 16-year-old suspects were taken into custody.
However, when I clicked just now (8:15 Eastern) it did have this relevant result, a wire service report, probably posted automatically.That is the whole story. I'll remind you again that Zemir Begic was a white man beaten to death by minority youths during the Ferguson riots, still ongoing.
So why doesn't that fit the AP Stylebook's criteria for "relevance"?
Education Secretary Justine Greening has announced an extra £1.3bn in funding for schools over the next two years.
Ms Greening said the money, which will come from savings within the Department for Education, would give schools and high-needs programmes "the investment they need to offer a world-class education to every single child".
But shadow education secretary Angela Rayner said the cash was not new and was "nothing more than a sticking plaster".
Addressing MPs in the Commons, Ms Greening said the Government had "recognised" voters' concerns during the election campaign over the "overall level of funding in schools, as well as its distribution".
The Education Secretary also confirmed plans for a national funding formula aimed at cutting historic gaps in spending between different areas.
She said the investment announced on Monday would mean that core funding for schools and high-needs would go up from almost £41bn in 2017/18 to £42.4bn in 2018/19 and £43.5bn in 2019/20.
May: PM heckled over school funding
"It will mean that the total schools budget will increase by £2.6bn between this year and 2019/20, and per pupil funding will now be maintained in real terms for the remaining two years of the spending review period to 2019/20," Ms Greening said.
She added that this investment would increase the basic amount of funding for every pupil, with up to 3% gain per year per pupil for underfunded schools and a 0.5% increase per pupil for every school.
Ms Greening said it would provide at least £4,800 per pupil for every secondary school.
In terms of where the money will come from, the Education Secretary told MPs that £420m would be found from the main schools capital budget, while £280m could be saved in efficiencies from the free schools programme.
"This will include delivering 30 of those 140 schools through the local authority route, rather than the free schools route," she said.
Ms Greening said the rest of the money would come from reprioritising spending and moving money to the core schools programme.
Headteachers warn against school funding cuts
Responding to the announcement, Ms Rayner said more needed to be done.
"Per pupil funding will still fall over the course of this Parliament unless further action is taken urgently," she said.
"I will welcome the opportunity to protect budgets for our schools but this statement alone will do nothing of the kind."
Ms Rayner said it was "astounding" that "this is all being funded without a penny of new money", and called on Ms Greening to be "honest" with MPs and reveal who will lose out.
"She said the full funding formula has been delayed again, with local authorities playing a role in setting budgets until 2020," Ms Rayner said.
"Is this because she has finally acknowledged the role local authorities have to play, or has she simply realised to fully implement her plans she would need to pass primary legislation - and her Government is so weak and wobbly they cannot even get new money for schools passed through this House."
For the committee that enforces this process, see Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee
The arbitration process exists to impose binding solutions to Wikipedia conduct disputes (i.e., not content disputes requiring mediation) that neither community discussion nor administrators have successfully resolved. Arbitration on the English Wikipedia is conducted by a panel of experienced users named the Arbitration Committee (ArbCom), which is elected annually by the community and governed by the arbitration policy (ARBPOL). In addition to adjudicating serious disputes, this committee also resolves issues by private hearings if factors such as privacy may preclude public consideration. The Committee has significant autonomy to address unresolvable issues among the community, but at the same time does not exist to subvert community consensus, to adjudicate matters of article content (Wikipedia has no "content committee"), or to decide matters of editorial or site policy. This Arbitration Committee's jurisdiction extends only to the English Wikipedia, although some other Wikimedia projects have their own committees.
Selection and appointment
Elections are conducted annually, in December. Nominations usually open about a month beforehand, in November. The successful candidates are typically long-term, experienced editors of Wikipedia. No candidate has ever been appointed who is not an administrator (usually with years of experience), although there is no prohibition against appointments of non-administrators. However, candidates must be adults in their country of residence in order to be appointed.
Scope of arbitration
The Committee accepts cases related to editors' conduct (including improper editing) where all other routes to resolve the conduct issues have failed, and will make rulings to address problems in the editorial community. However it will not make editorial statements or decisions about how articles should read ("content decisions"), so users should not ask the Committee to make these kinds of decisions. It will not do so.
Arbitration is the last step in the dispute resolution process; it is a last resort, only to be employed when all else has failed or there is very good cause to believe they will not help. Try other steps first, including discussion between disputants and, where appropriate, mediation. The Arbitration Committee only deals with the most serious, entrenched, or persistent disputes and cases of rule-breaking, where all other reasonable means have failed.
Requesting arbitration
To request that a dispute be arbitrated, see Wikipedia:Arbitration/Requests, which contains all open requests for arbitration. But please read Wikipedia:Arbitration/Guide to arbitration before doing so.
Requests for arbitration can also be used to present questions and requests related to previous closed cases. These include clarification of the intent and scope of a decision, appeals of past sanctions, and requests to amend remedies and enforcement measures. It can also be used to request enforcement of a previous case or motion.
Wikipedia:Arbitration/Requests transcludes the following pages:
Wikipedia:Arbitration/Requests/Case: Use this page to request a new arbitration case.
Wikipedia:Arbitration/Requests/Clarification and Amendment: To request clarification or amendment of an existing closed case. This includes requests to lift sanctions previously imposed.
Wikipedia:Arbitration/Requests/Motions: Arbitrator-initiated motions, not specific to a current open request. Only arbitrators may propose or vote on motions on this page. However, you may add your own statement to the motion, and threaded discussion is allowed in the section titled "Community comments".
Wikipedia:Arbitration/Requests/Enforcement: Violations of existing arbitration decisions are referred to the Committee's enforcement process. Although enforcement is within the jurisdiction of ArbCom, the actual process is staffed by Wikipedia administrators. Further instructions on requesting enforcement of an arbitration decision are on that page.
Active sanctions
The Arbitration Committee may impose sanctions, either as a result of remedies accepted during cases, or during requests for clarification or amendment, or as a result of motions. These sanctions may be imposed on particular topic areas of Wikipedia, or they may be imposed on particular editors. Some sanctions may be indefinite, but these can be rescinded at a later date.
A list of active sanctions imposed by the Arbitration Committee is at Wikipedia:Arbitration/Active sanctions. It partially transcludes from the following pages:
Wikipedia:General sanctions: Lists general sanctions on all editors working in a particular topic area, imposed by the Arbitration Committee and the Wikipedia community. It also lists the various general sanctions available.
Wikipedia:Editing restrictions: Lists particular editors subject to restrictions placed by the Arbitration Committee and the Wikipedia community. It also lists the various types of editor restrictions.
General sanctions to topic areas may include discretionary sanctions, which are listed at Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Discretionary sanctions. Discretionary sanctions are a list of sanctions that are applied to the most contentious and strife-torn areas of Wikipedia. There is a log of enforcement at Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Discretionary sanctions/Log. Other general sanctions include article probation and revert restrictions.
Prior dispute resolution
The Committee will generally accept cases without any previous formal dispute resolution measures being followed if, and only if, the case would:
Review emergency actions to remove administrator privileges;
Examine unusually divisive disputes among administrators or the community; or
Arbitrate a dispute directly referred to the Arbitration Committee by Jimbo Wales
Otherwise, it is expected that other avenues of dispute resolution will have been exhausted before a case is filed.
Further information
For information about requesting Arbitration, and how cases are accepted and dealt with, please see Wikipedia:Arbitration/Guide to arbitration, which contains important information. You may also wish to review the following:
Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Noticeboard: Noticeboard of general announcements related to the Arbitration Committee's business.
Wikipedia:Arbitration/Current: Open and recently closed proceedings of the Arbitration Committee.
Wikipedia:Arbitration/Index: Archive of closed proceedings of the Arbitration Committee.
The current members of the Arbitration Committee, and more information on the Committee itself, is at Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee. Contact details are at User:Arbitration Committee. Information on the panel of clerks appointed by the committee to administrate the arbitration process is at Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Clerks. History of the Arbitration Committee is at Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/History.
The Arbitration Policy is at Wikipedia:Arbitration/Policy. Procedures based on this policy are listed at Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Procedures. The internal procedures of the Arbitration Clerks are at Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Clerks/Procedures.
Wilshere: Notched Arsenal's leveller at The Hawthorns
Sky Sports pundit Redknapp felt the England man was lax with the ball and not strong enough in the tackle during the opening period of Sunday's Premier League clash at The Hawthorns, from which the Baggies emerged with a 1-0 lead.
But he says Wilshere - who created headlines in the week when he was pictured smoking a cigarette - upped his level in the second 45 minutes and was rewarded when he smashed home Arsenal's equaliser from a Tomas Rosicky pass.
Read our match report here
And Redknapp reckons the 21-year-old - whose side remain top of the Premier League courtesy of scoring more goals than second-placed Liverpool - must now play in a more central area for the Gunners, as opposed to in the wide berth he has been filling.
"I have been Wilshere's biggest fan but the way he played first half was not up to the standards he has set over the years," said the former Tottenham engine-roomer.
"He was caught in possession, kept giving the ball away and never won his 50/50 challenges.
"So Arsene Wenger deserves credit for not taking him off but Jack deserves it as well for reacting, as all good players do.
Pace
"He didn't hide, got in a position to score a goal and played the pass of the match to Olivier Giroud.
"He was much more effective in the middle as wide left doesn't suit him because he doesn't have the pace of a Theo Walcott.
"But with Santi Cazorla coming back and Mikel Arteta and Mathieu Flamini forming that defensive two, you wonder where Wenger will fit everyone in."
Redknapp's fellow analyst Jamie Carragher was impressed by two of West Brom's midfield stars, Youssouf Mulumbu and Claudio Yacob, saluting the way they diminished the threat of Arsenal's in-form record signing Mesut Ozil.
"Mulumbu and Yacob stifling teams was a feature of their play last season and they did that to Arsenal today [Sunday]," said Carragher, whose views on Chelsea's 3-1 victory at Norwich you can read by clicking this link.
"They haven't got the quality of Arsenal's old pairing of Emanuel Petit and Patrick Vieira, but they are very organised, always very close together and gave Arsenal no space, which is why Ozil had to drop deeper and deeper.
"They were both involved in West Brom's goal, too, with Mulumbu helping set it up and Yacob heading it in, and it was very close between the pair of them for Man of the Match."
What do Americans see when they look at the faces of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev? And do Russians see the same thing?
One of the many instructive ironies surrounding the intense speculation about the Boston bombings involves the racial identity of the suspects: from the elusive “dark-skinned male” and David Sirota's hopes that the bomber would prove to be a “white American” to the identification of the Tsarnaev brothers as the alleged culprits, the American media and blogosphere have puzzled over the extent of the men's whiteness. As Peter Beinart puts it on The Daily Beast, “Are the Tsarnaevs White?” Before the Tsarnaevs were fingered as the culprits, the various approaches to their race were so simple as to need virtually no analysis. In the absence of data, all we had were preconceived notions about race, crime, and terror. Watching these discussions was like watching America's racial unconscious talk to itself–facts would only get in the way.
But when the “facts” arrived (and here we should remember that the Tsarnaevs have been accused, not convicted), they merely exposed how little facts matter in questions of whiteness. Beinart does a fine job reminding us that whiteness has long been a historically constructed and contested category in America, one that cannot be reduced merely to skin tone.
The history of immigration and assimilation in the United States is one of varying degrees of recasting whiteness. As recently as 1988, I remember a limo driver in southern New Jersey explaining to me that Princeton was so ritzy “you had to be white or Italian to live there.” The Italians, Irish and Jews eventually overcame enough stigma to be considered white, but they were not “white” from the very beginning. The color line is still decisive: visible shades of brown or gold are an insurmountable impediment.
Beinart's conclusion is that the obstacle to the Tsarnaevs' whiteness is Islam, which in contemporary America has the effect of adding invisible layers of brown to otherwise pale skin. This makes sense as far as it goes, but leaves out a crucial component for understanding the Tsarnaevs' position on the color wheel: their racial identity before their arrival in the United States. Back in the Russian Federation, were the Tsarnaevs “white”? And if they weren't, what were they?
Billngual speakers of Russian and English all recognize the disconnect between the terms “Caucasian” (i.e., “white”) and “Caucasian” (person from the Caucasus region of the former Soviet Union); for Russian speakers, the two terms are functionally opposite. What, then, are “people of Caucasian nationality” (as the Russian bureaucratic phrase would have it)? Can their difference be mapped on to a grid of whiteness and non-whiteness?
Part of the problem in mediating between American and Russian understandings of difference is that Americans are so accustomed to seeing race as the default category for otherness that we take its universality for granted. Of course, decades of post-structuralist and post-colonial studies have argued this very point, but often in prose whose god-awfulness gives the general public a free pass from engaging with it. The American preoccupation with race as a primal category makes complete sense, given that the country is haunted by not one, but two racial original sins (native American genocide and the enslavement and mass murder of Africans and their descendants). The power of American racial discourse threatens to suck the life out of other analytic categories; in the public sphere, the only way we can even broach issues of social class is to conceive of them as issues of race.
Russia is another matter entirety. Social class is not a taboo topic, and the notion of “race” has played itself out quite differently. Scholars of the (post-) Soviet Union traditionally ignored the very category as irrelevant (though that has started to change in the past decade). Russian discourses of race overlap with their American counterparts, but only in part. Rather, race in Russia functions within the much more common category of “ethnicity” or “nationality.”
On the one hand, ethnic Russianness is certainly ascribed a default whiteness, but this does not necessarily translate to Russians thinking of themselves primarily as “white.” Instead, the equivalent to the American understanding of “Caucasian” is “European.” Whiteness is invoked conversationally as a function of status and comfort, with a casualness that would cause their American interlocutors to, well, blanch. Jennifer Patico provides an example of a common Russian expression when she tells of a woman who is proud of her improved housing accommodations: “we are now living like white people.” Here whiteness points to the speaker (who is, of course, white) in an unselfconscious fashion that would be impossible in the United States: whiteness without guilt.
In the absence of a significant population of descendants from Africa, race and color cannot play themselves out along American lines. The former empire's vast Asian population can be and is understood in racial terms, but is spoken of more often in terms of ethnicity and even civilization. Here Russia's own preoccupation with geography trumps America's preoccupation with race: Russia has historically been far more concerned with its status as Eastern or Western, Asian or European, than it has with color or “scientific” understandings of race.
This does not mean that no one in Russia is “black.” The Russian word for “black” has recently started to be applied to people of African descent, (as part of a compound term, “black-skinned”), but only as a reluctant adoption of American terminology and in the face of English speaker's discomfort with “negr”, the traditional Russian term. The reluctance stems from the fact that “black” as a categorical descriptor of human beings is, in Russian, negative by definition. And it is applied not according to skin color, but to hair color: in Russia, the “blacks” are the people from the Caucasus. That is, the “Caucasians,” and anyone who might look like them.
When I'm in Moscow, I expect to be stopped by police and asked for my documents on a fairly regular basis. With the protection of my magical American passport, I usually treat it as something of a sport, baiting younger, Chechen-hunting police officers who have lost the Soviet-era knack for spotting a Jew. But the time that I did not have my passport with me, I was almost taken to the local precinct for processing, while the cop who detained me kept asking me pointed questions about my “ethnicity.” By the end, he excused himself by saying, “I'm sure this kind of thing happens in your country all the time.” I wanted to tell him, “No, it doesn't,” because I didn't want to let him off the hook so easily, but I realized that a more truthful answer would be, “It doesn't happen to white people.” And that was the point: I was experiencing contradictory definitions of whiteness while sitting in a Russian police van. To be clear: the amount of sympathy a privileged white American should be able to get from this incident is exactly zero. But I do find it enlightening.
All of this brings me back, finally, to the Tsarnaevs and the multiple ironies of border-crossings. Just as Soviet Jews, who were not Russian by definition, became “Russians” in America, it is only by coming to the United States that the Tsarnaevs became fully white. And in the process, reminded us once again of just how tenuous the category actually is.
Disunion follows the Civil War as it unfolded.
It was the most grueling of the forced marches for which Gen. Stonewall Jackson was justly famous — 56 miles in 36 hours across the rolling Virginia Piedmont. To move faster, at the beginning his men were ordered to “unsling knapsacks.” They were going to live off the land. But the land didn't offer much to sustain 23,000 Confederates. On the second day, remembered a South Carolina soldier, Berry Benson, “My only food…was a handful of parched corn and three or four small sour green apples.”
But it was worth it. On the evening of Aug. 26, 1862, Jackson captured Bristoe Station on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad about 40 miles west of Fredericksburg, cutting the Union supply line. Not only that, he now stood between John Pope's Union Army and the Federals' main supply depot at Manassas Junction. His soldiers could not only re-sling their knapsacks — they could fill them, too.
Manassas Junction was lightly guarded by a token force of Federal soldiers under the command of Capt. Samuel Craig of Pennsylvania. One of Jackson's lieutenants, Brig. Gen. Isaac Trimble, gleefully proposed taking it with two picked regiments, the 21st North Carolina and the 21st Georgia: “Give me my two Twenty-ones and I'll charge and capture hell itself! ”The combative, ambitious Trimble — he had confided to another officer that after the next battle he would be “either a major general or a corpse”— got the go-ahead from Jackson, who later sent Jeb Stuart's cavalry along as well.
Rumors of Confederate guerrillas had reached Captain Craig, who deployed his men but was himself asleep when the first of his pickets were attacked around midnight by Stuart's horsemen. The Confederates backed off, lulling the Federals into thinking it was a false alarm. They found out the truth shortly thereafter when Trimble's men came on “like an avalanche.” Union soldiers fled; the Confederates swept ahead, capturing some 300 prisoners — plus a cornucopia of supplies so incredibly rich as to defy description. “It would be impossible to tell the variety of provisions and other goods we found here,” Benson wrote. The Confederate general A.P. Hill reported two miles of railroad cars. Pvt. John H. Worsham of the Stonewall Brigade wrote of “vast storehouses filled with everything to eat, and sutler's stores filled with all the delicacies, potted ham, lobster, tongue, candy, cakes, nuts, oranges, lemons, pickles, catsup, mustard, etc.”
Dawn revealed the full extent of the treasures. Stuart's cavalry helped themselves. “The quantity of booty was very great,” Heros von Borcke of Stuart's staff wrote, “and the amount of luxuries absolutely incredible. It was exceedingly amusing to see here a ragged fellow regaling himself with a box of pickled oysters or potted lobster; there is another cutting into a cheese of enormous size, or emptying a bottle of champagne; while hundreds were engaged in opening the packages of boots and shoes and other clothing, and fitting themselves with articles of apparel to replace their own tattered garments.”
“Fine whiskey and segars circulated freely,” elaborated the South Carolinian J.F.G. Caldwell, “elegant lawn and linen handkerchiefs were applied to noses hitherto blown by thumb and forefinger, and sumptuous underclothing was fitted over limbs sunburnt, sore and vermin-splotched.”
Trimble placed guards over the stores. When the Stonewall Brigade marched in from Bristoe, hungry soldiers pushed past these sentries, whose numbers were strengthened to push the men back. A bloodless, intra-Confederate battle began. In a flanking maneuver, some of the famished soldiers discovered a commissary depot. According to John O. Casler of the Stonewall Brigade,
I soon found, in one corner of the second story, a room full of officers' rations and several soldiers supplying themselves with coffee, sugar, molasses, etc. When we had appropriated all that we could carry, we found a barrel of whiskey, which we soon tapped; but as our canteens were full of molasses, and our tin cups full of sugar, we had nothing to drink out of. We soon found an old funnel, however, and while one would hold his hand over the bottom of it, another would draw it full. In this way it was passed around.
Hill's soldiers followed the Stonewall Brigade. Sounding personally affronted, General Trimble wrote in his report: “It was with extreme mortification that, in reporting to General A. P. Hill about 10 o'clock, I witnessed an indiscriminate plunder of the public stores, cars, and sutler's houses by the army which had just arrived, in which General Hill's division was conspicuous, setting at defiance the guards I had placed over the stores.”
Long-range shelling from a Union battery interrupted the festivities. It would have to be silenced — along with its probable accompanying Federal infantry. Around 9,000 Confederates were sent eastward to meet the threat, first from New York soldiers under Col. Gustav Waagner, next from a New Jersey brigade under Gen. George Taylor. Unbeknown to each other, they had both been sent to retake the junction from what was assumed to be a small force of Confederate guerrillas.
Waagner wisely retreated when he discovered the “guerrillas” outnumbered him about nine to one. Taylor was less perceptive. He deployed his regiments in a line of battle that the Confederates remembered as a “grand sight,” until it was ripped apart by shot and canister from 28 cannons along with massed volleys from Confederate infantry. The Federals came on, brave and too inexperienced to realize just how extensively they were outmanned and outgunned.
Here Jackson did an uncharacteristic thing. He ordered his men to cease firing and rode out in front of the line waving a white handkerchief, calling on the Yankees to surrender. In response, a New Jersey infantryman fired his musket at the general. Jackson turned back. The uneven contest continued, turning into a rout a few minutes later. Hundreds of Union soldiers were killed or wounded.
Related Civil War Timeline An unfolding history of the Civil War with photos and articles from the Times archive and ongoing commentary from Disunion contributors. Visit the Timeline »
By the time the Confederates returned from their victory, the junction warehouses had settled into a somewhat more orderly scene. Stores were now being officially distributed, and each man was ordered to take four days of rations. The order was obeyed, after a fashion. “What do you think they did?” Worsham wrote. “Begin to eat. Oh no. They discussed what they should eat and what they should take with them…I know one that took nothing but French mustard, filled his haversack and was so greedy he put one more bottle in his pocket. This was his four days' rations, and it turned out to be the best thing taken, for he traded it for meat and bread, and it lasted him until we reached Frederick City” — 10 days later.
That evening Jackson ordered his men to destroy what could not be carried away. “All the storehouses and depots were filled with straw and hay,” von Borcke wrote, “and combustibles were also placed in forty-six railway cars, which had been pushed closely together…Just as the sun was disappearing behind the range of distant hills, the flames were rising from a hundred different points of the plain.”The sight, he continued, was one of “strange mysterious splendor.”
South Carolina's Benson remembered sleeping in an open field the night before, huddled together with other soldiers to keep warm. He contrasted that with the night of Aug. 27: “Now we had blankets, and the whole field was lit up by burning cars. Shells and ammunition boxes were bursting in the flames, the pieces every now and then dropping amongst the sleeping men. But the chance of getting hit kept nobody awake.”
For now the men could relish their loot. “The appearance of the marching columns was novel and amusing,” recalled Jackson's youthful staff officer Henry Kyd Douglas.“Here one fellow was bending beneath the weight of a score of boxes of cigars, smoking and joking as he went, another with as many boxes of canned fruits, another with coffee enough for a winter's encampment, or perhaps with a long string of shoes around his neck, like beads.” Jackson, austere even amid such bounty, withdrew, but allowed his men their fun. He could likely foresee the coming cataclysm at Bull Run, a rematch even bloodier than its predecessor battle a year before.
Follow Disunion at twitter.com/NYTcivilwar or join us on Facebook.
Sources: Edward Porter Alexander, “Fighting for the Confederacy”; Susan Williams Benson, ed., “Berry Benson's Civil War Book: Memoirs of a Confederate Scout and Sharpshooter”; Heros von Borcke, “Memoirs of the Confederate War for Independence”; Henry Kyd Douglas, “I Rode With Stonewall”; Douglas Southall Freeman, “Lee's Lieutenants,” Vol.2; “Robert E. Lee,” Vol. 2; G.F.R. Henderson, “Stonewall Jackson and the American Civil War,” Vol. 2; John J. Hennessy, “Return to Bull Run: The Campaign and Battle of Second Manassas”; James I. Robertson Jr., “General A.P. Hill” and “Stonewall Jackson”; John H. Worsham, “One of Jackson's Foot Cavalry.”
Ben Cleary is a writer and teacher in Mechanicsville, Va.
AMERICA spends more on health care than any other country in the world. What is more, spending within America varies dramatically from one region to the next. This is well known. Less understood is how best to change it. The health system is enormously complex. Differing views on reform inspire rowdy protests and send pundits into frothy-mouthed rants. To lower health spending, it would help to know what drives it up. A huge new report from America's Institute of Medicine (IOM) helps provide an answer.
In the study, commissioned by Congress, the IOM looked at the geographic variation in spending within Medicare, the health programme for the old, and within the commercially insured population. It is the biggest ever analysis of why some regions spend more than others. Crucially, the factors driving the variation in Medicare spending are different from those affecting private coverage.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Researchers at Dartmouth University have studied regional variation in Medicare spending for over 30 years, finding little relationship between spending and health outcomes. This prompted some politicians to wonder if they should use Medicare payments to reward low-spending regions and penalise high-spending ones. This is a bad idea, the IOM concludes.
That's because Medicare spending does not vary just by region, but within regions and even within hospitals and doctors' groups. Adjusting payments by region would reward some inefficient hospitals in high-value regions, while penalising high-value hospitals in inefficient ones.
That still leaves the question of why spending varies so spectacularly. Age, sex and health status account for some of the difference—after controlling for these, factors such as race and income have little effect. The other big driver of variation in Medicare spending is the use of so-called post-acute care, such as services in skilled nursing facilities. Once the researchers controlled for post-acute care, the variation in spending dropped by 73%.
Interestingly, the drivers of variation are dramatically different for those younger than 65 with private insurance. The overuse of services explains some of the variation. For example, the researchers saw big gaps in the use of emergency rooms. But erratic pricing is by far the biggest culprit.
The Centres for Medicare and Medicare Services (CMS) sets a price for Medicare services, adjusted for various regional input costs. In contrast, private insurers negotiate payment rates with hospitals. In areas with a dominant hospital chain, prices are likely to be higher. The IOM reports that price mark-ups account for 70% of the variation in commercial spending.
These findings illuminate a long, boisterous debate. In 2009 the New Yorker's Atul Gawande described how Medicare spending per person was much higher in McAllen, Texas than in nearby El Paso. But the following year a paper in Health Affairs showed the opposite phenomenon for commercial insurers: spending for privately insured patients was higher in El Paso than in McAllen. The IOM's report helps explain this. For Medicare patients, most variation comes from differences in patients' health status and the overuse of a particular service, post-acute care. For privately insured patients, price gaps are to blame. This bolsters the case long made by Uwe Reinhardt of Princeton, as well as Steven Brill's great piece on hospital bills in Time and more recent data showing chasms between America's prices and those of other rich countries.
The question now is what to do. The problems for both Medicare and private insurers stem from America's reigning fee-for-service system, in which a doctor is paid more for each service he provides. This gives doctors a reason to provide more care and charge as much as possible.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act or “Obamacare”, CMS is already exploring ways to reward better, more efficient hospitals. Accountable Care Organisations (ACOs), for example, reward networks of doctors for keeping costs below a benchmark. Bundled payments pay a set price for an entire episode of care, rather than a fee for each service. Similar experiments are underway in the private sector. UnitedHealthcare, a giant health insurer, has already linked some hospital payments to measures of quality and efficiency. This month United said it would more than double these contracts, from $20 billion today to $50 billion by 2017.
Still, it is too soon to know which experiments will work. The transition from fee-for-service will inevitably be slow. In the meantime, it would help if the millions of Americans with private insurance had any idea what hospitals charge. In May CMS published hospitals' price lists, showing huge gaps from one hospital to the next. But few patients pay these charges—it would be more useful to know the rate negotiated with their insurers. This transparency does not require restructuring the health system. It just requires hospitals to lift the veil on prices. If they don't, a regulator may do it for them.
(Photo credit: AFP)
Your parents come visit your house. Or the person you're dating gets their first look at your living room and your entertainment center. They see your hot new PlayStation. Sony hopes their next console won't suddenly bring you shame.
The PS4 "was designed to be an impact product in an entertainment center,” Sony's v.p. of PlayStation hardware marketing John Koller told Kotaku last week, when asked to describe the intent behind the look of the new console. “We wanted the design to be something sleek, something people feel proud about including."
Koller was talking to a reporter who opted for the purple GameCube over the black one, so please understand that what someone is proud to have in their entertainment center might vary.
To Sony, at least, the research shows that people want something sleek and black. "We think it's best, actually," Koller said. Not white? Not colors? Black? "The research we've done show most people appreciate that," he said. "For those who appreciate colors, we do offer them for other platforms. Nothing to announce here or plans for PS4."
Koller believes that the blue light that crosses the side of the PS4 will become the machine's visual signature. It lights up when the machine is on.
Advertisement
The console can stand with the help of a stand. Otherwise, it lies flat.
Advertisement
As we noted last week, at least one of Sony's top people hadn't even seen the PS4 console until recently. Sony's head of worldwide game development, Shuhei Yoshida, told Kotaku he just saw it a couple of months ago, well after the February 20 public reveal of the PS4 DualShock controller, logo and games.
"We were heavily involved in designing the DualShock 4 even at the time that no idea existed, because it's the interface," Yoshida said. "We were there as a team. But the box, it's just a box. When I finally saw it, it was near-final and I was amazed by the thinness and lightness of it. It looked already like the second generation of a console. I compared it to the second generation of the PS3. On PS4, first-gen is almost exactly the same dimensions. More than the aesthetics of it, the smallness of it. I am so psyched."
Advertisement
PS4... it's got a nice tilt to it, and it's definitely less embarrassing than the Hey You, Pikachu! N64.
One of the lesser known secrets for Tampanians is that the Brew Bus provides a round trip shuttle to Downtown St. Pete every First Friday from Irish 31 in Hyde Park.
The best part is our round-trip is only $25, which includes complimentary Brew Bus Brewing craft beer served on the way over. There is no other ride service that can beat that.
Buses leave from Irish 31 at 7:30 and 9:00 pm sharp – check in begins 30 minutes before. Drop off is at World of Beer in Downtown St. Pete. Return trips begin at midnight and run every 30 minutes until 2:30 am.
Your Brew Bus wristband will also score you 10% off Brew Bus Brewing beer at Yard of Ale, Macdintons, Centrale Ave Sports Bar, and The Kitchen, or $4 Brew Bus drafts at World of Beer.
While Democratic lawmakers put on a Russian dog and pony show today on Capitol Hill, complete with fabrications from US Intel chiefs, a confidential report has surfaced illustrating how Hillary Clinton, John Podesta and the Clinton Foundation reaped untold millions from selling favors to Russia while Hillary was secretary of state.
Unlike the nonsensical partisan hearings on The Hill where there is NO proof of President Donald Trump-Russia connections, this report describes in chilling detail how the Clinton cartel traded US resources and political payoffs in exchange for possible hundreds of millions of dollars.
Where is the FBI Director James Comey when you need him? Oh right, he's perjuring himself again about fabricated and fictional Trump links to Russia and his agency's investigative theater show written to discredit President Trump.
(VIEW FULL REPORT: Government Accountability Institute)
By Online Desk
Gauri Shankar, one of the alleged administrators of an illegal torrent website, was on Tuesday evening arrested by Chennai police, according to unverified reports.
According to indiaglitz.com, the admin of the torrent website Tamilrockers.co has been arrested by the Triplicane police.
However, cover365.in reported that Gauri Shankar is not the admin of Tamilrockers site, but another torrent website, TamilGun.com, which is currently blocked by the government.
Both the websites allow people to illegally download films, with some made available even before they officially hit the theatres.
Tamil Film Producers Council (TPFC) president and actor Vishal, who has been in the forefront in taking efforts to curb online piracy, said that the arrest is a significant breakthrough, behindwoods.com reported. He further said that he will provide additional details soon.
Tamilrockers.co was recently in the news for leaking a pirated version of the Ajith-starrer Vivegam online within hours of the movie's official release.
Several attempts have been made to curb online piracy, with Vishal vowing that measures would be taken to bring it down.
More details are awaited.
Government extends powers over CSG projects
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: New Government powers to reject coal seam gas projects (7pm TV News NSW)
New laws covering the approval of coal seam gas projects have closed an "enormous gap" in the process, according to Independent MP Tony Windsor.
The Federal Government has announced laws to ensure that any coal seam gas or large coal mine development which has "a significant impact on a water resource" must be assessed by the Commonwealth.
Mr Burke says a significant number of projects that have already begun the approval process will be asked to provide more information.
What is CSG?
Coal seam gas is a natural gas that is extracted from underground coal seams. The gas primarily is made up of methane, which is odourless and colourless.
At the end of the production cycle, the gas is chilled into liquefied natural gas for export or use in electricity production.
How is the gas extracted?
Commercial production of coal seam gas requires the drilling and construction of a number of wells, which typically occupy a space of around 10 square metres.
Steel pipe are installed and the gap between the casing and borehole is filled with cement to prevent gas leaking into aquifers.
Production wells may be in operation for 10 to 20 years.
What is going to change?
The Federal Government now wants all coal seam gas projects considered to have a "significant impact on a water resource" to be approved federally.
Previously, federal approval only related to projects that threatened species or wetlands.
Sources: Department of Primary Industries, Victoria Coal seam gas is a natural gas that is extracted from underground coal seams. The gas primarily is made up of methane, which is odourless and colourless.At the end of the production cycle, the gas is chilled into liquefied natural gas for export or use in electricity production.Commercial production of coal seam gas requires the drilling and construction of a number of wells, which typically occupy a space of around 10 square metres.Steel pipe are installed and the gap between the casing and borehole is filled with cement to prevent gas leaking into aquifers.Production wells may be in operation for 10 to 20 years.The Federal Government now wants all coal seam gas projects considered to have a "significant impact on a water resource" to be approved federally.Previously, federal approval only related to projects that threatened species or wetlands.Sources: ABC News Online
He says the public expects him to consider the effect on water but, until now, he has not had the power to.
"I have been with members of parliament to a number of places, whether it has been the Northern Rivers, the New England area, the Darling Downs, and the consistent concern is very much the question what is the impact on water," he said.
"Whenever I have to, as Australia's Environment Minister, make a decision about approval or otherwise for coal seam gas or a large coal mine, people quite properly expect that I will have taken into account by law all the impacts on water resources.
"It's not an unreasonable expectation."
Mr Windsor, along with farming and environment groups, has been calling for more federal intervention in relation to the controversial mining method.
"I think it's closed an enormous gap," Mr Windsor said.
"We will have a real process based on science."
Coal seam gas is extracted from underground reservoirs, using a method called 'fracking'.
The debate has pitted mining companies against environmentalists and farmers who are concerned about the impacts on the water table and the loss of viable agricultural land.
Mr Burke says he hopes this measure will help manage the conflict.
"You can't talk about impact on water without talking about both environmental and other productive uses," he said.
"So I think those involved in agriculture will be very pleased to see this.
"It means that the integrity of any final decision will,I think,have a lot more behind it."
The legislation to change the law is due to be introduced to parliament in the next two weeks.
Queensland Deputy Premier Jeff Seeney has lashed out at the move, saying it will delay important projects.
"It's all about a desperate politician looking for a political opportunity in an emotive issue that lends itself to scare campaigns," he said.
Topics: industry, business-economics-and-finance, mining-industry, mining-rural, mining-environmental-issues, australia, qld, nsw, toowoomba-4350, nt
First posted
The next time you gaze deep into your pooch's eyes, imagine the high plateaus of Mongolia or the mountains of Nepal. The latest analysis of canine DNA suggests that dogs first arose there, not in Europe, the Middle East, or southern China as others have suggested. Researchers don't think this is the final word about where man's oldest friend came from, but they are pleased with these additional data.
“[It's] a truly novel paper from many different perspectives, and perhaps not surprisingly, a novel result as well,” says Greger Larson, an evolutionary biologist and dog domestication expert at the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom, who was not involved with the work. “Adding central Asia now means that everyone with a favorite region can point to at least one paper that supports their suspicions regarding the geographic origins of dogs.”
For decades, geneticists, archaeologists, and evolutionary biologists have been trying to trace the history of Canis lupus familiaris (dogs), with conflicting results. Genetic studies have proven challenging because the explosion in canine breeds over the last couple of centuries has obscured the dogs' evolutionary history. “You don't get a picture of what went on 20,000 years ago,” about the time dogs may have been domesticated, says Adam Boyko, a geneticist at Cornell University.
So Boyko decided to look at dogs that live in isolated places and that are typically left alone to mate as they see fit. He and his brother traveled around the world sampling DNA from about 549 “village” dogs—animals that often don't really belong to anyone but hang around people anyway—from 38 countries. Boyko and his Cornell postdoc Laura Shannon then compared these dogs' genomes, as well as the genomes of more than 4500 purebreds from 161 breeds, at almost 189,000 spots along their chromosomes.
“It's a really comprehensive work including all kinds of markers, and a fairly good geographical coverage,” says Peter Savolainen, an evolutionary geneticist at the Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, who has also sampled dogs from around the world to determine their evolutionary birthplace. “So, it gives a good picture of the overall genetic relations among today's dogs.”
Village dogs had a much wider variety of genetic differences than purebred dogs and thus are better sources of historical data, Shannon, Boyko, and their colleagues report online today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. These dogs had experienced different degrees of infiltration from European canines: African dogs have relatively few European dogs in their past, whereas dogs in the South Pacific came almost exclusively from European stock, they discovered. Such a strong European influence also obscures the historical signal, so Boyko's team focused on data from indigenous dogs with little modern European influence.
In this subset, the team homed in on the number of differences at spots located close to one another along their genomes. This indicated how far back in time these dogs descended from a common ancestor—and where this happened. The analysis pointed toward central Asia as the place where dogs likely transitioned from wolves. It also indicated that dogs then moved into east Asia and elsewhere. They were not able to pin down a date for this transition.
Boyko suspects that between 50,000 and 10,000 years ago, grey wolves and humans were hunting large mammals like elk in central Asia. But increasing human density, climate change, or other factors may have resulted in scarcities in these prey, such that wolves began scavenging to survive. Hanging around human encampments led to smaller, tamer animals that may have begun to cooperate with people, kicking off domestication.
Not everyone agrees with the team's findings. Boyko's sample didn't include animals from south or central China, and if they had “it might possibly have indicated these regions instead,” says Savolainen, whose work suggests just that. Robert Wayne, an evolutionary biologist and dog domestication expert at the University of California, Los Angeles, is also skeptical: One lesson learned from genetic studies of dog domestication is that looking at dogs living today “are a poor guide to domestication events which may have occurred more than 27,000 years ago.” To get around that problem, Wayne, Savolainen, and Larson are now looking at fossil DNA as well as modern DNA. However, the new study will be of great help for this work, Larson says. “Once we have the ancient data, we can compare it against [Boyko's] to really get to grips with where and when dogs were domesticated.”
California voters approved a $50 billion tax hike in November, bestowing the highest marginal income tax rate in the nation on California taxpayers — 13.3 percent.
Now professional golfer Phil Mickelson is thinking of leaving the state. He's fortunate. He can practice his chosen profession in any region where snow doesn't cover the ground for too long, and if he moves to Texas or Florida, his state income tax will drop to zero.
Mickelson won't be the first pro golfer to leave California. Tiger Woods, who used to live in my old Orange County legislative district, moved to Florida in 1996.
California's ruling Democrats will, of course, scoff at Mickelson. Vice President Joe Biden might even intimate that Michelson is unpatriotic for not wanting to pay a higher tax rate.
And the members of California's ruling class will comfort themselves by saying they still have Hollywood and Silicon Valley, and they seem willing to pay the price to live in paradise. (Never mind that Hollywood has sought, and won, tax subsidies in exchange for keeping business in the Golden State.)
But what about the average Californians hit by the recent sales tax, income tax and vehicle tax boosts? How are they faring?
California's official unemployment rate, 9.8 percent, is the third highest in the nation. In comparison, Texas' official rate stands at 6.1 percent. For 72 consecutive months, the Lone Star State's unemployment rate has been below the national average.
California Gov. Jerry Brown gets understandably defensive about California's jobs picture. In a recent radio interview, Brown sought to downplay Texas' employment success by claiming that “ten or eleven” percent of all Texas workers earn at or below the minimum wage. This stale meme, first offered by New York Times columnist Paul Krugman, is false. Krugman himself admitted as much in a correction issued about a week after he wrote a column attacking Texas.
Once Texas' much lower cost-of-living is accounted for, the picture becomes even clearer. California has the third-highest cost-of-living in the nation, after Hawaii and New York. The cost-of-living is 42 percent higher in California than it is in Texas, most of that due to hyper-restrictive land use policies and fees that artificially drive up California's housing costs. This means California's hourly minimum wage of $8.00 effectively buys $6.06 of goods and services while Texas' lower minimum wage of $7.25 can buy $8.04 of goods and services. (My book, “The Texas Model: Prosperity in the Lone Star State and Lessons for America,” details this and many other points.)
Cost-of-living is also an important variable in the U.S. Census Bureau's new method of measuring poverty. The Census' Supplemental Poverty Index, released a week after the election, pegs California's poverty rate at an astounding and nation-leading 23.5 percent, higher than even the District of Columbia and far higher than Texas' 16.5 percent, even though California and Texas have very similar demographic profiles.
U-Haul offers a free-market measure of the relative success of state public policies. Renting a 20-foot moving van from Altadena, California to Austin, Texas costs $1,768. Going from Texas to California costs $656. U-Haul has to pay people to “dead head” empty trucks from Texas back to California to meet demand. In fact, some two million more Americans left California in the past 10 years than moved into the state. That's a lot of empty-moving-van trips.
One last illustration brings home California's coming pain. Most people know that California enacted the largest state tax increase in history last November. What few knows is that California enacted a two-year tax hike in February 2009 at the height of the recession. When that tax hike quietly expired in 2011, it was likely the biggest tax cut at the state level in history.
Here's where things get really interesting.
Starting with the end of the recession in June 2009, there were 19 months where California had higher taxes followed by 23 months of lower taxes. Then, last December, small business owners' taxes spiked back up. The employment data for this period speaks volumes. During the low-tax months, the number of jobs in California increased by 2.7 percent, the number of jobs in Texas increased by 4.3 percent and the number of jobs in the U.S. as a whole, minus the two biggest states, increased by 2.4 percent. So California did pretty well, slightly outpacing the national average.
But, during the 20 months of higher taxes, California lost about 1.1 percent of its jobs while Texas, which held the line on spending instead of increasing taxes, added 1.2 percent more jobs while the other 48 states lost 0.4 percent of their jobs.
So after the recession's official end, California lost jobs at almost triple the pace of the rest of the nation when it had higher taxes but it gained jobs faster than the national average during the two years when its taxes were lower.
Will Sacramento pay attention? Probably not. The current crowd in power conflates the health of the state government's balance sheet with the health of the state's economy.
They will soon learn that their massive tax increase is shrinking the state's tax base by driving not only the Phil Mickelsons of the world out of California, but thousands of working people too.
Chuck DeVore served in the California State Assembly from 2004 to 2010 and is now the vice president of communications for the Texas Public Policy Foundation. His new book, “The Texas Model: Prosperity in the Lone Star State and Lessons for America,” is available on Amazon.com.
NASA's key advisory body has heaped praise on the Agency's Commercial Crew Program (CCP), claiming the “diversified portfolio” of its two major partners will satisfy the requirements of competition. The Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel (ASAP) believes it will provide a “blessing” to NASA when it faces a future decision of downselecting to one main provider of crew services to the International Space Station.
Fight for the Right to Transport Crew:
The ASAP provides advice to the NASA top brass on a regular basis. Its panel members tour around the major NASA centers and meets with key managers before providing its findings to Administrator Charlie Bolden.
Led by ASAP Chair, VADM (Ret.) Joseph Dyer, the panel focus on Agency direction, with a passion for pointing out NASA's obligation towards crew safety requirements. The ASAP members don't usually pull their punches, as seen during the Shuttle extension debates and the early days of the Commercial Crew drive.
However, a softening of the ASAP's stance towards Commercial Crew has been observed over recent years, not least due to the current success of the program and the increasingly unpalatable reliance on Russia to provide the transportation requirements of NASA astronauts to an orbital outpost that was mostly paid for by the United States.
See Also CCP Vehicles Section
L2 SpaceX Section
L2 CCP Section
Click here to Join L2
However, the ongoing mitigation of concerns relating to the certification process appears to be the main reason the ASAP's turned its Commercial Crew frown upside down.
Minutes from the latest ASAP meeting claimed NASA is “engaging meaningfully” with the providers on the “challenges and processes” for certification, including disposition of waivers and deviations, while thanking the Agency managers for their “excellent in-depth and candid discussions”.
More interestingly, the minutes provide additional insights into the ASAP's current mood setting for the state of the Commercial Crew Program.
With the NASA managers reinforcing the Panel's belief in the value of maintaining competition in the Program, they ASAP praised the fact each provider brings very different approaches, philosophies, advantages, and risks to developing and building crew transportation.
While the two major CCP partners, SpaceX and Boeing, will actually join forces with the upcoming launch of the first International Docking Adaptor (IDA), they are both competitors in business and in the Commercial Crew arena.
VADM Dyer cited that the competition between the two companies is providing NASA with the “blessing” of a diversified portfolio.
“There are two competitors: Boeing, who has a hundred year legacy, and SpaceX, a new company in the space business.
“Challenges for Boeing are finding new ways of doing business, reducing cost, and increasing speed. Challenges on SpaceX are bringing innovations and a new way of doing business in a safe and efficient manner.”
VADM Dyer also appeared to be against the notion of downselecting to one partner ahead of time, as has been intimated as a cost-saving option by some lawmakers.
“The thinking there is: If you need a house, why would you want to build two houses? Why not select one?” added the minutes. “VADM Dyer opined that it is a ‘very complicated house.' The ASAP believes that competition brings the best of both providers to the fore.
“It also allows NASA to watch these two approaches and companies mature before making a downselect. The Panel stands foursquare in support of competition, as does NASA.”
It was also notable that NASA managers responded by stressing the ongoing discrepancy between the requested budgets for the Program and what has been appropriated.
With the two companies under fixed-price contracts, it was noted that it is important for all to recognize that if NASA does not receive the appropriations that it is counting on, it will have a very significant impact on schedule, and we will end up relying on the Russians beyond the 2017 target.
The current state of play shows SpaceX in pole position to conduct the first test mission to the ISS. That Dragon 2 mission, designated SpX-DM1, has a December, 2016 launch date, ahead of a 30 day mission ending with a parachute assisted landing in the Pacific ocean.
Just this week the California-based company received $30 million of NASA money for passing its Pad Abort test milestone under the Commercial Crew Integrated Capability (CCiCap) agreement.
“This is the first major flight test for a vehicle that will bring astronauts to space for the entire Commercial Crew Program,” noted Gwynne Shotwell, president of SpaceX. “The successful test validated key predictions as it relates to the transport of astronauts to the space station.
“With NASA's support, SpaceX continues to make excellent and rapid progress in making the Crew Dragon spacecraft the safest and most reliable vehicle ever flown.”
For Boeing, its CST-100 will first launch on an uncrewed test flight to the Station via the Boe-OFT mission in April, 2017 – on a 30 days mission, ending with a parachute assisted return.
SpaceX would then conduct the SpX-DM2 crewed flight, launching in April of 2017 on a 14 day mission, to be followed by Boe-CFT crewed mission, launching in July, 2017 on a 14 day mission to the ISS.
The CCP recently ordered the first NASA crew rotation mission (USCV-1) from Boeing, with SpaceX expected to receive its first order later this year, with the determination of which company will fly its mission to the station first to be made at a later time.
It is hoped an arrangement can be reached where both commercial crew providers will remain available to NASA over an extended period of operational capability deep into the 2020s, in turn providing redundancy. However, this will depend on future – unknown – funding allocations at the political level.
(Images: via NASA, SpaceX, Boeing and L2's SpaceX and CST-100 Sections, including renderings created by L2 Artist Nathan Koga – Click here for full resolution F9, F9-R, FH, Dragon 2, BFR and MCT renderings and more – with those not official SpaceX images.)
(Click here: http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/l2/ – to view how you can support NSF's running costs and access the best space flight content on the entire internet)
Haskell is a pure functioning programming language created over 20 years ago by researchers from a consortium of major universities. It is sustained and enhanced by an enthusiastic and dedicated global open-source community. Haskell's approach is fundamentally different from other imperative languages (Java, C family, Python etc.) dominant today. Haskell programs are a series of high-level generalizable functions that define what the program is intended to do, and the programmer focuses on the objective, the best design and ensuring the logic is correct.
Haskell is a leap forward from traditional programming's series of low-level instructions telling the computer exactly how to calculate things in minute, step-by-step order. Haskell frees the programmer from many of these minutiae, and drastically reduces the time spent finding and correcting errors. At the same time, it provides native support for high-performance, multicore, scalable computing.
Watch our short Introduction to Haskell video to understand why developers prefer Haskell over other programming languages.
Learning resources
One of the best online resources for learning Haskell and Haskell-related topics is the School of Haskell, packed with tutorials and books with interactive code snippets, contributed by well-known Haskell authors and community members.
Benefits of Haskell
Strategic Benefits of Haskell
Reduce the high rate of software project failure and billions of dollars wasted on the bug fix/maintenance/rewrite cycle
Accelerate time to market by 30-50%
Improve product quality
Increase programmer productivity
Scale up dramatically, with included support for multi-core and cloud computing
Improve data quality with Haskell's powerful, extensible data type system
These real-world case studies describe how several companies achieved faster time to market, better quality, and better scalability by using Haskell in their professional work. We've included examlpes of companies switching to Haskell from other languages, or using a mixture of Haskell and other languages.
Key Features of Haskell
Cut code size by 50-80%
Dramatically cut errors
Significantly reduce time for finding and fixing errors—fewer errors and fixing them at compile time, not run-time
Easy code maintenance and rework without introducing new errors (no more spaghetti code)
Much more secure—much fewer holes to exploit
Built-in concurrency and parallel processing boost performance
Domains
Haskell is the right choice for organizations needing:
Big Data broadly defined: data analysis, modeling, simulation
Fast time to market or prototyping
High-quality correct code
Frequently changing applications
Easy maintenance
High security
Markets currently using Haskell
Financial services (especially trading & contracts)
Hardware & software design
Energy
Big Pharma & biotech
Consumer data
Scientific computing
Web applications
Download Haskell
For everything you need to get started with Haskell, you need The Haskell Stack.
Downloads are available by operating system:
Go into a Haskell project directory and run stack build . If everything is already configured, this will:
Download the package index.
Download and install all necessary dependencies for the project.
Build and install the project.
You may be prompted to run some of the following along the way:
stack new to create a brand-new project.
to create a brand-new project. stack init to create a stack configuration file for an existing project. stack will figure out what Stackage release (LTS or nightly) is appropriate for the dependencies.
to create a stack configuration file for an existing project. stack will figure out what Stackage release (LTS or nightly) is appropriate for the dependencies. stack setup to download and install the correct GHC version in an isolated location (default ~/.stack ) that won't interfere with any system-level installations. (For information on installation paths, please use the stack path command.)
If you just want to install an executable using stack, then all you have to do is stack install <package-name> .
A Curious Case Of 💩.length == 2
Vitaly Gordon Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 7, 2017
I was debugging a very strange case with one of my Node.js projects recently. It prints my output formatted (with the as-table module) into a nicely-looking ASCII table layout:
For the sake of even greater niceness, I tried replacing that “time” title with the 🕑 symbol from Unicode…
Whoa. Something wrong happened, obviously. Quite quickly I discovered that the computed length of symbol 🕑 turned out to be 2!
Initially, I suspected a bug in the module that incorrectly determined the true optical length of a string (it's the printable-characters that does the job, BTW). WTF? Looks like you can't rely on str.length to get its rendered length: you have to strip zero-width characters and ANSI escape sequences first, otherwise your string might end up being wider than it actually is!
So, I thought that 🕑 .length could be erroneously computed as 2 , and that miscalculation lead to an observed disruption of the table's layout. That happens because the “clock”-symbol occupies multiple Unicode code points or something, and the built-in .length just isn't smart enough to manage it. Here's a thorough explanation of the issue and I highly recommend reading it:
…but then, suddenly, I realized one more thing. The actual visible width of 🕑 might be “2” indeed, from VSCode:
A screenshot from the VSCode editor
But not quite… As you can see, it is not exactly 2 nor 1(and that puts things out of alignment). But how do various console terminals render it? Check it out in VSCode's Integrated Terminal:
I've highlighted the “🕑” with the text selection
…and the built-in terminal app from macOS:
I put my cursor at “🕑” to highlight it's location.
It seems that popular terminals render everything strictly monospaced, and it's up to the user himself to put an empty space after each of those new fancy Unicode glyphs, to make room for them in a monospaced grid, manually:
Same thing with a whitespace added after the “🕑”
Thus, our initial suggestion must have been true, and we should've patched printable-characters , enabling it to comprehend those symbols. The article referenced above helped me a lot with that task. So all essential bits required for a proper ASCII layout now work like a charm without breaking on zero-width characters, Emojis and ANSI escape codes:
// determining the real length of a string
strlen ('💩') === 1
// getting first N visible symbols
first ('💩23456789', 3) === '💩23'
// filling with whitespace
blank ('\t💩foo') === '\t '
Yay! Now the as-table is capable of rendering those fancy characters nicely:
About the Author
I'm a member of the developer team behind the open-source cross-language CCXT Library (available for JavaScript, Python or PHP). The library is used to connect and trade with more than 85 cryptocurrency exchanges worldwide.
HANOVER, N.J. – He's never been one to talk about personal accolades. Perhaps that's why Bradley Wright-Phillips could only laugh when congratulated on his latest accolade.
“What award are we talking about? Player of the Week? Oh, yeah. Thank you.”
Notching a brace against New York City FC, the award was well deserved, but Wright-Phillips was more concerned with the team, as usual.
“This kind of things are good to hear—you know that you played alright—but they don't do anything for the team,” he said. “You can get that and lose the game, so I'm just happy with the way we played.”
Of course, those personal accolades are starting to add up, as the Englishman continues to etch his name alongside all-time Red Bull greats.
Notching his 50th goal on Saturday afternoon, Wright-Phillips stands just one goal behind Thierry Henry and eight goals behind Juan Pablo Angel.
“To be associated with this kind of players, you're doing something right,” he told NewYorkRedBulls.com. “I still got a few more goals to get, and God willing it happens. It's a nice thing to achieve.”
For those who know him best, his latest achievement comes at little surprise. Going back a long way, Lloyd Sam never had much doubt in his teammate's ability.
“I've known about him for a long time since when we played with the U-19s together in the England team. That was a long time ago,” he said. “It doesn't surprise me that much, I see it every day in training. It's just nice to see him get more goals, and against that team especially. It's great to see him hit 50.”
Rising through the ranks, Wright-Phillips has hardly found success by accident. Never the most physically imposing player, the forward has always found a way to get the job done.
He has quality; you can see it in the different kind of goals he can score,” head coach Jesse Marsch said. “It's hard to do one particular thing to shut him down because he can beat you with speed, cleverness, he can finish from distance, he's good with his head; he's a complete striker. He just fits what we do perfectly.”
But more than his work on the field, Marsch was quick to point to the kind of person Wright-Phillips is off the pitch. Tireless and modest in his efforts, Wright-Phillips rightly stands alongside the greats as he continues his ascension.
“Brad is an amazing person,” Marsch added. “He's one of the most humble, big-time players I've ever been around. His work ethic is unparalleled for a player who plays his position in this league.
“I always go back to the kind of guy he is. That's what impresses me more than anything. That's what's helped him to elevate himself.”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE NEW YORK RED BULLS EMAIL NEWSLETTER
Of the certainties in life, such as life, death and taxes, is the fact that LibreOffice needs a new�interface.
And that's not me be being picky, but supportive of open-source's premier office suite.
The ‘good news' is that LibreOffice developers know this and discussion towards overhauling the tired look of the application set have been ongoing for a while.
Amongst the interface proposal currently�being discussed on the LibreOffice mailing list�is the modern-looking�‘Citrus‘.
The Citrus UI is more than a�rearranging of existing elements; it proposes natural and�intuitive�additions to the LibreOffice experience.
One such example is the ‘floatbar' – a UI element that appears above selected text with a minimal set of buttons for quick edits.
The design documents suggest that toolbar be contextual. So, for example, ‘Cut' or ‘Copy' items only appear when something that can be ‘cut' or ‘copied' is selected.
The design document proposes extending this ‘context aware' mode to the menus of LibreOffice; although because Ubuntu uses a global menu it would be unable to benefit from such an adaptive change.
No decision
No�decision on whether to use the Citrus UI or its elements has been agreed upon yet, but from the feedback�Citrus�has�received�thus far it is certainly heading in the right direction.
Learning More
To learn more about Citrus, its concept and its design you can head over to the designers blog @ clickortap.wordpress.com/
What do you think of Citrus? What ideas would you like to see in LibreOffice? Let us know in the comments below
With thanks to Alex W.
Amid rumors in recent weeks about the Washington Redskins' interest in potential free agent quarterback Peyton Manning, offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan was given a chance to speak on the subject Friday when he joined Kevin Sheehan and Thom Loverro on ESPN980's 'The Sports Fix'.
"Everybody knows Peyton Manning is, if not the best quarterback to ever play the game, he's tied for it," Shanahan said of Manning, who is expected to be released by the Colts before he is to cash in on a $28 million dollar option in March.
Many are concerned that Manning's age (will be 36 in March) combined with his recovering neck injury may be a cause for concern for a quarterback-needy team like the Redskins to try to sign him should he become available.
But Shanahan was quick to note that health, not age, would be his only concern should the Redskins attempt to acquire the four-time NFL MVP.
"I know he's up there in age, but if he's healthy, age is not an issue," said Shanahan. "That guy takes care of his body..his arm's not leaving. He can take the hits. You just hope his neck's alright, and he'll be Peyton Manning."
With quarterback being such a glaring need for the Redskins, it seems logical that should Manning become available, that the team would at the very least entertain that option, if granted a clean bill of health.
"If he can recover," Shanahan continued, "and the doctors say he's healthy, and he says he's healthy, then that's enough for me."
The full audio of Shanahan's interview can be found here.
For more on the Redskins, please visit Hogs Haven, SB Nation's Redskins blog. For more on the Colts, visit Stampede Blue and SB Nation Indiana.
Nearly five decades after the Six-Day War, the IDF and Israeli Defense Ministry have declassified two-way radio recordings from the first operation of Israel's preemptive battle to take out the air forces of Egypt, Jordan and Syria — as well as documents detailing and summarizing the sorties, the Hebrew media reported on Sunday.
According to the news site nrg, one of the documents referring to the war's opening battle, code-named “Operation Focus,” has a section titled: “The Mission – to paralyze the air force of the enemy by striking its runways and destroying most of its [war] planes on the ground.”
The main people heard on the walkie-talkie recordings are Shmuel Kislev, chief Israel Air Force (IAF) controller; IAF Commander Maj. Gen. Mordechai (Motti) Hod; Menahem Zahavi, commander of the controller unit in Mitzpe Ramon; Yitzhak Barkan, commander of the northern unit; and Robert Amit, commander of the southern unit.
During the battle over the Megiddo airfield, Kislev is heard calling out to the commander of the northern unit, “Barkan! Take one pair to wait in the Damascus area…” Barkan is heard answering: “There are more MiGs…on the ground; the landing strip was destroyed, but there are more planes on the ground…”
In one of the recordings, an unidentified person is heard asking Kislev: “Do you want a report on Amman?” When Kislev answers in the affirmative, he is told: “One runway was hit and a MiG destroyed. Can't see more MIGs…”
Another recording refers to Syria.
“Are structures there under attack?” someone asks.
Kislev answers, “Yes.”
In yet another recording, two unidentified speakers have this exchange:
“Alex.” “Yes.” “What's new?” “What's new? There's a lot of news. Many of their planes were downed.” “How many?” “More than 10 MiG 21s in the air were destroyed and more on the ground. Many more.”
The first wave of strikes in the Six-Day War were carried out over the Sinai Peninsula, and lasted for 101 minutes. There were 183 sorties in total, of which 173 were for the purpose of attacking the airports and the rest were for photographing and patrolling. The aim of the first wave was to hit as many planes on the ground as possible and to put the landing strips out of commission.
One third of all sorties in the entire war took place in the first wave. According to Hod's testimony, the reason so much energy was invested in the operation was that there was a serious and concrete threat to Tel Aviv.
Throughout Operation Focus, 26 enemy radar stations were attacked, and those that remained were looted.
The Six-Day War was launched on the morning of June 5, 1967, with Operation Focus, which destroyed the bulk of the Egyptian Air Force. By noon, the Egyptian, Jordanian and Syrian Air Forces, with about 450 aircraft, were destroyed. It is considered one of the most successful air campaigns in military history.
In June, Israel will mark the 50th anniversary of the war with celebrations over the reunification of Jerusalem.
Listen to two of the released recordings from Operation Focus below:
Source: The Algemeiner by Ruthie Blum
Last year, a banana was thrown at Wayne Simmonds during a preseason game in London, Ont., and unfortunately, that seems to be just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to this stuff.
As you know, Simmonds and Blues forward Chris Stewart left their small-town team in Germany, ETC Crimmitschau, to join the Liberec in the far-superior Czech Extraliga. Playing on Sunday in Chomutov, a town two and a half hours west of Liberec, Simmonds was involved in a scuffle.
As it was broken up, visiting fans then chanted "Opice, opice!," which translates to "Monkey, monkey!" in English.
See the video here. Simmonds, wearing No. 71 in the white jersey, skates in towards the end of the fight. You can hear the chants shortly after that.
To their credit, Piráti Chomutov were quite active in denouncing the action from their fans. They called on them to stop while the incident was happening, apologized publicly shortly after the game, and then on Monday sent a letter of apology directly to Simmonds. It reads as follows:
Dear Mr. Simmonds, We would like to express regret about chanting that sounded from part of audience at the end of the match between Pirates Chomutov and White Tigers Liberec. We damn this behaviour and do not identify with it. We do not consider our fans people that participated in racist chanting. We do not agree with racism in any form. Please accept our honest apology for this behaviour. Management, players and partners of Pirates Chomutov
Kudos to Piráti Chomutov for handling this with dignity. Shame on this group of their fans.
h/t Puck Daddy
Jeremy Schneider writes…
Hey Mike, I have nothing but respect for you. Your no-nonsense outlook and incredible eloquence have really had a profound impact in my life. Can you please encourage your huge following to go out and vote this election? I would never impose on you by asking you to advocate one politician over another, but I do feel this election could really use your help. I know that there are many people out there who feel like there is nothing they can do. Please try to use your gifts to make them see that they can do something – that their vote counts.
Hi Jeremy
Thanks for the kind words. I appreciate it. I also share your concern for our country, and agree wholeheartedly that every vote counts. However, I'm afraid I can't encourage millions of people whom I've never met to just run out and cast a ballot, simply because they have the right to vote. That would be like encouraging everyone to buy an AR-15, simply because they have the right to bear arms. I would need to know a few things about them before offering that kind of encouragement. For instance, do they know how to care for a weapon? Can they afford the cost of the weapon? Do they have a history of violence? Are they mentally stable? In short, are they responsible citizens?
Casting a ballot is not so different. It's an important right that we all share, and one that impacts our society in dramatic fashion. But it's one thing to respect and acknowledge our collective rights, and quite another thing to affirmatively encourage people I've never met to exercise them. And yet, my friends in Hollywood do that very thing, and they're at it again.
Every four years, celebrities and movie stars look earnestly into the camera and tell the country to “get out and vote.” They tell us it's our “most important civic duty,” and they speak as if the very act of casting a ballot is more important than the outcome of the election. This strikes me as somewhat hysterical. Does anyone actually believe that Leonardo DiCaprio, Ellen DeGeneres, and Ed Norton would encourage the “masses” to vote, if they believed the “masses” would elect Donald Trump?
Regardless of their political agenda, my celebrity pals are fundamentally mistaken about our “civic duty” to vote. There is simply no such thing. Voting is a right, not a duty, and not a moral obligation. Like all rights, the right to vote comes with some responsibilities, but lets face it – the bar is not set very high. If you believe aliens from another planet walk among us, you are welcome at the polls. If you believe the world is flat, and the moon landing was completely staged, you are invited to cast a ballot. Astrologists, racists, ghost-hunters, sexists, and people who rely upon a Magic 8 Ball to determine their daily wardrobe are all allowed to participate. In fact, and to your point, they're encouraged.
The undeniable reality is this: our right to vote does not require any understanding of current events, or any awareness of how our government works. So, when a celebrity reminds the country that “everybody's vote counts,” they are absolutely correct. But when they tell us that “everybody in the country should get out there and vote,” regardless of what they think or believe, I gotta wonder what they're smoking.
Look at our current candidates. No one appears to like either one of them. Their approval ratings are at record lows. It's not about who you like more, it's about who you hate less. Sure, we can blame the media, the system, and the candidates themselves, but let's be honest – Donald and Hillary are there because we put them there. The electorate has tolerated the intolerable. We've treated this entire process like the final episode of American Idol. What did we expect?
So no, Jeremy – I can't personally encourage everyone in the country to run out and vote. I wouldn't do it, even if I thought it would benefit my personal choice. Because the truth is, the country doesn't need voters who have to be cajoled, enticed, or persuaded to cast a ballot. We need voters who wish to participate in the process. So if you really want me to say something political, how about this – read more.
Spend a few hours every week studying American history, human nature, and economic theory. Start with “Economics in One Lesson.” Then try Keynes. Then Hayek. Then Marx. Then Hegel. Develop a worldview that you can articulate as well as defend. Test your theory with people who disagree with you. Debate. Argue. Adjust your philosophy as necessary. Then, when the next election comes around, cast a vote for the candidate whose worldview seems most in line with your own.
Or, don't. None of the freedoms spelled out in our Constitution were put there so people could cast uninformed ballots out of some misplaced sense of civic duty brought on by a celebrity guilt-trip. The right to assemble, to protest, to speak freely – these rights were included to help assure that the best ideas and the best candidates would emerge from the most transparent process possible.
Remember – there's nothing virtuous or patriotic about voting just for the sake of voting, and the next time someone tells you otherwise, do me a favor – ask them who they're voting for. Then tell them you're voting for their opponent. Then, see if they'll give you a ride to the polls.
In the meantime, dig into “Economics in One Lesson,” by Henry Hazlitt. It sounds like a snooze but it really is a page turner, and you can download it for free.
Mike Rowe is a television host, narrator and actor best known for the show “Dirty Jobs.” This piece is reprinted from his Facebook page.
Stories of mishandling and outright ignoring cases of sexual assault within religious institutions go back decades.
Christian school via Shutterstock
When Samantha Field was deciding where to go to college, she had precious few options. As a woman who had grown up in an independent fundamentalist Baptist household, it was unusual for her to go to college in the first place. She lived in Florida, a short drive from Pensacola Christian College. It seemed like the obvious choice—her family could afford it without loans (the school is unaccredited), and she liked the music faculty she had met on a summer program. And, she says, the notoriously strict honor code was actually more lax than the rules in her church. “It allowed knee-length skirts and sitting at the same table as boys, or next to a boy during church. Initially, I felt liberated,” she told me.
But by the time Field reached her junior and senior years, she had undergone numerous sexual assaults at the hands of her then-fiancé. When she broke off the relationship and was honest about the toxic abuse she had been a victim of, she found herself shunned by much of the student body, and she was disillusioned. She couldn't transfer out of the school because her credits wouldn't go anywhere due to the school's lack of accreditation. She would have to start over if she left. So she stayed and endured. “It got so bad that I stopped going anywhere in public—I had a friend who was a [graduate assistant] and she had a kitchen, so I would get up, go to my classes, and then hide in her room for the rest of the day,” she told me. “Being around campus was agony.”
Field's story is unfortunately not unusual in the world of fundamentalist Christian schools. Students attend because these schools advertise themselves as safe places, which is key to parental support. For many women, it is their first time out from under the rigid restrictions of their fundamentalist household—it allows them to feel like a normal American woman for once. Unfortunately, for many, this comes with the experience of being sexually assaulted by a boyfriend or a friend. And when this happens, many women find themselves rejected by their church and their school.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
President Obama recently announced an initiative to curb rape on campuses across the United States. It is a well-known problem that rapes and sexual assaults that happen on campus are often handled in-house, without police interference. Often, there is little to no punishment for the rapists, and their victims are made to feel shame and guilt for reporting at all.
Fundamentalist and evangelical Christians often hold up these kinds of stories as examples of how “the world” is corrupt. Christian colleges bank on the idea that they are safer because they are a faith-based environment—the sexual sins of rape supposedly don't happen on their campuses.
A number of recent revelations have proven this assertion wrong. From Bob Jones University to Pensacola to Cedarville to Patrick Henry to Hyles-Anderson College, Christian colleges are plagued by accusations at once familiar and strange: College counselors asking rape victims leading questions about their potential guilt, a lack of reporting to authorities, and failure to punish the rapist are all problems known to those who study incidences of rape at colleges and universities.
But in the Christian environment, the fundamentalist theology surrounding sexual activity and purity creates another layer of shame and guilt. A theology that positions the colleges as better and safer than their secular counterparts also creates an environment in which a person coming forward about rape risks being seen as “impure” and “broken.”
For example, Field recently reported that in 2003 another Pensacola Christian College student was attacked by her then-boyfriend, bound and gagged, and left in a construction site on campus after being raped. The student sought the help of a school counselor, but instead of receiving needed help and victim services, she was expelled for being a “fornicator.” She left campus while her injuries from the rape—a bruised face and a broken arm—were still healing. (The school's president said in a recent statement that the school “has upheld the law, will continue to uphold the law, reports criminal acts when we are made knowledgeable of them, and fully cooperates with any investigation.” In response, Field wrote that she had heard directly from “a PCC staffer who was expressly forbidden—by three people in the administration—from reporting a child sexual assault to the police and [was] informed [by those three individuals] … that they would not make a report.” She says this “was confirmed by other staffers.” She acknowledges that it was not illegal, in 2011, for the school not to report the assault.)
The student's expulsion and treatment by the college is directly tied to the perceived sin of having sex outside of marriage. It was apparently considered worse that she was now “impure” than that she had been raped. To her knowledge, her rapist was never confronted or punished, and went on to graduate.
Some students are attracted to campuses like PCC because of their strict honor code. Field tells me that students were required to sign an agreement to “obey to abide by the school's restrictions and to acknowledge that PCC maintained the right to expel us at any point for any reason. It was also an agreement never to sue the school for anything.” The honor code, now referred to as “The Pathway,” contains such restrictions as what students can and cannot wear in the interest of modesty and purity, and explicitly states that any sex outside of a heterosexual marriage is “a perversion.”
Honor codes like PCC's appear at Christian colleges around the United States. I attended a Christian liberal arts institution that had similar teachings on sex and purity, though we did not have to sign an honor code, and it was easier to get around the rules than at some places. Though PCC is often held up as an extreme example of legalism, the school is not nearly as much of an outlier as it is made to seem.
This theology about premarital sex creates a purity culture that is also a rape culture. The ways in which Christian colleges handle rape cases place this rape culture in harsh relief.
At Bob Jones University (BJU), students who report a sexual assault or rape are put through a ringer of questions about their sexual purity. The impression seems to be that if someone was already engaged in sexual sin, then rape is a kind of natural consequence to such behavior. Jeffrey Hoffman, a former student who is now the executive director of BJUnity, a group developed to support LGBT students and alumni from BJU, told me, “It's a common assumption that people are sexually bad and have to be prevented from being sexually bad by living to strict rules. There is no talk about consent.”
The culture on campus, Hoffman says, operates within a system of tattling: “Spiritual leadership positions are generally given to those who rat out others for infractions of the rules, and the students face a lot of pressure to tattle on their friends.” This makes it hard to discuss problems with the way the administration handles a case of rape or sexual assault, or to seek outside help for such a case.
Similarly, as Kiera Feldman reported in the New Republic, the evangelical institution Patrick Henry College has experienced insularity when it comes to cases of rape and sexual assault. Cedarville University in Ohio, too, is currently undergoing a Title IX investigation in response to allegations that the school mishandled cases of rape that happened to students while on campus.
Stories of covering up and outright ignoring cases of sexual assault within religious institutions go back decades. In the 1980s, the Association of Baptists for World Evangelism (ABWE) terminated the tenure of Donn Ketcham for having what was reportedly referred to in the ABWE community as an “affair” with a 14-year-old girl—but only after they made the girl sign a “confession” of how she “participated in a physical relationship with Dr. Donn Ketcham that transgressed God's Word and that was not pleasing to Him.” In 2011, ABWE issued an apology for its actions, both in the 1980s and in the years since, pledging to further investigate multiple incidents of Ketcham's “inappropriate behavior with the opposite sex.” This pledge only lasted two years, however, as they fired their independent investigator in 2013.
This is purity culture as rape culture in action.
The desire to set themselves apart from the secular world at large has led numerous Christian institutions to pretend that rape is not a problem, even in the most clear-cut of cases. I spoke to Tamara Rice, a former missionary kid with ABWE and a current child advocate. In Rice's opinion, the theology of ABWE (theology mirrored by Christian colleges across the country) contributed greatly to their mishandling of cases of rape. Such mishandling, Rice said, is likely a result of “their beliefs about women's worth combined with their beliefs about abuse—a lack of conviction that it is not the victim's fault—and also what I would call their theology of reputation, meaning their belief that the ministry as a whole couldn't survive the truth being told about one individual.”
This delicate dance between the theology that places women and survivors into a lower class of people, and the theology that says “the world is watching, put up a good front,” has made the falls from grace at Christian colleges all the greater. The complicated web of bad theologies, fragile reputations, and lack of oversight will only come to an end when conservative Christians are willing to look their own theology in the face and acknowledge its effects. As Hoffman put it in a statement to me:
It is a performance-based, sex-negative, body-shaming, legalistic system of moralizing (or “Christlikeness,” as they often term it). There is no room for genuine grace, no room for mercy, no room for substantive disagreement or even the slightest disagreement over doctrine or its application. Authoritarian systems don't generally operate with transparency. They also tend to be abusive.
Until the theological problem of top-down authority is addressed, more students will be victimized. More students will find themselves without recourse. And more lives will be ruined.
March 30, 2009 – Dr. Dime
With the NCAA Men's Basketball Final Four less than a week away, I can't help but get filled with anticipation of what the Final Four matches will bring. Every year there are huge personal performances by players, and great team plays. But nothing beats a good old fashioned nail biting buzzer beater, right?
Just thinking about the possibility of seeing the next great buzzer beater has me amped for the weekend. Let's take a look at some video replay of what I believe are the Top 5 NCAA Final Four Buzzer Beater's of All-time:
#5 – Tate George: UConn vs. Clemson in 1990
#4 – Rip Hamilton – UConn vs. Washington in 1998
#3 – Keith Smart – Indiana vs. Syracuse in 1987
#2 – Lorenzo Charles – N.C. State vs. Houston in 1983
#1 – Christian Laettner: Duke vs. Kentucky in 1992
Donald Cerrone may have apologized to Daniel Cormier for his rash assessment of his wrestling-based attack on Anderson Silva this past weekend, but one man isn't going to let it lie just yet--Ben Askren.Speaking at the UFC Fan Expo just one day after Cormier defeated Silva, Cerrone gave a somewhat harsh opinion on the American's performance at UFC 200 to Q&A host Jon Gooden. Having heard about Cerrone's comments, Askren took to his Facebook page to give his own view on what Cerrone had said.In typical Askren fashion, he certainly didn't hold his feelings back."I want to address the recent comments made by Donald Cerrone because they are just so ridiculous and embarrassing," Askren said. "From an intelligence standpoint, this guy just doesn't get it."Donald, listen up here. I know you want everyone to just think you are so tough, the toughest guy around. But, listen, if you were so freaking tough you'd learn how to stop a friggin takedown. This whole mentality to think that the only way you can prove you're tough is if you stand and bang; that was a theory made up by weak ass strikers who couldn't learn how to stop a takedown.He continued. "I never heard that line out of GSP or Aldo. Those guys came from a striking background but those guys were tough enough to learn how to stop a few takedowns. My god--what a freakin concept."The ONE Championship welterweight champion then gave Cerrone some advice."If you fight mixed martial arts you need to learn how to stop a takedown," Askren said. "You might want to learn how to stuff one of those. Get tough, get in the wrestling room and figure something out. "You are never going to be a champion unless you get a little more intelligent and learn to stick to a game plan. It's just not on the cards it's just not going to happen for you."Askren then had a clear message to Cerrone about what would happen if the two of them ever met in the cage."If you [Cerrone] are going to say, 'Askren you suck, all you do is lay on top of guys, I'd kick your ass'," Askren said. "Well 'A', no you wouldn't kick my ass, it would actually be a very, very easy night for me. And 'B', your response shows the level of intelligence that I think you have and I know you have."Your line of reasoning is embarrassing for humanity and it's disgusting. If you are half as tough as you talk or you think you are, somewhere in over the decade of mixed martial arts you've done you would have learned how to stop a takedown but you are weak and you aren't smart."
Even if substantive foreign policy debates don't win or lose this election any more decisively than they've won or lost others, we're about to hear a lot of references to ISIL.
When the party leaders argue with each other about Canada's place in the world, their conversation hopefully won't be limited to security threats. Those are important, but Canada's international relationships are marked by plenty of other important challenges, and the leaders ought to talk about them as well.
Here are three now, before the first debate, with a few more to come after it.
FOREIGN AID
The issues
A Canadian prime minister led the group that proposed the overseas development assistance target that the world still uses today; you'd think that Canada would meet it. Thanks in part to Lester B. Pearson, Canada and other countries committed to giving 0.7 per cent of our gross national income (GNI) to overseas development assistance. Nearly five decades and a couple recessions later, the majority of Canadians still support foreign aid. And a slight majority still believes that the budget for foreign aid should be increased.
The majority isn't getting its way. As the University of Ottawa's Professor Stephen Brown wrote in 2014, “Among the 28 industrialized countries belonging to the Development Assistance Committee, only debt-ridden Portugal cut aid more drastically than Canada (in 2013). Not even Greece, in the throes of austerity, cut aid as deeply in Canada — despite the fact that … we weathered the recent financial crisis better than any other G8 country.”
Canada's overall aid spending is now lower than it's been in a decade, according to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. We part with only 0.24 per cent of our GNI, while the UK has met the 0.7 per cent target two years in a row. And some critics say that Canada has made some cuts underhandedly; in 2012-13, for instance, it effectively pocketed about 10 per cent of what it budgeted for aid.
But the issue with Canadian foreign aid isn't just how much we give: it's how we give. Brown and other experts say that Canada's motives for aid are unclear. We're emphasizing poverty reduction less and commercial interests more by, for example, prioritizing work with mining companies in middle-income countries in the Americas over work with NGOs in poorer African states.
The questions
Leaders ought to spell out why they think aid is important, or defend why it shouldn't be a priority. Who should benefit from aid? Why has Canada missed the 0.7 per cent target so dramatically? Why or why not might Canada firmly commit to meeting the target in the future? If Canada continues to miss the target, what might be the long-term consequences for our country? For the world? Why or why not should Canada prioritize extreme poverty? What is the proper role of private sector actors in aid projects, if any? Is it important that Canada give the amount that it promises? And what are the leaders' broader visions for how Canadian foreign aid can be most effective and ethical?
Related
INTERNATIONAL JUSTICE
The issues
Canada's relationship with international justice is complicated, and three complications are especially worth talking about: the state of Canada's federal War Crimes Program, Canada's marginalization of the International Criminal Court (ICC), and Canada's making it very difficult for survivors of atrocities to seek compensation through its courts.
First, Canada doesn't prioritize the investigation and prosecution of war crimes within the country. More than 1,000 suspected war criminals live in Canada. Hundreds have been deported from Canada. Only two have been tried in Canada. The budget of Canada's federal War Crimes Program hasn't increased since the program was first introduced 10 years ago, and the vast majority of its budget — over 90 per cent — goes to shipping suspected war criminals off to other countries, not investigating and putting war criminals on trial.
Second, Canada has actively tried to marginalize the ICC. Then-Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird, remarkably, threatened “consequences” for Palestine if it went to the court. Which is to say, a representative from a liberal-democratic state openly tried to intimidate another actor so that it wouldn't seek justice through a nonviolent liberal institution. It's the type of behaviour that may hurt both the state and the institution.
Finally, Canada's State Immunity Act prevents most atrocity survivors from seeking compensation from governments that victimized them. This is despite the efforts of some advocates and parliamentarians to create a human rights exception to Canada's general rule that you can't sue a foreign government. Canada does, however, now eliminate immunity when terrorism has been committed. Just not when genocide has been committed. Or torture. Or war crimes. Or crimes against humanity.
The questions
The leaders should answer if and how they would support justice for atrocity survivors. Why or why not should those who commit atrocities face prosecution? What sort of political or financial support should be given to the young ICC, if any, to help it grow into a strong and widely respected institution? Should Canada increase funding for the federal War Crimes Program, and how should its funding be used? What is the logic of Canada allowing civil suits against states that sponsor terrorism, while generally granting immunity to states that commit genocide, torture and war crimes? And what are the leaders' broader visions for how Canada might lead or step away from international justice?
CANADIANS ABROAD
The issues
The community of Canadians who live overseas is big, and might be getting bigger. At last estimate, it was nearly a tenth the size of Canada's population, according to the Asia Pacific Foundation (AFP). AFP surveys reveal that the majority of this significant demographic intend to return to Canada, and that the majority of Canadians within Canada believe that expats should have the same rights as all citizens.
Size and sentiment hasn't completely protected Canada's expat population. Despite their large numbers and strong attachments to Canada, many expats say that Canadian policies treat them like second-class citizens: their votes have been restricted and their ability to pass their citizenship to their descendants has been limited.
The concern is that we may cut off our expatriate citizens to spite our country. Scholars, foreign correspondents, business people and aid workers overseas may be uniquely positioned to bridge Canada with the countries they live in. By snipping some of their strongest ties of citizenship, Canada could risk letting an enormous source of information, advocacy and informal ambassadorship float away.
The questions
Leaders ought to explain to Canadians whether they'll encourage Canadian expats to serve Canadian interests while overseas, and how they might go about doing that. How could Canada support professional networks between Canadian expats and Canadians back home? How might it partner with Canadian post-secondary institutions to stay connected to Canadian alumni abroad? When Canadians return to Canada, how could their transition into the job market be more seamless? And what are the leaders' broader visions for the expat community: why should they be actively distanced from Canada or why should they be brought closer?
The party leaders may mention none of these issues while they debate each other. Still, the rest of us can always think about them when we vote.
Shannon Gormley is a Canadian journalist.
Trump on CNN now, starting to lose it over @megynkelly. — S.V. Dáte (@svdate) March 21, 2016
What else is new?
Trump thinks Megyn Kelly should pay him to troll her … https://t.co/qMO5ZzspBW — Aaron Gardner (@Aaron_RS) March 21, 2016
Despite insisting (repeatedly) that Megyn Kelly is the one with the problem, Donald Trump is once again invoking her name:
Trump just said @megynkelly should give him half her salary — Stephen Gutowski (@StephenGutowski) March 21, 2016
Oh, then he said Megyn Kelly should give him half of her salary. — Matt Ford (@fordm) March 21, 2016
Tr*mp now asks for half of Megyn Kelly's salary. Nuts. — Jim Swift (@JSwiftTWS) March 21, 2016
Donald Trump on Megyn Kelly: "She should give me at least half of her salary." — Phil Elliott (@Philip_Elliott) March 21, 2016
Trump pulls a Kanye-on-Taylor Swift, says Megyn Kelly would be nothing without him, should give him half her salary — Nick Wing (@nickpwing) March 21, 2016
"She should give me at least half of her salary" – Donald Trump, taking credit for @megynkelly's success — Sara Murray (@SaraMurray) March 21, 2016
Trump on Megyn Kelly: “She's hotter now than she's ever been. She should pay me half of her salary" — Jon Passantino (@passantino) March 21, 2016
.@realDonaldTrump just now on @CNN @wolfblitzer: @megynkelly should give me half her salary. Her ratings would be rock-bottom without me — Joshua Yasmeh (@JoshYaz) March 21, 2016
Watch:
.@realDonaldTrump on @MegynKelly: She's hotter now than ever before, she should give me half her salary. #FinalFive https://t.co/3s91Eu71RU — The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) March 21, 2016
But no, he's definitely not obsessed. Or suffering from severe delusions of grandeur. Or insane.
Given how bent out of shape he gets whenever he's insulted or mocked, he wouldn't like being insulted or mocked over this.
Which makes it a perfect opportunity for people to do just that:
Loon. RT @oliverdarcy Trump on @megynkelly: “She's hotter now than ever before because of me. She should give me at least half her salary.” — Brian Guy (@ItsThatBriGuy) March 21, 2016
@CNN Megyn Kelly finally moved into the penthouse of trumps heads permanently rent free . — MJ (@buddy31114) March 21, 2016
@CNN Just more proof about his obsession. Ewwwwwwwwwwwwww…. — Valerie J. Wood (@ValerieJWood) March 21, 2016
Trump now saying @megynkelly is the one obsessed with him. Should give him half of her salary. Projection much???? #NeverTrump — Charity Gray McSwain (@CharityMcSwain) March 21, 2016
Nevah!
@CNN I thought he said he's so rich he doesn't need to take anyone's money ? — A (@midsummermutt) March 21, 2016
.@Philip_Elliott @BoingBoing "I need that money to pay off the taxes I owe." — Richard Saunders (@RSaunders2016) March 21, 2016
He needs it because he has no money https://t.co/UCW3493PFw — John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) March 21, 2016
He'll be using it to fix his midget fingers. https://t.co/9xruuKA2Yx — Sunny (@sunnyright) March 21, 2016
Snicker.
@CNN what kind of presidential aspirant talks like this? — Thankfulbee♥ (@beebah5) March 21, 2016
@CNN . How can this man be fit for President, this is bizarre. — Adeogun Kayode (@omonive) March 21, 2016
***
Related:
‘Disturbing and not presidential': FNC's Janice Dean calls out Trump for ‘obsession' with Megyn Kelly
Donald Trump calls for boycott of Megyn Kelly from his iPhone, which he also wants you to boycott
Bret Baier, Fox News SLAM Donald Trump's call to boycott Megyn Kelly; Updated!
‘I can't fight back?' Trump again goes after ‘highly overrated' Megyn Kelly
Pokémon Sun and Moon director Shigeru Ohmori (left) and Game Freak co-founder Junich Masuda reflect on the studio's history.
We recently had the opportunity to visit the offices of Game Freak, the creators of Pokémon, to discuss the series, its impact, and its future. The studio is more than Pokémon, however, and we talked to them about its beginnings and its games that don't explore the world of Pocket Monsters.
Game Freak began as a magazine in Japan, or as Pokémon producer and composer and Game Freak co-founder Junichi Masuda refers to it, a mini comic. Satoshi Tajiri, who is credited as Pokémon's creator, would visit arcades, talk to their owners and get tips for the games that would be included in the magazine, but making video games was always its goal. As a small group of video game fans, they didn't think they could make an arcade game, but with the release of the Famicom (the Nintendo Entertainment System in America) Game Freak thought it might finally be able to make something.
“When we first decided we wanted to make a game for the Famicom, that's when we started development on Quinty [Mendel Palace in America], and we were really true indies at the time,” Masuda says, “We were just friends doing a hobby as we built this game.” Quinty is a puzzle game where the player flips tiles on a grid in order to avoid or dispose of enemies on a mission to save their girlfriend. The game was published by Namco in Japan. “When we first started making the game we didn't really have any official development equipment, so we just sort of had to hack the NES and figure out how it worked so we could develop on it ourselves without the official sort of development tools,” Masuda says.
Nintendo wasn't interested in the game because Game Freak wasn't a formal development company at the time, so Tajiri shopped the game around. “When talking with Namco they said, ‘No, we can't have a contract with an individual. We need you guys to incorporate.' So we made the decision to form Game Freak the company,” Masuda says. After Quinty, Game Freak worked with Sony to create Smart Ball for Super Nintendo, a game where you play as a platforming jelly bean named Jerry.
Tajiri did, however, open the door with Nintendo in those early days, even if it didn't publish Game Freak's first two games, which lead to Yoshi. Yoshi is a falling block puzzle game where players have to match pictures of familiar Mario enemies. “That game is when we first started working with them,” Masuda says. “We got the offer to create it, we developed it, and it was really successful, so we kind of formed that relationship and we got along really well and kept the development units. We borrowed them for about six years.” It was during this time that Tajiri and Game Freak developed a relationship with Miyamoto and the late Gunpei Yokoi, the creator of the d-pad and the Kid Icarus and Metroid franchises.
After Yoshi, Game Freak released a Sega Genesis game based on a popular manga and anime, Magical Taluluto, that never made its way to America. It wasn't Game Freak's last non-Nintendo game as later, even after it found success with Pokémon, games like Pulseman, Tembo the Badass Elephant, and most recently Giga Wrecker, released on other consoles and platforms. “We'd have the game concept first and then we'd kind of decide which platform it would be best suited for so we released games on Sega Megadrive, Sega Genesis, and the PC Engine and platforms like that,” Masuda says.
In 1993 Game Freak released another game that never made it to America, but with two characters Americans are very familiar with. Mario and Wario is one of the few SNES games that used the mouse peripheral outside of Mario Paint, but it didn't start out that way. “Originally the idea was to use the Super Nintendo Super Scope. I was a programmer on this game and at the time we were making it for the Super Scope and it was pretty difficult to work with,” Masuda says. “When it was first starting out you would shoot the Super Scope and launch nets to catch monsters but back then most people's TVs were pretty small and the Super Scope? We couldn't get it to quite determine the top and the bottom of the TV so there were a lot of situations where it just wouldn't recognize the net getting shot out.” It was that hurdle that lead to the game using the SNES mouse.
In 1996, Game Freak finally released Pokémon Red and Green in Japan – a game that studio had quietly been working on for six years. “With Pokémon, we were just kind of making it ourselves at first and we did present the game concept to Nintendo and they said, ‘Oh okay, good luck. As long as you guys have money, keep working on it',” Masuda says. Nintendo would check in and offer advice and some suggestions, like releasing the game on multiple cartridges, an idea Masuda says was entirely Shigeru Miyamoto's, but no contracts were written up during that development time. “Kind of the feeling at the time wasn't that we got a deal with them and kept working on it over six years or anything like that. We were just us developing it on our own.”
Pokémon was a massive success and continues to be the developer's driving force, but it still enjoys making games outside the franchise. “Of course, those side projects are always really important for the developer to try different things and we all like to explore new opportunities for Game Freak as a company, not being just stuck in one thing,” Masuda says, “But the reality of the games industry is with other projects, just to get people to notice you, there are so many games out there these days that we definitely feel that tough situation is the reality of the video game market.”
For more on the history of Pokémon, you can check out the latest issue for a 12-page feature covering the franchise's history, as well as online features and interviews linked below.
Dear members of Congress,
In his five months as EPA Administrator, former Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt is an aggregating impeachable offense, ever giving fuller meaning to Alexander Hamilton's Federalist 65 elaboration of what constitutes “high crimes and misdemeanors,” to wit: Impeachable offenses arise from the “abuse or violation of some public trust” and “relate chiefly to injuries done immediately to the society itself.”
Riding into office on the back of 14 lawsuits he filed against the EPA, Pruitt took his oath of office to uphold the laws of the land and promptly proceeded to do just the opposite. Using the mantra of “states' rights” as his corporate fig leaf and wildly accusing EPA scientists of being unscientific, he has moved to “undo, delay or otherwise block more than 30 environmental rules,” according to the July 1, 2017 New York Times.
His tenure thus far at the EPA is the stuff of corporate wish lists: meeting privately with the worst industrial perpetrators of silent violence (charitably described as “pollution”) and huddling with industry lobbyists and corporate lawyers who are eager for Pruitt to dismantle his own agency ― the federal manager of environmental violence to air, water, soil and food.
Pruitt is rolling over and stifling the mission of EPA's scientists, legal experts and other specialists to protect Americans families from pollution hot spots, which disproportionately affect low-income and minority communities.
Mr. Pruitt makes himself vulnerable, with all the ex parte contacts and corporate advisors to many serious offenses, including: a) violation of the procedures of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, b) conflict of interest rules, c) violation of both criminal and civil laws by the overreaching industry lobbyists who constitute Pruitt's tight cadre of clenched-jawed political appointees. History provides precedents of how the boundless zealotry of new wrecking crews ultimately leads to self-inflicted wounds and scandals.
Under Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution, the president, vice president and all civil Officers of the United States “may be impeached and, if convicted by the Senate, shall be removed from office.” Scott Pruitt is in the category of a “civil Officer.”
Republicans in the House of Representatives are quite familiar with trying to impeach a civil officer. For many months prior to the November election, they were hounding, with baseless impeachment threats, John Koskinen, then-director of the IRS and one of the most honorable civil servants in a generation. So fervid and ill-tempered was their partisan zeal that they also took it out on the IRS's budget, already lower than it was several years earlier, and cut it further to the bone. This fulminating vendetta, widely reported, has led to millions of taxpayers waiting on the phone with the IRS to get served or not be served at all. Most ironically, the Republicans assured that the woefully understaffed IRS could collect even less of the estimated $350 billion in annual unpaid taxes, thereby expanding the federal deficit they so often decry for political expediency.
Pruitt, like most captured corporatists, has ignored the objections to his policies from the 15,000 employees of the EPA, hoping that many will leave the agency and further weaken the environmental health and safety efforts that he abhors. He doesn't want them around because he cannot rebut their scientific arguments for retaining existing standards, which would protect our environment from deadly toxins. He is also hostile to the “precautionary principle” which shifts the burden of proof to the progenitors of new chemical or particulate or gas into the environment.
When you go through the list of health standards slated for Pruitt's abolition, you wonder whether there are any limits to his cold-blooded, corporatized agenda. So extreme is his corporate ardor that there will undoubtedly be lawless actions coming from his precipitous acts – which he rightly believes will not be subject to restraint from the Trump White House or the Republican-controlled Congress.
Pruitt's fevered mind thinks like this: Climate change is a hoax. Methane gas, which is 40 times more harmful to global warming than carbon dioxide, should not be subject to the modest Obama-era required disclosures. The industries that are most responsible for pollution should be in charge of their own enforcement. The EPA's already grossly inadequate budget should be cut further. Attempts to curb pollution in our air and waterways should be revoked. Pesticides like chlorpyrifos, found to be dangerous after years of study, should be pushed back for ‘reconsideration' – in short to be shelved. Rules on methane leaks from drilling oil and gas wells should be obstructed through delays or revision.
Pruitt had a private meeting with corporate lobbyists at Trump International Hotel, which is a venue for recurring violations of the Emoluments Clause due to its Trump-enriching expenditures by foreign interests. That's when you know that the officious Pruitt doesn't even care about appearances, much less the perils of lawless and secretive influence-peddling that enriches President Trump's investments.
With such arrogance, willful ignorance and a colossal incapacity to resonate with his agency's mandated role to prevent cancer, respiratory diseases and human habitat destruction, Pruitt is heading for trouble.
His brief tenure as EPA administrator has already been defined by intensive abuse of power and the public trust, undermining the legitimacy of our government and the rule of law.
Members of Congress – Democratic and Republican – must ensure accountability for this rogue administrator. Take close note of his non-compliance with the Administrative Procedure Act and keep in mind that political ideologies will not protect your children or vulnerable relatives and friends form environmental toxins. Conservative lungs and other bodily organs are as vulnerable to pollution-bred terminal ailments and the violent effects of climate change, as their liberal counterparts.
If there was ever a time for Congressional maturity and respect for one of our founding fathers' favorite words – posterity – now is that time.
Let's be clear about what is at issue here. Pruitt is extinguishing life-saving and disease-preventing health standards that were vetted in open procedures, that were open to input by the commercial interested affected – which usually leads to diluting the final regulation – and which have solid scientific basis to protect vulnerable populations. Consequently, Pruitt's rollbacks, suspensions or delays, if allowed to persist and expand, will lead loss and deprivation of American lives, including children – the future of our country – thereby increasing healthcare costs, family anguish and other disruptions of “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.”
Pruitt and his cohorts are a clear and present danger to America. He will demonstrate in the coming weeks and months how deserving he is of impeachment in the House of Representatives and conviction in the U.S. Senate. That is, if he doesn't resign or be forced to resign due to his own cruelty, recklessness and running afoul of the law.
Sincerely yours,
One month ago, I took the plunge and and became a self-published author. I hoped that it would instantly change my life; that I'd spend my days having lunch with Stephen King and my nights jet-setting with J.K. Rowling. Unsurprisingly, it hasn't quite met those dreams. But I've learned a lot about the self-publishing industry, sold a few copies of my book, and hope for the next month to be even better. So if you're considering self-publishing an ebook on Amazon and / or want to know how it works, this post is for you.
BASICS OF AMAZON SELF-PUBLISHING
I uploaded my debut ebook Paranoia for sale exclusively on Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing. This is known as KDP Select. While I could have uploaded it to the Amazon Kindle store and sold it on other markets like iTunes, Amazon is the biggest seller of ebooks and they offer you certain advantages for sticking exclusively with them. These advantages are being enrolled in Kindle Unlimited (KU), the Kindle Owner's Lending Library (KOLL), & getting promotion days. I'll explain about these as soon as I answer your most important question, how you make your money.
You can set your ebook's price to be whatever you want, but there are two broad royalty options. If you set your book from $0 – $2.98, you get 35% of the money on each sale. If your book is $2.99 or up, then you get a much larger 70% of the sale. Obviously the cheaper your book the more copies you'll sell, but you have to take the royalties into account.
When I first started selling Paranoia, I made the price $1.99. But that meant I was only making 70 cents per sale. By raising the price another dollar, I would likely sell fewer copies, but I'd be making triple the money on each sale ($2.10). It seems a solid trade-off.
Now onto the advantages of choosing KDP Select. KU & KOLL are basically the same thing. KU is a subscription service where users pay a monthly fee and gain unlimited access to all the books available in the KU/KOLL program. KOLL is available for free for all Amazon Prime members. These members get to borrow 1 ebook each month from the KU/KOLL program. Based on the number of users, there is a total fund for these two programs each month.
For this January, it's $3 million.
Based on the total number of books downloaded through this service, the number of times your book was downloaded, and the monthly fund, you earn a certain amount of money for each time your book was downloaded. It will vary each month, but for me it seems to be roughly the same as selling a copy of my book.
As I said above, another perk of selling your book strictly on Amazon is the promotional program. For each 90-day period you're enrolled in KDP Select, you get 5 promotion days. You have two promotions to choose from, but you can only use one of them each 90-day period.
First up is the one I chose: free days. For up to five days each month, whenever you want those days to be, you can give your book away for free. This obviously nets you no money, but it gets your book out there. People may read it, review it, and tell their friends about it. This option is best if you're a completely unknown author looking for exposure (like me) or you want to give the first book in a series away to get more sales on the next ones. Free books get their own section of the Kindle store, and if you make it to the top 100 free books on a given day, then you get extra exposure.
There's also a Kindle Countdown deal option. This means that for five days, you can reduce the price of your book. But the real nice thing is you keep the original price's royalty rate. This means that if your book cost over $2.99 and you dropped it to under that number, you still earn 70% royalties. I think this is the better option once you have some exposure to possible customers. Like the free promotion, the countdown promotion also has its own page where people can search for books on sale. This promotion is what I plan on choosing during my next 90-day period, since I should have some book reviews on various blogs up by then and more people should know about my novel.
But I think the most important thing you need to know about self-publishing is that unless you're famous or extremely lucky, you are barely going to sell anything just by posting it. You did not go the route of hiring an agent who will do the legwork for you and secure you advertising. You need to handle all of that yourself. There's hundreds of thousands of books for sale in the Kindle store; you need to find a way to get noticed and stand out. So allow me to share my story and give you some ideas on how to do this.
MY EXPERIENCE SO FAR
First, I made a big mistake when I first posted this book. I'd given it a thorough editing pass, but not a full proofread. Last week I decided to read through the book again both for fun (it's been a while since I read the whole thing) and to spot any errors. I was simply aghast at how many mistakes I found. Every page I was spotting one or two typos, which was just wholly unacceptable. I felt awful that I'd been selling an unprofessional product and plowed through the whole book in 2 days to fix them all as quick as I could. If you're going to self-publish, don't just make sure the story and characters work perfectly; be sure to slowly go through all the text and be certain that the grammar and spelling are right. Nothing's worse than a book that looks unprofessional.
I've already said in my previous blog post On Paranoia & Procrastination that if you want to get a book agent and ultimately a publisher, you need to send out massive amounts of query letters. Surprisingly, you need to do something extremely similar for self-publishing: sending out book review requests.
Query letter on top, book review request on bottom. The resemblance is uncanny.
There are several sites which have massive lists of blogs that review books. This is one of them: http://www.theindieview.com/indie-reviewers/. Just like with finding an agent, search for the ones that will review your genre of book and start sending out requests. Luckily, these blogs seem to be more open to looking at your book than agents are. Whereas I only had one agent agree to look at my manuscript and then pass on it, I've had 5 reviewers agree to review my book so far (roughly a 10% success rate). It will take them a little while to get a review up, but when they do you'll have exposure to dozens, hundreds, or maybe even thousands of their readers.
One other thing I found helpful was having a blog. If someone liked one of my posts or followed me, I'd check out their profile. If they blogged about writing, I would politely ask them if they would be willing to read a free copy of my book and post a review of it on their own blog. I've had two people agree to do this even though they don't normally post book reviews on their sites. Always remember that it's worth giving away a copy of your book if it nets you more buyers down the line.
Okay, that covers how to get people to buy your book. But how many people will actually do so? I'm willing to share my numbers to give everyone out there an idea of what they'll be getting into. (Don't laugh.)
This is the graph of your sales that you'll have access to and check every five minutes.
Okay, let's break this down. As the key at the bottom indicates, the red line is actual sales. Blue is your KU / KOLL downloads, and green is free downloads. This graph starts from the day before I published my book to the present. I ran a 2-day free promotion on 1/13 & 1/14, which massively eclipsed my total sales.
On my first free day I had 159 free downloads & I had 73 on the second day. Strangely, I also had 3 free downloads after the promotion was over; this is probably due to a small glitch or people trying to download it right as the clock struck midnight. Regardless, that's a 2 day total of 235 free downloads. This is not insanely great, but I was very happy with it. At my high point I was roughly #1,700 in the free book store. Far away from the top 100 needed for the extra exposure, but not bad for my first book and my first promotion.
I should also note that I didn't just put the book up for free and leave it alone. There are tons of sites and facebook pages where you can ask for your free book to be promoted. I contacted about ten of those, which took a couple hours of work. But it seemed to pay off.
Now the hope here was that people would download this book, rate it, and recommend it to their friends. Unfortunately, not everyone who downloads a free book will read it. Also, not everyone who reads it will review or recommend it. It's been 10 days since this promotion and I haven't gotten a single new review on my Amazon page.
Still stuck at 2 reviews, but at least they're good.
But there did seem to be one positive result of that free promotion. Let's look at my sales again, but this time take away the green line representing the free downloads.
It's very…irregular.
This is a total of 13 sales and 6 KU / KOLL downloads. That's…not a lot. Also, around half of these are from family and friends. But I'll try to break this down.
My first 4 sales on the first 3 days were definitely all from family. Then were been a 6 day period where absolutely happened. Then we've got another sale, 3 days off, and 2 more sales over two days. I think at least 2 of those last 3 sales were from more family and friends.
Then there was another 7 day stretch with no sales. But on 1/15, the day after my free promotion, things really started picking up (comparatively speaking). For the next six days I had very consistent sales and download, with my best day on 1/18. Here I had 2 sales and 2 KU / KOLL downloads. I assume this is all from word of mouth due to the free promotion. If that assumption is right, then I lost nothing by giving those books away; no one was buying them anyway. But I gained a dozen sales and downloads. So the free promotion definitely seems worthwhile.
I have another short free promotion, slated for one day on 1/26. Hopefully I get a repeat of this sales boost.
Now obviously, these sales are very low. I'm not going to live off of $4 in sales a day. But no one knows about this book yet. Those bloggers are going to be posting their book reviews within the next couple of weeks, which will finally get me some real exposure. Hopefully that leads to sales, which leads to more exposure via word of mouth, which starts finally kicking things up a few gears. If that happens, I'm sure I'll do another post and share the effect that those reviews had.
So there you have it, the basics of self-publishing an ebook on Amazon. It's definitely not as simple as uploading your book file and hitting submit. It's taken dozens of hours of promotion, and so far I only have maybe 10 sales / downloads that aren't from family and friends to show for it. But I really think and hope that all this hard work is going to pay off when the reviews come it.
My last bit of advice is to save self-publishing as a last resort unless you're famous or have other books. I hope it will work out in the end, but there's no doubt it would be easier to have an agent handle all of this stuff for me. But I'd tried that route and it just didn't work. So if you've already tried to get an agent, failed and are willing to be patient and put in a lot of promotional work, self-publishing may work out for you.
Maybe.
Thanks as always for checking out my blog! If you like what you see, please consider following; it really helps me out. I'll keep trying to write cool stuff, and let me know if you have any questions or comments below!
Advertisements
A Toronto doctor who received money from the sale of his father's generic drug company has given $10-million toward improving the health of Canada's indigenous people.
The University of Toronto announced on Friday, National Aboriginal Day, that Michael Dan and his wife, Amira, made the donation to its Dalla Lana School of Public Health to create an institute that will study the health issues among the country's aboriginal population.
"This is the single most important issue facing my generation, and if people like me don't do something about it, then I wouldn't be able to sleep well at night," Dr. Dan said in a telephone call from Bosnia, where he was visiting his in-laws.
Story continues below advertisement
"The opportunity to do something about it is here," he said. "The university is ready to tackle something like this."
Dr. Dan, a former neurosurgeon, shared in the proceeds of the sale of Novopharm Ltd., a generic drug company founded by his father, Leslie. He used $17-million to create the Paloma Foundation in 2002, and has given millions to charities around Toronto.
The institute created by the Dans will operate with the input of indigenous people and will bring together scholars in public health, medicine, nursing, social work, education, law, anthropology and many other disciplines. It will tackle a complex and difficult issue.
The life expectancy of First Nations people is five to seven years shorter than that of the general population. Among the Inuit, it is 15 years shorter. Indigenous newborns have a mortality rate that is 1.5 times that of babies in the rest of Canada, and they have more birth defects.
People living on reserves are 31 times more likely than other Canadians to contract tuberculosis. They are three to five times as likely to develop diabetes. They bear a disproportionate risk of traumatic injury. And their rates of infectious disease and suicide are significantly higher.
"If you look at it in totality, it's completely overwhelming," Dr. Dan said. "But I think it's possible, working on a community-by-community basis, to just make a little dent in some of these big issues. You'll never achieve anything unless you sit down with a community and ask, 'What are your health problems, how can we help you?'"
The University of Toronto will host Canada's first indigenous health conference later this year.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Among Dr. Dan's other philanthropic ventures was the creation in 2006 of Gemini Power, a hydroelectric corporation that finances the construction of power stations that are turned over to First Nations to operate.
Ben Henderson saved a card by moving up a division in two weeks notice, and now his buddy from their WEC days is looking to salvage the original bout he was in. If their tweets are any indication, Donald Cerrone could be stepping in for Henderson's UFC Fight Night 63 slot against Jorge Masvidal.
Masvidal was campaigning for an opponent on social media, and Cerrone obviously isn't one to decline a match up. The two entertaining lightweights spoke about it on Twitter:
This is the second time I have signed a bout agreement and both fighters have pulled out #PistOff @ufc @UFCONFOX @UFCNews — Jorge Masvidal UFC (@GamebredFighter) February 1, 2015
@Cowboycerrone looking for an opponent you down? — Jorge Masvidal UFC (@GamebredFighter) February 1, 2015
"@GamebredFighter: @Cowboycerrone looking for an opponent you down?" You damn fight I am I'm also in the market for an opponent — Cowboy Cerrone (@Cowboycerrone) February 1, 2015
As for that potential match up against Khabib Nurmagomedov, Cerrone also stated on Twitter that "he's injured".
The film, Take a Break – Discover yourself, identifies the typical problem faced by professionals in today's world. It introduces Transactional Analysis to emphasize the importance of self awareness and its value in leading stress free lives. (3mins)
How often have you asked the question
‘Who am I'?
Why do I behave the way I do?
What are my strengths and limitations?
What makes me successful at one time and fail at other times?
Why are some of my relationships good while some others just don't work?
To understand the above questions one needs to have an understanding of human personality and behavior.
Psychological theories provide a framework to do that.
Transactional Analysis, is one such theory which provides a simple yet profound framework to understand human behavior.
Get the latest articles by E-mail every week Subscribe to our free newsletter and get our latest articles every week into your mailbox Email Address Website
The originator of Transactional analysis, Dr. Eric Berne believed that people can change and solve their problems through the understanding of their own personalities and bringing awareness to their patterns of behaviors.
A two-day introductory program in Transactional Analysis (TA) introduces one to the basic concepts of this theory which can be readily applied to oneself from the moment we are exposed to it.
Thousands of people participate in such programs across the world every month and are benefiting from the self discovery and self awareness that they achieve. They are able to understand themselves and improve their relationships at work or in personal life, eventually leading to more satisfactory and fulfilling lives.
Please do leave your comments at the bottom and do share with others if you like this article.
Robert Mueller. Alex Wong/Getty Images
President Donald Trump may consider firing Robert Mueller, the special counsel overseeing the Russia investigation.
"He's weighing that option," said Chris Ruddy, the CEO of Newsmax and a friend of Trump's, on "PBS NewsHour" on Monday evening. "I personally think it would be a very significant mistake — even though I don't think there's a justification ... for a special counsel in this case."
Ruddy was seen leaving the West Wing on Monday, but it was not immediately clear whether the subject of Mueller came up during his visit.
In the interview with PBS, Ruddy called out what he described as "conflicts" surrounding Mueller's law firm, WilmerHale, which has represented Trump's former campaign manager and members of the Trump family. Ruddy also said Trump had interviewed Mueller for the role of FBI director before Mueller was named special counsel in charge of the Russia investigation. Mueller previously served as FBI director from 2001 to 2013.
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said in an email to Business Insider on Monday night: "Mr. Ruddy never spoke to the President regarding this issue. With respect to this subject, only the President or his attorneys are authorized to comment."
President Donald Trump at the White House on May 2. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
In the past 36 hours, people in Trump's orbit have floated conflicting narratives on the matter. A lawyer for Trump said on ABC News on Sunday that he was "not going to speculate" about whether Trump may fire Mueller. But Trump's conservative allies have begun to turn on the special counsel, despite initially praising his appointment.
Trump's allies now say the Mueller-led investigation into whether Trump's campaign colluded with Russian officials to meddle in the 2016 election will be tainted and biased, Business Insider's Allan Smith reported earlier Monday, in part because of former FBI Director James Comey's Senate testimony last week.
Trump with James Comey. Getty Images
At his hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday, Comey said he gave a friend, a Columbia law professor, permission to share with news outlets the content of memos Comey wrote documenting private meetings he had with Trump.
Comey testified that he thought the revelations in his memos — including his concerns that Trump sought to influence the FBI's Russia investigation — would prompt the appointment of a special counsel.
While Trump as president would be within his right to order the Justice Department to fire Mueller, that move would surely be viewed as problematic for a president already plagued by suggestions he overstepped his boundaries in his interactions with Comey.
Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, attempted to knock down any suggestion of Trump firing Mueller.
"If President fired Bob Mueller, Congress would immediately re-establish independent counsel and appoint Bob Mueller," Schiff said. "Don't waste our time." It is unclear, however, exactly how the Republican-led Congress would react to Mueller's firing.
Richard Painter, who served as top White House ethics lawyer under George W. Bush, offered an unvarnished take on the rumblings Monday night.
"Rumors going around that POTUS wants to fire Mueller," he said. "That had better be fake news or this presidency will be over very soon."
Background: In 2002, the New England Journal of Medicine published two studies that changed the management of post-cardiac arrest patients by showing improved outcomes in patients treated with therapeutic hypothermia (32°C-34°C) for at least 24 hours. (Bernard 2002, Hypothermia 2002). The landscape changed again in 2013 with the publication of the Targeted Temperature Management (TTM) trial in the New England Journal, which compared post-cardiac arrest hypothermia at 32-34°C and at 36°C and found no difference in outcomes (Nielson 2013). After the publication of the TTM trial, many hospitals changed their cooling protocols to a target temperature of 36°C, however, recently it has been shown that this may pose an increased risk of fever. (Cassamento 2016).
Clinical Question:
What is the impact of changing the target temperature post-ROSC from 33°C to 36°C?
Population:
Patients with non-traumatic ventricular fibrillation out-of-hospital cardiac arrest during the study period.
Outcome:
This was a descriptive paper that did not define a primary outcome. Rather, it made numerous comparisons between the treatments received, complications, temperatures and outcomes of patients in two different target temperature groups. The following are some of the comparisons made:
Design:
Retrospective, single center study
Excluded:
Traumatic cardiac arrest
Cardiac arrest with initial rhythm other than ventricular fibrillation
Primary Results:
76 patients with ventricular fibrillation out-of-hospital cardiac arrest included 24 patients in the 33°C period 52 patients in the 36°C period
Active cooling more likely started in ED during 33°C period. (65% vs. 2%, p<0.001)
All patients in 33°C period received active cooling in the ICU compared to 70% in the 36°C period (p<0.001)
Critical Results:
Patients in the 36°C target temperature group were more likely to have at least one temperature recording ≥ 38.0°C in the first 24 hours (0% vs. 19%, p = 0.03)
Patients in the 36°C target temperature group spent significantly less time at or below target temperature (87% vs. 50%, p<0.001)
Non-significant trend towards decrease in patient survival in the 36°C temperature group (71% vs. 58%, p = 0.31)
Non-significant trend towards decrease proportion of patients discharged to home in the 36°C temperature group (82% vs. 73%, p = 0.08)
Non-significant trend towards decrease proportion of patients discharged with a favorable neurological outcome in the 36°C temperature group (CPC score 1-2: 71% vs. 56%, p = 0.22)
Strengths:
Consecutive enrollment
Asks an important clinical question regarding the consequence of a change in protocol
Limitations:
Retrospective, single center study
Small sample size
Compliance at 36°C temperature group seems less rigorous so the results may be due to poor compliance with the target, rather than the higher target temperature itself
As this was a descriptive paper, the investigators looked at numerous variables between the two groups rather than identifying specific outcomes before starting their analysis. This could potentially have impacted the variables they chose to investigate and report.
Author's Conclusions:
“After the change from TTM target of 33°C to 36°C, we report a low compliance target temperature, higher rates of fever, and a trend towards clinical worsening in patients outcomes. Hospitals adopting a 36°C target temperature need to be aware that this target may not be easy to achieve, and requires adequate sedation and muscle-relaxant to avoid fever.”
Our Conclusions:
A higher target temperature may, in of itself, be no worse for patient outcomes. However, it may encourage decreased compliance, higher rates of fever and potentially worsened patient outcomes.
Potential Impact to Current Practice:
Targeting a higher temperature for cooling post VF-OHCA is logistically difficult to implement. When targeting the higher hypothermia temperature, patients may need interventions such as sedation and paralysis to meet even the higher target temperature.
Clinical Bottom Line:
While it does not appear that a post-ROSC target of 33 degrees is superior to 36 degrees in VF-OHCA, it appears that maintaining 36 degrees is more difficult than maintaining 33 degrees. This should be taken into account when shaping a protocol. Whatever your hospital's target temperature policy may be, act aggresively to reach and maintain the temperature
For More on This Topic Checkout:
References:
Bernard SA et al. Treatment of comatose survivors of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest with induced hypothermia. N Engl J Med 2002;346:557-63. PMID 11856794 Bray et al. Changing target temperature from 33°C to 36°C in the ICU management of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: A before and after study. Resuscitation. 2017 Apr;113:39-43. PMID 28159575 Casamento A et al. A comparison of therapeutic hypothermia and strict therapeutic normothermia after cardiac arrest. Resuscitation 2016;106:83-88. PMID 27350372 Hypothermia after Cardiac Arrest Study Group. Mild therapeutic hypothermia to improve the neurologic outcome after cardiac arrest. N Engl J Med 2002;346:549-56. PMID 11856793 Nielsen N et al. Targeted temperature management at 33 degrees C versus 36 degrees C after cardiac arrest. N Engl J Med 2013; 369: 2197-206. PMID 24237006
Post Peer Reviewed By: Anand Swaminathan (Twitter: @EMSwami) and Salim Rezaie (Twitter: @srrezaie)
How would you like to see former and current Ravens players? This draft season you can!
The Baltimore Ravens are hosting the Ravens Flock Festival presented by Verizon, at M&T Bank Stadium from 11 AM - 3PM on April 30th.
Fans will be able to watch Day 3 of the NFL Draft live on the RavensVision boards, and observe the team announcing both fourth-round selections live from the stadium on NFL Network. The selections will be made by Baltimore celebrities and fans in attendance!
Not enough? Former and current Ravens players, including the team's 2016 first-round draft pick will be on-site for fan forum and kids-only autograph sessions.
Both Lombardi Trophies from Super Bowl XXXV & XLVII will also be at the stadium. Fans are also being offered tours of the Ravens' home locker room and participate in interactive games.
During the event, the Baltimore Ravens will be honoring five outstanding teachers that have been nominated for the "Touchdown For Teachers" program, presented by M&T Bank, and announce the grand prize winner during an on-field presentation!
Tickets for the Draft Celebration are $5 for children ages 3-14 )ages 2 & under are free) and $10 for adults (15 & older). Parking for this event will be FREE!!! in stadium Lots A, B, C, G, and H.
The Ravens will be hosting their annual Retail Outlet Sale at 8 AM, so do bring your wallet or purse. They slash the prices down deeply, so definitely give it a look.
The Ravens are changing from an artificial turf to real grass, and you can purchase game-used field turf, along with locker-room-issued apparel.
If you are looking to purchase tickets click the link HERE!
If you would like more information about the event, visit THIS LINK HERE
Autographs Note: Players are subject to availability. Child ages 4-14 will have a specially-designated, kids-only autograph station that is free of charge and will operate continuously throughout the event.
I didn't put a poll up and ask you all to vote for this week's dumbass. I don't want you reading under the illusion that this blog is democratic. Anyway, our crowned champion of fuckery this week is…
Christine O'Dumbass O'Donnell, the GOP Senate candidate from Delaware. This woman makes the teabaggers cream in their chastity belts. Really, I don't even know where to start. The stupidity is strong with this one.
First, you should read this overview of things O'Donnell has actually said, out loud and in public. Here are some of my favorites:
That's right. She thinks that you're choking your chicken is the same as committing adultery (even if you're not married. You're committing adultery against your future spouse). And don't you dare watch porn, you dirty sinner!
Um, what? That's like saying if I piss in my pants right now, someone else is going to have dirty underwear because of it. As awesome as that would be, it's not possible.
She thinks a woman should ‘graciously submit' to her husband.
In her defense, she does say that a woman isn't a slave to her husband. But the man is the ‘leader' of the household, and a woman should submit to his will. FUCK THAT!
She also thinks providing condoms will help spread STDs. Nice.
She's one of those people who say, “It's just a theory.” Fuck you, so is gravity, you dumbass! If you don't know what the definition of scientific theory is, you need to keep your bobble-headed mouth shut.
No, they didn't. She said this because she's against cloning and using embryonic stem cells to cure people of horrible ailments. Because the important thing isn't helping people, it's that mice with human brains might try to take over the world. Totally possible.
There are so very many things that make Christine O'Dumbfuck worthy of the DotW award. This is really just the tip of the iceberg-of-stupidity. But the thing that has made me actually kind of hate Christine is this bit of fuckery that was brought to my attention via Rev. Manny and His Empire of Awesomeness:
O'DONNELL: I dabbled into witchcraft
My first thought upon reading this was oh my fuck, here we go.
I didn't join a coven. I didn't join a coven, let's get this straight. […] But that's exactly why…because… because I dabbled in witchcraft. I hung around people who were doing these things. I'm not making this stuff up. I know what they told me they do. […] One of my first dates was with a witch was on a satanic altar and I didn't know it and there was a little blood there and stuff like that. […] We went to a movie and then like had a little midnight picnic on a satanic altar.
Because you know what any good Satan worshiping heathen would do? Have a picnic on the altar where they worship The Dark One. Of course! How very romantic! I'm absolutely dying to know what the meal consisted of. I hope it was something like fried chicken, ambrosia salad, and the blood from a sacrificial goat. I also love that he took her to the movies first. I wonder what they saw…
Here's the thing. When I was a teenager I started becoming interested in Wicca. I read everything I could find on the subject right up into my early 20s. Guess what? THERE IS NO SATAN IN WICCA! Yes, there is a Horned God. But he doesn't represent evil. He represents the natural world, Earthly things. The Goddess represents the Divine, the spiritual. “Witches” don't participate in ritual sacrifice. They believe in the Wiccan Rede, which basically says do whatever the fuck you want, as long as you don't hurt anyone(including yourself). Many Wiccans take that to mean hurting animals as well. Killing an animal in order to get some kind of spiritual advancement doesn't really fit into The Craft. FYI, watching Charmed, The Craft, or Practical Magic doesn't make you an expert on witchcraft.
Christine O'Donnell never dated a witch. If what she said was true, she either dated a Satanist or she dated someone who was trying to impress her with his ‘bad boy' edge in order to get a BJ. But I'm pretty sure this never happened. She's like that one dumb bitch in high school who lied about everything so that the cool kids would like her. But the cool kids all hated her because they knew she was full of shit so they made her life hell. And now she's taking that shit out on the entire state of Delaware.
And how the holy fuck do you “dabble into” something? No wonder, she and Queen BumpIt are bffs now!
Advertisements
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
U.S. banks recently surpassed $200billion in fines, penalties and settlements for their misbehavior and fraud related to the 2008 financial crisis. The vast majority of these cases has involved the country's biggest banks, but thousands of U.S. banks played no role in the fraudulent and criminal activities that led up the financial crisis. It is time for us to embrace the strong tradition of community banking for California's government bank accounts and stop rewarding big banks that mistreat their customers and abuse our trust.
In the months leading up to the financial crisis, banks engaged in a range of predatory practices: deceptive marketing, inappropriate billing, rigging of benchmark interest rates, manipulation of the foreign exchange market, mortgage and mortgage-backed securities fraud, municipal bond rigging, and discrimination against minority buyers — to name just some of the misdeeds that regulators and criminal justice authorities have discovered.
California Attorney General Kamala Harris has been a national leader in the fight to penalize banks for their actions, and helped to spearhead the National Mortgage Settlement, a joint state-federal settlement from five major banks — Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo — relating to their marketing and sale of residential mortgage-backed securities. After harming Californians, these banks agreed to provide various forms of relief to consumers on both the principal and interest payments of their mortgages.
Despite the top criminal justice official of our state penalizing these banks for defrauding our citizens, these banks still get to do business with the state of California. Throughout the year, the state of California's bank accounts have cash balances of billions of dollars a day.
John Chiang, the state treasurer, maintains California's bank accounts with eight banks, including all three that were part of the National Mortgage Settlement. California should not be holding its money at these banks, which have been found, by our own attorney general, to have defrauded our citizens.
Deposits are the lifeblood of banking. They are the raw materials with which banks make loans. As we place the state's deposits into banks, we are supporting those banks and their activities. California taxpayer dollars should only be used to support those banks that have been working to improve Californians' financial lives, not destroy them. The only bank out of the eight the state does business with that meets that qualification seems to be San Francisco's Westamerica Bank.
The state has no lack of alternate banking options: More than 100 banks have a branch in the Golden State. Most of them are local banks serving their community without incident before, during and after the financial crisis. Treasurer Chiang should spread the state's money to these community banks. Doing so will reward them for good behavior and give them additional resources to help support loans to small businesses and local citizens throughout the state.
Big bankers will argue that that the small banks couldn't handle the load or get the statewide coverage the treasurer's office needs to conduct business. Neither is true: It would be easy to set up a network of small community banks to provide the state's necessary depository coverage. And while there will be some administrative overhead of moving away from the big banks — as the treasurer will spread taxpayer dollars across more, smaller, community banks — modern technology will keep costs marginal.
Off-the-shelf technology solutions, likely already in use at the treasurer's office, will provide everything we need. I've seen these tools in action — I built and sold a financial technology startup to Silicon Valley Bank (which, for the record, has no government business, and is not to my knowledge interested in any). Turns out that the “little guys” can do everything the big ones can — with far fewer shenanigans along the way.
The gains of leaving these big banks behind are clear: We punish fraudsters, support local banks, create financial opportunity across the state, and reward the good guys. The treasurer should act immediately. He needs no legislative action or outside approval. With so many good California banks, he should no longer direct our funds to bad ones.
Zachary Townsend is a partner with the Truman Project and the director of direct channels at Silicon Valley Bank, which he joined as the co-founder of Standard Treasury, a Silicon Valley startup that seeked to simplify banking technology. The views expressed here are his own. To comment, submit your letter to the editor at www.sfgate.com/submissions.
By TheRadFox987
Krystal Becomes Infatuated with Cheese
So we all know the story, it had something to do with cheese, and how with cheese Fox was easy to please.
But there's more to it than that as this new tale shall prove, for this is when Krystal caught on to the groove.
It started out a day like any other, but Krystal had moved on! Fox was away from her life, yes indeed gone. Mocked for having been part of Star Wolf briefly,
she took up residence on the delightful Planet Kew. But her true feelings were just like her fur...very blue. So she joined a coven of fox girls just like her, hoping that for her sadness this would be the cure. But it wasn't you see, Fox wasn't gone, deep down in Krystal's heart Fox still lingered on.
"I'm delighted to attend this meeting as you can see. I'm not the least bit lonely, I feel quite free!" said Krystal.
"Good," said Fay sitting to the right of Krystal. "Let's do a conciousness raising session, with trees made of nettle!"
"Sorry to interrupt but she takes cheese to each session. She has some Chedder and Feta right now, I have the most distinct impression" said Fara.
"No, no, no, I'm not up for that. Why is everyone staring at me and Katt?" asked Krystal.
"It's the cheeses behind your backs," said Fay with a smirk. "Why not share some with us? Might be a nice perk!"
"No, I won't" said Katt. "I like cheese too much, cheese I must never lack. My only true boyfriend is Monteray Jack"
Krystal sighed. She had never been a fan of cheese. But see, Fox was, and his soul was something Krystal just had to appease.
"This cheese reminds me of someone I loved. Someone I cared for, kissed, and hugged" said Krystal, embarresed. She ran away.
"She takes that cheese to every meeting here!" said Fay. "AND SHE NEVER EATS IT!" she added.
KRYSTAL JUMPED IN HER ARWING WITH THE CHEESE IN TOW, SHE WASN'T FEELiNG TOO GOOD, THIS WE ALL KNOW
"So they don't like me clutching on to cheese, do they? I wasn't about to convince them it was my baby, I need Fox Mccloud back, he's the mashed potato to my gravy" said Krystal. Feeling sad, with dejected eyes, she flew herself into a black hole.
She got warped to Planet Earth, London UK to be exact. Krystal sounded like she came from there, we'll never know why. Perhaps it's past life stuff, but for now, gotta fly!
Her arwing crashed and she jumped out with a parachute. She brushed dust off her legs and frantically searched the wreckage for cheese.
She pulled out some cheese and got down on her knees.
"Oh, cheese, you'll always be special to me. My one reminder of whom I love, Fox if you're still out there, please show me a dove" said Krystal.
A dove flew down and stole her cheese. Krystal ran towards a policewoman.
"You look rather blue," said the policewoman.
"I am blue, my name is Krystal, yes it's true. A dove flew off into the sky with my cheese, he did not even ask first,
nor did he say please!" replied Krystal.
"I can't help you this instant, I think it's been too long a shift. I've never seen a fox person, if you get my drift. But cheese? Yes, it's delicious when spread over fresh mana. Krystal, has anyone told you that you sound just like Princess Diana?" said the cop.
Krystal broke down in tears and yelled out to the Krazoa to take her away to Fox. So they gave her a test. A taste test of cheeses, conducted by them.
The Krazoas loved cheese. With cheese they were easy to appease. So they brought her to where Fox was...sitting in a London pub, eating cheese and drinking wine, while helping Falco flick away a bug.
"Fox," said Krystal tapping Fox on the back. "You know I'm the only one that can understand you, I just have a knack!"
"Do I know you, blue lady? Oh, Krystal, that's right. It's called a rivalry okay? Let me get back to my rivalries!" said Fox, who then proceeded to chat with Falco.
"That bird can buzz off, he's bloomin' pissing me off. Now Fox, look at me! We were a team, like Mcnee and Dianna Rigg. Would you forgive me if I handed you a fig?"
"Figs are old school and I'm just as depressed as you. My nose is stuck to this table like glue!" said Fox.
"Fox, I have cheese!" said Krystal. Fox looked at the cheese.
"Get that away!" said Fox violently slapping away the food. Krystal's dress came undone, leaving her in a bikini. All the onlookers looked,
Krystal, she was damn pretty!
"Terrific, everyone's staring at me and my rack. Fox won't you please come back?" said Krystal.
"Can't right now!" said Fox.
"Oh, please, Fox, let's go right now! Repair to our Arwings, with that food made from a cow" said Krystal.
"Food made from a cow?" asked Fox, with a twinkle in his eye. "You mean cheese right?"
"Yes, Fox. Cheese!" said Krystal.
"To heck with cheese!" said Fox. Krystal started to cry.
"No, no, hear me out, you must know the reason why!" said Fox. Brushing away a tear, Krystal listened.
"Krystal I realize I love you more than anything in the universe. You're the greatest gift ever, this I now know, let's rise from the pits where we sunk so low" said Fox. Fox looked into Krystal's eyes, so sweet and sublime. He saw the cheese in her hands, and realized she was one hundred percent divine.
"I can't believe how foolish I was!" said Fox with a teary eyed grin. He hugged Krystal, and they both shared a kiss. The crowd was confused,
but to Fox and Krystal, this was bliss.
"Falco, just admit my boyfriend's a better pilot than you. Go home to your cat, she'll repair your beak like new!" said Krystal.
Back in the Arwing:
"You were actually going to change your name to Kursed?" asked Fox.
"Yes, yes, yes I was. But now we have each other and a cargo hold full of cheese. And our beautiful sets of furs, free of all fleas!" replied Krystal.
THE END
CAIRO (Reuters) - At least 20 Houthi militia fighters were killed in heavy clashes in Yemen's third-largest city Taiz on Thursday, a day after they pounded it with rockets, forces loyal to the government said.
Girls stand at a camp for people displaced by conflict in Yemen's Houthi-controlled northwestern province of al-Jawf, October 21, 2015. REUTERS/Stringer
Taiz, considered Yemen's cultural capital, has suffered huge destruction since becoming a main battleground in a war between government supporters and the Iran-allied Houthis, who are backed by forces loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. It is currently divided between the two sides.
A Saudi-led coalition trying to restore the government of Yemen's current president, Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, has gained ground in the south, but Houthi forces remain in control of much of the country despite the almost daily air strikes.
Forces loyal to Hadi killed at least 20 Houthis and Saleh loyalists in Taiz, their commanders said. Nobody from the Houthis was available to confirm the death toll.
Air strikes and indiscriminate shelling of civilian areas in Taiz on Wednesday killed 22 people and wounded 140 others, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said in a statement, citing local hospitals as their sources.
“The situation in Taiz is particularly dire, even by the standards of the appalling conditions all over Yemen, with the nearly half of the hospitals closed and streams of wounded people desperate for treatment,” the head of the ICRC delegation in Yemen, Antoine Grand, was quoted as saying.
Thousands have fled and those left behind face severe shortages in water, food and electricity. Grand said the ICRC had been trying for five weeks to obtain authorization to deliver urgent medicines to one hospital in Taiz.
Also on Thursday, a resident in the northern province of Hajjah said coalition planes had bombed a small island in the Red Sea close to the port of Midi, killing 10 fishermen.
“They took the bodies back to the harbor. Some others were wounded but we don't know how many,” the resident said on condition of anonymity.
Air strikes by the Arab coalition have struck civilian targets on at least four different occasions in recent weeks, including a wedding party on Sept. 28 that killed 131 people.
The Houthi-controlled Saba news agency said at least 12 Hadi supporters were killed in an ambush by Houthi fighters in Marib, east of Sanaa. Reuters could not verify the deaths.
At least 5,400 people have been killed since the war began in March.
How private are your medical records? You'd think they'd be pretty damn private, considering Congress specifically passed a law regulating the disclosure of these sensitive records. Some states feel the same way, extending even greater privacy protections to things like prescription records.
[...] Seems pretty locked down, but as Leslie Francis and John Francis point out at the Oxford University Press blog, federal law enforcement agencies have undone both Congressional protections and state protections.
Utah's requirement for a warrant conflicts with the federal Controlled Substances Act (CSA), which permits the DEA to issue administrative subpoenas for information relating to individuals suspected of violations of the CSA. According to a US Department of Justice report, administrative subpoenas may be issued by the agency without judicial oversight and without the showing of probable because that would be required for a warrant.
When states provide more protections to residents than the federal government's willing to grant, it's often the state laws that lose, especially when controlled substances are involved. Such is the case here, at least so far. The DEA demanded the release of patient info/prescription records without a warrant, something forbidden by Utah law. The state objected to the DEA's records demand. The DEA responded by flexing its considerable federal muscle.
The DEA countered with the Supremacy Clause: valid federal laws are superior to conflicting state laws.
The court ended up agreeing with the DEA: patient info and prescription records aren't afforded additional privacy protections, no matter what HIPAA/state laws have to say about the matter.
I'll admit right up front here that I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to creepy stuff. I've never been into scary movies, and even cover my eyes during the fake surgery scenes in “House.” But on my first trip to Italy, when I heard there was a chapel in Rome which had decorated its walls with the bones of more than 4,000 monks, I knew I had to see it. Little did I know at the time, bone churches in Europe aren't that uncommon. Which is excellent news if you, like me, are on a mission to see all the bone churches you can. Bone churches, more accurately called “ossuaries,” exist in several countries in Europe, and can consist of everything from piles of decorated skulls to pieces of wall art made up of various human bones. If you'd like to make a tour of Europe's bone churches, these are the spots you'll definitely want to have on your list.
Capuchin Crypt – Rome, Italy
Since this was my introduction to bone churches – and a fine introduction at that – let's have it be your introduction as well. Rome's Capuchin Crypt occupies a tiny space underneath the Santa Maria della Immacolata Concezione dei Cappuccini church in Rome. And while it's not a crypt in the same sense as the Paris catacombs, the walls of this series of small chapels are entirely decorated with the bones of Capuchin monks, so the word “crypt” definitely feels like an apt moniker when you're there. The soil in the crypt was brought from Jerusalem and is considered holy, so burial space disappeared quickly. To make room for additional people who wanted to be buried in that soil, they began removing bones of previously-buried monks and stacking them. Eventually, someone had the brilliant (well, I think it's brilliant, anyway) idea of using those bones to decorate the walls.
“”As you are, we once were. As we are, you shall be one day.””
The crypt features the bones of more than 4,000 monks who died between 1528 and 1870. There are six small chapels in the Capuchin Crypt, and all but one is creatively adorned with bones. Furthermore, some of the bone-covered chapels feature predominantly one particular bone. For instance, there's a “Crypt of the Leg Bones and Thigh Bones” and a “Crypt of the Pelvises.” My favorite bits of decor are the little grim reaper sculpted from bones, featured on one chapel's ceiling, and the sign in the final chapel which says, “As you are, we once were. As we are, you shall be one day.” These may not be signs of the monks having a sense of humor, but they certainly make me giggle. >> Find airfare to Rome
>> Eat your way around Rome
>> Book hostels in Rome
Sedlec Ossuary – Sedlec, Czech Republic
Outside the town of Kutná Hora in the Czech Republic (an easy and popular day-trip from Prague) sits the town of Sedlec, which may be famous for nothing besides its tiny bone church. Located beneath the Church of All Saints, the Sedlec Ossuary is – like the Capuchin Crypt – a massive collection of bones which have been arranged as art on the walls. The ossuary was built in the 15th century in order to make room in the small adjacent cemetery for more burials, but it wasn't until 1870 that the collected piles of bones were put to any kind of artistic use. That year, a local wood carver was hired to make sense of the bone chaos – but it's unclear whether his bone art was exactly what the church had in mind.
“… a local wood carver was hired to make sense of the bone chaos – but it's unclear whether his bone art was exactly what the church had in mind.”
Among the decorations in the Sedlec Ossuary, there's a coat of arms on one wall representing a prominent local family of the time, and a massive chandelier (that actually works) hanging in the center of the room made entirely from bones. Not only that, the “artist” left his mark in bones – his signature and the date is crafted in bones near the church's entrance. >> Book tickets to Prague
>> Find a hostel in Prague
>> Learn what you should know about Prague
Medieval Ossuary – Wamba, Spain
The tiny town of Wamba outside the city of Valladolid in northern Spain is home to yet another giant collection of bones, and like many other bone churches the original reason for piling the bones up was a simple lack of space remaining in the cemetery. The Medieval Ossuary in Wamba is in the Church of Santa Maria and contains bones from hundreds of villagers who died between the 12th and 18th centuries. Unlike some of the other bone churches, the Wamba ossuary doesn't have walls or ceilings which are ornately decorated with bones. Instead, the bones are just in huge piles – they're organized piles, but they're piles. Researchers have studied the bones and learned a great deal about medieval village life in Spain, but since all the bones are mixed together it's impossible to put together a complete skeleton of one particular human being.
“As you see yourself, I saw myself too. As you see me, you will see yourself. Everything ends in this. Think about it and you won't fall into sin.”
The designers of the Wamba ossuary wanted to convey the same kind of message to visitors as the designers of the Capuchin Crypt in Rome, because a sign over the entrance to the ossuary/shrine reads: “As you see yourself, I saw myself too. As you see me, you will see yourself. Everything ends in this. Think about it and you won't fall into sin.” >> Find flights to Spain
>> Search hostels in Madrid
Hallstatt Karner – Hallstatt, Austria
While most of the bone churches in Europe are filled with the bones of people who died hundreds of years ago, the ossuary in Hallstatt is different. The tradition in Austria has long been that graves are merely rented, and once the rental period is up bones are exhumed and moved to a karner, or bone house. The little Austrian village of Hallstatt is so small that the grave-rental period is a short 10 years.
“…and each skull has been lovingly painted with its previous owner's name, profession, and death dates.”
One Hallstatt karner in particular, the Roman Catholic parish church, draws more visitors than just relatives paying their respects, as it has the skulls of more than 600 people on display – and each skull has been lovingly painted with its previous owner's name, profession, and death dates. While the last skull in the Hallstatt ossuary – a UNESCO World Heritage Site – dates from 1983, there are still requests today for individual skulls to be placed there after being appropriately dried and decorated. >> Find airfare to Austria
>> Book a hostel in Vienna
San Bernardino alle Ossa – Milan, Italy
In the high fashion capital that is Milan, you might not expect something as morbid as a bone church. But a few steps from the city's famous Duomo is a church with a tiny chapel in the back that's absolutely full of bones. The church of San Bernardino alle Ossa is unremarkable in most respects, but once you find the sign pointing you to the “ossario,” you're in luck. The footprint of the ossuary is incredibly small, but the ceiling soars overhead so there's plenty of space on the high walls for the stacks of bones. For the most part, there's nothing much that's artistic about the displays – they're essentially just carefully placed skulls and large bones. But in the two biggest wall panels, the large bones make up the background while the skulls are strategically arranged to make the symbol of the cross. >> Book Milan hotels
>> Find flights to Milan
Capela dos Ossos – Evora, Portugal
Bone churches by and large tend to be structures into which piles of bones have been placed. The Capela dos Ossos in the Church of St. Francis in Evora, Portugal, on the other hand, seems to be made of bones. The very walls of the chapel have bones in them, with cement holding everything together. Even the pillars supporting the ceiling have skulls running up and down them. Built in the 16th century, the Capela dos Ossos (or Chapel of Bones) was built with the goal of pointing out how short life is. The poem at the chapel's entrance emphasizes this, as it reads in part, “Where are you going in such a hurry, traveler? Pause … You have no greater concern than this one. … Recall how many have passed from this world, reflect on your similar end. Our bones that are here await yours.”
“Where are you going in such a hurry, traveler? Pause … You have no greater concern than this one. … Recall how many have passed from this world, reflect on your similar end. Our bones that are here await yours.”
Estimates are that there are roughly 5,000 bodies whose skeletons are represented in the chapel, and if that's not macabre enough for you there are also two bodies hanging from chains – and one of them is that of a child. >> Book flights to Lisbon
>> Look for cheap hotels in Lisbon
>> Discover the many drinks of Portugal
Capuchin Catacombs of Palermo – Palermo, Italy
For many, the word “catacombs” conjures up images of the underground burial vaults in Paris and Rome where bones are stacked along the walls. In Palermo, it's something quite different. The Capuchin Catacombs of Palermo are famous not just for the interesting way in which the dead are arranged, but also because of one amazingly well-preserved mummy. Once again, the Palermo catacombs got their start in the late 16th century when the monks ran out of space in the cemetery. The climate in the underground space turned out to be ideal for preserving bodies, such that even some of the oldest skeletons in the catacombs still have some skin and hair left on them. The last body to be placed in the catacombs was that of a two-year-old girl called Rosalia Lombardo, who remains so lifelike today that she looks like she could wake up from her nap any second and run outside to play – except she died in 1920. Rosalia's body was perfectly preserved thanks to an embalming method which was, at the time, revolutionary. The specific formula was lost for decades, but was recently rediscovered – and what's more, it still works. >> Find hostels in Palermo
St. Michan's Church – Dublin, Ireland
While this isn't technically a bone church, it fits nicely under the category of places to see skeletons. The burial vault that was built underneath St. Michan's Church in Dublin may not have been intended as the perfect place to preserve bodies, but the limestone walls have resulted in a space where nothing rots. So as the coffins around the bodies disintegrate over time, the bodies themselves are left exposed and largely mummified. Many of the bodies kept under St. Michan's aren't on public display, but visitors still flock to see the room containing four caskets without lids. The bodies of the four are entirely visible, including the mummified skin, and two of the bodies were cut into pieces before they went into their coffins. One of the bodies in the vault is a nun buried 400 years ago, though she's not one of the bodies that's visible to the public. >> Find flights to Dublin
>> Book a Dublin hostel
Catacombs – Paris, France
One of the most well-known collections of bones is also the largest and most-visited. The Catacombs of Paris contain a whopping six million bodies' worth of bones spanning the walls of more than 300km of tunnels. You won't see it all, and you shouldn't try – but a guided tour is definitely something on many tourist to-do lists.
“The Catacombs of Paris contain a whopping six million bodies' worth of bones…”
Apple's Find My Friends, a mostly-unrelated concept.
Perhaps you've heard of Bang With Friends. It's a rather controversial thing. Simply put, it's a Facebook and mobile app that lets you pick which of your friends you'd like to "bang." Oh, but it's more clever than that: the app won't reveal your intentions until that friend picks you back. Then, theoretically, you can clandestinely meet for a night of sex without any fear of rejection, or the need for awkward dates, and none of your other friends will be the wiser. Needless to say, some people aren't so happy about the idea. They're worried that it objectifies people, that it could promote infidelity, and other things of the sort.
It's a shame everyone is so fixated on the titillating aspects of Bang With Friends, because there's a genius idea lurking just underneath the surface. When the creators of Bang With Friends went looking for a fling, they stumbled upon a formula that could bring people closer together, period.
What if you could talk about any embarrassing or obscure thing, knowing that another person already shares your interest?
You probably have a number of interests that you wouldn't bring up in casual conversation, and don't display proudly on your Pinterest board. Things you don't ‘like' on Facebook, that you don't share to any but your closest Google+ circles, and that you certainly wouldn't tweet about. Your true tastes in music. Your Pokémon addiction. Perhaps even your favorite kind of porn. Your political stance, if it's controversial. They aren't necessarily deep secrets, but perhaps just mildly embarrassing things that you wouldn't want to broadcast to the world.
Fear of being judged
And broadcast is indeed what you'd be doing in the modern era. None of these communication channels are really secure, and all of them are places where exposing your tastes could potentially cost you a job. So today, we build up collections of "safe" interests in public, and save our true feelings for anonymous chatrooms... except for the few of us brave or foolhardy enough to not give a damn. And when you do find people on IRC or 4Chan who share your interests, do you take them out to lunch? No, not if you might be worried that their friendly emoji could conceal a murderous plot.
But the double-blind Bang With Friends formula could bridge that lonely anonymity with real, human interaction.
Imagine this: Instead of secretly telling one person that you'd like to bang them, you secretly tell everyone that you love Barry Manilow... but just like Bang With Friends, only the people who also admit that they love Barry Manilow will be allowed to know. Now, perhaps you wouldn't want to trust a company with that kind of information, with all the security breaches and hacks as of late.
But if there was one you could trust...
You walk into a party, and instead of treading water in casual conversation for hours on end, you simply look down at your phone. Right there are pictures of the people who share embarrassing interests with you, so you can clandestinely meet up and talk about them. You can chat the night away about Magic: The Gathering if that's your cup of tea, and perhaps you'll move on to other topics you hadn't even thought to share. Perhaps, enamored by all the secret silly and private meaningful things you have in common, you'll even hook up later that week.
In that context, banging with friends doesn't sound like such a bad idea.
(Quin Hillyer, Liberty Headlines) A federal district judge in Louisiana soon will rule whether a “movement” such as Black Lives Matter can be sued for damages even if it is not officially incorporated.
A Baton Rouge police officer is suing Black Lives Matter (BLM) after he suffered head injuries allegedly inflicted by rioters among those involved in a protest organized by BLM. The protest was part of an angry reaction after a black man named Alton Sterling was shot and killed by a white officer during a confrontation near a Baton Rouge convenience store.
The officer's suit says that DeRay Mckesson of Baltimore, who has described himself as a leader of BLM, “incited the violence” that injured the cop while Mckesson was acting on behalf of Black Lives Matter.
BLM's attorneys argue that it can't be sued because it isn't a formal organization and has no governing body, by-laws or official membership. The police officer's lawyers disagree, saying it effectively is an organized body liable for its followers' actions because “they have meetings; they solicit money; they have national chapters [which demonstrate] “a level of national organization.”
The national BLM web site defines itself, in the very first sentence of its self-description, as “a chapter-based national organization working for the validity of Black life.” [Italics added; capitalization of “black” in the original.] “We have put our sweat equity and love for Black people into creating a political project – taking the hashtag off of social media and into the streets.”
At the bottom of the web page, it again claims that “This is the Official #BlackLivesMatter Organization….”
The case is similar to a suit filed by a Dallas police officer last September in response to the horrendous riots in that Texas city. That suit was dismissed earlier this month.
But if BLM can't be sued, it might need to explain to federal district judge Brian Jackson in Louisiana why a BLM chapter is an organization with standing to file suit in Chicago to force court-monitoring of the Windy City's police department. In that Chicago suit, BLM is one of several named plaintiffs trying to force court oversight of reforms following a Justice Department conclusion that the Chicago police were riven by racial bias and a culture of excessive force.
“The city of Chicago has proven time and time again that it is incapable of ending its own regime of terror, brutality and discriminatory policing,” according to the complaint co-sponsored just last week by Black Lives Matter Chicago.
Granted, the two suits are in different jurisdictions, but BLM may need to answer why it or its various affiliates can sue but can't be sued, can demand court standing but deny that others have standing against it.
In another case, BLM activists, but not the organization as an official entity, are in effect the plaintiffs in a suit filed by the ACLU and others against the New York Police Department after the NYPD refused to comply with a request for any records it might be holding involving those BLM activists.
In Baton Rouge, Judge Jackson said he would rule “within the coming days” about whether the suit against BLM can go forward.
Authorities in Bangladesh appear to be winning the battle to stop people from urinating in public by putting up signs in Arabic, which is regarded by Muslim Bengalis as a sacred language.
READ MORE: ‘Halal sex shop' owner denies opening store in Mecca
Although most Bengalis are not even able to read Arabic, the recent decision of the Religious Affairs Ministry to put up signs telling people not to pee in public seems to be working.
A two-minute video clip has gone viral and is being shared on social media, including Facebook. It shows a group of people approaching a public wall to take a leak, but then as soon as they read the Arabic sign they make sure their flies stay zipped and make a pious gesture in respect to the Arabic language.
Arabic is sacred because it is the language the Koran is written in. Similar signs in the Bengali language were having little effect.
“I don't understand why people urinate by the roadsides. Especially when every mosque provides public toilet facilities,” Matior Rahman, the country's religious affairs minister, says in the video.
A spokesman for the religious affairs ministry said the campaign had been a success.
“We took the initiative to erase the warnings in Bangla language against urinating in public and instead wrote the same message in Arabic, you can see the result yourself – it appears to be a successful campaign so far,” he said.
But it has received harsh criticism from Fariduddin Masud, a well-known cleric, who said it was running the image of Arabic.
“Nobody has the right to use the language of the Koran for such a campaign. The people of the country respect Arabic but that does not mean that we'll tolerate the use of Arabic to stop people from urinating [at street corners],” the cleric said, according to online news portal Natunbarta.com.
The Arabic initiative comes five years after authorities in Dhaka, Bangladesh's capital city, installed over 100 mobile toilets to try and stop people from defecating in the open air.
This study provides compelling evidence that the repeal of Missouri's PTP handgun licensing law, which required all handgun purchasers to pass a background check even for purchases from private sellers, contributed to a sharp increase in Missouri's homicide rate. Our estimates suggest that the law was associated with an additional 55 to 63 murders per year in Missouri between 2008 and 2012 than would have been forecasted had the PTP handgun law not been repealed.
Our analyses ruled out several alternative hypotheses to explain the relatively large and highly statistically significant increase in firearm homicides in Missouri following the repeal of its PTP handgun licensing law. We controlled for changes in unemployment, poverty, policing levels, incarceration rates, trends in crime reflected in burglary rates, national trends in homicide rates, and several kinds of other laws that could affect homicides. That Missouri's sharp increase in firearm homicides was unique within the region, specific to firearms, and was observed in metropolitan jurisdictions across Missouri suggests that unmeasured unique local circumstances (e.g., gang activity and changes in social norms) are unlikely to have biased our estimates of the impact of the policy change. Estimates of the effects of the repeal of Missouri's PTP handgun law were similar for firearm homicides and total homicides using death certificate data for 43 states through 2010, and for murders and non-negligent manslaughters using police reports for all 50 states through 2012. This suggests that the data source and time period studied are unlikely to have biased the findings.
Causal inferences from quasi-experimental studies can be strengthened with empirical evidence supporting the proposed causal chain between the intervention, mediators, and the outcomes under study. Handgun purchaser licensing and universal background checks are hypothesized to affect homicide rates by reducing gun diversions to criminals and other prohibited groups. The evidence that Missouri's increase in firearm homicides was fueled by the state's repeal of its PTP law is bolstered by data indicating that the repeal was immediately followed by a twofold increase in the percentage of crime guns that were recovered by police soon after the guns' retail sales and an unusually large increase in the percentage of Missouri's crime guns that had been purchased from Missouri gun dealers.9 These finding are consistent with prior research showing that states that regulated handgun sales by unlicensed sellers had fewer guns diverted to criminals shortly after in-state retail sales,8 and that states with the most comprehensive handgun sales laws including PTP licensing requiring direct interface with law enforcement have proportionately fewer guns used in crime that were originally sold by in-state retailers.28 , 29 Having a large percentage of crime guns that originate from out-of-state sales, as was the case in Missouri prior to the repeal of its PTP law, is indicative of a restricted supply of guns available to criminals from in-state sources. Restrictions from local suppliers increase prices in the underground gun market and attract suppliers from states with fewer legal impediments to gun diversion.30 , 31
The weakening of Missouri's gun laws may have also contributed to gun trafficking to border states that regulate handgun sales by all sellers via PTP licensing. The number of guns sold in Missouri and later recovered by police in Illinois and Iowa, two border states with handgun purchaser licensing laws, increased 37 % (from 133 to 182) from 2006 (just before Missouri's PTP law was repealed) to 2012 when the overall number of crime guns recovered by police in those states actually declined by 6 %.12
A potential threat to the validity of our estimate of the impact of the repeal of Missouri's PTP law is confounding by the simultaneous adoption of a Stand Your Ground law in Missouri. Controlling for the effects of SYG laws across all states, our estimate of the effect of the repeal of Missouri's PTP law on homicide rates declined slightly but was still substantial and statistically significant at p < .001. A separate analysis of justifiable homicide data from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reports revealed that there were approximately three additional justifiable homicides per year in Missouri following the adoption of the state's Stand Your Ground law above pre-SYG-law levels—less than 1 % of the total number of gun homicides during 2008–2010.
Critics could question the use of a relatively short pre-repeal baseline period used for this study. Using more longitudinal observations can potentially produce more accurate forecasts of the counterfactual in interrupted time-series impact studies. However, the period from 1985 to 1998 included dramatic increases and decreases in US homicide rates. Experts believe that these changes were driven by factors that could not be directly measured (e.g., dynamics of the crack cocaine market, and changes in social norms)32 and thus controlled statistically and that these unmeasured forces appear to have been uneven across states.19 Such conditions pose considerable challenges for deriving unbiased estimates of policy impacts. By limiting the analyses to the relatively stable period of 1999–2012, we minimized the potential for omitted variable bias that would have likely been introduced by including data from this earlier time period.
The generalizability of our findings to other states with PTP handgun laws is unknown. Data from a recent cross-sectional study indicated that PTP licensing laws and universal background check requirements were associated with lower homicide rates after controlling for other population risk factors;9 however, the lack of longitudinal data weakens causal inference from that study. We caution, however, that passage of a PTP handgun licensing law with mandatory background checks and record keeping for all handgun sales may not result in as immediate and large a reduction in firearm homicides as occurred in reverse when Missouri's law was repealed. Although our findings indicate that Missouri benefited from the protective effects of its PTP law before the law's repeal, the beneficial effects of new laws of this type may be more gradual as enforcement practices are put in place, awareness of the law increases, and the stock of guns available in the underground market is depleted. Additional methodologically rigorous research of the impact of other laws of this type is warranted.
Monifa, whose name means "I am lucky" in Nigeria, was born three weeks ago after a difficult breach birth.
Unable to stand or feed herself, the piglet-sized hippo had to be nursed round the clock by staff at Taronga Zoo in the Australian city.
Keepers Renae Zammit and Tracy Roberts spent a fortnight sleeping with and hand-feeding Monifa from a teated syringe until she was nursed to full health.
The infant has now moved into her own pen and is ready to follow the footsteps of her father Timmy, the last pygmy hippo born at Taronga Zoo 23 years ago.
Monifa has now doubled in weight and is drinking from a bowl, content to suckle the thumb of her keepers. A delighted Misss Zammit said Monifa was already showing signs of playfulness.
"She's such an inquisitive little thing and loves bath time, she even turns somersaults in the water," she said.
The endangered species, whose natural habitat is the lowland tropical forests of west Africa, grows to about four feet in height - almost half the size of other hippos.
There are believed to be just 3,000 pygmy hippos living in the wild, mostly in Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast and Nigeria.
Their numbers have fallen due to the constant threat of poaching, natural predators and war in west African countries.
A Pennsylvania man has been charged after illegally accessing more than 100 Apple and Google e-mail accounts, most of them belonging to female celebrities, officials said Tuesday.
Ryan Collins, 36, sent phishing e-mails to his victims and later obtained personal information including nude photographs and videos after he gained access to the accounts, the U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California said. The scheme took place from November 2012 until September 2014. Collins at times used a software program to download the entire contents of the victims' Apple iCloud backups, officials said.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The Lancaster, Pennsylvania man has agreed to plead guilty to a felony violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and to one count of unauthorized access to a protected computer to obtain information. He faces a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison.
The investigation came after a host of iCloud accounts were targeted and hacked in 2014—an incident known as Celebgate—with private photographs from a range of celebrities including actress Jennifer Lawrence and model Kate Upton subsequently released online. Investigators have not uncovered any evidence that links Collins to the actual leaks.
“By illegally accessing intimate details of his victims' personal lives, Mr. Collins violated their privacy and left many to contend with lasting emotional distress, embarrassment and feelings of insecurity,” David Bowdich, the Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office, said in a statement. “We continue to see both celebrities and victims from all walks of life suffer the consequences of this crime and strongly encourage users of Internet-connected devices to strengthen passwords and to be skeptical when replying to emails asking for personal information.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
HATE preachers and terrorists face being stripped of their Australian citizenship and sent back to their original countries under tough anti-terrorism measures being examined by the Abbott Government.
The proposal would see immigrants who became Australian citizens but then preached hate or carried out terrorist attacks given a one-way ticket back to their birth countries, or a third nation.
The move could for the first time encompass Australian citizens who were not dual nationals, meaning the terrorists and hate preachers would have to be accepted by another country.
DAN TEHAN: AUSSIE CITIZENSHIP IS A GIFT THAT TERRORISTS SEEK TO DESTROY
That would mean people such as Melbourne hate preacher Harun Mehicevic, who migrated from Bosnia but became an Australian citizen in 1996, are on notice they could be stripped of their citizenship if found to be acting against the interests of Australia.
A Cabinet source said the plan would not affect Australian-born citizens who do not have or have not held another nationality.
media_camera Man Haron Monis could have been a candidate for deportation under the proposal.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has indicated support for stripping dual nationals of their citizenship: “We cannot allow bad people to use our good nature against us.”
And in a sign of the growing momentum within the Government for an overhaul of the Citizenship Act, the chairman of Parliament's powerful Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security, Dan Tehan, has called for an international agreement signed with the United Nations to be amended to give Australia more power to banish terrorists.
media_camera Abdul Nacer Benbrika.
The Government has been examining the Citizenship Act since February but until now was believed to be focused on dual nationals, such as the leaders of the 2005 MCG terror plot, Abdul Nacer Benbrika and Mohamed Ali Elomar.
But Mr Tehan has gone further, writing in the Herald Sun that Australia should follow Britain in cracking down on citizens who betray the country that has bestowed citizenship upon them.
“It is time we looked at new ways to revoke the citizenship of those who wish to harm us and have abused those rights and privileges,'' he said.
Mr Tehan, the Liberal MP for Wannon, said the new laws introduced by the United Kingdom were “a sensible example for Australia”.
Since Australia's terror threat level was raised to high last September, 23 people have been arrested in eight counterterrorism operations.
Government sources have told the Herald Sun that the agreement Australia signed with the UN in 1973 meant Australian citizens could not be stripped of their citizenship.
More than 60 countries have signed up to the UN Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness 1961, which is one of two treaties spelling out the legal framework to protect refugees and individuals from being rendered stateless, or without a country to call home.
It makes it almost impossible for a government to strip citizenship from a person who is not a dual national.
But unlike Australia several countries, including the UK and New Zealand, lodged notices called “reservations'' at the time they signed the treaty, which gave them greater powers to revoke citizenship.
Mr Tehan is calling for Australia to lodge a late “reservation'', arguing the treaty makes it more difficult for Australia to consider treason charges against some terrorists.
If Australia had previously been able to strip Australian citizenship from those who had given up their birth-country citizenship, the Government would have been able to deport Man Haron Monis, the Iranian-born hate preacher who raged against Australia for years despite being awarded citizenship.
He then went on to launch the Lindt cafe siege last year, which claimed two lives.
ellen.whinnett@news.com.au
TORY MSP Adam Tomkins is being paid to speak at conferences of a right-wing think tank called the Liberty Fund that has links to a body that was reportedly involved in drawing up US President-elect Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court judges.
Tomkins lists on his MSP's register of interests that he is “a conference delegate” for Liberty Fund and that he receives “remuneration of between £500 and £1,000 per annum”.
However, the Sunday Herald can reveal that the Liberty Fund lists the Federalist Society as one with which it holds “co-sponsored” conferences.
The Federalist Society has been reported in the American media to be involved in drawing up Trump's list of potential Supreme Court judges, which opponents have warned is likely to have abortion and gun rights on its agenda.
Trump told Republican House leadership during a meeting on Capitol Hill that he would come out with a list, assisted by conservative groups the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, of judicial nominations he would make if he had the opportunity to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court, according to a source reported in the US media.
At the time, Trump also said the members present at the meeting should submit names to him and he would put them on the list.
Tomkins's work for a right wing American think tank with links to Trump supporters is at odds with Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson's opposition to the election of the US President-elect.
His links to the American right will also raise questions about the company kept by Tomkins, who is the Tory welfare spokesman at Holyrood.
The Liberty Fund also holds co-sponsored conferences with right wing US groups such as the Charles Koch foundation and the Cato Institute.
Tomkins already has come under fire for failing to attend an event of his parliamentary committee on the same day he was lecturing as part of a lucrative academic post he is paid for on top of his MSP's salary.
The Glasgow list MSP stayed away from a Scottish Parliament and Westminster joint session held to “learn more about welfare reform in Scotland” - a subject that relates to his shadow cabinet brief.
Tomkins was teaching at the University of Glasgow's law school that day as part of his obligations for an annual contract worth between £30,000 and £35,000, on top of his parliamentary salary of £58,000 per year.
However, Tomkins has now put in his apologies for another Holyrood social security event committee tomorrow. The meeting is a fact-finding visit to a jobcentre to learn about universal credit.
The news came after his fellow Tory MSP Douglas Ross also faced fresh criticism for a missed parliamentary committee to referee a Champions League match in Portugal.
Ross was an assistant referee at the clash between Sporting Lisbon and Real Madrid on Tuesday, which meant he was unable to attend a justice committee meeting in the Scottish Parliament.
The MSP earns up to £40,000 a year as a self-employed specialist assistant football referee, according to his Scottish Parliament register of interests.
SNP MSP James Dornan claimed the outside paid interests of Ross and Tomkins displayed an arrogant attitude towards voters who elected them in May.
He said: “Douglas Ross has insisted that he'll continue to skip his parliamentary duties to take glamour trips abroad with his £40k-a-year third job.
“Yet in the past Mr Ross assured voters that he'd give up midweek games and only referee on weekends. He needs to tell us what's changed.
“And why has he repeatedly volunteered for midweek games knowing that this would mean being AWOL in his day job?
“The arrogant comments from these Tories show that they think they can do what they want, and are treating the people of Scotland with contempt.
“Rather than running around trying to get herself on every chat show in the country, it's time Ruth started focussing on her day job – and got her colleagues to do the same.”
A Scottish Tory spokesperson defended the activities of both Tomkins and Ross.
They said: “The Liberty Fund conferences and academic publishing programmes are unrelated to their political activities in the US.
“The SNP wish they had someone of Douglas's quality, and that's probably what's driving this witch-hunt. He is committed 100 per cent to his role as an MSP, and the party is 100 per cent committed to him.”
Image copyright Peter Whitfield Image caption Ian Toothill, a Sheffield Wednesday fan, agreed to plant the flag of rivals Sheffield United at the summit of Everest
A terminal cancer patient who has been told he has just months to live has conquered Mount Everest.
Ian Toothill said he believes he is the first cancer patient to scale the world's highest mountain.
The Sheffield Wednesday fan planted a flag of rivals Sheffield United at the summit for charity.
The 47-year-old personal trainer, who reached the summit on Monday, has raised money for cancer charity Macmillan.
He tweeted: "Nothing to see here, just some cancer dude [Sheffield Wednesday] fan on the summit of Everest with a @SUFC_tweets flag."
Live updates and this and other stories from Yorkshire
Mr Toothill, originally from Sheffield, lives in Willesden Green in London and has climbed in the Himalayas.
Image copyright Ian Toothill Image caption Ian Toothill reached the top of the North Col route on Mount Everest on 16 May
He was diagnosed with bowel cancer in June 2015 and told in early 2016 that he had beaten the disease, but later found out it had returned.
He said he has been told he has "just several months left to live".
Speaking to BBC Radio Sheffield in February, he said: "I'm determined to prove anything is possible."
'Amazing achievement'
He reached the top of the North Col route on 16 May and the summit of Everest on 5 June.
Miss NJP tweeted: "What an amazing achievement and a wonderful moment for @IanToothill. Feeling emotional. So glad you made it to the top #climbingforcancer".
The Sheffield Wednesday fan planted the rival Sheffield United flag at the summit after a friend donated £1,000.
Mr Toothill was accompanied part-way of the climb by Leslie Binns, from Rotherham, who abandoned his climb to the summit after saving the life of a fellow climber last June.
His fundraising bid raised almost £31,500, most of which was used to pay for his trip. The rest was donated to the charity.
Image copyright Ian Toothill Image caption Ian Toothill's tweet on 20 May said: "For those who with suffer daily because of cancer, I climb for you. For those who lost the battle with cancer and the friends and families left to pick up broken pieces, I climb for you."
Officials in Rio de Janeiro are identifying two cases of Zika virus infection every hour. A report from O Globo highlights the role neglect among Brazilian officials has played in allowing mosquito infestation in many of the nation's urban hubs.
O Globo reported the government reported 1,499 notifications of the disease in the first 29 days of 2016. Doctors confirmed 64 Zika cases among those. Despite the outbreak, officials have not demanded that hospitals report confirmed Zika cases for tracking. Edimilson Migowski, chief of pediatric infectious diseases at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), claims the “records of suspected cases account for only 2% of the total number of infected people, which is close to 75,000.”
Migowski also blamed the city council for the disease because officials have not held an Index Survey on the Aedes aegypti mosquito since last October. These surveys track Aedes aegypti mosquitos, which carry the Zika virus. Silvia Cavalcantti, graduate coordinator in Microbiology UFF [Fluminense Federal University], placed the same complaint.
“Working with a LIRAa [the survey] is something basic,” she explained. “Knowing the most affected areas is essential to promote more intensive actions against epidemics. If the surveys show that an area is at risk, agents can be relocated to minimize the effects.”
She added: “In addition, the work must be done all year. It's no use fighting the vector seasonally.”
In 2014, the World Health Organization (WHO) warned dengue and chikungunya, diseases spread by the same mosquitos, would dominate in 2015. Last January, doctors attempting to diagnose these diseases recorded patients experiencing low-grade fevers and joint pain, which do not fit the symptoms of those diseases. They urged the government not to classify the cases as dengue.
“But the authorities were slow to believe,” said Carlos Brite, a doctor in Recife, the epicenter of Zika.
Officials finally acknowledged Zika in May. Claudio Maierovitch, director of the health ministry's Department of Communicable Disease Surveillance, insisted they received the warnings “too early” and science showed them that Zika only causes mild fevers without major complications. It took them another six months to link the disease to microcephaly, which causes infants to develop skulls too small for their brains.
Gubio Soares, a virologist at the Federal University of Bahia in Brazil, discovered some of the earliest cases of Zika in April 2015. He recently told reporters he never received funding for research and the government never reached out to him.
“I have no funding for Zika,” he said. “I've never been invited by any official to develop a research project.”
O Globo also reported the Ministry of Health “stressed” that officials continue to gather information about Aedes aegypti, but residents in poor cities like Rocinha and affluent neighborhoods like Alto Leblon have noticed standing water and neglect from state workers.
“In the last two years, no one from the city has done mosquito surveys,” said Ednaldo, who has worked in the neighborhood for 27 years. “The agents arrive with a piece of paper, sign it, and then do nothing. Previously they put larvicidal powder into the drains and saucers of plants. But there are more. If you do a survey on the street, you will find many mosquito breeding grounds.”
Ednaldo also criticized the residents in the neighborhood.
“Dwellers in my building let water accumulate in saucers,” he exclaimed. “People here are the type who ask to save water, but also allow a child to play two hours outside with the hose. It is carelessness.”
Community organizer José Martins has not witnessed any inspections from state workers in Rocinha.
“For decades we have been advocating for improvements in sanitation as the number one priority for public investments here while the government has insisted on flashier interventions that do not save money on healthcare costs down the line,” he vented. “Street carnival parades pass through here as well. People live here where there is already a higher instance of tuberculosis and other diseases.”
The National Institutes of Health confirmed that the Zika virus outbreak has reached pandemic levels in Latin America.
“You have multiple countries in South America and in the Caribbean, so by anybody's definition that would be considered a pandemic,” explained Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the infectious diseases branch at the institute.
As the game becomes faster and more attacking, some feel old-school flankers are becoming obsolete. But the masters of the turnover will always have their place
Ability on the floor remains crucial
There is a view that as the game becomes faster and more attacking, flankers like Sam Warburton are becoming obsolescent. Someone should tell Thierry Dusautoir after the former France captain last Saturday gave a vintage display at the breakdown to frustrate Wasps at the Ricoh Arena, at least for the first hour.
The referee John Lacey was widely criticised for his handling of the tackle area with a number of decisions going against the team in possession, and in general it will probably not be one of the matches he looks back on fondly at the end of his career, but much of Dusautoir's work went unseen at first glance among piles of bodies.
He won three penalties in the first 25 minutes through first his reading of the game, knowing when to compete for possession, and then by his strength, remaining on his feet as he contested for possession. He forced the ball-carrier to either hold on or tempt a support player to put his hands beyond the ball to give away a penalty.
Eddie Jones: ‘I want England to be the best. You should never be satisfied' Read more
It was Dusautoir's brilliance rather than any desire of Lacey's to penalise the attacking team that helped stop Wasps' early momentum. One decision appeared unduly harsh against the home team but a review of the replay showed the Frenchman forcing the mistake and even in his twilight years he continues to show the value of brain allied with technique.
It is players like Dusautoir and Warburton who maximise the opportunities for the quick players out wide, as Wasps well appreciate after having George Smith in their team last season. Warburton is one of the hardest players to dislodge when he pins himself over the ball trying to force a turnover and in a week when he has lost the captaincy of Wales, something he held for nearly six years, there is a perception that his international days are coming to an end having been overtaken by the likes of Justin Tipuric and Thomas Young, whose pace, handling and passing make them more suited to the wider approach that has been adopted by Wales in the last year.
Stuart Barnes wrote last week, comparing Warburton to Tipuric, that the former was more of a modern athlete, without the touches and overloaded with power, something that suited Wales at their peak under Warren Gatland because their gameplan then “limited the potential of the openside, favouring the rugged and feisty Warburton”.
For a Tipuric to shine, there needs to be a Warburton, someone who wins prime attacking possession. A year ago, Chris Robshaw's international obituary was written, but instead of finishing his Test career as the man who captained England when they were knocked out of their own World Cup at the group stage, he switched from the openside to to blindside and became, in the words of Eddie Jones, the glue that held the team together in an unbeaten 2016.
It may be that Warburton moves sides to accommodate Tipuric, something he has done in the past, including last autumn, but he is less of a No6 than Robshaw because he carries less to maximise his turnover opportunities. As Wales are without their other immovable object over the ball for the Six Nations, Gethin Jenkins, Warburton's value has not diminished.
It may be that he starts on the bench in Rome for the opening Six Nations match against Italy, if the Bath No8 Taulupe Faletau has recovered from a knee injury – his club expects him to be out for another 10 days – with Tipuric and Ross Moriarty selected as the flankers, but England at home six days later is another matter.
It is a game Wales will be targeting after three successive defeats in the Six Nations to an England side that will be missing its two most prolific gainline stormers, the Vunipola brothers. Warburton's presence would give Wales the opportunity of forcing England to play behind the advantage line when they would have the option of either trying to run their way out of trouble or kicking the ball to their opponents.
Warburton may no longer be Wales's captain or an automatic pick on the openside, but he still has premium value. Australia moved David Pocock all over the back row, playing him at No8 for a while, because of the turnovers he generated. Like Dusautoir, age did not diminish the effectiveness of Richie McCaw because his ability to read a game compensated for any loss in mobility. It was hard to tell George Smith's age last season as he was invariably where he needed to be.
Warburton is in that category. He may not show his emotions and he is a player, unlike his successor Alun Wyn Jones, who tends to peak for the big occasion. Jones plays the same whether New Zealand are the opposition or Zebre's third team, ruthlessly competitive and holding nothing back.
If it was Warburton's detachment that may have earned him the captaincy over Jones in 2011, he has shown his will to win for Wales, never flinching from contact and putting himself where it hurts. His opponents over the years have cited him as a player they fear and as Wales move from a phase when they minimised risk and tried to squeeze opponents to one where they look to do more in possession, Warburton's ability on the floor will remain crucial.
There is a saying in boxing that first your legs go and then your friends. Why Warburton has been written off so casually by some in Wales because of his perceived form for the Blues is a question for Gareth Edwards. He rarely reserved his best for his club, Cardiff, averaging around 15 matches a season in his career, but the scrum-half has been voted the greatest player in the history of the game. Warburton's compatriots should be grateful for what they still have.
• This is an extract taken from the Breakdown, the Guardian's weekly rugby union email. To subscribe just visit this page and follow the instructions.
Sprint isn't letting the Department of Justice have the stage to itself when it comes to filing suits against the proposed $39 billion AT&T-T-Mobile merger.
Sprint on Tuesday announced it has brought a lawsuit against AT&T and Deutsche Telekom to block the two companies from merging "as a violation of Section 7 of the Clayton Act." Section 7 of the Clayton Antitrust Act bars any person from acquiring "the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital" that would "substantially ... lessen competition, or to tend to create a monopoly." In its suit, Sprint argues that the proposed merger would violate this act because it would lead to AT&T and Verizon's controlling 75% of the wireless market while taking in 90% of the profits.
BACKGROUND: Feds move to block AT&T-T-Mobile merger
Sprint's antitrust suit comes less than a week after the U.S. Department of Justice filed an antitrust suit against the merger with the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. In its suit, the DOJ similarly argued that the proposed merger would significantly damage competition in the wireless industry, especially since T-Mobile has historically offered low-cost wireless voice and data services for customers. The DOJ also contended that any efficiencies gained by combining AT&T and T-Mobile spectrum would not be enough to offset the damage done to U.S. consumers by further consolidation of the wireless industry.
For its part, AT&T seemed unbowed by the DOJ's suit as AT&T general counsel Wayne Watts released a statement saying the company was "surprised and disappointed by today's action," while also vowing "to ask for an expedited hearing so the enormous benefits of this merger can be fully reviewed."
AT&T's proposed merger with T-Mobile has come under criticism from consumer groups, rival wireless carriers such as Sprint and analyst firms such as the Yankee Group, who contend that the merger will lead to the emergence of a duopolistic wireless telecom market controlled largely by Verizon and AT&T. Were the merger to pass regulatory muster, it would be the fourth major wireless carrier merger in eight years, following AT&T-Cingular in 2004, Sprint-Nextel in 2005 and Verizon-Alltel in 2008. AT&T would become by far the largest wireless carrier in the United States with more than 130 million subscribers.
Read more about anti-malware in Network World's Anti-malware section.
This story, "Sprint sues to block AT&T-T-Mobile merger" was originally published by Network World .
International Bitcoin businesses have been sizing up the African market for some time, but they face massive regulatory hurdles throughout much of the continent.
Bitcoin, a cryptocurrency designed to operate outside the infrastructure of the mainstream financial services industry, seems poised for the same success as initiatives like M-Pesa, which uses the mobile phone network to deliver financial services. But the digital currency's technological advantages may not help it against African regulators who are guarded with which businesses they allow to operate within their jurisdictions.
Africa's money services regulations are generally similar to those instituted in North America, but African regulators are highly concerned about money laundering and terrorist financing, says Mark McKenzie, a financial sector expert with his own consulting practice, Mark McKenzie Consulting.
"Bitcoin is new and Bitcoin has its own challenges. If you release it in Africa and haven't worked out all the kinks you are exposing Africa to additional vulnerabilities," says McKenzie.
Alternative financial services such as M-Pesa are "the best thing that's happened to Africa," he says. "Especially in deep rural areas (prevalent in Africa) as long as people have a cell phone they can have access to money transfer."
But even the telecommunications infrastructure has its issues, including power outages, that may be just as problematic for the digital network Bitcoin businesses use, he says.
Businesses such as BitPesa Ltd. and ZipZap, which provides a Bitcoin-to-cash service in the U.K., are interested in Africa to address the lack of financial services options in the market and to cut the fees associated with traditional remittance companies.
But Kipochi, an African Bitcoin payment service launched last year, tried to connect to M-Pesa and was blocked after just two weeks, according to Kipochi founder Pelle Braendgaard.
Bitcoin was created in 2009 as a payment system that is not reliant on traditional payments infrastructure for the movement of funds and authenticating those transactions. It allows for near real-time transactions that cost only fractions of a penny to process.
Many people have speculated that Bitcoin could save the parties involved in remittance billions of dollars. In a March research report, Goldman Sachs said that Bitcoin could save $43.4 billion on remittances. This would especially help migrant workers and the underbanked.
But even if the cost of executing a bitcoin transfer is low, companies face regulatory and compliance costs associated with being an international money transmitter. These costs might lead Bitcoin businesses to charge higher fees in the future than they do today for domestic transfers.
South Africa usually follows in the footsteps of the U.S. in terms of regulatory procedure, but it may still be a tough market, says Rex McKenzie, PhD, a senior researcher at the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa. (Mark McKenzie and Dr. Rex McKenzie are not related).
"South Africa has a very highly evolved and sophisticated banking system. In many ways it's like a banking center for the rest of Africa and so there is concern about keeping the South African name and reputation clean," says Dr. McKenzie. "South Africa goes to pains and great lengths to make sure that the outside world, particularly Washington, gets a good impression of banking and the regulatory system and monetary policy as well."
Payment companies that work in South Africa must go through a lot of due diligence, Dr. McKenzie says. Even traditional companies such as Western Union and MoneyGram perform extensive documentation and reporting on customers in Africa, he says.
Standard Bank in South Africa announced a Bitcoin account pilot in February, but ended the pilot a few days after the announcement with no plans to launch a full product. The internal Bitcoin pilot project had been ongoing for several months, limited to eight selected members of the bank staff.
"The pilot formed part of Standard Bank's research into activities around internet-based financial services and solutions offerings with the objective to assess Bitcoin, its systems, offerings, challenges and risks," says Ross Linstrom, a spokesman for the bank. "Standard Bank runs such pilots to constantly improve the way it does banking in order to remain relevant to its customers and cater for their ever-changing needs."
There might be more opportunities in Nigeria, which has a large population and is open to outside players, than in a country like Kenya, where M-Pesa is entrenched, Dr. McKenzie says.
Western Union has been expanding its services internationally in recent months. In Nigeria, Western Union partnered with Paga, a mobile payment provider, and eTranzact, a payment processor to offer Nigerian residents a funds transfer service via their mobile device.
But Bitcoin businesses "can't be cowboys here," says Dr. McKenzie, noting the Bitcoin community's reputation as the Wild West of financial services.
The World Bank, an international financial institution developed by the United Nations, and other organizations have worked closely with local regulators in Africa to create appropriate legal and regulatory frameworks for financial services and products.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders listens to a speaker during the King Day at the Dome rally at the S.C. State House on Monday in Columbia, S.C. (Sean Rayford/Getty Images)
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) appears confused or misinformed about Iran and Middle East flash points, a group of foreign policy experts supporting Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton charged Tuesday.
The 10 former officials cite Sanders's call during Sunday night's Democratic presidential primary debate for normalizing relations with Iran, now that the nuclear accord is in place and some U.S. citizens have been released from Iranian detention. They also pointed to an earlier Sanders statement suggesting that Iran should send more troops to Syria and join in a military coalition with Saudi Arabia.
[Amir Hekmati speaks following release from Iranian prison]
“We need a commander in chief who knows how to protect America and our allies and advance our interests and values around the world. The stakes are high,” the group, including former top U.S. nuclear negotiator Wendy Sherman, wrote in a letter released Tuesday. “We are concerned that Senator Sanders has not thought through these crucial national security issues that can have profound consequences for our security.”
President Obama opposes normalized relations, as does Clinton, although Obama had campaigned against Clinton in 2008 on a platform that included an offer of dialogue with Iran.
As Obama's first-term secretary of state, Clinton agreed with the strategy to initiate secret diplomacy that ultimately led to the nuclear deal. She supports the broad international deal reached last year to rein in Iran's nuclear program in exchange for billions in international sanctions relief. Clinton has not hidden her deep skepticism about Iran and her generally hawkish approach, however, and has raised public doubt about Iran's commitment to upholding the agreement.
During Sunday's NBC-YouTube debate, Sanders was asked whether he would support the reopening of a U.S. embassy in Tehran and the establishment of normal diplomatic relations, which ruptured after Iranians stormed the American Embassy in 1979 and took diplomats and other personnel hostage.
[The Fix: Winners and losers from the fourth Democratic presidential debate]
“I think what we have got to do is move as aggressively as we can to normalize relations with Iran, understanding that Iran's behavior in so many ways is something that we disagree with,” Sanders replied.
He cited Iran's alleged support for terrorism and “the anti-American rhetoric that we're hearing from some of their leadership.” He added that the nuclear agreement and the better U.S.-Iranian relations forged during its negotiation were accomplished “without going to war.”
Now it's time to go further, he said.
“Can I tell you that we should open an embassy in Tehran tomorrow? No, I don't think we should. But I think the goal has got to be as we have done with Cuba to move in warm relations with a very powerful and important country in this world.”
Obama, who as a candidate had also pledged to try to bridge the decades long rift with Cuba, has overseen a swift normalizing of relations there over the past 13 months. The U.S. flag was raised over the embassy in Havana last August.
The letter from Clinton supporters, some of whom worked in the Bill Clinton administration, does not mention Cuba. But it questions whether Sanders understands the complex international dynamics surrounding Iran, including the role of U.S. allies.
“We are all strong supporters of the nuclear diplomacy with Iran. Some of us were part of developing the policy that produced the diplomacy over the past several years. And we believe that there are areas for further cooperation under the right circumstances,” the group wrote.
But Sanders “is out of step with the sober and responsible diplomatic approach that has been working for the United States,” by supporting a much warmer relationship, it said.
And his call for a closer partnership between Iran and Saudi Arabia “is just puzzling,” given the two nations' intense rivalry and current estrangement, the group wrote.
The strategy “would fail while causing consternation among our allies and partners.”
Iran has also given no sign that it seeks or would accept a much warmer relationship with the United States, although pragmatist Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has seemed to welcome Obama's limited outreach.
The group also took issue with Sanders for his strategy against the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
“His lack of a strategy for defeating ISIS -- one of the greatest challenges we face today -- is troubling,” the group wrote. “And the limited things he has said on ISIS are also troubling.”
Clinton is seeking a departure from current White House strategy against the Islamic State, including a no-fly zone and other extensions of U.S. might currently oppose by Obama, but the letter does not examine those differences.
“Given these concerns, it is important to ask what he would do on other issues -- on Russia, China, our allies, nuclear proliferation, and so much else,” the group said of Sanders.
“We need a commander in chief who sees how all of these dynamics fit together — someone who sees the whole chessboard, as Hillary Clinton does.”
A Sanders spokesman issued a response late Tuesday.
“Senator Sanders has a lot of respect for the senior U.S. diplomats who support Secretary Clinton and question his views on ISIS and Iran. We certainly concede that former secretary of state Clinton has more experience than Senator Sanders, but his judgment on major foreign policy issues is far superior," spokesman Michael Briggs said.
He noted that Sanders voted against the Iraq war in 2002 while Clinton voted for it, and he said he agrees with Obama that a no-fly zone in Syria opens the door to dangerous consequences.
"As president, Senator Sanders would do all that he could to destroy the barbaric Islamic State terrorist group, but he will do it by maintaining a strong coalition of major powers and our Muslim allies. He agrees with King Abdullah of Jordan that it must be Muslim troops on the ground that destroy ISIS with the support of the United States and other major powers providing air support, training and military equipment," Briggs said. "He will do everything he can to prevent U.S. troops from getting involved in perpetual war in the quagmire of the Middle East."
The pro-Clinton letter is signed by Sherman, the former undersecretary of state for political affairs; Jeremy B. Bash, former chief of staff at the CIA and Pentagon; former White House adviser Rand Beers; former counterterrorism adviser Daniel Benjamin; former undersecretary of state Nicholas Burns; former assistant secretary of defense Derek Chollet; former undersecretary of defense Kathleen Hicks, former undersecretary of defense James N. Miller; and former deputy national security advisers Julianne Smith and retired Lt. Gen. Donald Kerrick.
Hossein Nayeri, 37 (L), Jonathan Tieu, 20 (C), and Bac Duong, 43 (R), are shown in undated mugshots provided by the Orange County Sheriff's Department.
EMBED >More News Videos Eyewitness News got an exclusive look at the planned escape route taken by three inmates who broke out from the Orange County Central Men's Jail.
Authorities arrested a woman believed to have provided key materials to three inmates who escaped the Orange County Central Men's Jail.The Orange County Sheriff's Department announced the arrest Thursday and said "upwards" of 10 arrests had been made in connection to the escape, which includes five arrests made on Wednesday Several other arrests would also be made Thursday involving parole and probation violations, authorities said.OCSD Lt. Jeff Hallock said around 3 p.m., an English as a Second Language (ESL) teacher who had worked for the jail since July 2015 had been taken into custody.Nooshafarin Ravaghi, 44, of Lake Forest, is suspected of directly contributing to the escape of the inmates and providing planning tools, such as Google Maps of the facility, which helped the trio.Ravaghi is currently employed by the Rancho Santiago Community College District as a part-time ESL teacher since late 2014, according to Hallock and the district.An updated photo of Hossein Nayeri, one of the three inmates, was also released by the sheriff's department Thursday morning.Nayeri, along with Jonathan Tieu, 20, and Bac Duong, 43, escaped the prison last Friday using an elaborate plan that involved cutting through steel bars and plumbing tunnels, and rappelling down the building from the jail's roof.Hallock said Nayeri attended several of Ravaghi's classes and authorities are investigating the extent of their relationship."All we know is that there was some type of relationship that developed between the two as a result of initially (what) was a student-teacher relationship and it developed into a close relationship where she then began providing him information," Hallock said.Ravaghi had not been booked into Orange County Jail as of 5 p.m. and the charges she faces were not released. Hallock said she was providing investigators with information, but denied bringing in professional tools.During a Wednesday press conference, Orange County Sheriff Sandra Hutchens said investigators were looking into the possibility that the inmates received help from someone on the outside as well as from anyone inside the facility. She added the tools used to cut through steel bars were professional and not made in jail.The trio were last accounted for at 5 a.m. on Jan. 22, and their disappearance went unnoticed until 16 hours later when an evening count was conducted.Hutchens said she and other investigators believe that Nayeri, 37, is the mastermind behind the escape plan because of his military background. He had been in custody since September 2014 and faced charges for kidnapping and torture, among other charges.Tieu and Duong, both known gang members, had been in custody since October 2013 and December 2015, respectively. Tieu faced such charges as murder and attempted murder, while Duong faced charges for attempted murder, among others.Authorities said Duong was last spotted on Saturday in the south end of Los Angeles and stole a 2008 white GMC Savana utility car that was for sale.A private owner advertised the vehicle and Duong had responded to it, authorities said. He test drove the van, came back and at some point took off with it, Hallock said.The license plate on the van is 8U66466, but Hallock said the plates may have been removed and replaced with yellow or green Felix Chevrolet paper plates. Authorities believe the three suspects are still together and may be living in the van.Anyone with information on the inmates' whereabouts was urged to call the OCSD hotline at (714) 628-7085. Those wishing to remain anonymous may call OC Crime Stoppers at (855) 847-6227.
What a weekend.
In a 72-hour period, social-media pioneer/basketball player Kobe Bryant went down with a devastating, late-career Achilles tear; Tiger Woods hit a shot too perfectly, which resulted in a penalty, a snitch penalty, and then potentially a wrongfully assessed snitch penalty; and at Coachella, Phoenix and R. Kelly decided to play “Ignition (Remix)” together, much to the delight of those with eyes and ears.
The Kobe injury causes intense sadness; Tiger, bitterness; Phoenix and R. Kelly, an extreme case of jealousy. The fourth major thing that took place this weekend, however, brings nothing but pure joy.
The weekend of Daft Punk.
The French duo Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo were rumored to be playing a secret set at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. Thankfully for those of us not in attendance, they did not.
What did take place, however, was a teaser clip for their upcoming album, Random Access Memories, shown on a large Coachella screen Friday night. At the end of the clip was a list of contributors for the album: Panda Bear (founding member of Animal Collective), Julian Casablancas (lead singer of the Strokes), Todd Edwards (co-producer, vocalist on “Face to Face”), DJ Falcon (one half of Together, the house duo with Bangalter), Chilly Gonzales (occasional battle pianist), Giorgio Moroder (legendary producer, film scorer), Nile Rodgers (CHIC, EVERYTHING ELSE), Paul Williams (songwriter, composer, still alive), and Pharrell Williams (NILE RODGERS JR.).
You couldn't think of a weirder, more talented murderers' row of collaborators if you tried.
The following day, during a commercial break for Saturday Night Live, a more polished version of the Coachella teaser was revealed. Warning: It is everything.
The snippet, a portion of the song “Get Lucky,” is terrifyingly infectious. The pace of the song is perfect for frontman Pharrell, who, like Michael Jackson before him, excels when he's moving side to side, one hand in his pocket, instead of nodding forward and backward. Also, he's Benjamin Button.
Pharrell is 40 years old. Just sit and think about that for the rest of your life.
The foursome of Daft, Pharrell, and Nile is almost too much to look at and listen to, because there are few examples of that much musical talent lumped on one stage, on one track, all outfitted by the same robot stylist.
The remainder of April and the majority of May that exists before Daft Punk releases its first studio album in eight years should be an exciting time. For everyone. Not just those of us who listened to Alive 2007 for 19 straight days, because we were “going through some things,” but for those who have any love for timeless music. And pioneers. And the acts that come around once a generation that can produce at whatever speed they see fit, much to the anxious delight of their fan base, because any release is nothing short of a gift to the public.
Echoing Pharrell's boyish falsetto hook:
We're up all night to get lucky
We're up all night to get lucky
We're up all night to get lucky
We're up all night to get lucky
That's the only way I can fully describe waiting for this album to come out. Nervous excitement, coupled with longing and luck that we ever got another Daft Punk album.
These are the best of times.
Daft Punk's Random Access Memories. May 21, 2013. That's in 36 days. And tomorrow, it'll be in 35 days. God bless decreasing integers.
A minor girl was allegedly stabbed to death by her father and uncle on Friday in a suspected case of “honour killing” in Madhya Pradesh's Gwalior, police said, highlighting a practice that claims dozens of lives in India every year.
Police said the victim,,was killed at a shelter for women in the Hazira area of the city, more than 400km from capital Bhopal.
Police said that one of the attackers was injured when a cow, disturbed by the commotion, charged at them. Another person who tried to save the victim was also said to be injured.
CCTV camera footage showed the cow charging at the men, apparently trying to protect its calf nearby.
The two accused, Kalyan Singh and Lakhan Singh, are absconding.
The girl had angered her parents by eloping against their wishes with a 22-year-old man identified as Sonu in January, police said.
Sonu was arrested and sent to jail on the complaint of the minor's father. The victim, however, refused to return to her village Pahadigaon in Morena district and was sent to a government-run shelter following a court's order.
She was later shifted to a shelter run by an NGO where she was attacked.
Hi everyone, this is Yui again with another update
Side Stories
There was a minor issue with the installer that was fixed last week. Final master is being prepared and I'm hoping to have it approved and sent off to print before the weekend. The Steam store page is also being prepared right now. Final package artwork has been approved and sent off to the printer.
Shipping
US Backers - For everyone who's contacted our support staff regarding missing, damaged, and/or incomplete packages and received a response, we have your replacement orders queued for the next shipment batch
AU Backers - The pallet is planned to leave the US warehouse Apr 14/15
EU Backers - The pallet is being prepared to leave the US warehouse and I'm chasing our freight partner for an update on the departure date.
AU/EU Backers - For clarification, customs and import duties are fully covered by us at SP.
There are no excuses to be made about the delays. I have seriously underestimated the time and effort required to move inventory to other continents and sincerely apologize for this. I will continue to keep everyone in the loop as I receive status updates.
Signed Rewards Backers
The CLANNAD boxes have been confirmed received at VisualArts' office in Osaka last week. Once the items are signed they will be shipped back to us and from there we will dispatch with the rest of the rewards in your tier.
Digital Rewards
We will be doing distribution of the soundtrack via Steam and the artbook either via Backerkit or Steam. Steam is used only as the distribution method. The soundtrack will be in FLAC format and DRM-free. After redeeming the code via Steam it will be downloaded to the CLANNAD folder and from there you are free to move it to another folder or computer.
Too Sweet, Or Too Shrill? The Double Bind For Women
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gary Waters/Getty Images/Ikon Images Gary Waters/Getty Images/Ikon Images
Hidden Brain Men: 44, Women: 0 Episode 48: Men: 44, Women: 0 Listen · 21:12 21:12
Fewer than 1 in 5 members of Congress are women. At Fortune 500 companies, fewer than 1 in 20 CEOs are women. And if you look at all the presidents of the United States through Barack Obama, what are the odds of having 44 presidents who are all men?
If men and women had an equal shot at the White House, the odds of this happening just by chance are about 1 in 18 trillion.
What explains the dearth of women in top leadership positions? Is it bias, a lack of role models, the old boy's club? Sure. But it goes even deeper. Research suggests American women are trapped in a paradox that is deeply embedded in our culture.
"It is really the very, very fine line of being a shrew on one hand and a puppet on the other that any woman in public life has to walk," says former U.S. Sen. Carol Moseley Braun, a Democrat from Illinois.
When Moseley Braun was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1992, she achieved a powerful first. She was the first female African-American senator. And in her race for office, she assumed that racism would be a more daunting obstacle than gender bias. But she says, that wasn't the case.
"I think in some regards the gender biases are more profound and more central to our culture than even the racial ones, and that to me was the surprise."
One moment in particular still stays with her, more than 20 years later.
"There was a cartoon from one of the newspapers in the state that showed me as a puppet, with my campaign manager's hand up my dress," she says. "And the idea that I was a puppet of this guy that who was managing my campaign was shocking to me."
But shortly after Braun won her race, she says she confronted a second trap. One day, she made an impassioned plea on the floor of the Senate. But she says, all her colleagues could hear, was a shrill black woman.
Her experience is one that researchers have described as a "double bind" — a set of assumptions that get at our implicit assumptions about men, women and leadership.
"The female gender role is based on the stereotype that women are nice and kind and compassionate," says social psychologist Alice Eagly. By contrast, she says, "in a leadership role, one is expected to take charge and sometimes at least to demonstrate toughness, make tough decisions, be very assertive in bringing an organization forward, sometimes fire people for cause, etc."
So what's a woman to do? Be nice and kind and friendly, as our gender stereotypes about women require? Or be tough and decisive, as our stereotypes about leadership demand? To be one is to be seen as nice, but weak. To be the other is to be seen as competent, but unlikable.
Connie Morella served for 16 years as a Republican congresswoman from Maryland. Like Democrat Braun, she says at times she struggled to be heard.
"In a committee room, when I wasn't chair of the committee, I would respond to a question or comment on an issue, [and] they'd say, 'Thank you, Connie, that was great.' And a little later Congressman Smith would say the same thing, and it was, 'Oh, Congressman Smith ... that was fabulous, let the record show ...' and I'd think, 'Gee, I just said that.' "
How can we tell, with scientific certainty, whether women like Morella and Carol Braun were the victims of bias? When we look at a female leader who appears incompetent or shrill, how do we know if we are seeing reality, or just seeing the world through the lens of our own unconscious biases?
That's where researchers like Madeline Heilman come in. She's a psychology professor at New York University who focuses on gender stereotypes and bias, particularly when it comes to leadership. In one study, Heilman asked volunteers to evaluate a high-powered manager joining a company. Sometimes volunteers are told the manager is a man, other times they're told it's a woman.
"When the person was presented as a high powered person, who was very ambitious, we found that the person was seen as much more unlikable when it was a woman than when it was a man," she says.
In these studies, the high-powered male and female manager are described in identical terms, down to the letter. The only difference is that one is said to be a man, and the other is said to be a woman.
Heilman says that the double bind arises because our minds are trying to align our stereotypes about men and women, with our stereotypes about leadership.
"We have conceptions of these jobs and these positions and what is required to do them well, and there's a lack of fits between how we see women and what these positions require," she says.
The biases Heilman describes aren't just held by men. They're held by both sexes, which explains why many female leaders encounter derision and suspicion from men and women.
"We have very strong feelings about how men and women are, and that leads to this dislike when they go over the line, when they tread where they are not supposed to be."
The good news, says psychologist Eagly, is that our culture's views are always changing. And that includes our views on women, men and the meaning of leadership — whether in elected office or the workplace.
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Carol Moseley Braun was the first African-American U.S. senator. She was in fact the first female African-American senator. An initial version of the podcast episode with the same error has been corrected.
The Hidden Brain Podcast is hosted by Shankar Vedantam and produced Maggie Penman, Jennifer Schmidt, and Renee Klahr. Our supervising producer is Tara Boyle. You can also follow us on Twitter @hiddenbrain, and listen for Hidden Brain stories each week on your local public radio station.
Gentlemen, this is for you. Online dating is becoming an increasingly complex landscape of do's and dont's. For the average person just figuring out what dating app to use is a struggle, but did you know that how you look in you dating profile picture is probably one of the most important factors to securing a potential mate?
While you may think your shirtless Tinder profile with help you scoop all the babes, it isn't working. While you may get some matches, trust us the women that are really interested in chatting with you just because of your shirtless pics probably aren't the best options for a long-term partner, and that's why you're using Tinder… Right?
Lucky for you, Melissa Austria owner of GOTSTYLE recognized that many men struggle with looking good in dating profile pictures. While Melissa isn't on Tinder or anything like that, she would look at her girlfriends Tinder's and was appalled by how awful men's pictures are. The biggest offenders were men 35 and up. This is understandable as most many don't take endless selfies. What's hilarious is that Melissa noticed many dudes posted pictures of themselves with their “ex-other half” cut out…. That's just wrong guys…
Lucky for you, GOTSTYLE has a new in-house service to help. The new service uses GOTSTYLE's in-house stylist and will help you pick up to three great outfits from the store, then will walk around the King West area and take natural pictures of you on your phone so you can easily upload them to social media dating sites all for only $99!
This is truly an amazing service. While you could ask your friends for their opinion there is nothing like getting a professional to help you out.
Head into GOTSTYLE's distillery location to experience a life-changing stylish session that at the very least will get you looking great, with the possibility of meeting the “one”
Check Out these Makeover photos!
By the time you finish reading this sentence, seventeen more pieces will have been published on the subject of Stoner, “the greatest novel you've never heard of.” There appears to be no stopping the flood. Like the four Gospels, the articles, appreciations, analyses, and book reports all say essentially the same thing in slightly different ways. They tell the incredible story of the incredible novel written by someone you've never heard of, despite the fact that he won a National Book Award. The book itself you've definitely never heard of despite the fact that it's been written about in one or two thousand reputable publications and blogs for the past several years, and was once recommended by little-known actor Tom Hanks in a charming little rag called Time magazine. Google “Stoner by John Williams” and you'll find one claim after another—some posted as recently as six seconds ago—that you've never heard of it, despite the fact that, if you're reading the book blogs and review pages in which these claims appear, you almost certainly have.
I read Stoner in 2006 or 2007, soon after the terrific New York Review of Books' publishing imprint reissued it. Writing those words, I am reminded of the punk rock superiority with which my exasperated high school cohorts insisted that they had been wearing Doc Martens boots before wearing Doc Martens boots was cool. But don't get the wrong idea. I didn't read Stoner before it was cool. I read it at precisely the moment it became cool (again) and reentered the collective literary awareness. I didn't happen upon Stoner by accident. I bought it because of an article I had read proclaiming it a great, underappreciated classic. I wasn't too cool for Stoner then, and I'm not too cool for it now. I agreed with the hype—it was and is a very good book. I was glad it had been preserved and brought back into print and that I had been exposed to it. I was glad it was being taken seriously, and was even hyperbolically referred to as “a perfect novel” in a summer 2007 issue of The New York Times. But, even taking into account Stoner's tremendous merit, there is something unusual happening in the case of this apparently-endless rediscovery of an already-rediscovered book.
In recent years, Stoner entered a category of which it soon became the quintessence. In trying to think of a proper parallel, the closest I could come was A Confederacy of Dunces. Both books are archetypical of a certain type of writerly fantasy. Whatever the real story behind A Confederacy of Dunces might be—and I refuse to consult Wikipedia here—the story that filtered down to us was that John Kennedy Toole wrote this brilliant, incredible work, failed to find a publisher for it despite its obvious merits, and killed himself. That book—due to the tenacity of Toole's mother and the sharp eye of Walker Percy, to whom she showed the manuscript—went on to win the Pulitzer Prize.
Though it can feel as though there are an infinite number of routes to literary ruin, there are basically three ways to fail as a writer. One, you can not write anything at all, which is what most people who call themselves writers do. Two, you can write work that you believe to be of high quality but which fails to find a publisher. And three, you can get published and still fail to find an audience.
Tillie Olsen took a stab at uncovering and exploring the wherefores behind number one in her brilliant 1978 text Silences—a book that should be read by every writer, whether to rationalize one's own silence or to shame you into productivity. For those who produce but fail to publish, John Kennedy Toole shares the “patron saint” title with Emily Dickinson. There is nothing more hopeful to a floundering author than the notion that after death's sweet embrace someone might come along and see the genius in your toil.
Stoner is the world's latest answer to the third way of failing. After your book is released by a proper publisher (Viking, in Williams' case) and is still met by apathy, there exists this other fantastic possibility—that it might one day be rediscovered. Someone might pull your mouldering hardback from the bottom of the stack and point a neon sign at it. Or, as with Stoner, a whole lot of people might point a whole lot of neon signs at it.
The duration of Stoner's revival is what's especially interesting, particularly in an age so often scorned for its short attention span. This month alone The Texas Observer and The New Yorker online both published articles on the subject of its late success. The New Yorker describes Stoner's unexpected triumph abroad as “one of those few gratifying instances of belated artistic justice.” It goes on to describe the novel as “largely undiscovered in its own country, passed around and praised only among a bookish cognoscente.” The Texas Observer notes that “Stoner may be the greatest novel ever written by a Texas-born writer you've likely never heard of.”
It is a given that there is an endless supply of other deserving-but-forgotten books upon which we could be lavishing some of this praise. Why, after so many articles and blog posts, do people keep returning to Stoner instead of making the leap to the work of Anna Kavan or Molly Giles? Why not write about Thomas Williams, that other neglected National Book Award winner with the same last name? Now that everyone who reads serious fiction has been hipped to it, why not skip the Stoner piece and introduce the world to someone truly neglected? Perhaps it's that once a craze like this has been established, it gives writers the opportunity to join the Cult of the New while also being safely entrenched in sacred, safe, august tradition. My fear is that if we don't put the brakes on soon, things could take an ugly turn. I can envision myself pushing past the sidewalk fanatics pressing copies of Williams' work into the hands of passersby. Sir, sir! Have you heard the good news about Stoner?
Partly, of course, a cumulative effect is at work. The more people write about the book as an undiscovered gem, the more it sells and the more of a phenomenon it becomes, leading more people to write about it. A Telegraph article from June of this year—you'll be absolutely shocked to hear that the book has found its way onto bestseller lists abroad—refers to it as an instance of “Lazarus literature.” It's true that there's a great deal of pleasure in these rediscoveries. Recent years have turned up such greats as Richard Yates, Paula Fox, Henry Roth, Hans Fallada, and Renata Adler.
But none of these authors' works rival what has happened in the case of Stoner, particularly the coy astonishment feigned by writers at how a book like this could go so little known—as if all but the rarest of excellent books become bestsellers and join the vast personal libraries of the American public. As if anyone actually believes that true quality dictates whether or not a work will remain in print or be read, or that the public at large is reading these articles and clutching their pearls at their own ignorance. Honey, quick, turn off Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader! There's a neglected American classic we've somehow missed!
Literature is essentially a niche interest, and, as such, is subject to its own microcosmic fads. No one can say what precisely makes something catch on. This case has been surprisingly tenacious, I think, partly because Stoner is a book about a literary scholar with a special affection for the written word, which naturally leads to the question, Are all these people who are ‘discovering' Stoner actually just falling in love with an image they have of themselves? You can almost hear the internal dialogue. “This incredible book is about a frustrated writer and teacher of literature. Why in God's name doesn't everyone know about this astonishing piece of universal fiction?”
And it certainly doesn't hurt that Stoner is a relatively contemporary novel written in modern, colloquial English with none of the off-putting literary quirks of an older work. Lit blogger Joanne Sheppard wrote earlier this year, “There's been a lot of hype about John Williams' Stoner… so much so that I still keep half-wondering if the whole thing is an elaborate hoax that will be revealed as a clever marketing campaign.” She's right in both senses—that the hype can feel like a hoax and that, given the contemporary feel of the writing in the book, it wouldn't be that surprising to discover that a modern author had written it.
Mentioning the internet as an “echo chamber” is itself a lame fad, though there is such shorthand truth in the concept that I can rationalize its usage here. Reading Stoner, having read Stoner, owning Stoner and planning to read it—all of these things place you in a semi-rarified circle, someone inside the chamber. You are Someone Who Takes Literature Seriously. You're invested in it. You know what's cool and what isn't. Stoner is cool. It really is, because it's very good. And it's even cooler for being cool in such an uncool way. Just a quiet book about an ordinary man leading a quiet, ordinary life. Maybe that's why people keep writing these pieces, to don the badge of coolness while simultaneously deputizing others with the same.
It's tough avoiding trends, even when you're very self-conscious of them. I consider myself hyper-vigilant in this regard. No skinny jeans for me. No rubber bracelets announcing my favorite causes. No throwback eyeglasses or filters on my photos to give the impression of a time warp. All of these things I have studiously avoided, perhaps at the cost of my own pleasure and the appearance of fuddy-duddiness. I'm glad I haven't avoided Stoner or that I came to it when it was cool, but before it was super cool. If there has to be a literary bandwagon, it's certainly a pleasure when such fine work happens to be its focus.
But maybe it's time to observe a moratorium on all these articles telling bookish types that we've never heard of a book we've all been hearing about for years. More than four decades on, Stoner has been rediscovered by anyone who would care about its rediscovery. That's not such a long time. Posterity has a lot of deciding to do and a lot of time to do it in. Let's hope for a revival in another forty years and forty years after that. Who knows what lies ahead for any of the novels that we call great today? Who knows what might be rediscovered next? From what I can tell every single book by R.V. Cassill is out of print. Let's talk about that for a while.
Damir Sagolj/Reuters In March 2011, one of the most devastating earthquakes on record hit Japan, setting off a chain reaction that included a tsunami and a disastrous nuclear power plant meltdown. The Fukushima Daiichi Power Plant disaster was the largest Nuclear incident since Chernobyl and caused radiation leakage that has lasted to this day. The plant is still not stable.
Hundreds of thousands of residents living within 12 miles of the plant were evacuated. Some residents, not wanting to leave their homes, chose to stay in the abandoned areas.
Since the disaster, the Japanese government and the Tokyo Electric Power Company, which runs the Daiichi Plant, have taken on one of the largest and most ambitious clean up efforts ever.
Reuters photographer Damir Sagolj returned to the evacuated towns last month to capture what happens to a place after a catastrophic disaster.
It's been a tough split for Winterfox. Though they came into it with the goal of being a "summer split team," they've still had trouble living up to the high expectations their fans had for the squad and are now stuck in relegation matches regardless of this weekend's outcome. This is due in large part to their lack of a stable roster, and this extends to the coaching role. Wil "dx30" Levine, former sub for Velocity, filled in as head coach while Paragon was out of action. Paragon arrived and took over, but then Paragon became the ADC, and dx30 was back.
Last week, they brought in a brand-new coach: Tristan "ElderPeko" Young. While it's too late for his efforts to keep the team from playing in relegations, his joining the team came alongside the return of Gleeb to support and the departure of both Paragon and Imagine. I got a chance to chat with Young at LCS last week and find out some information about his history, about the struggles that Winterfox has been going through, why certain decisions have been made, and where they're going from here.
Could you introduce yourself, and tell us a little about yourself?
I'm Tristan Young. I had previously worked with an Irish team, getting some experience, and then moved on to become an analyst for Winterfox. Some things fell through with the organization in Ireland, and Winterfox decided to take that opportunity and pick me up for my experience in team bonding and communication and fixing a lot of problems.
At the start of the season you were an analyst with Winterfox while working with the team in Ireland?
I started working with Winterfox in January. That was very simple: all I did was a few pick-and-ban related things, some scouting on other teams – what makes sense for them to play, what kind of comps. But nothing to big.
What kind of relationship did you have with the people involved in Winterfox before you took over as the head coach?
I think it was pretty obvious to everybody that they were doing fairly standard at the beginning, but as things started to slip away they really started to scramble to pick up those extra wins and make sure they solidify their spot for the summer split. There was a lot of talk about how WFX was going to be a summer split team, about how they're prepared to get better then and not too worried about this split, but then they needed to solidify that summer split spot first. They couldn't just plan for that and ignore this split. So I could see the teamwork and team communication falling through, disjointed shotcalling: some people want split-push comps and some people like team-fight comps, and trying to get the best of both worlds just wasn't working.
When you ultimately took over, what was it that you wanted to bring to the team and the position?
I really wanted them to feel comfortable with what they were doing and be an outlet for them to express ideas and opinions. The way they were working, they didn't really have a big influence as far as coaching staff, support staff, and things like that. It was very focused on the players and their decision making. I feel like it's much more productive if they have someone they can tell an idea to, sit down, talk about it one on one, have an unbiased opinion on it, and then talk about it as a team: some kind of mediator.
How is that different from the way Paragon or dx30 were approaching the team?
I don't know too much about their individual one on one performance, but from what I've heard from the team, a lot more of my focus is on how they're working together. Maybe you don't necessarily win games, but as long as everyone's on the same page for now, we can fix strategy later. We just need to be in the same mindset. In the past, I think it was a lot more heavily focused on individual play and being better in the 2v2 lane matchup, or 1v1 mid lane, rather than team strategy as a whole.
As I said, you're the third person to take up the head coaching role. Is that something you notice? Is it difficult to get the players to get used to a third person changing the style again?
I think they were not too serious about it at first. I think they figured “Okay, we're gonna go ahead and get a new coach...and hopefully things'll be different,” but I don't think they put too much thought into that. But I really think after Day 1 and Day 2, they realized, “Oh hey, this guy is actually going to make us do something now.” Because actually, the first night I arrived – about 10 PM on Saturday – we decided that very night we were going to bring Gleeb back. I just got introduced to the players, and we immediately sat down and asked what's working, what's not working, and what are the pros and cons of what's happening right now. We fixed those problems immediately, and then they realized that I was going to take it more seriously than anyone else.
So you were involved in the roster choice to bring back Gleeb?
Yes.
Do you know what happened with the decision prior to that, to switch Altec to support and bring Paragon in as ADC? Because no one really heard anything about that after that happened.
I think a lot of that was on individual skill, and needing an extra carry role to be involved in the game. With Pobelter obviously, everyone knows and hypes up Pobelter, but we want to have a backup plan. If for some reason he doesn't do well, what are we going to do in that position? Paragon obviously has previous experience and Altec's mechanics are really good, and his idea was maybe if we tweak something it'll work, maybe not, and immediately after seeing it you could tell there's potential for it to work but not enough time to get used to that change. It's not something that you can just change from one week to the next and assume you're going to do better.
Are both Paragon and Imagine no longer a part of the WFX roster?
We have to wait to disclose anything more about Paragon, but for now the plan is to keep Gleeb and we'll see where things go in the summer split. For now, the roster will be solid.
The communication between all the players has always been the big question mark for WFX. Helios has been in America for a year now with Evil Geniuses, but Avalon is fresh from Korea and both the coach and the support were as well. How has that experience been for you as a coach coming into this environment?
I think it's actually a lot easier than a lot of people would think because of the amount of time Helios has spent here. His English is very good, and maybe he's just a little uncomfortable to use it frequently. As far as ingame communication goes, communication is 95% of the time all in English, so there's no real problems. If things get way too specific in discussing lane swaps or individual matchups then maybe Pobelter has to translate just a little bit, but I don't think that's a problem.
Coming into the house though, on an individual level, it was a little difficult to get used to at first. Just changing vocabulary and taking things maybe not so seriously, or maybe one word meant a lot more than you thought. By now, I feel extremely comfortable talking to everyone and I feel their English is superb.
How is the relationship personally between the players? I know you haven't been there for too long, but for example CLG last year had players who weren't really friends outside of the game, and that led to trouble in the game. Are the WFX players in a comfortable, friendly relationship with each other at home?
I think for the most part yes, I think sometimes there's tension between what some players are expected to be doing and there can be frustrations just like any team, but I think it's very good. Right now, a big thing is getting Altec with Gleeb on support again because of all the changes impacting him a lot. It's definitely growing very quickly, and I think everyone is very comfortable with each other.
The big question for everyone who has had high hopes for WFX is obviously that Avalon has not performed to the standard that some of the other players on the team have. A lot of people have wondered why the bottom lane has been the focus of the roster changes, and why they haven't tried out another top laner. Is Avalon for sure returning for the summer split?
There's no guarantee for any player's return for the summer split, but I think a lot of the problems that have come about because of top lane are because of his passive demeanor and the rest of the team wanting to focus on mid and AD as the carry roles. Putting him on more supportive top laners, like Lulu, and occasionally we throw in Kennen or Lissandra, the job is still the same – initiate, and let everyone clean up. In a lot of the decisionmaking as a top laner, he'll contribute, sometimes it's not too much there. I for the most part think it's a very unfortunate coincidence that he's targeted so much. But there are problems, he can end up losing some 1v1 matchups. It's much better than it was a few weeks ago, and I think my working with him on a 1v1 level and really trying to understand his thought process, he's improving. The only problem is that he hasn't had that experience to climb the Challenger ladder, and things like that. It's definitely a work in progress, but I wouldn't say he's the sole reason why we're losing games.
We've only got one more week until the end of the split. What are your priorities to finish strong, because you've got Team Liquid coming up who could be a pretty tough match-up. What are you focusing on for the next week?
A lot of it is gonna be fleshing out the communication and making sure everyone's on the same page. I'm actually extremely pleased with their performance today (Sunday), seeing the changes that've been made in scrims and leading up to now. Granted, we did lose, but I think that was because of a strategy perspective on everyone's part. We lost as a team, which I think is extremely important. If we win, we win as a team, and if we lose, we lose as a team – not because one player underperformed. Going into next weekend, I have extremely high confidence that we'll do well. Team Liquid is doing really well and we play Coast as well, so if they do well, they do well, if we do poorly I think we'll understand why. I think that's more than half the battle to begin with. I think the only thing that we need fixing is fleshing out picks and bans and strategy as a whole, but as far as the way they're coming up with decisions, it's spot on.
Unless TL were to lose a couple of their matches coming up, WFX is very likely to end up in relegations. Are you confident you'll be able to remain in the LCS for the summer split?
Yes, I think so. I'm extremely positive going into relegations. There's always a chance, but it's extremely small.
Winterfox's fans really came into the split with a lot of hope, really excited about the team, and even amidst all the struggles they've been very supportive and it's been a fast-growing brand. Do you have any words of encouragement for those fans?
I think if everyone could see what's happening behind the scenes, now that we've solidified the roster with Gleeb and Altec on ADC for sure, if they were there at the house in the same environment, they would be very pleased with the changes that we've made. I can guarantee that the team as a whole is growing, and learning, and we should hopefully not disappoint.
Apocalypse40K is a registered trademark of Dice of War, Inc.. ©Copyright 20010-2013. All rights reserved.
Warhammer 40,000
This web site is completely unofficial and in no way endorsed by Games Workshop Limited.
Adeptus Astartes, Blood Angels, Bloodquest, Cadian, Catachan, the Chaos devices, Cityfight, the Chaos logo, Citadel, Citadel Device, Codex, Daemonhunters, Dark Angels, Dark Eldar, 'Eavy Metal, Eldar, Eldar symbol devices, Eye of Terror, Fire Warrior, Forge World, Games Workshop, Games Workshop logo, Genestealer, Golden Demon, Gorkamorka, Great Unclean One, Inquisitor, the Inquisitor logo, the Inquisitor device, Inquisitor:Conspiracies, Keeper of Secrets, Khorne, Kroot, Lord of Change, Necron, Nurgle, Ork, Ork skull devices, Sisters of Battle, Slaanesh, Space Hulk, Space Marine, Space Marine chapters, Space Marine chapter logos, Tau, the Tau caste designations, Tyranid, Tyrannid, Tzeentch, Ultramarines, Warhammer, Warhammer 40k Device, White Dwarf, the White Dwarf logo, and all associated marks, names, races, race insignia, characters, vehicles, locations, units, illustrations and images from the Warhammer 40,000 universes are either ®, TM and/or © Copyright Games Workshop Ltd 2000-2008, variably registered in the UK and other countries around the world. Used without permission. No challenge to their status intended. All Rights Reserved to their respective owners.
Warhammer
This web site is completely unofficial and in no way endorsed by Games Workshop Limited.
The Chaos devices, the Chaos logo, Citadel, Citadel Device, the Double-Headed/Imperial Eagle device, 'Eavy Metal, Forge World, Games Workshop, Games Workshop logo, Golden Demon, Great Unclean One, the Hammer of Sigmar logo, Horned Rat logo, Keeper of Secrets, Khemri, Khorne, Lord of Change, Nurgle, Skaven, the Skaven symbol devices, Slaanesh, Tomb Kings, Trio of Warriors, Twin Tailed Comet Logo, Tzeentch, Warhammer, Warhammer Online, Warhammer World logo, White Dwarf, the White Dwarf logo, and all associated marks, names, races, race insignia, characters, vehicles, locations, units, illustrations and images from the Warhammer world are either ®, TM and/or © Copyright Games Workshop Ltd 2000-2008, variably registered in the UK and other countries around the world. Used without permission. No challenge to their status intended. All Rights Reserved to their respective owners.
General This web site is completely unofficial and in no way endorsed by Games Workshop Limited.
Adeptus Astartes, Battlefleet Gothic, Black Flame, Black Library, the Black Library logo, BL Publishing, Blood Angels, Bloodquest, Blood Bowl, the Blood Bowl logo, The Blood Bowl Spike Device, Cadian, Catachan, the Chaos device, Cityfight, the Chaos logo, Citadel, Citadel Device, City of the Damned, Codex, Daemonhunters, Dark Angels, Dark Eldar, Dark Future, the Double-Headed/Imperial Eagle device, 'Eavy Metal, Eldar, Eldar symbol devices, Epic, Eye of Terror, Fanatic, the Fanatic logo, the Fanatic II logo, Fire Warrior, Forge World, Games Workshop, Games Workshop logo, Genestealer, Golden Demon, Gorkamorka, Great Unclean One, the Hammer of Sigmar logo, Horned Rat logo, Inferno, Inquisitor, the Inquisitor logo, the Inquisitor device, Inquisitor:Conspiracies, Keeper of Secrets, Khemri, Khorne, Kroot, Lord of Change, Marauder, Mordheim, the Mordheim logo, Necromunda, Necromunda stencil logo, Necromunda Plate logo, Necron, Nurgle, Ork, Ork skull devices, Sisters of Battle, Skaven, the Skaven symbol devices, Slaanesh, Space Hulk, Space Marine, Space Marine chapters, Space Marine chapter logos, Talisman, Tau, the Tau caste designations, Tomb Kings, Trio of Warriors, Twin Tailed Comet Logo, Tyranid, Tyrannid, Tzeentch, Ultramarines, Warhammer, Warhammer Historical, Warhammer Online, Warhammer 40k Device, Warhammer World logo, Warmaster, White Dwarf, the White Dwarf logo, and all associated marks, names, races, race insignia, characters, vehicles, locations, units, illustrations and images from the Blood Bowl game, the Warhammer world, the Talisaman world, and the Warhammer 40,000 universes are either ®, TM and/or © Copyright Games Workshop Ltd 2000-2008, variably registered in the UK and other countries around the world. Used without permission. No challenge to their status intended. All Rights Reserved to their respective owners.
In my previous post, I discussed the question of nationalism, and why the traditional understanding of a “nation” based off of culture, mores, and traditions is superior to the modernistic “genetics only” view held by some, including most of white nationalism. Because I reject the genetics-only view, this leaves open the possibility of the introduction of outsiders into a national group, provided they assimilate and acculturate themselves to the culture and folkways of the nation they are joining. A reader made a comment on that post with respect to the relative good of preserving absolute genetic distinction in a nation (i.e. no outsiders coming in) versus the polar alternative, which is what our current system is approaching in which anyone and everyone from anywhere in the world for any reason whatsoever is allowed to come into western nations. He observed that both of these extremes are…suboptimal…and that, “The optimum is somewhere in the middle.”
As part of my response to this comment, I noted that,
“There's always room for the introduction of ‘out-group genetics,' of course, which has largely been the history of the United States, though it doesn't *seem* as pronounced because most of the groups being grafted on to the old Anglo stock were people who looked at least reasonably similar to them, and shared a good degree of genetic commonality with them anywise.”
This discussion dovetails quite nicely with some thoughts I've been having recently about the efficacy of immigration and how immigration can be “engineered” to benefit the receiving nation (in this case, America and other western nations, but in theory this could apply to any nation).
The basis for a sound immigration policy begins with the principles I delineated several months ago, such as requiring assimilation, making policy based on national needs, zero tolerance for illegal immigration, etc. These are only the “basics” for a reasoned immigration policy, however. These are principles from which a nation should begin, not the place where the immigration policy of a wise leadership of a nation will end.
In the spirit of comparing analogs between the physical and social sciences, I believe we can approach the question of what would constitute a successful optimum for immigration by drawing an analogy with the metallurgical process of alloying. In a nutshell, alloying is the process whereby a minority component(s) (the alloying agent[s], the solute[s]) is added to a majority component (the base metal), forming a solid solution. Most often this is accomplished by melting the components, mixing them, and allowing the subsequent alloy to cool.
There are two basic types of alloys – substitution alloys and interstitial alloys. A substitution alloy is one in which atoms of the alloying agent replace atoms of the base metal in the crystalline structure of the solid alloy. An interstitial alloy, on the other hand, is one in which atoms of the alloying agent actually embed themselves in the interstices, the gaps between the atoms formed in the crystalline lattice (see figure below). What typically determines whether an alloy will be substitutional or interstitial is the relative sizes of the atoms involved, which depends the most upon the period(s) to which the atoms belong (the horizontal rows of elements in the periodic table). When the atoms involved in the alloy are relatively similar in size and possess similar electronegativities, the alloy will be substitutional – the alloying agent(s) atoms can more easily take the place of the base metal atoms without too great distortion of the crystalline structure. When the atomic radii of the solute atoms are ~60% or less that of than the base metal, then the smaller alloying agent atoms will fill the interstices since doing so will not badly deform the crystalline lattice and generate a much higher energy state and more unstable structure. Essentially what allows alloys to exist is the fact that the solute atoms do not dislocate the base metal structure too much.
Typically, substitution alloys can contain greater percentages by mass of solute atoms. Conversely, interstitial alloys tend to contain lower percentages by mass of the solute elements.
Some examples of common substitutional alloys include bronze (78-95% copper, 5-22% tin), brass (65-90% copper, 10-35% zinc), and Nichrome (-80% nickel, ~20% chromium). In each case, the atoms involved are all Period 4 or 5 metals with similar radii and electronegativities.
A couple of examples of common interstitial alloys include steel (95-99% iron, 5% or less carbon, plus other trace elements) and Zamak (~95% zinc, 4% aluminum, 1% copper, trace magnesium). In these alloys, the smaller Period 2 and 3 atoms (i.e. carbon and aluminum, respectively) occupy the interstices formed by the crystal structure of the base metal.
Some alloys may be both substititional and interstitial. For instance, stainless steel (~50-70% iron, ~10-30% chromium, plus smaller amounts of carbon, manganese, nickel, etc.) has the chromium atoms substituted into the iron's crystalline structure, while carbon atoms occupy the gaps in the lattice.
I believe there are some lessons we can learn from this which we may apply to a sound and pro-active immigration policy.
First of all, the process of alloying metals exists because alloys exhibit desirable properties which improve upon the base metal, such as increased hardness, ductility, malleability, or other properties which can be engineered into an alloy by choosing the right proportion of solute(s). Every national group has strengths and weaknesses which are related to the complex interplay of all kinds of traits ranging from average national IQ and average physical capabilities to various “intangibles” relating to culture and history such as artistic inclinations, hotbloodedness, industriousness, and many, many others. These “national traits” are a real thing, and they can help a nation decide who it wishes to allow immigrating or who not to. We should understand that the introduction of any foreign element into one nation will result – even with eventual assimilation and acculturation – in a greater or lesser degree of “cultural drift” over time, analogous to the distortion of a base metal's crystal lattice when a differently sized solute atom is introduced. The question is to decide what level of distortion is acceptable with relation to the introduction of immigrants who will tend to possess the traits desired by their host country.
Second, it is apparent that the level of immigration, as with the percentage of mass of solute atoms introduced into the base metal, can be higher when the solute atoms (immigrants) are more similar to the atoms of base metal (native citizens). One can introduce 20% by mass zinc into copper and produce a beautiful brass alloy. One cannot introduce 20% by mass carbon into iron and produce any kind of load-bearing steel alloy. Carbon is too dissimilar from iron for that much to be successfully introduced, whereas zinc is very close in size and electronegativity to copper. Likewise, a nation can more successfully introduce and assimilate immigrants from culturally similar foreign nations than it can those from grossly dissimilar cultures.
For example, the United States saw quite reasonable success in grafting other Europeans (and especially the northern and western Europeans) into its original Anglo cultural stock – these immigrants *did* affect the culture to a certain degree, but America remained overall an Anglo-cultured nation and assimilated these immigrants rather well. The same cannot be said, however, for the more recent mass of immigration from widely dissimilar cultures from all over the rest of the non-European and non-Anglo world, who in the last 40 years have introduced greater cultural distortion and dislocation than did the immigration that occurred in the previous 200 years. Masses of non-European immigrants into a European-derived nation cannot be successfully assimilated as European-derived immigrants can. Of course, it doesn't help that we're barely even making the attempt to do so anymore.
This doesn't just apply to European and European-descended nations, either. India, for example, could much more readily introduce and assimilate immigrants from other culturally Hinduised nations such as the Nepalese or Javanese than they could immigrants from either Africa OR Europe. Likewise, China would better be able to acculturate Koreans and Mongolians than they could Canadians or Brazilians.
A third point we should draw from this is that we should not necessarily fear immigration. Control it, yes, but we need not fear it. No nation remains the same perpetually. It should not be the goal of any nation to remain exactly as it always has been indefinitely. Each nation, for the good of its people, should strive to pursue genuine national progress (not to be confused with the false kind proposed by political “progressives”) in the arts and humanities. Nations can hang onto good traditions while revising or improving the bad. Nations can also allow in small numbers of foreign elements without having to submit themselves to wholesale inundation. The Roman Empire benefited from allowing in a few talented Germans like Stilicho. It was detrimented by the mass influx of Goths under Fritigern. It is to our nation's benefit to be receptive to talented individuals who desire to seek their fortunes here – more so the case if they're from culturally similar foreign nations, but this can even be the case for smaller numbers of “talented tenths” from more dissimilar nations. Mass immigration is always a bad idea (and can, often, more correctly be term “invasion”), but low levels of rigourously controlled entry do not have to be a bad thing.
This brings me to my fourth and final point, which is that alloys exist by design. They don't just happen. Alloys do not exist in nature except in some exceedingly rare cases. Practically all of the alloys used by man today were designed and created by man, specifically for his own purposes. Similarly, the immigration policy of a nation cannot be allowed to “just happen.” It must be a deliberate process that exists for the purpose of engineering and designing the development of the nation in the directions that the natural aristocracy of the nation knows will be best. The balance must be struck between maintaining good traditions and preserving the traditional mores and religion of the nation, while at the same time allowing the introduction of elements which will strengthen, rather than weaken, the national resolve, the national morals, and the national strength.
Immigration is essentially a process that creates a social alloy. The wise nation will control this process so as to strengthen its long-term social cohesion, as well as its strength, hardness, ductility, and so forth. Pure, raw iron has little tensile strength, while high-grade steel with just a small percentage of carbon in it can be used to build skyscrapers. Change is inevitable. The success or failure of any neoreactionary and Traditional system will not be whether it can stifle and hold back change, but whether it can control and adapt it in such a way as to restore and maintain the good while developing the bad into something better. Nations must deal with scientific advances, the introduction of new ideas, natural disasters, and many other things. Resilience allows them to weather these trials and emerge stronger, while brittleness sees the nation which cannot adapt be shattered upon the rocks of history. The wise nation will utilise whatever means are at its disposal – including an immigration policy crafted for its own national needs – to pursue its own survival and efflorescence in the cutthroat competition of this fallen world.
As to the question of where that “optimum point” is, the answer would be – “It all depends.” Overall, though, the more culturally dissimilar a group of potential immigrants is, the smaller the “percentage by mass” which should be introduced, if they are to be introduced at all. Ultimately, the perceived needs of the nation's leadership – assuming this leadership has the best interests of the nation in mind (which can't necessarily be said for the current “leadership” in most western nations) – will determine who should be allowed in and to what extent. And certainly, it is to be considered always in the best interest of a nation to avoid the sort of uncontrolled mass immigration that is being allowed, and indeed encouraged, by today's globalist-minded transnational elites.
Advertisements
The activists and politicians pushing for strict regulation of electronic cigarettes claim to be thinking of the children, who supposedly are endangered by nicotine delivery devices that may lure them into deadly tobacco habits. Hence e-cigarette alarmists jumped all over CDC survey data indicating that the percentage of teenagers who have tried e-cigarettes doubled (from 3.3 percent to 6.8 percent) between 2011 and 2012. "Many teens who start with e-cigarettes may be condemned to struggling with a lifelong addiction to nicotine and conventional cigarettes," CDC Director Tom Frieden worried. But the survey data provided no evidence that e-cigarettes are a gateway to the conventional kind, and a new study casts further doubt on that hypothesis. In a survey of 1,300 college students, a team led by Theodore Wagener, an assistant professor of general and community pediatrics at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center, found that only 43 (3.3 percent) said e-cigarettes were the first form of nicotine they'd tried. Of those, only one (2.3 percent) later started smoking conventional cigarettes. "It didn't seem as though it really proved to be a gateway to anything," said Wagener, who described his results at a meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research.
[cross-posted at Hit & Run]
A few days before Denver's game at Cincinnati, cornerback Aqib Talib declared that this Broncos offense is “10 times better” than the one that won the Lombardi Trophy last season. While the hyperbole—10 times!—is incorrect, the general sentiment might not be.
You assume that unlikely starting quarterback Trevor Siemian, a 2015 seventh-rounder from (maybe you've heard) Northwestern, is merely caretaker. To a certain degree, probably even a large one, that's fair. Caretaking is what you need from an inexperienced quarterback who plays with a great defense and an extremely well-coached zone running game.
• THE YOUNG QB REVOLUTION HAS BEGUN: Peter King's MMQB on Carson Wentz, Trevor Siemian, Dak Prescott and the fledgling passers finding success
But NFL success cannot be sustained with a strictly down-to-down caretaker. Every game inevitably has a handful of situations where the man under center must make a play. Most of these come on third down.
Frank Victores/AP
Two of Siemian's four touchdowns Sunday came in such scenarios. The last—a 55-yarder to Demaryius Thomas—sealed a Broncos victory and perfectly illustrated how much help Siemian is getting from coach Gary Kubiak and his veteran staff. On that play, depth-chart bottom-feeder Chris Lewis-Harris had come in at cornerback for Cincy, in place of a cramping Adam Jones. The Bengals don't have their corners switch sides; Kubiak knew Lewis-Harris would be aligned outside to the offense's left. And so Kubiak called a formation that put his best wide receiver, Thomas, out there. And he called a play that had Thomas running straight downfield. Imagine you're Lewis-Harris. With no warning, you're coming in cold off the bench in the fourth quarter in an obvious passing situation. And on your first snap you're forced into isolated downfield coverage against one of the league's most prolific receivers.
• HOW TO STOP VON MILLER: In five not-so-simple steps
Presumably, Kubiak also told Siemian before the play to be alert for some sort of pressure, which Bengals defensive coordinator Paul Guenther is not averse to bringing in critical moments. Sure enough, Guenther called a zone blitz (not all the Bengals up front were completely set). That presented one-on-one coverage mostly across the board. Utterly prepared, Siemian calmly stayed in the pocket and floated a perfect ball to his best target.
One of Siemian's best traits these first three weeks has been his willingness to play from a pocket that's collapsing. More often than not, an inexperienced QB will follow his instinct and try to vacate a crumbling pocket. Rarely does that work in the short-term, and never has it worked in the long-term. When Siemian knows where he's going with the ball, he traverses crumbling pockets with dexterity and poise. When he hasn't known where he's going, the results have been very mixed. But the willingness to hang in there has mostly remained, which suggests he has a legitimate chance to get better.
Siemian's other third-down touchdown at Cincy, a 41-yarder to Emmanuel Sanders on a third-and-five in the first half, was very similar to the Thomas one. On it, Siemian knew where he was going with the ball and remained poised from the pocket, moving gradually to his left to stay square behind his offensive line's designed slide. Interestingly, it was a seven-step dropback with no play-action fake. The lack of play-action is expected on third down, but such a deep dropback is not. Not in today's NFL, anyway.
But this gets to the other thing Kubiak has done these first three weeks: putting Siemian in deep dropbacks. He's often done it on first downs and, as we saw Sunday, not always with the help of play-action. These deeper drops aren't what most define Denver's passing game; play-action zone concepts are. But it's what has given Denver's offense dimension and forced its young QB to find his comfort zone. On deep dropbacks, Kubiak is the parent letting go of the bicycle. Siemian is the kid with no choice but to keep pedaling. The fact that Kubiak has called these deeper drops mostly on early downs, when defenses are more predictable, is akin to giving Siemian a smooth, flat surface to bike on.
Naturally, the kid on the bike has wobbled at times. Leading up to the Bengals game, Kubiak even publicly stated, “He's made some poor decisions. I know that sounds kind of crazy, but it's just learning that, ‘Trevor, that guy can make that play. You're not in college anymore. You're not going to throw that ball through that guy.' I think some of the speed-of-the-game factors that he's beginning to understand a little bit are going to make him better each week.”
Siemian's poor decisions haven't pertained only to his two interceptions against Carolina and the one he had on a receiver screen against Indy. (Siemian did not have a turnover Sunday against the Bengals.) He was also talking about the completions that Siemian has had available downfield but has failed to even target. Often, shoddy quarterbacking is evident in the throws that aren't attempted. Entering Week 3, just two of Siemian's passes had traveled 20 yards or more through the air. That was a league low, and it says more about him than Denver's passing attack, which is controlled but not dink-and-dunk. Siemian, like many young QBs, doesn't yet have a refined sense for how routes correlate with his coverage reads. And at times he'll lock in on bad reads, waiting for them to break open. (In the NFL, they never do. Not before the pass rush becomes a factor, anyway.)
• THE CBA AT HALFWAY, PART I: The 10-year collective bargaining agreement signed in 2011 changed the landscape of the NFL. At the midway point, we analyze just how it has affected the shifting power balance between owners and players.
If Sunday's performance at Cincinnati is an indication, Siemian will make strides. Because what was most encouraging about that game was not the way Denver helped its young QB schematically. It was the way that young QB found his own rhythm in the second half after a first half marred by inaccurate throws. Siemian has an attractive and compact release, yes. But more important than how a ball leave's a quarterback's hand is how it finds a receiver's. Precision accuracy is near the top of the list of things Siemian must improve.
The good news is Siemian's inconsistencies—ball placement, field reading—are mostly correctable. For a sound-minded and well-coached QB, experience alone can clean it up. And so the Broncos and their young quarterback will keep working. And all the while, they can keep winning. Through Siemian's growing pains, the Broncos have beaten the defending NFC champion Panthers, the popular AFC South favorite Colts and, now, the defending AFC North champion Bengals on the road. What will this team look like if its quarterback continues on the track he found in the second half on Sunday?
Question or comment? Email us at talkback@themmqb.com.
Hampton Roads is rich in bed bugs.
Orkin, a national pest control company, released a list of the top 50 cities affected by bed bugs. The Norfolk-Portsmouth-Newport News region took 20th place, up ten places from the last study. Hampton Roads fell just behind the Richmond-Petersburg region, which placed 11th.
The most infested city? That would be Baltimore.
The list is based on pest treatment information from cities where Orkin provided the most bed bug services from Dec 1, 2015 – Nov 30, 2016.
“We have more people affected by bed bugs in the United States than ever before,” said Orkin Entomologist Ron Harrison in a press release. “This was virtually unheard of in the U.S. 10 years ago.”
Bed bugs thrive because they are resilient, difficult to detect, and can easily travel in luggage, purses, and other belongings, according to the release.
The Prime Minister will announce in coming days that the reforms have been shelved in a decision likely to cause a major Coalition rift.
Nick Clegg, the Deputy Prime Minister and Liberal Democrat leader, had viewed the introduction of elected peers as a key policy and senior Conservatives now fear he will scupper planned reforms to electoral boundaries.
The redrawing of electoral boundaries – to ensure that constituencies have similar populations – would boost Mr Cameron's re-election chances. It is the latest climbdown for the Government after a series of proposals in the Budget, including a pasty tax, were also abandoned.
The Coalition has been accused of mounting more than 20 about-turns – moves which the Prime Minister has insisted show strong leadership as he rejected pushing ahead with unpopular policies.
Earlier this year, Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg outlined plans to replace appointed peers in the House of Lords with elected senators. The first elections were to be held in 2015 with the elected members of the house serving for 15-year terms.
However, dozens of Conservative MPs and peers expressed their strong opposition to the proposal amid fears it would undermine the supremacy of the Commons.
Downing Street was forced to delay a key vote on the reforms last month to allow further discussion with the rebels. It is thought that Mr Cameron was prepared to water down the reforms to help win over more than 90 Tory MPs.
However, The Daily Telegraph has learnt that this has now failed and the reforms will be scrapped. Downing Street feared that debate over the reforms could drag on for months and alienate the public at a time when ministers should be focused on pulling Britain out of recession.
Last month, the Lib Dems warned of “consequences” if the Conservatives failed to back reform.
In an email to Lib Dem activists, Mr Clegg said: “When we return in the autumn to vote on this again, we fully expect the Conservatives to deliver this crucial part of the Coalition deal – as we have delivered other Coalition policies.” David Laws, a Lib Dem MP and former Treasury minister, said the stand-off over reform could lead to a “chain reaction” which threatened the rest of the Coalition's programme.
Senior Tories and Lib Dems are currently drawing up an agreement on new Coalition policies for the next two years.
Mr Cameron will not back down on boundary reforms but senior Tories are discussing other policies which could be “offered” to the Lib Dems. A reform of political party funding or more support for green energy are thought to be on the table.
After the Olympics, he is expected to take a holiday and prepare for a relaunch of the Government.
A Downing Street spokesman said: “Discussions on Lords reform are ongoing and we will make an announcement when they are completed.”
This article was originally published as "She Had Her Rapist's Baby" in the August 2004 issue of Cosmopolitan.
Jora's Story
Jora Trang, 33, is a civil-rights attorney in San Francisco.
My daughter's birth was the most amazing experience of my life. The doctor handed her to me, and she was perfect. No words can describe the joy I felt at that moment. Then I looked over at my mother and aunt, standing in the corner of the delivery room with pained, miserable expressions. I can only imagine how hard it must have been for them to watch a 12-year-old give birth. After my daughter was born, I was told we had to present ourselves as sisters to avoid any shameful criticism. Out of respect for my family, I went along with it.
I had been in the bathroom at school one morning when a stranger raped me. I was 11 years old. The truth is, I don't remember much of the attack. I know I didn't like what was happening and didn't understand it, but I also had no idea how to make whatever was going on stop. I didn't scream or cry; I just kept my eyes closed tight. I stayed in the bathroom for the rest of the day, feeling dirty, used, and very, very confused. And after that day, I pushed what had happened away. I told no one. My family was not much for talking, and anyway, I didn't have the words for it. It was years before I would understand that I'd been raped.
Jora and Meggy when Jora was 12 and a half. Jora Trang
At the time, I had no idea that I could become pregnant from what had happened. I didn't even know what being pregnant was! In the months that followed, my breasts got really big and my hips got wider, but I thought I was just developing the way my friends were. Then, six months later, I felt something move inside my stomach. Frightened, I waited a month and then told my parents, who then took me to see a doctor. But he just asked me a bunch of angry questions about whether I had boyfriends, and I left feeling extremely bewildered.
I thought I must have done something bad for everyone to react this way, but I had no idea what. I asked one question early on something simple like, "What's going on?" — and was shot down, so I never asked again. I think I figured it out when the next doctor they took me to had pictures of babies on the wall. I didn't know I was pregnant until I was seven months along.
I grew bigger and bigger, and eventually, I stopped going to school. I did miss it, but I understood that my pregnancy had to be kept a secret. My parents hid me in the house, and told my younger brother and sister that we were adopting a baby, so they just thought I was getting fat. I knew my child would be raised as my mother's.
Despite all that, my pregnancy was a beautiful experience. As my belly swelled, I had a feeling of self-awe. I felt really beautiful, because something amazing was going on inside my body. My daughter kicked a lot. I read to her in my tummy and played her classical music because I'd heard somewhere that it could make her smart.
Then one day, my mother took me to the hospital for what I thought was a normal doctor's visit and I had the baby. My water had broken the night before, but I didn't know I was in labor; I don 't remember being in pain at all. My baby was so cute and perfect. I instinctively counted her fingers and her toes and immediately formed an attachment to her, despite knowing I had to give her up to my mother, who settled on the name Meggy and said, "Forget about all this and go live your life."
But I loved my daughter, so I monopolized her. I didn't give anyone else an opportunity to build a parental relationship with her. I stayed out of school for the first six months of her life to care for her, and it came naturally. When I went back to school, she stayed with a babysitter during the day and I cared for her in the evenings. To the world, she was my sister, but I always treated Meggy as my daughter.
Jora with Meggy, before heading out on a first date. Jora Trang
Leaving Home
I was 19 the day I went to my daughter's first-grade classroom to take her away for good. My father had fought as a soldier in the war in Vietnam (where we emigrated from in 1975) and suffered from serious post-traumatic stress disorder — which caused him to be increasingly paranoid about plots against his life — and I feared for my daughter's safety around him. So when I got my driver's license, I decided this was our chance to leave. First, I drove to the county recorder's office and picked up Meggy's birth certificate. I had been told that my name wasn't on it — my mother's was, so I was afraid I'd be charged with kidnapping. But there it was, in black and white, that I was her mom. I had stolen almost $1,000 that my parents kept hidden in the house and their car keys.
I arrived at her school in the middle of the day, but the teacher said Meggy couldn't go with me. 'Tm her mother, and I'm taking her," I said. It was the first time I'd uttered those words out loud. I felt proud and relieved to finally speak the truth, even if it was only her teacher who heard me. After I told Meggy's teacher that I was planning to go to a shelter, she said we could live with her. We stayed there for six months, and despite the stress, we both excelled at our respective schools. Then we moved to San Diego, where I had been accepted at the University of California. I was determined to start a new life, and my parents just let me go. Moving away was traumatic for Meggy — she still thought my parents were her parents and my siblings were her siblings — so we visited them once a month. My parents let me keep the car. As for the missing money, the issue was never raised.
At the time, UC San Diego had a great program for single parents, and they gave us a two-bedroom apartment. We got by on welfare. It was difficult not being able to go out, having to schedule my classes around my daughter's needs and always being on the edge financially. Sometimes we didn't have the money to eat, so I had to steal food from the cafeteria. I often felt exhausted but never resentful. The desire to give Meggy opportunities kept me in school and gave me hope.
And we had fun too. I started a theater troupe called Funky Fresh Pan-Ethnic Asian Girls. We toured the country, performing skits that addressed issues from domestic violence to intergenerational language barriers. Meggy was one of the performers. It had been difficult finding friends who would accept my motherhood, but here were people who were totally supportive.
Meggy and I continued to live as sisters for her sake. But when Meggy turned 12 — the age I had been when I'd given birth to her — I felt she was old enough to understand the truth. My daughter is goofy and playful and brilliant and strong. There was no reason to hide our real relationship.
Meggy with Jora at Jora's Homecoming Jora Trang
New Beginning
The Saturday I told her, I was sweating and wringing my hands as I said, ''I'm really your mother." She started crying and shouting, "You lied to me all my life! What else have you lied about?" Then came a period of denial, where she wouldn't talk about it. Finally, over time, she came to accept it. It was a year after I told her that I was at work one day and the secretary said, "Your daughter called." I said, "My what? She said that?" I was so excited that she had called herself my daughter.
While I was in college, I trained to become a peer counselor; I felt I had the maturity to help women in need. But when the training focused on date rape, I felt numb. I knew that something had happened for me to get pregnant at 11, but I had never admitted to myself that I'd been raped. I never wanted to relive that day. It wasn't until much later, when Meggy herself left for college, that I had the space to deal. My daughter's conception is not something I talk about a lot, because my philosophy has always been that she stands apart. I don't want what happened to define my life: the way I look at men, the way I look at my daughter, the way I look at anything.
When Meggy was entering her sophomore year of high school, we moved to Berkeley, where I had been accepted to law school. I had to work two jobs to cover our expenses, so I made a deal with my daughter. I said, "This is for our future. I will go to school and work 40-plus hours to keep us here. You're going to cook dinner." She rolled her eyes, but she did it — she cooked every night. She started out making Hamburger Helper and burning spaghetti, but her heart was in it. Within a year, she had become a great cook.
We had our tough times. Meggy had not wanted to move to Berkeley — she was angry about being pulled away from her friends. I grounded her a lot for ditching class or not doing her chores. But there were really fun times too. My adolescent years had been very different from hers. So when she started using makeup, I said, "Let me try that." She taught me how to curl my eyelashes, pluck my eyebrows, would even do my hair. Everything she experienced, I experienced. We were growing up alongside each other in a way.
Now that Meggy is in college on the East Coast and I am employed as a lawyer on the West Coast, I do everything I wanted to do as a teen. I take eight dance classes a week and go out dancing all weekend. And I sit and think a lot, which is something I didn't get to do.
I've also learned how much I miss my daughter by living apart from her and how much I've enjoyed every year of her life. Meggy is a miracle that came out of a really rough situation. This is what I tell my daughter. I don't see regret or trauma or a hard life when I look at Meggy. I only see love.
Jora holding Meggy at Meggy's 20th birthday party.
Meggy's Story
Meggy, 21, is a junior in college, where she is majoring in performing arts.
When I was 6 years old, my "sister" Jora came to my school and told me we were running away from home. She had always been the person who was closest to me in my family — the one who took care or me, played with me, basically raised me — so I didn't question her. I just went. I did miss my family, but I also trusted that Jora knew what was best for me.
Until I was 12, she was my sister. When I found out the truth, I was very confused. All of a sudden, my brother and sister were my aunt and uncle. My mother was my grandmother.
At first, my mother didn't exactly tell me she'd been raped. She told me that when she was 11, she had an experience that she couldn't understand because she was very young and she became pregnant with me. But I wasn't the kind of kid who needed everything explained. I understood that 11-year-olds don't just decide to get pregnant and that what had happened had not been her choice. I've never wanted to know about my father because of how I was conceived. He's not worth knowing.
In a way, I was grateful she had waited to tell me, because I don't think I was ready any earlier to understand it. Still, Mother and I fought a lot when I was a teenager, because I was still having to grasp her as my authority figure. I couldn't say, "You're just my sister!" anymore when she told me what to do. When you're a teenager, you think you know better, and in my early teens, I resented her at times. We were just a normal family: Mother and daughter at each other's throats! And at the same time, we were growing up together. I guess I knew Jora would ultimately make the best decisions for me.
I graduated from high school and she graduated from law school at the same time, and we had a big party with all of our friends. There was dancing and barbecued ribs, and she gave me an antique necklace I'd been admiring in a store window. It was a great day, because we were celebrating our accomplishments together. We'd reached a point where I could have her as a mother, sister, and friend.
Jora at Meggy's high school graduation. Jora Trang
Guys now come up and hit on her when we're together. The first thing they always say is "Oh, are you sisters?" For the longest time,we tried explaining, but lately, we've been experimenting with other approaches. They'll say, "Are you twins?" and we'll say, "Yeah, we are. How did you know? You're so smart!" But I hate that too, because I'm proud of my mother. I want people to know that. Everyone wants to think they were conceived in a planned way, by two people who loved each other deeply, and the fact that I wasn't disturbs me. During my darkest days, I do occasionally think of myself as a mistake, because what happened to my mother was so horrible. But she always tells me that the experience was positive, because she had me.
Through love and hard work, together we've been able to turn something ugly into something wonderful. We have a true partnership, as opposed to a one-sided relationship in which one person takes care of the other. And that has helped both of us. My mother is the strongest person I know. I don't know where she draws her strength from. But I draw mine from her.
Correction: A previous version of this article stated that Jora felt something move in her stomach when she was five months pregnant. She was actually six months along at the time. She then waited a month to tell her parents, and didn't find out she was pregnant until she was seven months along, details that were omitted from the original version of the story. A previous version of this article also stated that Jora was 17 when she took her daughter away for good. She was actually 19 years old.
Click here to subscribe to the digital edition!
