New Wests Tigers coach Jason Taylor has appointed David Kidwell, Matthew Cameron and Rod Reddy as his assistant NRL coaches for 2015, with Brett Kimmorley installed as the joint venture club's Under-20s coach.
Taylor has moved quickly to stamp his authority at the Tigers, having already told club legends Steve Roach, Paul Sironen and John Skandalis their coaching services were no longer needed.
Kidwell, who was an assistant under former coach Mick Potter, has been retained.
Cameron arrives after serving as high performance manager at resurgent Penrith for the past two years following a lengthy stint in coaching roles at Parramatta.
Taylor said he was pleased with the support staff he now has in place.
"We've assembled a team of professionals from a range of areas who we believe have the skill set and drive to bring the best out of every player in the club," Taylor said in a statement.
"The club has undergone a lot of change recently and I'm confident that our members and supporters will see a positive effect when we take the field for round one."
Tigers chief executive Grant Mayer welcomed the appointments made by Taylor and football operations boss Phil Moss.
"Jason and Phil have hit the ground running here at Wests Tigers and have brought together an impressive group of individuals to make up their coaching staff," Mayer said.
"We're impressed with the direction they are taking the club in and look forward to welcoming the players back to kick-start the preseason."
The Tigers being preseason training on Wednesday.
AAP
The English painter J. M. W. Turner will be the face of the new £20 note when it's released to the British public in 2020. But while it's nice to celebrate the life of the man who died in 1851, it seems as though people in the UK want someone more modern.
Sir David Attenborough is largely considered to be Britain's granddad. Many grew up with his iconic voice as he took us on a journey across the world, from ice capped mountains, to vibrant green jungles and desolate deserts.
So there's no surprise that the 91-year-old has topped the list on a survey asking Brits who they would prefer to have on their £20 note. His soothing voice is pretty decent, but imagine pulling out a cheeky Attenborough to pay for a few pints?
David Attenborough
Sir David and the Queen already look great together - so why can't they be on the £20 note? Credit: PA
The documentary filmmaker won 40 percent of the vote, with Prince Charles coming in second with just seven percent of the vote. People who took the survey were given a list of 15 'ethical champions', including J. K. Rowling, Richard Branson and Jamie Oliver.
An online petition has been set up to help grab the attention of the government to knock Turner off the £20 note and have Attenborough's mug plastered all over it. Campaign creator Rich Grundy says: "With his tireless conservation work, he would act as a constant reminder to the public to make 'ethical' money choices every single day.
"It is, surely, our responsibility to do everything within our power to create a planet that provides a home not just for us, but for all life on Earth."
The Bank of England's plan for the J. M. W. Turner note isn't bad by any stretch of the imagination.
banknote
Credit: Bank of England
But can you image what an Attenborough note would look like?
You could have any number of exotic animals in even more exotic locations. You could even issue different kinds of Attenborough £20 notes and theme them on Blue Planet, Frozen Planet and Planet Earth.
J. M. W. Turner was chosen because his oil painting The Fighting Temeraire was deemed the nation's favourite. The Bank of England's Mark Carney said: "Turner is perhaps the single most influential British artist of all time. His work was transformative for the art world. His influence spanned his lifetime and well beyond."
Um, Attenborough's work is timeless, revered, legendary, captivating, interesting and should be immortalised on the £20 note. Maybe he can be nominated for the £50 if it gets updated to plastic.
Sources: 38 Degrees, Cambridge News
Featured Image Credit: PA
MADISON, Wis. - Graffiti declaring that "White supremacy is a disease" was left on Memorial Library at the University of Wisconsin Wednesday night, according to University of Wisconsin police.
Officers were called to the library at 7 p.m. on a report of a graffiti complaint. Police said the message was signed "God," which is similar to numerous cases of graffiti on campus dating back at least six months.
A second message was found on the Humanities building, also signed by "God."
A police spokesperson told News 3 that the graffiti artist isn't new, but the message could be in response to other hate-related incidents on campus in recent weeks.
"We've lost count because there's been so many," UWPD spokesperson Marc Lovicott said.
The graffiti was to be removed by Thursday morning.
Police said they're reviewing surveillance video in an effort to identify a suspect.
Some condone it. A few openly encourage it. No one wants to hear about it. Few want to talk about it. It is a topic that much of the media and social media commentariat shy from.
It is the sustained and steadily increasing murder of farmers and, to a lesser extent, of their workers. It's a slaughter that goes almost unremarked upon.
This week the police portfolio committee was presented with South Africa's annual national crime statistics. They showed a worrying growth in violent crime, with murder up 1.8%.
The Freedom Front Plus (FF+) castigated the police for failing to provide specific numbers of farm killings and attacks, as they had promised to do. But, there are other sources.
According to the Transvaal Agricultural Union, there have been 1 824 farm murders over the past 27 years, while the FF+ claims 3 100 farm killings in 15 000 attacks over the same period.
Following a dip to 56 murders in 2011/12, there has been an increase, with AfriForum's statistics showing 70 murders and 357 farm attacks last year.
This year, so far 74 farmers have been killed, with the historically violent months of November and December yet to come.
Saps statistics show that 34.1 South Africans are murdered per 100 000 of the population.
Among commercial farmers – estimated by the Institute for Security Studies to number about 32 000 – this rises to 156 per 100 000, making a violent death on a farm 4.5 times more likely than the SA norm, says AfriForum.
The violence meted out in such attacks is also often brutal, with the victims sadistically tortured. Lorraine Claasen, AfriForum's criminologist, notes that in the past few months there is a new recklessness.
“The attackers just enter and open fire on anyone and everyone. There's no research to substantiate a political motivation. But there is no doubt that the defining characteristic of South Africa today is its culture of frustration, anger and aggression.”
The polarised nature of SA society cannot help. Social media is full of race-fuelled vitriol, while the authorities seem to be indifferent to outrageous threats from the EFF against minorities and farmers. To condone violence is to encourage it.
The tenor of much public discussion on farm killings is that they are to be expected, even justified by whites' “illegal” occupation of land and the way some farmers treat employees.
After years of vacillating over whether to prioritise efforts to prevent farm attacks or to pretend they are just everyday crime, new Police Minister Fikile Mbabula seems to have a refreshing approach. He ordered the missing statistics to be compiled and released immediately.
He said also his ministry was developing a rural safety strategy. But he was unable to resist shooting from the hip.
Farmers, he said, should not cry foul if they were attacked “because they employ people from Zimbabwe as cheap labour and exploit them, then those people turn against them and kill them”.
So now you know. The consensus of the commentariat and the minister of police is that farm killings are the fault of farmers. Or maybe Zimbabweans.
It apparently has nothing to do with poor policing or a politically expedient tolerance of violence by influential voices in our society.
For more news your way, follow The Citizen on Facebook and Twitter.
Read original story on citizen.co.za
A student accused of sexual assault is suing not only his accuser and his university for defamation, but also the organization that provided the school's discipline policy.
A University of Dayton student referred to in court documents as John Doe alleges he was wrongfully suspended for two years following a night of consensual sexual activity with a fellow student and athletic trainer at the university, identified only as Jane Roe.
The story is similar to dozens of others from college campuses. Two students meet at a party and engage in sexual activity. Sometime later (in this case, the next day) one of the participants (typically the woman) accuses the other of sexual assault. Police declined to press charges against the male student in this case, but a university disciplinary hearing found him responsible while ignoring his due process rights.
Two People, Two Completely Different Stories
John alleges in his lawsuit that Jane initiated the sexual activity—inviting him back to her apartment, saying she wanted to hook up with him, leading him to her bedroom, taking off her own clothes, and asking him to text her about meeting up later. She also, according to the lawsuit, told him that she enjoyed the encounter when he asked her multiple times throughout.
Jane was an athletic trainer at the University of Dayton in Ohio, and John was the freshman quarterback. John believes Jane accused him because she was afraid she would get in trouble and possibly lose her job as a trainer, since she was prohibited from having sexual relationships with athletes. John provides evidence in his lawsuit that Jane opposed this rule before their encounter, stating she wanted to “hook up with whoever [she] want[ed] to.”
John provided the university the results of his polygraph test, which found he answered truthfully to statements such as “Did you in any way force [Roe] to have sex of any kind?” Dayton employed two investigators to initially determine whether there was “probable cause” to initiate proceedings against John. The two investigators stated in their report that they were “tasked not with rendering credibility determinations or a final finding, rather with rendering a probable cause determination as to whether the case should be referred to the Office of Community Standards and Civility for an Accountability Hearing or whether the case should be closed with no further disciplinary action taken.”
Yet the two included their own analysis and credibility determinations in their report. In one instance, the two strongly discouraged the disciplinary hearing board from considering John's polygraph results, claiming, inaccurately, that courts don't allow them. Despite being tasked with finding probable cause, the two reported that probable cause “may” have existed.
No Chance to Question His Accuser
Like so many other young men on college campuses, John was put through the wringer. Campus authorities ignored evidence suggesting Jane was not incapacitated at the time of the encounter and that she initiated the sexual activity. Most troubling, none of the questions John submitted to be asked of Jane or witnesses were accepted. Federal guidance suggests schools limit cross-examination during such non-judicial hearings, and Dayton allowed students to submit questions to be asked at the discretion of the hearing board.
John's lawsuit lists all the questions he submitted. I could understand a few being determined to be irrelevant or too personal, but all of them? John wanted 27 questions asked of Jane, many with multiple parts regarding the evening in question. Some pertained to “safe words” that Jane and her roommates had agreed to use if they felt uncomfortable. According to John, Jane did not use any of these safe words. Asking why they weren't used during an encounter in which Jane later said she was uncomfortable or afraid would be a perfectly valid line of inquiry.
What should help John is that in another lawsuit against Dayton, a judge dismissed a student's breach of contract claim relating to cross-examination because the student didn't even try to submit questions. That decision, in Pierre v. University of Dayton, suggests the student's claim would not have been dismissed if he, like John, had submitted questions.
Without the ability to properly defend himself, John was suspended from the university for two years and lost his appeal. He is now suing Jane on two counts of defamation and suing Dayton for breach of contract and violating his rights under Title IX to be free from sex discrimination.
A Suit Against the Source of These Policies
In a move I have not seen before, John is also suing the National Center for Higher Education Risk Management (NCHERM), a consulting firm that charges colleges big bucks to teach them how to implement adjudication policies that have led to many lawsuits from accused students. It's not clear how much Dayton has paid NCHERM, but the group held a conference in 2011 that cost $2,500 a head and netted $425,000. They also sell yearly subscriptions to their services, one of which costs $11,500 a year with a discount.
As of 2014, more than 60 schools retain NCHERM for legal counsel, and representatives from thousands of schools attend their training sessions. One of the investigators Dayton hired for this case was Dr. Daniel C. Swinton, who worked for NCHERM. He went to Ohio to conduct the investigation. John alleges NCHERM was a third party to his injustice and is suing them for breach of contract, promissory estoppel, and negligence.
Doe is also suing all three parties for emotional distress, stating that he has been under “severe emotional distress” due to their actions, which has caused him to take anxiety and depression medications.
It's ironic that the Left, which has been the most vocal about the wholesale transfer of public funds from banks into the pockets of unscrupulous corporate promoters, hasn't uttered a word about the decision to bar promoters of defaulting firms to bid for their companies in the bankruptcy courts. Because the IBC ordinance is very strict, making it extremely difficult for promoters, shady or otherwise, to regain control of their companies after they go into bankruptcy. As it is, promoters have been running around desperately trying to unload their assets, in an attempt to pacify their bankers. The amendments to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) fans the fires already lit under them.
In essence, what the new rules do is tell company owners that they must either perform or perish and if you've defaulted for reasons beyond your control, tough luck. A right-wing government is doing what the Left could not.
Won't the promoter ban affect price discovery in the distressed companies market, leading to lower bids? That's very likely, although it'll obviously differ from case to case. It's also true that this could lead to bigger haircuts on loans for banks. And it will surely delay the resolution process for companies already on the block.
But that's a short-term cost. It is entirely possible that the ordinance may put the fear of God, or at least the fear of bankruptcy, into promoters, who will now do their utmost to stay out of the insolvency process and leave no stone unturned to pay their creditors on time. It will make them think twice before they over-leverage their balance sheets. It might also goad them to becoming more efficient. That will be a boon to banks in the long run.
There's also the powerful moral hazard argument. If a promoter knows that he can afford not to repay bank loans and buy back his company in the bankruptcy court at a discount with a reduced debt burden, he has a strong incentive to run his company into the ground, perhaps by siphoning off funds from it. Banning promoters from participating in bids removes that incentive. Or at least, allowing a promoter to participate only when he repays the overdues makes him pay a stiff cost.
In short, as with the goods and services tax (GST) and the Real Estate (Regulation and Development Act), or RERA, the promoter ban too will impose a short-term cost that has to be paid to clean up the system. It is yet another attempt to save Indian capitalism from its more odious capitalists.
Does that mean the move is against crony capitalism? Yes, but there are innumerable ways in which the powerful can reward their cronies—government contracts, loosening the rules for clearances, giving away land at concessional rates, a tax exemption here, an export incentive there, accelerated depreciation and merely looking the other way are some obvious ones. If one window closes, another can always be opened. It is also entirely possible that company owners and bankers collude to restructure loans under the myriad schemes very considerately made available for the purpose, without going to the bankruptcy courts. A belief in the possibility of a crony-free capitalism is one that is based on faith alone, much like a belief in Padmavati.
Is the move, like demonetisation and GST and RERA, against a section of the business class? Yes, it is, but the point here is that while incumbent owners will be hit by the promoter ban, there is perhaps an even more powerful constituency that will welcome the move—the businessmen who are in a position to snap up the companies on the block at a discount. Incidentally, the lower prices for distressed businesses could very well attract foreign capital keen on acquiring or enlarging their foothold in India.
What is important is that the Narendra Modi government has shown once again that it doesn't shy away from disciplining Indian business. The hope is that, in the long run, it will strengthen Indian capitalism.
True, the law of unintended consequences is likely to operate here too. Smaller distressed companies could now face liquidation, as bidders may be more interested in their assets rather than taking them over as going concerns. This issue must be addressed. And the loophole that promoters can bid if they clear the company's overdues could paradoxically help crooked promoters, since they could use the funds they have diverted to repay the overdues.
There will be instances where owners will have to give up their businesses through no fault of their own. But then, haven't farmers been driven to suicide because they have been unable to repay bank loans? Does the bank refrain from enforcing a mortgage because the home loan borrower has lost his job? Unlike large companies that have been favoured by serial restructuring programmes, banks show no mercy towards small businesses. And if there is an industry-wide or economy-wide problem such as a deep recession, the government and the central bank are sure to tell banks to exercise forbearance instead of going in for bankruptcy.
What matters is that the project of changing the balance of power between the creditors and the promoters, initiated by former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan, is now finally weighted in favour of the creditors. To be sure, the ordinance is certain to be tested in the courts, as promoters with their backs to the wall will fight tooth and nail to stall it. But as Rajan told reporters soon after taking over as RBI governor, “Promoters do not have a divine right to stay in charge regardless of how badly they mismanage an enterprise, nor do they have the right to use the banking system to recapitalize their failed ventures." That message is being hammered home.
Manas Chakravarty looks at trends and issues in the financial markets. Respond to this column at manas.c@livemint.com.
To read more of his columns, click here.
A 56-year-old Ooltewah man has been charged in the murder of his 39-year-old son-in-law.
Adam Keith Levi was found dead at his home in Ooltewah on Thursday night after Glen Allen Donaldson called 911 to report the shooting.
Donaldson, who is charged with first-degree murder, was asked by the dispatcher if his son-in-law was still alive. He said, "I doubt it."
The victim was found lying dead in the kitchen floor from a gunshot to the head.
The incident happened around 9 p.m. at the 3900 block of Niles Terrace.
A police report says Levi was going through a divorce with Donaldson's daughter.
Donaldson went to his residence to retrieve a bed rail.
Donaldson said Levi was at the kitchen sink and turned to threaten him with a knife. However, investigators said a knife was not found nearby.
They said the gunshot wound "was inconsistent with a self-defense shot."
When Donaldson was being taken into custody, a pistol was found in the front seat of his truck.
A group of doctors and environmentalists in Salt Lake City have joined the Occupy movement to sue the third-largest mining corporation in the world for allegedly violating the Clean Air Act with practices that contribute to thousands of pollution-related deaths in Utah each year. The company, Rio Tinto/Kennecott, pulled in a record $15 billion in profits last year. –ARK
Truthout:
… Medical research in the last ten years has firmly established that air pollution causes the same broad array of diseases well known to result from first- and secondhand cigarette smoke — strokes, heart attacks, high blood pressure, virtually every kind of lung disease, neurologic diseases like Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, loss of intelligence, chromosomal damage, higher rates of diabetes, obesity, adverse birth outcomes, and various cancers such as lung cancer, breast cancer and leukemia.
Most of Utah's cities are in violation of many of the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) national air quality standards, and for several days during a typical winter, Utah is plagued by the worst air pollution in the country. The American Lung Association routinely gives Utah's largest cities an “F” for our air quality. Last February, Forbes Magazine, hardly a cheerleader for excessive environmental protection, rated Salt Lake City as the ninth most toxic city in the country, and the biggest contributor to that ranking was the mining and smelting operations at the Bingham Canyon mine, run by London-based mining conglomerate Rio Tinto/Kennecott (RTK).
This is the world's largest open-pit mine and has created the largest mining-related water pollution problem in the world. The mine is located on the western doorstep of Salt Lake City, home to 1.8 million people. There is no comparable juxtaposition of an enormous mining operation this close to such a large urban center. RTK's mine and smelter operations account for 30 percent of the particulate matter emitted into the atmosphere over Salt Lake County, making it by far the largest source of industrial pollution in the urban areas of Utah.
Read more
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption John Kerry said he was serious about ''meaningful'' negotiations
The Russian and US foreign ministers have begun crucial talks in Geneva on a plan to place Syria's chemical weapons under international control.
Sergei Lavrov and John Kerry said they hoped the plan could avoid military action against Syria.
The UN has confirmed it has received documents from Syria on joining the Chemical Weapons Convention, a key step in the Russian plan.
Syria's president said it would submit arms data one month after signing.
The US accuses the Syrian government of killing hundreds of people in a chemical attack in the Ghouta area of the capital, Damascus, on 21 August. The government denies the allegation, blaming rebels.
Analysis The United Nations has received what is called a "letter of accession" from the Syrian government - the first step in signing up to the chemical weapons convention. The treaty came into force in 1997 and bans the production, stockpiling and use of these deadly weapons. It has been signed up to by all but five nations: Angola, North Korea, Egypt, South Sudan and, until now, Syria. Under its terms, Syria must provide a detailed inventory of all its chemical weapons agents and facilities, detail the exact locations of its stockpiles, and open them to inspection by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW). This is the first time that a country has started the process of joining the convention while in the midst of war. According to a source at the OPCW, this raises practical problems, and the security situation would make it very challenging to carry out inspections.
Russia announced its proposal for dealing with the escalating chemical weapons crisis on Monday, as the US Congress was preparing to debate whether to back President Barack Obama's moves towards military strikes.
'Doable but difficult'
In a news conference ahead of a working dinner in Geneva, Foreign Minister Lavrov said the resolution of the chemical weapons issue in Syria would make any military strike by the United States unnecessary.
He said there had to be a move away from military confrontation, and that successful talks could lead to a "Geneva 2" meeting.
Secretary of State Kerry said that only the threat of force had spurred Syria to accept relinquishing its chemical weapons, but that he hoped diplomacy could prevent military action.
He said the expectations for the meeting were high - particularly for Russia.
Mr Kerry said: "This is not a game. It has to be real, it has to be comprehensive, it has to be verifiable, it has to be credible, it has to be... implemented in a timely fashion. Finally, there ought to be consequences if it doesn't take place."
He added: "President Obama has made clear that should diplomacy fail, force might be necessary."
The Syrians' use of the phrase "standard practice" in supplying information to the UN appeared to irk Mr Kerry.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption US Secretary of State John Kerry: "You want me to take your word for it - it's a little early for that."
"There is nothing standard about this process at this moment because of the way the regime has behaved," he said.
Mr Lavrov appeared to admonish Mr Kerry for making a political address, saying: "Diplomacy likes silence". Mr Kerry failed to hear the translation of Mr Lavrov's final words and asked to hear them again.
Mr Lavrov said in English, "It's OK, John", only for Mr Kerry to say, smiling: "You want me to take your word for it - it's a little early for that."
The BBC's James Robbins in Geneva says these are critical talks, aimed at breaking two-and-a-half years of deadlock over Syria.
Our correspondent says the American and Russian teams are unusually large - packed with weapons experts as well as diplomats.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Jeremy Bowen near the Syrian town of Maaloula: "In the distance... I can hear quite heavy explosions"
He says the idea is that detailed talks on the practicalities of chemical disarmament will run in parallel with the hard political graft between Mr Kerry and Mr Lavrov - but it is expected to be a lengthy process, as each side tests the other hard to see if they really can find common ground.
US officials had earlier described Russia's plan as "doable but difficult".
Mr Lavrov also gave an outline of the three main phases of the proposal:
Syria joins the Chemical Weapons Convention, which outlaws the production and use of the weapons
Syria reveals where its chemical weapons are stored and gives details of its programme
Experts decide on the specific measures to be taken
Before meeting Mr Lavrov, Mr Kerry held talks with the UN-Arab League envoy to Syria, Lakhdar Brahimi.
The meeting with Mr Lavrov - described by US officials as comprehensive - lasted an hour and was followed by a private dinner.
The US and Russian teams will meet again on Friday morning.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption On Russia's Rossiya 24, President Assad says the US must "stop supplying terrorists with weapons"
'Not unilateral'
President Bashar al-Assad earlier appeared on Russian TV to confirm that his country's chemical weapons would be placed under international control but insisted that "US threats did not influence the decision".
In his interview, Mr Assad told state-run Rossiya 24 that Syria was sending relevant documents to the UN as part of the process of signing the Chemical Weapons Convention.
Syria's UN envoy Bashar Jaafari later said that "legally speaking", Syria was now a full member of the convention.
However, a UK spokesman at the UN said: "The procedures of the Chemical Weapons Convention assume a good faith and a commitment on the part of the acceding state which simply cannot be extended to Syria immediately after it has used chemical weapons against its own people."
Chemical weapons plan timeline 5-6 Sep: Vladimir Putin and Barack Obama discuss idea of placing Syria's chemical weapons under international control on sidelines of G20 summit 9 Sep: Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says he has urged Syria to hand in chemical weapons and have them destroyed; Syria welcomes plan 10 Sep: Syria's foreign minister makes first public admission of the regime's chemical weapons stockpile; Syria commits to Russian plan. Mr Obama postpones Congress vote on military action and says he will give Russian plan a chance 12 Sep: US Secretary of State John Kerry meets Mr Lavrov in Geneva Chemical attacks: What we know Frank Gardner: Horror of gas attacks Syria's chemical stockpile
Mr Assad said that Russia's proposal was "not unilateral", adding: "Syria will accept it if America stops military threats and if other countries supplying the rebels with chemical weapons also abide by the agreement."
The main Syrian armed rebel group has already refused to co-operate on the plan.
Gen Salim Idriss of the Free Syrian Army said he categorically rejected it, and insisted that the most important thing was to punish the perpetrators of chemical attacks.
If the talks in Geneva are successful, the US hopes the disarmament process will be agreed in a UN Security Council resolution.
However, Russia regards as unacceptable any resolution backed by military force, or a resolution that blames the Syrian government for chemical attacks.
Moscow has already objected to a draft resolution that would be enforced by Chapter VII of the UN charter, which would in effect sanction the use of force if Syria failed in its obligations.
Russia, supported by China, has blocked three previous draft resolutions condemning the Assad government.
More than 100,000 people have died since the uprising against President Assad began in 2011.
A key figure in Arsenal's drubbing of Aston Villa, Mesut Özil assures that for him, criticism is like water off a duck's back.
"I don't play to prove anything to anybody, I play for Arsenal", said the midfielder in an interview with the German news agency dpa, in London. Özil scored his team's first goal and assisted their second in Arsenal's 3-0 victory over Aston Villa.
Just 72 seconds passed by between his goal and the assist - making the German the talk of the town in the Premier League.
"This was Özil at his best, playing in his favoured No 10 position and producing a classy performance that underlined why Wenger has vigorously defended the £42 million signing during periods of underachievement" enthused the Daily Telegraph.
Özil didn't want to talk about the idea of him being "set free" as a player. "The English league is something special, it's a long season to which must be added three other competitions. Therefore, there will always be highs and lows, but I can handle it."
The player felt that recent criticism directed towards him was "strange". "I have the feeling that I am criticized more. That happened to me in the Bundesliga and also at Real Madrid", he mused.
"We've only just started the season, we have new players in key positions. The collective game, which is something I have a lot to do with, cannot then just work well from one day to the next", observed the German.
U.S. based think tank, RAND Cooperation has said that may interfere in affairs and push to stop atrocities on political activists and youth in its largest province.
Senior Political Scientist Peter Chalk of RAND Cooperation was speaking during a side event at the 28th Regular Session of the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva. The event titled "Buried Human Rights, Global Geopolitics and Regional Repercussions: in the Shadows" was organized by Brussels based Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization.
"At least until now the US is being dependent on support in the global war on terror particularly ruling our foreign elements from the tribal belt and therefore has not pushed a strong international response to what is doing in Balochistan; that may change as strategic importance to the United States falls on following the withdrawal from Afghanistan," said Chalk.
"The situation (in Balochistan) is very serious in terms of social and economic development, sectarianism and also the completing power place of outside actors within Balochistan, it is very complex situation and the fact is that it is being sidelined at international forum. I think, it's worrying because it has ramifications for Pakistani stability, ramification for regional stability, because Pakistan is not only in Pakistan, but Iran," he added.
"Issues of state abuses, human rights violations, these are international concerns that need to be addressed," said Chalk.
While a crucial factor when trying to understand the geopolitical complexities of South Asia, Balochistan, which covers part of Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan, receives very little international attention and is often overlooked in political analyses of the region.
Rich in resources, occupies an increasingly vital geo-strategic position, and has become the target for massive infrastructural projects, with Iran and Pakistan developing competing port, rail, and highway networks, in an attempt to further Central Asian trade through their own national territories.
The heavy costs and technical challenges this entails has been encountered by investment from other states, including China, which in turn has led to mounting rivalry in the region.
"The implications of what Pakistan and China are planning together is going to be the ripples effect all the way to Europe and North America because they have some evil designs for the future. They will reach and it should reach to ill plans of Pakistan and China programme," said Mehran Baluch, Baloch political activist.
At the same time, the human rights situation in Balochistan is drastically deteriorating, with the region's respective governments failing at their most basic duty - to protect the safety of their citizens and enforce rule of law.
Moreover, due to a recent constitutional amendment, military courts, instead of civilian ones, are now allowed to handle terrorism cases, raising fears that this will serve as a pretext to try Baloch civilians without respecting their fundamental freedoms.
.
Sir Ken Robinson
Author. Speaker. Educational Consultant.
Believes creativity is as important as literacy and we should treat it with the same status.
Thinks school “reform” is of no use because it only seeks to improve on a broken model and that we need a revolution in education as opposed to an evolution of it.
“If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original.”
Thinks of human talents like natural resources – they are always there, but you may never discover them.
Believes people misunderstand what creativity is and too often confuse it with being artistic.
“The question is not how creative are you, the question is how are you creative?”
Thinks being in your element means more than just doing something you're good at – you also have to do something you love.
Believes there's a great deal you can do to make yourself more creative.
Connect with Ken: Website • Twitter
Get tomorrow's person by email: Subscribe here.
The DNC aided and abetted two illegal aliens on Monday night during the nationally televised DNC Convention 2016 in Philadelphia. Thus, according to the law, the DNC twice violated Section 8 U.S. Code 1324.
At 8:04pm local time, the DNC invited an illegal alien to accompany her daughter to tout Hillary Clinton for president. During her speech, which was televised on national TV, the daughter explicitly said her mother is in the United States illegally. Minutes before the mother and daughter team took to the stage, the DNC played a video showing the daughter communicating with Hillary Clinton during one of her tour stops in Nevada. It was then that the daughter (Karla) admitted to Hillary Clinton that her mother (Francisca) received a government issued letter of deportation. Clearly, the mother is ignoring the deportation order, and so to is the DNC and Hillary Clinton.
Following the mother/daughter act, another illegal alien took to the podium at 8:09pm local time. Her name is Astrid Silva, and she said in clear english, “I came to America illegally with my mother when I was 4-years old. We crossed the river [Rio Grande] on a raft.”
Continue reading →
For your convenience, you may leave commments below using either the Spot.IM commenting system or the Facebook commenting system. If Spot.IM is not appearing for you, please disable AdBlock to leave a comment.
Coming Soon
ReMastered: The Lion's Share
A journalist seeking the author of "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" discovers the story of Solomon Linda and finds his family living in the slums of Soweto.
THE DEVIL ALL THE TIME
Desperate to save his dying wife, a man turns to prayer -- and more extreme measures. A gothic drama starring Tom Holland and Chris Evans.
The Spy
This drama series tells the astonishing true story of Israel's most prominent spy, Eli Cohen, who infiltrated the Syrian government in the 1960s.
Guillermo Del Toro Presents 10 After Midnight
Acclaimed Academy Award-winning filmmaker Guillermo del Toro curates this collection of sinister stories, each more horrifying than the next.
Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020
As the eyes of the world turn to Tokyo for 2020, six new strangers will gather in this exciting city to live under the same roof.
Team Kaylie
After one too many misdemeanors, selfie-obsessed teen socialite Kaylie Konners is legally tasked with leading an after-school wilderness club.
Undercover
A major ecstasy producer living in luxury on the Dutch-Belgian border faces big changes when two undercover agents begin moving in on his operation.
Delhi Crime
Based on true events, this dramatized series follows the police investigation of the 2012 Delhi gang-rape case. Starring Shefali Shah and Adil Hussain.
The Recording Industry Association of America on Monday demanded a federal judge order Harvard University's Charles Nesson to remove from the internet "unauthorized and illegal recordings" of pretrial hearings and depositions in a file-sharing lawsuit headed to trial.
"Enough is enough. For the past five months, this court has repeatedly warned defense counsel regarding his insistence on engaging unauthorized and illegal recordings of counsel and proceedings in this case," RIAA attorney Daniel Cloherty wrote (.pdf) U.S. District Judge Nancy Gertner of Massachusetts. Cloherty urged the court to sanction Nesson, the founder of the 12-year-old Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard University.
"The idea that a court is being asked by them to order educational material to be removed from the Berkman Center for Internet and Society website seems a questionable intrusion both on my liberty and the public interest," said Nesson in a telephone interview. "I certainly don't agree that I am violating any law."
The case concerns former Boston University student Joel Tenenbaum, who Nesson is defending in an RIAA civil lawsuit accusing him of file-sharing copyrighted music. Jury selection is scheduled in three weeks, in what is shaping up to be the RIAA's second of about 30,000 cases against individuals to reach trial.
The labels, represented by the RIAA, on Monday cited a series of examples in which they accuse Nesson of violating court orders and privacy laws by posting audio to his blog or to the Berkman site. Among them, they include:
In a 2008 deposition of his client, "a surreptitious recording," that included "confidential communications between the attorneys involved in the case."
A January telephone conversation between the judge and RIAA lawyers "without the prior consent of participants."
The July 1 deposition of defense copyright expert John Palfrey, which Nesson was also simultaneously twittering.
The July 2-3 deposition of defense peer-to-peer expert Johan Pouwelse, which Nesson is accused of videotaping.
Judge Gertner, in February, issued an order in response to RIAA complaints about unauthorized recordings. "The parties are advised that any such recording without permission of participants, as well as the broadcast of such communications, runs afoul" (pdf) of state law. On June 16, Gertner said such taping was a "violation of the law."
Still, Nesson took Monday's court filing in stride. At one point, he said he had been "unaware" of the Massachusetts law requiring all parties of a communication consent to its recording.
"I have to say I was completely unaware of this Massachusetts law. When I dug into this thing, I am amazed to what it purports to be," said Nesson, who is defending the Tenenbaum case for free.
He labeled as "gobbledygook" the felony privacy law that is punishable by up to five years in prison.
"That is so outrageously unconstitutional that I would prefer myself to honor the United States Constitution and take my chances that recording a conversation with a judge in a federal case and opposing lawyers is somehow in violation of a Massachusetts statute that makes me a felon," Nesson said.
Nesson, who has attempted but so far failed to get the upcoming trial and pretrial proceedings webcast, said the lawsuit's proceedings should be in the public domain.
"I'm opening it up," he said. "That's what I founded the Berkman Center to fight for."
See Also:
US President Barack Obama would be granted powers to seize control of and even shut down the internet under a new bill that describes the global internet as a US "national asset".
Local lobby groups and academics have rounded on the plan, saying that, rather than combat terrorists, it would actually do them "the biggest favour ever" by terrorising the rest of the world, which is now heavily reliant on cyberspace.
The proposed legislation, introduced into the US Senate by independent senator Joe Lieberman, who is chairman of the US Homeland Security committee, seeks to grant the President broad emergency powers over the internet in times of national emergency.
Titled "Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act", the bill stipulates any internet firms and providers must "immediately comply with any emergency measure or action developed" by a new section of the US Department of Homeland Security, dubbed the "National Centre for Cybersecurity and Communications".
Lobby group TechAmerica told ZDNet it worried that the bill would give the US "absolute power" over the internet and create "unintended consequences".
One of Australia's top communications experts, University of Sydney associate professor Bjorn Landfeldt, railed against the idea, saying shutting down the internet would "inflict enormous damage on the entire world".
He said it would be like giving a single country "the right to poison the atmosphere, or poison the ocean".
"All our financial systems, all our security systems ... we're so reliant on the internet that if you shut it down there's a question of whether society will continue to operate normally anywhere in the Western world," Landfeldt said in a phone interview.
"By doing this they would do the terrorists the biggest favour ever because they would terrorise the rest of the world".
Landfeldt said the US would be the only country in the world with the ability to shut down the internet. He said such a move would be extremely difficult for the US to justify to other nations.
"Unfortunately, too much of the core of the internet resides in the US - let's put it this way, they cannot shut down machines in Australia, but they can completely isolate us and shut down certain core functions like the DNS ... they can render the internet fairly useless for the rest of the world," he said.
Senator Susan Collins, co-sponsor of the bill, has said: "We cannot afford to wait for a cyber-9/11."
Lieberman argued the bill was necessary to "preserve those networks and assets and our country and protect our people".
He said that, for all its allure, the internet could also be a "dangerous place with electronic pipelines that run directly into everything from our personal bank accounts to key infrastructure to government and industrial secrets".
US economic security, national security and public safety were now all at risk from new kinds of enemies, including "cyber warriors, cyber spies, cyberterrorists and cyber criminals".
Geordie Guy, spokesman for the online users' lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia, said governments around the world seemed terrified of some unidentified risk that they believe the internet poses.
"The proposal is from Joe Lieberman, a repeat offender on rights versus regulation, in a bill called Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act of 2010," he said.
"One wonders which nation Senator Lieberman considers the internet an asset of, and how proposing its destruction by presidential or homeland security order protects it.
"The internet is not a national asset of the United States, nor is it a media regulation problem of Australia. It is an international network used by millions upon millions of citizens and it needs to remain free and available."
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy did not respond to calls requesting comment.
Google, one of the world's biggest internet companies, declined to comment as it was not yet official US government policy.
ALA Midwinter 2012: ALA To Meet With Top Executives of Macmillan, Simon & Schuster, and Penguin on Ebook Lending
Time to "move some dialog with these publishers forward," said ALA President Molly Raphael at the Working Group on Digital Content and Libraries meeting.
The Gujjars, who threw stones at police and in places broke windshields of cars and buses, want to be reclassified further down India's complex Hindu caste and status system to qualify for government jobs and university places reserved for such groups. During Thursday's protests, Subodh Singh, from the Delhi Gujjar Federation, said: "We are here for the people of Rajasthan who have died. Who do not have food to eat. We won't settle for anything less than this scheduled tribe status, that is our least demand." Constitutional fight In video
Al Jazeera reports on why the Gujjars are protesting Police cleared most blockades after hours of scuffles. Some train services to towns outside Delhi, including several tourist destinations, remained suspended. Sachin Pilot, a representative from the Gujjar community and member of the Indian National Congress party told Al Jazeera that the Gujjars, present in nine of the 25 states of India, are fighting for something they believe is constitutionally theirs. Police cleared most blockades after hours of scuffles. Some train services to towns outside Delhi, including several tourist destinations, remained suspended.
"There has been violence and state-sponsored terrorism which has claimed 66 lives in the past 12 months, and that has activated this movement.
"India is growing at nine per cent a year - economically it is becoming a superpower," he said. "I think it's important that the backward communities have an equitable stakeholding in that process.
"It's not just a question of status, it's about having equal distribution in terms of opportunities for jobs and education."
"It is important that a country grows at an equitable pace, and every community, no matter how backward or forward it is, educationally or financially, has a say in India's growth story."
Policeman attacked
Protesters threw bricks at police and broke
car and bus windshields [AFP]
Demonstrations turned violent last week after protesters lynched a policeman and police fired on protesters, killing 36 of them in just a few days.
On Thursday morning, the protesters turned vehicles away from the towns of Noida and Gurgaon, home to scores of outsourcing and computer software firms.
Some telecom firms such as BlackBerry closed their service centres in these suburbs.
"The truth is that our politics is driving us into an explosive cul de sac," wrote Pratap Bhanu Mehta, head of the Centre for Policy Research, in The Indian Express.
"The recent, terrible violence is a reminder of what happens to societies when they can neither endure their current social condition, nor the means to overcome it."
'Exclusory system'
Javeed Alam, chairman of the Indian Council of Social Science Research, and expert on the Indian caste system, told Al Jazeera that the problem was a consequence of the Indian caste system being based on exclusion.
"These people [Gujjars] still have not been able to make headway in the same way that the Indian economy has made way for others. So they are fighting now to gain some kind of position in society.
"The Gujjars have a long history of violent protest. These were the people who were at the forefront of the revolt against the British rule in 1857. After that, the British classified them as criminal tribes.
"They have lived a life of complete exclusion and repression," he said.
Systemic issue
The Indian government reserves about half of all seats in state colleges and universities for lower castes and tribal groups to even out centuries-old social hierarchies, in what was called the world's biggest affirmative action scheme.
However, the Gujjars fall into a different grouping and seek to be reclassified under the lower "scheduled tribes and castes" grouping.
The scheme has been criticised for accentuating caste identities in India, where discrimination on caste is banned in the constitution.
Some critics say the quota system hides India's failure to provide good universal education and social equality.
Corpses used
In Rajasthan's towns of Bayana and Sikandra, where Gujjars are a majority, protesters blocked roads with bodies of some of those killed in the police firing a week ago, saying the bodies would not be cremated until the government relented.
The army and federal police forces surrounded both towns.
A year ago, Gujjars in Rajasthan fought police and members of another caste that already qualifies for job quotas. At least 26 people were killed in that violence.
After these protests, a state government committee said it would spend 2.8 billion rupees ($67 million) improving schools, clinics, roads and other infrastructure in Gujjar areas.
The Gujjars, however, rejected this option.
Image copyright Reuters
Drug resistance has been detected in patients infected with the new bird flu that has emerged in China, say doctors.
The H7N9 virus became resistant to Tamiflu in three out of 14 patients treated with antiviral drugs at Shanghai Public Health Clinical Centre.
The researchers, writing in the Lancet, said resistance emerged with "apparent ease" and was "concerning".
There have been no new cases of the infection for more than two weeks.
Resistance
Doctors analysed the virus in 14 patients. All had pneumonia and half needed ventilation to keep them alive.
Treatment with antivirals reduced levels of H7N9 in most patients and led to an improvement in symptoms.
Yet the treatment failed in three patients. Genetic testing of the virus in these patients showed it had acquired the mutations needed to resist the drugs.
The doctors believe that in at least one patient the emergence of resistance was a direct consequence of treatment with Tamiflu.
Such antiviral drugs are the only way of treating the infection.
The researchers said: "The apparent ease with which antiviral resistance emerges in H7N9 viruses is concerning, it needs to be closely monitored and considered in future pandemic response plans."
There have been 131 confirmed cases and 36 deaths since the virus was first reported early this year.
However, the most recent case reported was on 8 May. Efforts to close poultry markets are thought to have significantly reduced the spread of the virus.
Hanging signs of Lombard Street, the City
Lombard Street, amid the hullabaloo of the City, is one of the few places in London where 17th- and 18th-century-style shop signs survive in all their gilt glory, jutting from buildings on wrought-iron brackets, creaking and groaning in the wind. Walking west from Birchin Lane to St Mary Woolnoth's, you can see the sign of the king's head, “cat-a-fiddling”, golden grasshopper (originally the emblem of the Gresham family, who built the Royal Exchange), and golden anchor. They are Edwardian reconstructions of earlier (mainly goldsmiths') signs, reappropriated by early 20th-century banks, though the signs of the black eagle and the black horse, which became the logos for Barclays and Lloyd's, have vanished. Lateral thinking was needed to decipher old signs: Adam and Eve meant a fruiterer; a bugle's horn, a post office; a unicorn, an apothecary's; a spotted cat, a perfumer's (since civet, a fashionable musky perfume, was scraped from the anal glands of African civet cats). Some signs breathed – there were cats in baskets, rats and parrots in cages, vultures tethered to wine shacks, and so on, often with bells around their necks. When these “live signs” expired, they were sometimes stuffed to ensure brand continuity.
• Lombard Street, EC3
St John's Gate, Clerkenwell
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: S R Veejay/Alamy
Unlikely among the office blocks and old warehouses of Clerkenwell, this bare, battlemented gate tower was built in 1504 as the entrance to the priory of St John (the charitable Order still exists today as St John Ambulance) when Clerkenwell was but a village in the fields. Long after the monastery had been dissolved and Clerkenwell swallowed by the growing metropolis, the east tower was home to Hogarth's coffeehouse, opened by Richard, father of the famous artist, in 1703. The Hogarth family lived in the gate tower and we can imagine the child William at a window, gathering inspiration for his later engravings. His father was a quixotic Latin nut, who dreamed of publishing a Latin dictionary. There was only one rule in his coffeehouse: everyone had to speak, or at least learn to speak, in Latin. It was short-lived. The Hogarth family soon found themselves living within the “liberties” of another fortress-like structure: the Fleet Prison, where Richard was incarcerated for debt, while today the gate tower is occupied by an unexpectedly absorbing Order of St John museum.
• St John's Gate, Clerkenwell, EC1M 4DA
Southwark Needle, London bridge
Perhaps because it blends in so effortlessly with the beige-grey office blocks around it, or even the Shard on the horizon, this svelte spike at the Southwark end of London bridge is all but invisible to the tourists and commuters going past. Sixteen metres long, at a slight tilt, and made of Portland stone, it marks the approximate spot where, for almost 400 years, the heads of traitors were impaled on wooden spears on the great stone gate, one of the first things people saw as they entered the City. A Swiss traveller counted over 30 in 1599, noting the perverse pride felt by noblemen seeing an ancestor's head on a stick, grinning down at them. The first traitor to have the pleasure was William “Braveheart” Wallace in 1305 and by the time the tradition petered out in the late 17th century, the likes of Wat Tyler, Thomas Cromwell and Guy Fawkes had all been similarly transformed into gruesome human lollipops – their heads all parboiled, sautéed in pitch, and cared for by the keeper of the heads, one of the weirdest jobs in old London.
• Southwark Needle, London Bridge SE1
The Cat & Mutton pub, Broadway Market
This lively gastropub stands between uber-gentrified Broadway Market and London Fields, once common grazing ground and a haunt of cut-throats and robbers, now more of a barbecue beach for mankle-flashing hipsters. In the 18th century, the Shoulder of Mutton and Cat was a watering hole for drovers en route to the meat markets and thrill-seekers from the City. And what thrills lay in store – each week, a pig was seized from the fields and brought to the pub, where it had its tail lathered in soap. The drinkers would then spill out and chase the pig, screaming and shouting, and pulling each other down. Their aim was to grab the pig by the tail, swing it round their heads, and hurl it into the fields. The prize: a gold-laced hat, elevated on a pole. Happily, the Cat & Mutton no longer sponsors pig swinging but, if it did, there's a chance the poor creature's snout would come crashing down onto a platter of organic olives or Brie de Meaux, sure to raise the eyebrows of the “bruschetta society” at the farmers' market each Saturday.
• The Cat & Mutton pub, 76 Broadway Market, E8
Statue of Mr Jamrach's Tiger, Tobacco Dock, Wapping
Though there is a twinkle of malevolence in his eye, this bronze tiger in Wapping's glum Tobacco Dock looks too playful and tame to have almost eaten the little boy in front of him for his lunch. But don't be fooled. Alighting from Bengal in 1857, the tiger was the latest exotic addition to Charles Jamrach's Animal Emporium on the deathly Ratcliffe Highway. However, it escaped, sauntered down the street, and clamped just about the only person who hadn't fled in terror – a gawping nine-year old boy – between his jaws. Seeing what was going on, Mr Jamrach (or so he later claimed) rushed out of his shop and saved the boy with the aid of a colleague with a crowbar. The statue brings a dash of colour to Tobacco Dock, part of the docklands which, despite regeneration, is devoid of the bustle and energy it enjoyed prior to the dissolution of the docks from the late 1960s.
• Tobacco Dock, Wapping, E1
Caffè Nero, 79 Tottenham Court Road
On Tottenham Court Road, opposite Heal's department store, is a solitary Caffè Nero. It sits, forlorn, in a moat of open space, like a lone domino. The concrete space around the café, in front of the mural, is a favourite spot for people to eat their lunch or feed pigeons, perhaps oblivious to the area's tragic history. On Palm Sunday 1945, much of this area was decimated by a V2 rocket blast – the last, in fact, to rock central London. It destroyed Whitefield's Tabernacle (since rebuilt on a smaller scale and today housing the American International Church), killing at least nine and damaging the surrounding buildings, many of which were never redeveloped. In the final stages of the second world war, just over 500 V2 rockets swooped down upon London, disembowelling entire streets without warning, sending mountainous halos of jet-black smoke swirling into the sky, and leaving parts of the city looking like the surface of the moon. They killed approximately 2,700 people. Today, the only signs of death are the seven non-flowering trees to the right of the café.
• Caffè Nero, 79 Tottenham Court Road, W1T 4TB
James J Fox Cigar Merchant, St James's
On superior St James's Street, near Pickering Place (the smallest public square in London), statues of two Native Americans keep guard outside the headquarters of James J Fox. It claims to be the oldest cigar merchant in the world (though the shop itself was recast in an incongruously imperial Portland stone redevelopment in the 1920s). Inside, it's dusty, musty and oaky with cabinets of cigars, a smorgasboard of pipes and wainscoting festooned with coats of arms. The large ledgers on display testify to some truly impressive customers over the years, including Oscar Wilde (who failed to pay off his bill) and Winston Churchill, whose 10-a-day cigar habit, in his view, contributed to his long-lasting health (he lived to 90). Inside, you can see the gorgeous leather armchair on which he sat to select his favourite smokes. Partially exempt from the smoking ban (via a loophole that allows you to claim you're merely sampling prospective purchases), J J Fox is a relic of a vanished London tradition – the tobacco house – of which there were over 7,000 in 1614.
• James. J. Fox Cigar Merchant, 19 St James's Street, SW1
The Handbell of St Sepulchre's Church, Holborn Viaduct
Photograph: PR
The connotations of St Sepulchre's with death and burial are highly apt: for centuries, the pealing of its bell signalled the imminent hanging – or worse – of an inmate of nearby Newgate Prison, characterised by Casanova as “an abode of misery and depair, a hell such as Dante might have conceived”. Today, the church is unassuming, lost in swirling tides of traffic. Inside you'll find, behind the third pillar on the right, another bell – a lead, squat handbell. Preserved in a handsome glass case, you might take it for a relic. But, in fact, it was an instrument of terror between the 17th and 19th centuries. On the eve of an execution, the sexton of St Sepulchre's appeared outside the condemned hold, opened a tiny spiked slit and gave 12 tolls of this bell. He then recited a nasty little verse, beginning: “All you that in the condemned hold do lie, Prepare you, for tomorrow you shall die.” It was, as Lady Macbeth puts it, “the sternest goodnight”.
• St Sepulchre's Church, Holborn Viaduct, EC1
Apothecaries' Hall, Black Friars
Rebuilt in 1672 after the Great Fire, and a survivor of the Blitz, London's oldest and most magical livery hall is tucked away off Black Friars Lane, a narrow cobbled street tilting to the Thames, tyrannised by angry cyclists. A dark passage guarded by golden unicorns leads into a courtyard with vivid, custard-yellow façades. Having previously been part of the grocers' guild, the apothecaries were incorporated by royal charter in 1617, evolving into the pharmacists of the day. The eastern range, containing the Great Hall, is the oldest part. At Open House Weekend each September (and on occasional tours), you can visit the parlour and see the society's array of drug jars; the whole complex has something of the master wizard's lair about it. Underneath the Great Hall was once an “elaboratory”, where apothecaries concocted their unguents, vomit cakes and elixirs. One infallible 17th-century cure for depression begins “take 40 or 50 swallows when they are ready to fly from their nests, bruise them to pulp in a mortar with feathers and all, [and add] three pints of strong white wine”. It's a wonder they stayed in business so long.
• Apothecaries' Hall, Black Friars Lane, EC4
Crossbones Garden, Southwark
The denizens of Southwark are remembered in this wild garden, once a pauper's burial ground and now a shrine to the outcast dead, much written about by local poet John Constable. Colourful ribbons are twined around rusty railings commemorating both the faceless, forgotten poor of centuries past and more recent losses. Among the flowers, photographs and poems, a brown plaque states unambiguously “in medieval times, this was an unconsecrated graveyard for prostitutes”, channelling the Elizabethan topographer John Stow who, in 1598, mentioned “an [unconsecrated] plot of ground, called the singlewoman's churchyard ... far from the parish church” for Winchester Geese (medieval prostitutes). Southwark Cathedral, once the parish church of St Mary Overie, doesn't seem particularly far away, it has to be said but this could, nonetheless, be what Stow was talking about. The corpses and bones, excavated by the Museum of London in the 1990s and dating from late Georgian and early Victorian times, perhaps represent the continuation of a medieval burial tradition of the dispossessed. Whatever the truth, it's a rare oasis in the thick of Southwark to remember the dead, commune with the living, and contemplate one's own mortality in a breathless urban world.
• Crossbones Garden, Redcross Way, SE1
Dr Matthew Green is a writer, historian and broadcaster and the author of London: A Travel Guide Through Time, published by Penguin on 18 June 2015. He is also the director of Unreal City Audio, which stages tours of historic London
• This article was amended on 9 June 2015. John Constable is not a 19th century poet. He is a contemporary poet and author of The Southwark Mysteries.
by Karen Christine Patrick
We have refugees in my house this week, one is a dog we are dog-sitting for our friend who had a sudden death in the family. The other is an elderly neighbor who had three trees come down in his yard from a sudden storm as we get from time-to-time here in Texas. Friends and neighbors are likely to assist in the case of our elderly friend beyond putting him up for a few days. On a fixed income, he's going to have a hard time with the bill for the electrician to repair his power box that was torn from the house. We are working on this issue, but this situation but this had me thinking about “charity” in terms of short term or how it's seen as a crutch for the economy, the safety net when all others fail.
Where I live, we hear about “faith based charities” like it's a panacea for the increasing austerity and appealing to the noble notion that giving is good (which it is) and communities ought to support the needy. Key word here is “ought”… in other words, it's voluntary and so people may or may not respond, fair enough. Also, people cannot be guilted into giving what they don't have. That's not fair, although some of the most generous people I know give sacrificially, and that is admirable. But as we go now in the “recession” LONGER than the Great Depression, and people are burning every resource they have now just for the basics, depending on charity is not realistic for an economy that doesn't allow for the accumulation of resources to be shared in the first place, generally.
Charities can help people, but they need to be helped first before they can do that. With the economy down, most of the charities are very limited like never before. I think that giving to others is a wonderful thing, but it is important to acknowledge that charity can't make up for when an economic system is being mismanaged on the grand scale. Experiencing a move, I came from a community with much stronger charitable capacity than the one I am in now. I have seen that charitable capacity differs, community by community, according to the overall health of the local economy.
Charity is great, but it's for setbacks. It does it's best work providing for life's unfortunate events, for the ability for the community to respond individually and collectively to what wasn't able to be provided any other way. However, more and more it's apparent that our system is broken at the top. Financial scandals and bank bailouts by the government means something is really, really wrong with the monetary system itself that needs corrected or the bailouts and “easing” won't do a darn thing. The people will lose trust enough, hopefully before “a crash” as our grandfathers and grandmothers told us about.
Charity was not made to balance an imbalance in the social contract where we expect the wealthy to contribute, not continually hunt for loopholes and tax shelters. That doesn't mean they don't contribute at all, for there are many foundations and charitable organizations that court the wealthy to contribute. There is that tax benefit thing also further goading the wealthy to cough up the cash. Great. Awesome. More. However, by the numbers, we see a gross inequity where charity is just a cover up of a fundamentally unfair system of patronage, not unlike the feudal age. That is not just rhetoric on my part, we have a world where eighty individuals now have over half the wealth of the planet. That is mind boggling. And the laws, governments, economic advantages have the effect of an invisible funnel pumping money up the chain. The idea of a “trickle down” is a joke. The experiment is over and the results are in. What do we hear from our politicians? Austerity. Not just in Europe but American Austerity. Our leaders are whipping the donkey that knows it's about to go over a fiscal cliff.
Yet Americans are very generous, to a fault. And the fault often is they get their heartstrings pulled to donate to charities who say they are taking care of people in need. However, people need to get some awareness about the world of the non-profits. Not all are managed well. I have done quite a bit of volunteer work and unfortunately have seen the dark side of charity. One important thing people should do is investigate the charities they give to. An important consideration is to see how much “pennies on the dollar” or by percentage, how much fundage goes to the client population, the people on the posters. One way to check is with the office of your state's Attorney General department. They have information of how much is being donated and how much goes to the needy.
Fortunately, this is not the norm, but one horror story I can share illustrates where some can take advantage. I volunteered for an organization where the director was an alcoholic and regularly asked for donations of wine for fundraising events but always requested an overage and then CHARGED for glasses of wine at the event, thereby assuring that there was extra left over, that she took home for herself and gave to friends. Yikes! But it happens. The usual situation is that most charities are underfunded and overwhelmed. Mistakes and misunderstandings, stress and strain is common, burnout common and organizational strain complying to the ever-increasing demands of a state that would rather lean on charities instead of managing the economy properly and fairly.
The truth is, nobody really wants to be on the receiving end of charity if they can help it. It's humiliating for most people. I've used those services myself, especially when I had kids, just to survive. Also, I have walked others through the process of getting help, from getting food stamps , applying for disability benefits, taking them to the food or clothing bank for the first time. It's not a fun situation, in the case of the food banks, I have had to help people with special dietary needs and so they are limited in what is there to take home because instead of being able to choose what they need from a store, they have to pick through what was donated and hope for the best. Ditto those going to a clothing bank. Hope it fits! Doesn't smell funny. I have to give kudos to the wonderful organizations that get this “right” and work really hard at it.
But here is the situation, minimum wage and part-time workers are the working poor. They are working, but they are not making enough to make it. They require support EVERY month and now many have done this for years, decades, generations. Month after month, if you go into a store in a moderate to poor neighborhood and right around the first of the month, you will see what are the cheap eats because those with food stamps will have emptied those sections and there will be rectangular holes on the store shelves where the bargains were cleaned out. This is not about how people are trying to survive, but how we have an economic system that has been systemically weak for a very long time.
There are whole levels of our economy, organizations, and corporations that benefit by there being a poverty class. For example, banks by being the issuers of food cards are getting a kickback on each transaction. Almost all states could make the choice to create their own banks for dealing with state benefit programs like North Dakota has and thereby save money for the state government, but do not. Organizations and individuals that BENEFIT from there being a poor class are not likely to want to change the situation. If we have an industry that benefits from poverty, how are we going to get rid of poverty? I would love it if every person who works for an organization or BANK or business that works for charities would work themselves out of their job because suddenly everybody is doing so well, unless it's the kind of charity for emergencies and setbacks only.
One proposal for abolishing poverty is the Basic Income Guarantee, giving a cash grant to every citizen just like we do with Social Security benefits. Those who benefit from poverty would find themselves out of work. But hey, they still would have a Basic Income Guarantee to live on when they no longer are needed for that kind of work. If you are employed because of poverty, you would want to work yourself out of a job, right? Am I right?
If people still want to help, I think it's wonderful that the B.I.G. is going to unleash a wave of volunteerism like never before. I believe in the philosophy that humans will “get up and do stuff” and freed from drudgery jobs by automation and robotics, supported financially to get the gas to get in the car to go to where one volunteers will mean more people will have the time and ability to volunteer. We will re-define charity in terms of hands-on help instead of dollars and cents.
For more from Karen Christine Patrick, visit her blog.
President Donald Trump will unveil his budget proposals later this week, which is likely to include the cutting of government bureaucrats at levels not seen since the end of the Second World War, according to budget analysts.
The budget, which will be released on Thursday, is expected to drastically decrease the size of government, cutting jobs in sectors such as housing, foreign aid, and environmental protection — and instead prioritizing areas such as the military and homeland security.
According to an analysis conducted by Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, Trump's plans could reduce employment in the capital by 1.8 per cent and average personal income by 3.5 per cent, as well as reducing house prices by 1.9 per cent.
During his presidential campaign, Trump promised to “drain the swamp” of Washington D.C. by eliminating corruption and reforming the federal government.
Trump also promised to introduce a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce the federal workforce through a process of attrition, with the exemption of the military, public safety, and public health.
On Monday, Trump signed an executive order aimed at reducing government waste, telling reporters that the order will lead to a “thorough examination of every executive department and agency” to establish “where money is being wasted [and] how services can be improved.”
In January, House Republicans also voted to reinstate the Holman Rule, which scraps the minimum wage for government workers, meaning they can be paid as little as $1, making it easier to cut federal bureaucracy.
However, the majority of cuts will need to be passed through Congress, with Democrats are already forming opposition to Trump's plans. Former vice-presidential candidate Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA) recently said in an interview that “the notion of bulking up defense but slashing everything else, that's not going to find any votes on the Democratic side.”
Speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in February, Trump's senior advisor Steve Bannon said a key aspect of the administration's agenda would be the “deconstruction of the administrative state.”
“The way the progressive left runs is that if they can't get it passed, they're just going to put it in some sort of regulation in an agency,” he said. “That's all going to be deconstructed.”
The most important two minutes of Steve Bannon's CPAC speech -> pic.twitter.com/NcwbFgNoAL — Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) February 23, 2017
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com
New Delhi: A citizen's group comprising activist Bezwada Wilson, lawyer Dushyant, actor Gul Panag, academic and author Mukul Kesavan, author Nilanjana Roy, scholar S. Irfan Habib, Major General S. Vombetkere (Retd.) and musician T.M. Krishna presented a proposal of a model progressive Uniform Civil Code (UCC) to Justice B.S. Chauhan, chairman of the Law Commission on Wednesday.
The draft covers the areas of marriage, partnership, right to adopt, divorce, custody of child, succession and inheritance, dissolution of the Hindu Undivided Family and the duties of the government. It includes provisions for ‘non-heterosexual marriages', suggesting that any religious or customary bar should not prevent the solemnisation of such a marriage and that the registrar of marriages should be authorised to order police protection for such couples if necessary.
In the section on inheritance, the draft suggests that siblings of a deceased person would be entitled to his/her property only if the deceased person has no parents, spouse or children.
Apart from standardising the criterion for marriage, divorce and adoption irrespective of religion or sexual orientation, the model draft also recommends dissolution of the Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) with regard to the division of property among coparceners with prospective effect.
According to the group, inequities plague the personal laws of all religions, “especially in the context of gender” and unless this “discrimination entrenched in all personal laws” is not done away with, the ideals and principles enshrined in the preamble of the constitution cannot be realised. To this effect, the group has created a draft progressive UCC, which it hopes will help the Law Commission to prepare a just and model code.
In a supporting letter, former attorney general Soli J. Sorabjee, who forwarded the draft code to Justice Chauhan, said. “I want to join those who wish to ensure that any step ahead to bring everyone on the same page must be progressive and enlightened.” Sorabjee added that the Law Commissions recommendations on a UCC should be “far-sighted and progressive.”
Read the full text of the citizens group's draft UCC below:
UCC Cover Note by The Wire on Scribd
Australia knew for weeks about Long Tan concerns, commander says
Updated
The Australian Government was aware for at least a week of Vietnam's concerns about too many visitors to Long Tan, the commander of the unit that fought the battle says.
Key points: Commander of Australian forces at Long Tan says he was told about concerns weeks ago
Julie Bishop says she was only told about concerns two days ago, when the event was cancelled
Small groups made it to cross after waiting up to three hours
The Vietnamese Government cancelled Thursday's memorial service for the 50th anniversary of Vietnam War battle, a move which was described as a shock and a "kick in the guts" by Veterans Affairs Minister Dan Tehan.
But the commander of D Company 6RAR, which fought the battle at Long Tan, told the ABC trouble was brewing weeks ago.
"It was mentioned some weeks ago when I was in Canberra that Hanoi was a bit worried about the number of people expected — like 3,000 — and it was all getting too much, too big, getting out of hand," Harry Smith said.
More than 1,000 Australians travelled to Vietnam to attend the anniversary commemorations, but many missed out on paying their respects at the memorial cross at the former battlefield on Thursday.
An agreement between the two Prime Ministers — struck after the cancellation was announced — to allow access to small groups appeared to falter, with Vietnamese police keeping visitors away.
Some Australians did make it to the cross after waiting in queues for up to three hours and were allowed as little as one minute to pay their respects to Australian soldiers who died there.
Other groups gave up after long waits.
On August 11, the ABC was told by a Vietnamese official at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs that the Long Tan ceremony may be cancelled due to issues between the local government and Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT).
DFAT responded to concerns saying the event would proceed as planned.
Bishop informed of concerns only two days ago
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop denies claims the event was handled poorly by the Australian Government, saying she had spoken with Vietnam's Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Pham Binh Minh at the end of July about the number of Australians intending to visit Long Tan for the anniversary.
Ms Bishop said she was not informed of concerns about large numbers of visitors until two days ago.
"I spoke with [Foreign Minister Pham Binh Minh] the night before last when we were informed for the first time that the Vietnamese Government intended to cancel the commemorative service," Ms Bishop said.
"They were concerned at the reaction of local people — the sensitivities that the conflict in Vietnam all those years ago still bring to communities in Vietnam."
Ms Bishop said that Vietnam's Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister were at pains to say the relationship between Australia and Vietnam "was in the best shape it has been in for 40 years at least".
"On the issue of commemorations relating to the Vietnam War, it is still a very sensitive topic in Vietnam, particularly among the local communities where some of these battles took place," she said.
"While I explained that our veterans were there to pay tribute to all those who sacrificed their lives in the conflict, the emotion was running very deep, and the Vietnamese Government took the action that, as a sovereign government, they are able to do."
Ms Bishop said both she and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull spoke to their Vietnamese counterparts and were able to achieve a breakthrough that let hundreds of veterans and families attend a service.
"I think it comes down to the sheer scale and size of what was proposed this year," she said.
"But until the Government gave us formal notice, the other night, we had continued to work closely with the Vietnamese Government about how much it meant to Australian veterans to be in Long Tan at this time."
Many Australian tour groups are again trying to visit the cross today.
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, 20th-century, defence-forces, history, vietnam, australia
First posted
Image caption Encryption helps to ensure that credit card transactions stay secure
Encryption makes the modern world go round. Every time you make a mobile phone call, buy something with a credit card in a shop or on the web, or even get cash from an ATM, encryption bestows upon that transaction the confidentiality and security to make it possible.
"If you consider electronic transactions and online payments, all those would not be possible without encryption," said Dr Mark Manulis, a senior lecturer in cryptography at the University of Surrey.
At its simplest encryption is all about transforming intelligible numbers or text, sounds and images into a stream of nonsense.
There are many, many ways to perform that transformation, some straightforward and some very complex. Most involve swapping letters for numbers and use maths to do the transformation. However, no matter which method is used the resulting scrambled data stream should give no hints about how it was encrypted.
During World War II, the Allies scored some notable victories against the Germans because their encryption systems did not sufficiently scramble messages. Rigorous mathematical analysis by Allied code crackers laid bare patterns hidden within the messages and used them to recreate the machine used to encrypt them.
Those codes revolved around the use of secret keys that were shared among those who needed to communicate securely. These are known as symmetric encryption systems and have a weakness in that everyone involved has to possess the same set of secret keys.
In the modern era, a need has arisen to communicate securely with people and organisations we do not know and with whom we cannot easily share secret keys, said Dr Manulis. This need has given rise to public-key cryptography. Despite the formidable name it encapsulates a simple idea.
Image caption Wartime code-cracking machines such as Colossus broke German encryption systems
Essentially, it allows anyone to send a message that only one person (or company or website or gadget) can unlock. It does this using two keys: one public, one private. The public key is used to lock a message. Anyone can get hold of that public key but once a message is locked with it, that message can only be opened with the corresponding private key.
Typically these keys are large numbers and the security of the system depends on the fact that some mathematical operations are easier than others.
For instance, it is far easier to multiply numbers together (public key and plain text message) to get a result than it is to start with that result (the scrambled message) and work backwards. Complicated mathematics guarantees that the right private key will unscramble a message.
Far harder, even for the fastest computer, is starting with that result (the scrambled message) and searching through all the possible combinations of numbers that could produce it.
"Because of the size of the keys is so huge its impossible for an attacker to search through the key space with the resources they usually have," he said. Such "brute force" attacks are pretty much doomed no matter how much computer power attackers bring to bear, he said
Typically the numbers used in these mathematical encryption systems are tens if not hundreds of digits long. This makes it impossible, to all intents and purposes, to search through all potential keys in a reasonable amount of time.
The web and many other modern communication systems employ a hybrid approach, said Dr Manulis, because public key encryption is not very computationally efficient compared to symmetric key encryption.
Image caption Even supercomputers would not break the strongest encryption algorithms
On the web, the relatively slower public key cryptography is used initially to establish a secure connection between you and a website. The symmetric system would be no good for this step because there is no way to securely swap the secret key.
However, with a secure channel in place, the faster symmetric system can be used to share a key and then scramble the data passing back and forth.
On mobiles, a similar system is used and encryption keys are held on a handset's sim card to help keep chatter scrambled.
Vulnerabilities
Attacks on these encryption systems take many forms, said Dr Manulis.
"You do not need to break the communication system if you have some spy software on the end point," he said.
In addition, weaknesses have been found in the software used to encapsulate them on computers and phones.
"The algorithms are mathematically proven," he said, " and if there's any problem then it usually comes in the implementation of the algorithm."
In addition, there have been suggestions that the NSA has subverted the process of creating encryption algorithms, to make them easier for it to break.
Official agencies can also force firms, be they websites or mobile operators, to surrender their private keys so they can eavesdrop on supposedly secure communications.
Some have sought to get make encryption more secure by using a technique known as end-to-end encryption.
This differs from more standard systems which can be vulnerable because their scrambling system is, in software terms, separate from the program used to create a message.
If attackers insert themselves between the message making software and the encryption system at either end of a conversation they will see information before it is scrambled.
End-to-end encryption closes this gap by having the message making software apply the scrambling directly. In addition, many of these systems run a closed network so messages never travel over the public internet and are only decrypted when they reach their intended recipient.
If you're new to this whole ‘web performance' craze, you may have noticed that it can be quite complex.
Should you measure load time? Responsiveness to user inputs? Page-to-page navigation? Do you do this for users in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, or Silicon Valley? Fiber, 4G, loon? On a Moto G4 or an iPhone 7? And which browser — one that supports preload and HTTP/2, or something a little more retro?
Will you measure a user's first ever visit to your site, or a return journey when their cache is nice and primed?
And will you be reporting on the average load time? (Absolutely not. The whole concept of the ‘average' is yet another thing that Newton got wrong.) So maybe you'll report on the median, or perhaps display a histogram of what the users actually experience?
A reasonable person might come the conclusion that this is all a bit hard, and put it on their ‘tomorrow' list.
But it doesn't need to be so complex, as I hope to demonstrate in this post.
Following in some footsteps
Last week, I was deep in a perfyoga session (perfyoga is like normal spandex yoga, except you replace the stretching part with the Chrome DevTools) when it dawned on me: there's another industry that faces exactly this conundrum.
An industry with a need to boil down a complex concept such as ‘performance' into a single metric that can be discussed and compared and tracked over time.
The automotive industry.
There are an endless number of things to take into account when measuring the ‘performance' of a car. If you asked 10 car enthusiasts to define performance you'd probably get 10 different answers, and would be thoroughly bored by the end of the process. Just like you are with this paragraph.
You can measure top speed, acceleration, Nürburgring lap time. With cold tires or warm, half a tank of fuel or full, race driver behind the wheel or Mr Bean (I wonder… when Mr Bean crashed his McLaren, did he have to convince the insurance company he wasn't sitting on the roof in an armchair steering via rope at the time?).
But the car industry wisely realized that if you want to have any sort of discussion and comparison of performance, you need to pick a number and stick to it. For cars, it's the time it takes to go from 0 to 60 mph (or 100 km/h if you're in one of the sensible countries).
So why not follow suit when trying to measure the performance of your web site? Put aside all the complexity, accept that you can't capture everything at once, pick a number, and stick to it.
Multiple meanings of measurement
But I'm not suggesting that the only thing you ever need to measure about a web site's performance is one single number. I'm not some sort of crazy person (despite what the orderlies allege).
Story time: I was watching a video recently, the fellow on stage was talking about ‘speed indexes' when it struck me — like a goose to Fabio's face — that the word ‘measure' is used to refer to a range of different things, that serve vastly different purposes, and perhaps this is where a lot of the apparent complexity comes from.
So I think it's worth picking apart these different meanings — like Fabio picking foie gras out of his golden locks — because this might save you from trying to ‘measure' something in a way that it doesn't need to be measured.
If you ask me (and you kinda did by reading this), ‘measuring performance' can be separated into two things:
A single measurable number that can be used to support a discussion about performance. It can be used to set priorities, and be tracked over time. It is an indicator of overall performance, and does not aim to capture all the nuance of a site's performance. I will call this the “ key performance indicator ”.
”. On the other hand, we need something to help us, the web developers, understand where time is being spent loading our site, in all different conditions, and to guide us when improving performance. It doesn't need to be recorded or reported in any formal way. I will call this the “ad hoc assessment of factors impacting a site's performance with the aim of improving said performance”. Snazzy.
This post is all about the former — hence the title promising simplicity. But with regards to the second one, I'll give you some bullet points and a link at the end.
The key performance indicator
This is your 0–60 mph time. Some characteristics:
It should be simple — a single number.
It should be relevant to your site — to your users.
It should be measured in a consistent manner.
It should be understandable to non-developers.
Let's say, for your KPI, you decide you will measure the time it takes until a user can begin reading the text on your page. Imagine this is 4.2 seconds for your home page.
4.2 seconds should be a number that The Head Honcho knows and cares about, that your marketing team talk about, that the SEO chap cares about. It should be written large on a whiteboard in the office. Everyone should be sad when it gets bigger, and happy when it gets smaller.
And this KPI isn't just an excuse for a party when you break the four-second barrier, it's also a tool to help protect the status quo.
If the advertising team want to add more ads, or the design team wants an 8K background video, you have a solid, objective number you can use to ask a meaty question such as: “are we willing to add 700ms to our load time for an extra $40k of ad revenue per month?”
You might not get the answer you want, but you'll know that you asked the best question you could.
I truly believe that if every company did this, the world wide web would be a faster place.
I also truly believe that we should all Rollerblade everywhere; if everyone does it, no one looks like a dork.
The recent assault on Ahmadiyah followers, for whatever reason, shows that this society has no gratitude towards the minority religious group that, together with other religious and ethnic groups, contributed to the building of this nation. Please keep in mind that a “healthy society” should respect all the elements that have collectively formed and sustained the existence of this country. As understood in social sciences and proven by history, a society is created by diverse elements that are connected to each other. Like a glass, society is a system with a vulnerable structure, easily broken. Like a net, all elements collectively sustain the whole. If one thread is damaged, the whole system is in peril.Some members of Ahmadiyah, three of whom were killed, were stabbed. Their wounds are felt by all Indonesians. The nation is mourning the victims. The grief is now engraved on Indones...
Whenever statistics about inequality and the so-called “control of wealth” get published, the Progressive blogosphere goes wild and their social media statuses light up with indignant calls for concern for the poor in the face of “obvious injustice.” Since few people read beyond the headlines and summary paragraphs, and even fewer seek out alternative analyses of the data, the popular meme of “rich get richer, poor get poorer” pervades our world. It is a sad reality that few people think beyond their emotional responses.
Whether the data conclude a real and disturbing inequality, or whether they are manipulated for the benefit of an ideology, anyone who engages such data and goes beyond the first stage of economic analysis should be applauded. That explains my delight to find an article by Christian Piatt, a regular contributor to Sojourners, who considers that maybe demonizing the rich isn't such a wise idea.
It's … easy to vilify money, or those who have more than us, rather than coming to stark terms with our own relationship with wealth, and to our call by God to reconcile the brokenness in the world around us.
Piatt points out the hypocrisy in the endeavor to demonize the rich (“those who have more than me“) while also making an oft-ignored observation that not all rich folks did Jesus expect to give up their wealth:
But the fact is that most of us don't really believe [that we should give all our wealth away], or else we would have already done it. Or perhaps we just don't want to believe it. Maybe we want to believe it applies to “wealthy” people (translated: everyone who has more than I do), but not to ourselves. It could also be that, for [the rich young ruler], his wealth was where Jesus saw his self-worth, his identity, all wrapped up and intertwined with the world's treasures. In that case, Jesus was trying to free one man from his own self-manufacture prison. But there are plenty of other rich people in the Bible to whom Jesus doesn't offer such a command.
So is it okay to be wealthy? Apparently Piatt exhibits a bit of self-awareness in the fact that he is also wealthy by any historical or whole-world standards. Wealth can indeed be a tool for the kingdom, and he is saying that this applies to the super-wealthy as well. Piatt does well to steer the conversation off the path about the evils of wealth accumulation. That pathway needs to be less traveled, and a new path must be blazed. But Piatt offers no other paths to a greater conversation about the role of wealth in advancing the kingdom. While he mentions that Bill Gates's wealth helped change the world and uses that as a point of reflection, he should have taken a cue from Bono when he said that free enterprise is the cure to poverty.
His pivotal question was this; “What if we need the insanely wealthy to realize a kingdom-inspired vision for our world?” That this was even asked is amazing to me. I would unequivocally respond, “Yes!” We cannot demonize the consumption of goods that make our lives better while simultaneously seeking out those very goods as though they are the solution to the plight of the poor.
The reason we need the wealthy is not because their profits can go to charity. Charity is important, but it is not the source of abundance. Abundance comes from peaceful commerce between individuals in society. The $28 billion that Gates has given since 2007 is quite impressive. More impressive — and more useful in the long run — is the immense value that Gates gave the world through products Microsoft created. The 5.8 million children helped by Gates's charity is not really “giving back to society” so much as it is a giving more on top of the obvious gains to the world.
Yes, the world needs wealthy people, but not because we need their excess. Society can neither “Robin Hood” its way to social justice nor make it there on charity alone (which is why I reject a “private charity only” approach to poverty — more on that in a future post). Free enterprise is the tried and true pathway to economic growth to all, both rich and poor.
(For those of you who know me as a diehard Mac user, yes, I see the irony in my adulation of Gates and Microsoft.)
Ontario: Get ready for June 12 election
Ontario NDP leader Andrea Horwath is pictured in the Ontario Legislature on April 8, 2014. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Frank Gunn
TORONTO - Ontario was plunged into a five-week election campaign Friday after Premier Kathleen Wynne decided it was better to pull the plug than wait for her minority Liberals to be defeated in the legislature on their brand-new budget.
She visited Lt.-Gov. David Onley to ask him to call a June 12 election after the NDP dropped the bombshell that they would join the Progressive Conservatives to shoot down the $130.4-billion spending plan.
Ripping a page from the playbook of her new nemesis Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Wynne painted the decade-old Liberal government as the safe, steady alternative to the "reckless schemes" of the opposition parties.
Voters shouldn't consider veering to the political left or right, she warned, but stick to the balanced Liberal plan for job creation and economic growth that they proposed in Thursday's budget.
Tory Leader Tim Hudak and NDP Leader Andrea Horwath decided to force an election rather than supporting a plan that would see Ontario through its fragile economic recovery, she said.
It would also improve people's lives with a made-in-Ontario pension plan, billions for transit and transportation infrastructure and grants for businesses to create jobs, Wynne said.
"Quite frankly I thought there was a lot in the budget that would recommend itself to both the Tories and the NDP, but she made a different decision," she said. "I think a lot is at risk."
Although the NDP wrung concessions out of the Liberals in the last two budgets, Horwath said she could no longer prop up a government that was plagued by scandal after scandal and couldn't trust the Liberals to keep all their budget promises.
"I cannot in good conscience support a government that people don't trust anymore," said Horwath. "This budget is not a solid plan for the future. It's a mad dash to escape the scandals by promising the moon and the stars."
The controversies kept piling up, from the costly cancellation of two gas plants to the police investigation into the Ornge air ambulance service and potentially unsafe girders that were installed in the Windsor parkway, said Horwath.
"It's one scandal after another, it's continued behaviour from a government that hasn't seen the way to change their path, and so it wasn't only the $1.1-billion (gas plants) scandal itself, but it's the continuous cover up of information," she said.
"The leopard is not changing its spots."
Wynne put on a brave face when asked whether the scandals she's inherited from her predecessor Dalton McGuinty would finally end the Liberals' decade-long rule.
"I will continue to provide the openness that I have brought to this job since I came in just over a year ago," she said.
The dissolution of the legislature scuttles highly anticipated appearances of senior staff in McGuinty's office before a legislative committee looking into the gas plants scandal.
It also means there won't be any finding of contempt against the Liberals for the deletion of emails and wiping of hard drives in the premier's office because the committee is now disbanded.
The premier took several shots at Harper for failing to fund infrastructure to develop the Ring of Fire mineral deposit in northern Ontario, or help improve retirement income for people without a workplace pension plan.
But she reserved most of her vitriol for the NDP and the Tories.
"The NDP make pie-in-the-sky promises but they won't say how they'll pay for them," Wynne said. "So now is not the time for pipe dreams."
The Tories would "roll back the clock" in Ontario by "declaring war" on organized labour and slashing government programs people rely on, she added.
"Their cuts would devastate crucial public services in health and education," she said. "Their cuts would take us along a path towards a low-wage, low-growth economy."
Hudak said he has no qualms about taking his ideas to voters, which include lower corporate taxes and an across-the-board public sector wage freeze.
Horwath is hypocritical for taking so long to defeat the Liberals, which they should have done at least a year ago, he said in Ottawa.
"If you're looking for who's going to be the best actor on the stage, if you're looking for someone who's running a popularity contest by promising funding on all kinds of projects but they don't have the cheques to cash in, well then vote for the Liberal leader or the NDP leader," he said.
"But if you want a turnaround plan to get Ontario working again, look at me, look at my team, look at my plan."
Several large labour groups, including the Unifor and the Ontario Federation of Labour, had urged the NDP to pass the budget and avoid an election, but public sector unions complained the fiscal plan puts jobs at risk.
The Ontario Public Service Employees Union — which has been in a tough labour fight with the Liberals — said they support Horwath's call to go to the polls.
Despite the left-leaning goodies in the budget like the pension plan, the Liberals can't be trusted, said OPSEU president Warren "Smokey" Thomas.
There needs to be an election, even if it runs the risk of producing a right-wing Conservative government that "hates unions" and will tear down the province's public services, he said.
Even though Wynne asked to have the legislature dissolved on Friday, and it won't sit again until after the election, the campaign period doesn't officially begin until next Wednesday.
The CoinThief trojan has been found in cracked versions of many popular Mac OS X applications.
Bitcoin has been opening up all kinds of new and unexplored territory recently. First, there's all the cool ideas of what you can do with a purely electronic currency, and then there's how you can make sure that all that currency is secure. For the latter, we've learned that it's best to avoid using scummy exchanges. Now, according to antivirus maker ESET, bitcoin-stealing malware is hiding inside pirated versions of popular OS X applications like Angry Birds and Pixelmator.
The particular trojan at work here is called CoinThief, which was first noticed earlier this month. At the time, it was hiding inside various bit/litecoin programs on legitimate sites like Download.com. It works by installing a secret browser plugin that swipes your login info to various bitcoin exchanges and wallet sites. ESET has identified the trojan in at least four popular pirated programs. Besides Angry Birds, there's also the BBEdit text editor, the Pixelmator graphics editor, and the Delicious Library cataloging tool.
Apple's already updated OS X's anti-malware program to combat it, but Mac bitcoin users might want to take the step of installing an extra antivirus for the time being. That said, if you get your bitcoin cache stolen for pirating Angry Birds, you likely had it coming.
Source: ESET
Pro-choice outpolls pro-life for first time in 7 years
For the first time in seven years, Americans who are “pro-choice” hold a statistically significant lead over Americans who are “pro-life.”
According to a new Gallup poll, 50 percent of Americans now call themselves pro-choice, including 54 percent of women and 46 percent of men. Only 44 percent of respondents labeled themselves pro-life, the lowest response in more than five years.
Story Continued Below
The last time pro-choice respondents held this large of a lead was 2008. In 2006, at one point, Gallup found pro-choice leading pro-life by an even larger ten percentage points, but at one point in 2012, Gallup found that pro-life respondents outweighed pro-choice respondents by 9 percentage points.
This lead evaporated entirely within six months and the difference between the sides returned to being within the margin of error. For the past five years or so, the two sides have been locked in more or less a statistical dead heat.
Now, forty-two percent of respondents said that abortions should be legal in either “most circumstances” or “under any circumstances,” while only 19 percent said that abortions should be illegal “in all circumstances.” A plurality, 36 percent, said the procedure should be legal “in only a few circumstances.”
More than half of respondents ages 55 and younger called themselves pro-choice, while only 47 percent of those 55 and older used the label.
The poll was conducted from May 6-10 among 1024 adults over cell phone and landlines. The margin of error is plus or minus 4 percentage points.
The recall process is fairly unusual in Wisconsin, current avalanche thereof notwithstanding. And like the snowflakes that make up the avalanche, apparently no two of them are exactly alike.
My assumption, sitting here in the northeastern corner of Milwaukee County, was that the Walker recall would have more or less the same dynamic and same level of intensity in terms of locally deployed manpower as the Alberta Darling recall of last summer did. In other words, there's no real need to seek out someone with a petition to be signed; they'll just fall out of the sky like snowflakes, to extend the snow metaphor to an absurd length.
Anyway, there's no snow in Milwaukee yet, which is unusual, and there were no people around gathering signatures either, which I thought was puzzling. So a month into the recall effort, despite the fact that my loathing of Scott Walker is as intense as anyone's, I hadn't signed the petition. Neither had my wife, who is as unethusiastic about Scott Walker as I am.
Finally, it dawned on me that I'd have to just go and seek out a spot where they're collecting signatures, so I don't have to keep apologizing in this forum for being a slacker. They're not doing door to door yet, although they may do so at some point. The personnel deployed to gather the signatures is statewide, and not concentrated in my little state senate district as was the case last time. Signing the petition required a little initiative, and finally I managed to get up and out of the house to find a place to sign. The maps on the state party website were a little confusing and the info there was a tad vague, but I finally, just today, just before the Packers game, managed to do the right thing and sign the petition to recall the fascist bastard and our Palin wanna-be lieutenant governor.
Still with me, Milwaukee County residents or people who live in the nearby 'burbs? Anyway, here's where to go, according the flyer they handed me at the local recall office.
Greendale: 8421 Midland Dr, Monday-Sunday, 10am to 8pm
North Shore: 6807 N Green Bay Rd, weekdays 9am to 9pm, weekends 10am to 7pm
Northwest: 7984 W Appleton Ave, weekdays 9am to 9pm, weekends 10am to 7pm
East Side: 2604 N Booth, weekdays 10am to 2pm and 6pm to 8pm, weekends 10am to 7pm, but not during Packers games. (Booth is between Holton and Humboldt in Riverwest)
South Side: 1027 S 5th, weekdays 9am to 9pm, weekends 8am to 6pm
West Allis: 1370 S 74th, every day 9am to 9pm
Simple. It all is right there for you, in case you've been as confused, overmatched, and clueless as I was. Until today, when I finally got it done.
Your turn, fellow Milwaukeeans. Get out there and use a pen to metaphorically poke Scott Walker in the eye, and send a message to every other wingnut that Wisconsin may screw up on election day every once in awhile, but we're not afraid to correct our most egregious mistakes. It's us and our clipboards and Bics versus the Koch Brothers and their truckloads of Benjamins. Let's get it done.
Nearly 28 years after the worst nuclear accident in history, several bird species are doing the seemingly impossible: flourishing inside the radioactive Chernobyl Exclusion Zone in Ukraine. Due to lingering radiation from the 1986 meltdown of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, humans aren't allowed to live there—but the region has become an accidental ecological testing ground for scientists interested in studying the effects of radiation on wild animals. Ionizing radiation damages living cells by producing free radicals, leading to genetic damage and, eventually, death. An animal's only hope is to neutralize those free radicals by upping its production of antioxidants. And that's exactly what most birds in Chernobyl seem to be doing—with even better results than scientists expected. A team of ecologists used nets to capture 152 birds from 16 species inside and around the 2600-square-kilometer exclusion zone. After assessing the birds' antioxidant levels, amount of DNA damage, and body condition, the researchers were surprised to find that most of the birds, like the hawfinch pictured above, seemed to benefit from the chronic exposure to radiation. Birds found in areas with higher radiation levels had more antioxidants and better overall body condition, the team reports online this week in Functional Ecology. This is the first known example of wild animals adapting to chronic radiation exposure, the researchers say. The only two bird species negatively affected by the radiation—the great tit (Parus major) and barn swallow (Hirundo rustica)—both produce large amounts of pinkish pheomelanin pigment in their feathers. Because pheomelanin production requires lots of antioxidants, the researchers suspect these birds may not have enough left over to fight off the free radicals. In Chernobyl, it seems that fancy feathers come at a high price.
See more ScienceShots.
The eagle feather law provides many exceptions to federal wildlife laws regarding eagles and other migratory birds to enable Native Americans to continue their traditional spiritual and cultural practices.
Under the current language of the eagle feather law, individuals of certifiable American Indian ancestry enrolled in a federally recognized tribe are legally authorized to obtain eagle feathers. Unauthorized persons found with an eagle or its parts in their possession can be fined up to $250,000.[1]
Criteria of ownership [ edit ]
The eagle feather law has incited ongoing debate about the criteria for ownership and possession of eagles and eagle parts. Debates have centered on the differences between enrollment in a federally recognized American Indian tribe, vs a racial, ethnic or self-identified concept of Indigeneity. Some arguments have centered on non-Natives being opposed to Natives having access to anything that all Americans cannot have.
Defenders of the law have argued it is the only legal protection of American Indian spirituality[2] and that because eagle supplies are limited, increasing the number of people who can have eagle parts may make feathers more scarce as well as endanger the lives of too many migratory birds (including threatened or endangered species).
Arguments in favor of amending the law (notably by supporters of Religious Freedom with Raptors, an organization dedicated to changing the eagle feather law) have been made on the grounds that it imposes "racial preferences" for American Indians[3] and that the requirement of tribal enrollment to possess eagles undermines tribal sovereignty rights to fully welcome and include non-Natives in tribal customs involving eagle feathers. It is also argued that eagle permit certification restrictions based on enrollment status impede people with Indian ancestry but who may be unable to prove their ancestry, from exploring their heritage.[4][5] Religious Freedom with Raptors also advocate removing enrollment requirements from 50 CFR 22, stating that enrollment requirements are a racial bias, and that such action would enable all U.S. citizens to apply for eagles or parts from the National Eagle Repository (overseen by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service), it would extend the ability of government-regulated programs and agencies to protect raptors by decreasing the profitability of raptor poaching and trafficking.[6]
See also [ edit ]
Muhammad: The Last Prophet Promotional film poster Directed by Richard Rich Produced by Terry L. Noss
Thomas J. Tobin
Mowafak El-Harthy Written by Brian Nissen Starring Eli Allem
Nicholas Kadi Narrated by Brian Nissen Music by William Kidd Edited by Joe Campana Production
company RichCrest Animation Studios Distributed by Fine Media Group
Badr International Release date November 8, 2002 ( ) (Turkey)
(Turkey) November 14, 2004 ( ) (United States)
(United States)
Running time 95 minutes Country United States Language English
Arabic
Muhammad: The Last Prophet is a 2002 animated film and quranic epic[1] produced by Badr International and directed by Richard Rich. The movie was released in limited cinemas in the United States and the United Kingdom. The film focuses on the early days of Islam and Muhammad.
In accordance with Islamic law and tradition, Muhammad and the first four caliphs (Abu Bakr, Umar, Uthman, and Ali) are not depicted in the film or any of its prequels. Scenes that include Muhammad are shown from his perspective, with his words paraphrased by the narrator. The film has been approved by the Council of Al-Azhar Al-Shareef (Islamic Research Academy in Egypt) and the Supreme Islamic Shiite Council of Lebanon.
Some characters, such as the main character Malek and the rest of his family, are fictional.
Plot [ edit ]
The film follows Muhammad's first years as a prophet starting with Islam's beginnings in Mecca in which the Muslims are persecuted, the exodus to Medina, and ending with the Muslims' triumphant return to Mecca. A number of crucial events, such as the Battle of Badr, the Battle of Uhud, the Battle of the Trench, and the Conquest of Mecca are depicted.
Cast [ edit ]
List of cast members and characters of this film, as well as the prequels:
Fictional characters [ edit ]
Brian Nissen as Malek
Catherine Lavin as Arwa
Tiffany Johnson as Siham
Mark Hunt as Jahm
Catherine Lavin as Jalilah
Lauren Shaffel as Huda
Anthony Micheal Jr. as Hadi
D. Hunter White as Amahl
Historical figures [ edit ]
Prequels [ edit ]
Three prequels were released in 2012, all directed by Rich:
Before the Light (relating to events in Arabia before the birth of Muhammad, with his grandfather, Abdul-Muttalib, as the main character) in 24 July 2012 [2]
(relating to events in Arabia before the birth of Muhammad, with his grandfather, Abdul-Muttalib, as the main character) in 24 July 2012 Salman the Persian (the story of Salman's quest for religious enlightenment) in 24 July 2012 [3]
(the story of Salman's quest for religious enlightenment) in 24 July 2012 Great Women of Islam (pertaining to the roles of women in Arabia before and after the birth of Islam) in 24 July 2012[4]
Reception [ edit ]
Review aggregator Metacritic has estimated an average score of 47 out of 100, based on the reviews of four critics.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
Nintendo has announced that Japan will be the lucky recipients of some great Super Smash Bros. gear.
First up Nintendo has re-confirmed the release date for the Super Smash Bros. New 3DS limited edition. While here in Australia just got a boring old 3DS XL, the Japanese get this new and shiny thing.
Next up on the list of things you can't have is these Nintendo 3DS Home Menu themes. These though we might actually end up getting eventually.
Next is a white version of the GameCube Controller. We get the black instead. And finally back to the Nintendo 3DS now and something you can actually use. These cover plates will launch on the 8th of November. Nintendo hasn't figured out how to region lock plastic yet so import these if you want them on your own New 3DS here in Australia.
In a cost-cutting move designed to help save the hospital from closure, Saint Vincent Catholic Medical Centers will lay off 32 doctors at the end of the month. The money-losing St. Vincent's Hospital also has asked its largest union, 1199 SEIU United Healthcare Workers East, to consider taking a temporary 15% wage cut. The salary concession, which would last for 120 days starting next week, would affect the union's 1,500 workers at the hospital.
The 32 staff doctors are represented by the Committee of Interns and Residents union, which covers some 350 workers at Saint Vincent's. The doctors are in the ophthalmology, pathology and neurology departments, and a CIR SEIU spokesman suggested that those units may be shut down if there are no house doctors to attend to patients.
For 1199 SEIU, the request for wage concessions is controversial. The union is covered under the collective bargaining contract of the League of Voluntary Hospitals and Homes of New York. The current League contract already calls for no wage increases in either 2009 or 2010. The union's leadership and its legal advisers are considering the request. But their decision will be difficult to make, because they are being asked to make a big concession without knowing what the payback will be for its workers. In fact, there is little clarity on whether the hospital will close and those jobs will be lost anyway.
Meanwhile, St. Vincent's announced last week that it had hired a chief restructuring officer from accounting and consulting firm Grant Thornton to advise it on restructuring. The new CRO, Mark Toney, is national managing partner of Grant Thornton's corporate advisory and restructuring services practice. He reports directly to the board and is being paid $125,000 a month under a nine-month contract. Mr. Toney's Grant Thornton team is being paid on an hourly basis, which will amount to another huge consulting bill for St. Vincent's.
The CRO is negotiating with the hospital's lenders and state officials to line up enough funding to keep the hospital afloat while it explores options, including closure and bankruptcy. The hospital is drawing up a closure plan in case all other options fail.
St. Vincent's hiring of a chief restructuring officer came only after creditor GE Capital had prodded the hospital's board for six months. GE Capital holds about $300 million of the hospital's debt. St. Vincent's was struggling to repay that debt and trim operating losses. In fact, the hospital has been in default of its GE loan since early summer.
While GE would have been within its legal rights to foreclose on the mortgage, it instead made two unheeded requests to the board for the hospital to hire a CRO over the past six months.
By December, with St. Vincent's losses still mounting, it became clear the hospital was in danger of not being able to meet payroll. The board finally agreed to hire a CRO only in January, when St. Vincent's condition had become critical.
In a joint statement, the hospital and its lenders said they were “united in our focus on one thing and one thing only: figuring out the best way to solve the hospital's problems and continuing to provide quality health care on the West side of Manhattan.
Responding to rumor, innuendo and half-truths about our past internal discussions is a waste of time when there is so much at stake for the future.”
GE Capital, which declined to comment separately on these matters, has lent the hospital even more money in recent weeks to keep it alive.
On Thursday morning, I read a Page 1 article in The Baltimore Sun that featured Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake saying how sad she was about the “state of our community.” She was referring to the shocking run of 29 shootings and 10 deaths in a six-day span in Baltimore. The article also included quotes from Police Commissioner Anthony W. Batts saying the department's initial “messaging” about the crimes had been “terrible.”
I don't cover crime, but I do cover messaging. That's what happens in media.
And once I stopped seething about what was happening to the city in which I live, I started to wonder how the TV stations on my beat were covering a City Hall administration that was so concerned about messaging in the aftermath of these shootings. One of its first responses to the mayhem was to reassign police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi, who had said last weekend that the city was satisfied with its response to crime. Wrong narrative.
The narrative of Rawlings-Blake this summer might also be not such a good one if you are one of the citizens looking for a little help from City Hall in trying to stay alive on our streets. The mayor has been to Las Vegas twice on the city's tab: once to officiate at a very high-powered lobbyist's wedding while at a real estate convention and once to attend the U.S. Conference of Mayors. She also spent time at the Delaware beach house of the lobbyist whose marriage she officiated, Lisa Harris Jones.
Of course, I had seen some TV coverage of crime and City Hall this summer. But I wanted to give each station the chance to identify what it thought was its best work and then talk to the reporters and news executives about the challenges of covering that story within the deeper context of local government considered by some to be anything but open.
I asked the four TV news operations in Baltimore last week for links to what they considered their toughest stories on City Hall.
A spokesman for WJZ said he and the station's news director were out of town, so they couldn't supply such links right away. Last-place WMAR didn't respond.
WJZ and WMAR are the stations that have done the least aggressive and thorough reporting on City Hall, at least by my reckoning.
WBAL and WBFF offered several examples of their work.
“We're the ones that raised the issue of the mayor spending Memorial Day weekend at the beach house of Harris Jones,” said Jayne Miller, WBAL's veteran investigative reporter. “And she [Rawlings-Blake] is not an easily accessible public official at all.”
Miller says the beach house story “essentially became everybody's story,” because the only opportunity she had to question the mayor about the use of the vacation home came at a briefing with other reporters present.
“There's a lot of frustration among those of us who cover City Hall regularly,” Miller said, chronicling what she described as a “lack of open meetings and lack of access to information, material and documentation that should be readily available.”
“I'll give you an example that really frustrated me, and it's about the beach house story. Their response was, ‘I paid. I paid $400,' “ Miller says, referring to the mayor's saying, in response to Miller's questions, that she paid her friend Harris Jones $400 for the use of the house.
“So later that day, I asked for and I got [a copy of] the check,” she continued. “The problem was the check was the front of the check. In order to know when it was signed and when and if it was processed, you have to have the back of the check. And I asked the next day, and the next day and the next day … and I never got it. Still don't have it. And that's just a small example of how difficult it is.
Michelle Butt, news director at WBAL-TV, says “holding government accountable” is one of the station's top priorities. The Rawlings-Blake administration can limit access to the mayor or withhold documents all it wants — that won't stop her newsroom from doing its job.
“They underestimate what we are able to do without them,” Butt says. “And they underestimate the fact that so many people are willing to help us do our job in holding them accountable. It takes a village to do our jobs, and Jayne's got plenty of villagers.”
“The mayor's administration has responded to each and every Public Information Act request it has ever received from WBAL-TV in full accordance with state law,” spokesman Ryan O'Doherty said. “And I'll just say personally I have a tremendous amount of respect for Jayne Miller and I try to be as responsive as I can in all of her inquiries.”
O'Doherty also pointed to a report in January by the Maryland PIRG Foundation, which self-identifies as a consumer advocate organization, that gave Baltimore a B+ in transparency. The grades were based on the ability of city residents to be able to track budgets, contracting grants and requests for quality-of-life services on a city's website.
As to the narrative of Rawlings-Blake being at the beach or in Las Vegas in this bloody Baltimore summer, O'Doherty pointed out that the mayor “didn't pick the location” in which the U.S. Conference of Mayors would be held.
Furthermore, he says, while the mayor was at the conference, “She talked about the issue of gun violence with her fellow mayors.”
Mike Tomko, news director at Fox 45, says his station is also committed to what he terms “accountability journalism.”
“You look at how tight the economy is now, and yet everywhere you turn, the government is asking for more and more money from its citizens, whether it's the gas tax or the increased water rates,” Tomko said.
“And when you look at that, you also look at the fact that they're taking trips to Las Vegas or the school district is spending grant money on things that are not directly associated with education. And there's a real frustration out there with the public. And so, we are committed to exposing that and holding government officials accountable whenever we can,” he said.
Examples include a report on a misuse of school funds and a follow-up interview with departing Baltimore City Schools CEO Andrés Alonso. I wrote about that in May.
11 of 11
Professional record: 55-11-3 (21 KOs)
While he emigrated to Canada when he was just three years old, Jimmy McLarnin was born in Hillsborough, County Down.
Baby Face would go on to become a two-time welterweight champion and would complete a rarity in the sport of boxing—he retired on a winning note and was never tempted into making a return.
Having lost at lightweight to Sammy Mandell in 1928, McLarnin claimed a world title five years later when he stopped Young Corbett III inside a round.
He then became involved in a trilogy of bouts with Barney Ross, losing two out of three against the American. On each occasion, however, the pair went the full 15 rounds.
In writing the fighter's obituary following his death at the age of 96, Mike Lewis of the Guardian said: "McLarnin carried awesome power in both fists and his right was particularly feared. Like most big punchers, he suffered hand injuries and became more of a boxer in the latter part of his career."
So, why is McLarnin at the top of the Irish rankings? Because he's the third best welterweight of all time, according to BoxRec. Only Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Henry Armstrong are above him.
The boy born near Belfast was a shining star who beat 13 world champions and is a member of the International Boxing Hall of Fame. His CV is good enough to earn him first place on the list.
Do you agree with our rankings? Should someone else have been considered for a place in the top 10? Feel free to have your say via the comments section.
All records used in the slideshow are from BoxRec.
Your dog, it seems, is perfectly capable of knowing what's going on inside your head: They can pick up on when you're being a jerk, and when you don't have all the info you need to make good choices, and when you're being too dumb to give helpful advice.
But what do they do with all that information? Depending on the situation, they might judge you, or help you out, or ignore you completely. Or they might just step their paws into your shoes and feel what you're feeling. In a study published earlier this week in the journal Animal Cognition, a team of animal-behavior researchers found that dogs are just as susceptible to “emotional contagion” — or the idea that we can “catch” the feelings of those around us — with humans as they are with members of their own species.
Led by Annika Huber, a researcher at the University of Vienna's Clever Dog Lab, the authors recruited 53 dogs for the study, noting their canine subjects' behavior as they listened to recordings of positive and negative sounds from both other dogs (playful barks, sad whines) and humans (laughing, crying), as well as emotionally neutral background sounds like rain and crickets. Their observations fell into three main categories: First, the dogs reacted differently to emotional sounds than they did to the neutral ones, approaching the speaker in the room or looking at their owner more frequently when the noise was happy or sad. Second, they also seemed to be able to distinguish between sad and happy sounds. And third, the dogs tended to behave the same way in response to the sound of a given emotion regardless of whether it was canine or human.
Taken together, the study authors argued, these three findings make a convincing case for dogs' susceptibility to emotional contagion. It's a pretty jargony name for a finding that's so warm and fuzzy: Your dog loves snacks and belly rubs, sure, but they also love you enough to feel what you feel.
Jim Shella - INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) -- The Indiana Democratic primary is still more than two months away, but some supporters of Bernie Sanders are already on the attack.
They're using email to attack Hillary Clinton supporters.
Indiana will have 92 delegates at the Democratic National Convention. Eighty-three of them will be chosen in the May primary and they must support the winner.
Nine of them are superdelegates who are free to support either candidate. They include Cordelia Lewis-Burks, who plans to support Hillary Clinton.
"You and the rest of the superdelegates are making a huge mistake," Lewis-Burks reads from an email sent to her by a Bernie Sanders supporter.
She's received more than a dozen such emails in recent days. The messages are personal.
"Well, I've been called some terrible names and derogatory names as far as race is concerned," said Lewis-Burks, who is African American.
The Sanders supporters who are sending the emails believe their candidate could win a majority of primary votes and yet lose the Democratic nomination because of the superdelegates.
Lewis-Burks shared some of the more mild messages. "I am appalled that you think you can ignore the will of the people," says one.
"You might as well be a Republican," said another. "And, yes, that is an insult," Lewis-Burks added.
"You have been bought and sold by the Democratic Party just like Hillary has been," another email reads.
Another suggests that voting for Clinton is "throwing your vote away."
Lewis-Burks, who is vice chair of the Indiana Democratic Party, says she stopped responding to the attacking emails.
"There is a way to win friends and influence people and this is certainly not the way," she said.
Some of them are coming from Indiana voters, but most are coming from outside the state.
Lewis-Burks does not believe the Sanders campaign is behind the emails.
A majority of superdelegates, both here and around the country, are committed to Hillary Clinton.
Fans visiting New Mexico hoping to immerse themselves in the world of Breaking Bad now have a new souvenir to take home, before slowly destroying that home: genuine blue methamphetamine, the sale of which federal agents say is currently on the rise in region. Imitation versions of Heisenberg's signature Blue Sky have popped up over the years in nearby states like Missouri and Oklahoma. But the recent, rapidly increasing popularity of blue-tinted meth in the home of Breaking Bad has local authorities worried that it's specifically being cooked up to advertise to new users who might be lured into trying it by the show's cultural “cachet,” as so many decisions about dangerous lifestyles and narcotics are often made according to the prestige of its related pop culture. For example, Baltimore is overrun by crime and heroin, both of which were prominently featured on The Wire.
However, for those who might be intrigued to try the blue meth, based on Breaking Bad's sexy, alluring depiction of desperate dealers and users who were always trying to kill each other, agents warn that the blue color of this particular strain isn't the mark of purity it was on the show. Rather it's been cut with a coloring additive that they say “makes people sick.” So, probably best to stick with the normal meth then, even if it hasn't been on an awesome TV show.
As soon as Oregon voters said yes to marijuana legalization last year, High Times announced it would host a Cannabis Cup in Portland.
But those plans have hit a snag, prompting the publication to delay the event until September, said publisher Mary McEvoy.
The issue: the Oregon Liquor Control Commission won't allow cannabis consumption at venues that hold liquor licenses. The policy, which the agency spelled out in a recent letter to all liquor license holders in the state, means bars, restaurants and any other venue authorized to serve alcohol can't allow marijuana consumption in their establishments.
"We have made the decision that any place with a liquor license is public and there is no consumption of marijuana at public places so allowing people to consume marijuana at a place that has a liquor license puts the liquor license in jeopardy," said Tom Towslee, a spokesman for the liquor control commission.
Establishments that violate the policy can face administrative sanctions, according to the July 3 letter the agency sent to license holders.
"They are going to have to make a choice between allowing someone to smoke marijuana on their premises and how great they value their liquor license," said Towslee.
The debate over allowing people to consume cannabis in commercial establishments is playing out in Denver, where activists are advocating for a voter initiative that would allow limited pot use in places where it's currently not allowed, including bars and clubs.
Mason Tvert, a spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project, a group that pushed for Colorado's marijuana legalization law, told The Denver Post recently that the proposed initiative would allow cannabis consumption by people 21 and older "in designated areas and venues where only adults are allowed."
"This is allowing adults to have the option to use marijuana in certain venues that choose to allow it," he told the Post.
McEvoy said High Times has reached out to at least two dozen Portland venues for its Cannabis Cup, a celebration of all-things-pot. All of the establishments they've contacted hold liquor licenses.
What options remain?
"Open fields basically at this point," McEvoy said. "That is what it's come down to."
She said the magazine needs about 150,000 feet of space, including a mix of indoor and outdoor areas. She doesn't know how many people would end up attending, but added that High Times has gotten lots of calls from Oregonians wondering about the event.
"It's legal now so people can come from far and wide," she said. "We just want to make sure we have enough space."
High Times began hosting Cannabis Cup events in 2010 in California. This year, the company plans to hold eight of them. The Denver event, held on April 20, drew 50,000 people.
McEvoy said High Times is determined to pin down an Oregon location.
"It's really a group of like-minded people that are coming together to share -- we really believe this -- to share cannabis in a legal, open forum," she said. "We are excited to share that in one the newest legal states.
"We want to celebrate what the really smart people in Oregon did" by legalizing marijuana, she said. "That's why we are going to find something."
-- Noelle Crombie
What Trump has done is not “reset” Washington's relations with China but put them on an entirely new footing.
Beijing today lodged a formal protest with the U.S. because President-elect Donald Trump, bypassing established diplomatic channels, spoke to Taiwan's Tsai Ing-wen yesterday by telephone.
During the call, each congratulated the other—Tsai captured the presidency in a landslide in mid-January—and both spoke of close relations.
Beijing's initial reactions , issued by China Central Television, the state broadcaster, and the foreign ministry, were mild, as was the protest, but expect tempers in the Chinese capital to flare in coming weeks.
Why? In a few short minutes over the phone, Trump implicitly recognized Taiwan's status as a sovereign state, thereby breaking with decades of settled China policy.
The call, as many have noted is the first known interaction between a U.S. president or president-elect with his Taiwan counterpart since the Carter administration broke diplomatic relations with the island.
Regardless of what Trump and Tsai said to each other, the fact the call took place would be sufficient to upset Beijing's leaders, who view Taiwan as part of their People's Republic of China.
Tsai, on the other hand, believes she heads a state called the Republic of China. Formally, her government takes the position it has sovereignty over all China but, as a practical matter, acts as if it is sovereign over only the main island of Taiwan and scattered islands it in fact administers.
Washington recognizes Beijing as the lawful government of China but in substance maintains the dispute between the two sides is unresolved and insists the resolution of the matter, when it occurs, be peaceful. The Taiwan Relations Act, U.S. legislation passed in 1979, provides for unofficial ties with Taipei and creates limited obligations to protect the island from Beijing. This American posture has continued, with only minor modification, since that time.
Trump, however, seemed to change everything Friday. “During the discussion, they noted the close economic, political, and security ties exists between Taiwan and the United States,” notes the readout of the Trump transition team of the historic conversation . “President-elect Trump also congratulated President Tsai on becoming President of Taiwan earlier this year.”
Beijing will not miss the fact that Trump called Tsai “President,” an implicit recognition she is the head of a state separate and apart from China. And as if to emphasize the point, he labeled her country “Taiwan.”
Tsai rode to victory as the candidate of the Democratic Progressive Party, which wants “Taiwan” recognized as a separate state that does not include the “Mainland,” in other words, China.
About two-thirds of the island's population, in survey after survey, self-identify as “Taiwanese,” in other words, not “Chinese.” Less than five percent call themselves Chinese and not Taiwanese. Beijing is worried that Taiwan, with its growing Taiwanese identity, will formally break away from “China” and declare itself the “Republic of Taiwan.” Tsai has yet to do so, but Trump just did.
And what can make this situation even more explosive? Beijing threatens to use force to absorb Taiwan, and the Communist Party of China primarily bases its legitimacy on its ability to “unify” the “Motherland.”
Significantly, Trump did not inform the White House or State Department beforehand. Nor did he consult what is effectively America's liaison office in Taipei, the American Institute in Taiwan. All of them would have tried to stop him.
But the president-elect did not owe anything to any of them. As Henry Kissinger told Fareed Zakaria after the election , “he has absolutely no baggage.” His policies are his own, and he will write on his blank slate as he sees fit.
As a result, many are now expressing alarm. Chris Murphy, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, in a tweet acknowledged that “consistency is a means, not an end” but suggested Trump's moves, including the call with Tsai, “are major pivots in foreign policy w/out any plan.” “That's how wars start,” the Connecticut Democrat wrote .
Evan Medeiros, former Asia director on the National Security Council, told the Financial Times that Chinese leaders “will see this as a highly provocative action, of historic proportions” and that he is worried “Trump is setting a foundation of enduring mistrust and strategic competition.”
What Trump has done is not “reset” Washington's relations with China but put them on an entirely new footing. Up to now, Beijing has kept the initiative, and American presidents, especially George W. Bush and Obama, have merely reacted, trying to build friendly relations in spite of increasingly bold Chinese moves. The concept was that Washington had to maintain cooperative ties, increasingly considered an end in itself.
Trump, by seemingly not caring about Beijing's reaction, has cut China down to size, telling its autocrats he does not fear them.
Just about everyone assumed the Chinese would create a crisis for Trump in his first months in office, just as they created crises for both George W. Bush—in April 2001 with the detention of the crew of the U.S. Navy EP-3—and his successor—the harassment of the Navy's unarmed reconnaissance vessels, the Impeccable and Victorious, in March and May 2009.
Instead, Trump took the initiative and created a crisis for China's leaders, and he did that more than a month before taking the oath of office.
Therefore, Beijing is bound to find the next months unfamiliar and unsettling.
There is, if you need a metaphor, a rather large bull in the china shop. And, yes, that could be a good thing.
Gordon G. Chang is the author of The Coming Collapse of China . Follow him on Twitter @GordonGChang .
Image Credit : Creative Commons/Flickr.
As previously speculated, the Broadway revival of Stephen Schwartz's Godspell will play its final performance June 24 at the Circle in the Square Theatre. Directed by Daniel Goldstein and currently starring Corbin Bleu as Jesus, the production will have played 30 previews and 264 regular performances at the time of closing.
After a successful five year run at off-Broadway's Cherry Lane Theatre beginning in 1971, Godspell originally transferred to Broadway on June 22, 1976. The show later closed at the Ambassador Theatre after 527 performances. The musical features classic songs including "Day By Day," "By My Side" and "All For the Best."
Featuring choreography by Christopher Gatelli, Godspell also stars Wallace Smith as Judas in addition to Uzo Aduba, Nick Blaemire, Celisse Henderson, Morgan James, Telly Leung, George Salazar, Anna Maria Perez de Tagle and Hannah Elless. Hunter Parrish played Jesus when the show opened last year.
The production was recently awarded the 2012 Broadway.com Audience Choice Award for Favorite Musical Revival.
Where a “boys will be boys” mentality leads you:
It came without warning.
It would start with a howling noise from a senior football player at Sayreville War Memorial High School, and then the locker room lights were abruptly shut off.
In the darkness, a freshman football player would be pinned to the locker-room floor, his arms and feet held down by multiple upperclassmen. Then, the victim would be lifted to his feet while a finger was forced into his rectum. Sometimes, the same finger was then shoved into the freshman player's mouth.
This disturbing hazing within the storied Sayreville football program, as told to NJ Advance Media on Wednesday by the parent of a player in the program, happened almost every day in the locker room this fall, he said.
The White Stripes put on a surprise pre-concert show for fans in St. John's Monday evening, but it could not have been much shorter.
Guitarist Jack White and drummer Meg White took a stage at the George Street bar strip in downtown St. John's, a few hours before playing the final concert on a Canadian tour that took them to every province and territory they had never played before.
But for the secret show at George Street, the White Stripes played just a single note— reportedly a C-sharp— before telling fans they would see them at the scheduled concert.
Buzz had been building around the city for hours about a secret show, which became a hallmark of the group's unorthodox tour across Canada. The two-member band, for instance, played in a Halifax pool hall and on a bridge in Winnipeg.
Shortly before the suppertime show on George Street, fans were told the White Stripes would play just a single note.Hundreds of fans were able to make it to the stage in time to see the briefest of concerts.
The crowd cheered loudly after the Stripes played their one note, took a bow, and left the stage.
The follow-up show, however, pulled out all the stops.
"You can't accuse the White Stripes of phoning it in," said Zach Goudie, who reports on the music scene for CBC Radio in St. John's.
"I don't think you'll hear too many people whining," Goudie said, referring to the brevity of the pre-show. In light of the final concert,"the one-second secret show seems funny, instead of disappointing."
One of the many great design touches in The Last Guardian comes from getting captured by an armored knight. Carved from stone and crackling with electricity, these animated statues try to grab the boy, causing magical runes to float over the screen. The player needs to mash buttons to wriggle free and in doing so, extinguish the runes.
When grabbed, most of the boy's abilities like jumping and crouching are disabled. But L1, which aims the camera at Trico, and R1, which calls Trico to you, still work. As the player hammers on the controller, they call Trico for help. The camera points to their companion, giving a clear visual indicator of how far away Trico is, and if there is something blocking Trico from saving the boy, such as a glass eye.
This system is a safety net for the player, ensuring that Trico will arrive in an emergency, without giving the beast a sixth sense for danger. But it's also because the player and the boy reflexively call to Trico for help that The Last Guardian sells the relationship between player and beast.
1. FC Köln condemns the events, which led to the delay of the match against Arsenal FC on Thursday evening. The club would like to make the following statement.
1. FC Köln is proud that tens of thousands of Colognians wanted to experience the first European FC match in 25 years and made their way to London. The overwhelming majority of our fans have represented the club, the city of Cologne, and German football happily and positively. The London locals and the police shared these feelings on social media leading up to the match.
Due to the enormous demand for tickets, it would have been sensible, not least for security reasons, to allow more than the allocated 5% of stadium capacity to the guest fans. It was apparent that thousands of people from Cologne would seek to avoid the restrictions and get tickets in every way possible. One such way would be through the help of Arsenal supporters, who passed on their tickets to the FC fans. Some as gifts, but some also for horrendous prices. Arsenal FC has described the extent of this second ticket market as “disappointing” and has announced that further clarifications of the circumstances will be evaluated.
Despite 1. FC Köln and Arsenal FC urging fans to purchase tickets only through official channels and not to enter any sections other than the guest section wearing FC merchandise, the situation before the match showed FC fans lining up in various sections to enter the stadium. And also despite the tremendous experience of both the London security forces and Arsenal as a permanent partaker in European football, the organizers were unfortunately not adequately prepared for the task. In our view, the security concept and communication seemed inadequate and the police force too small.
The most important common goal of having the match played on the same evening was achieved by allowing fans with valid tickets to quickly take their seats. This procedure proved to be the correct decision. Finally, the course of the match showed that the mixing of home and away fans did not constitute a safety risk for this match.
1. FC Köln will intensively evaluate and work together with Arsenal FC, the security forces, and the representatives of UEFA to discuss what measures need to be taken to prevent such things, such as the shifted kick off time, in the future.
That said, 1. FC Köln would like to unmistakably make it clear that there is no excuse or justification for the fact that a group of so-called disturbers threatened, insulted, and even attacked stewards and police officers without cause. We distance ourselves from this explicitly. These people are solely responsible for the fact that a football match with a special meaning for an entire region, as well as the courageous effort of our team on the pitch, had to be overshadowed by scenes that had nothing to do with sport and fair play. Although 1. FC Köln is not responsible for the acts of these so-called disturbers, we ask our English hosts to accept our apology.
There is no question that Russia is making a play for natural gas in the Levant basin. Between the overt ambitions of President Vladimir Putin's government, state-owned energy giant Gazprom, and private companies, a concerted effort to establish a strategic commercial edge in the developing Israeli, Lebanese and Cypriot markets is underway. So far, the approach has produced relatively few gains for Russia, but local governments and the companies operating in them must vigilantly monitor and, if needed, seek to curb Moscow's ambitions.
The Levant basin, which according to the U.S. Geological Survey contains an estimated 1.7 billion barrels of recoverable oil and 122 trillion cubic feet of recoverable gas, is an attractive financial and geopolitical prospect for Russia. Some experts estimate Lebanon's natural gas reserves to be worth between $300 billion and $700 billion, while Israel's are valued at $280 billion. Cypriot energy minister Yiorgos Lakkotrypis claims his country's offshore Aphrodite field alone has a gross value of “approximately $50 billion,” and companies are actively exploring for more gas offshore the island.
Furthermore, while Europe is Gazprom's biggest export customer, it is becoming less lucrative. European demand is stagnating, and countries are diversifying their natural gas supplies to reduce dependence on the company notorious for its stranglehold on foreign markets. The European Union, in fact, is set to charge Gazprom with “abusing its dominant position in central and eastern Europe” following an aggressive antitrust investigation, which could result in a fine of up to $15 billion. Europe's increasing inhospitality, in addition to the potential for American liquefied natural gas (LNG) exports and China's campaign to open its growing domestic market to a wide range of international producers, is forcing Gazprom to find new sources of revenue.
Geopolitically, Russia wants to be involved in eastern Mediterranean gas to maintain its interests and protect assets. Lebanese gas could help improve access to markets, because it would likely be processed at an LNG facility in Cyprus and exported from there. Israeli gas has the same potential, and the Supreme Court's decision to uphold the cabinet's allocation of 40 percent of the country's reserves for export means that Russia needs to act now if it wants a piece of the pie.
Russia's interest in Cypriot gas, on the other hand, is more complicated. First, Cyprus has been a tax haven for Russia's oligarchs for several years, in addition to serving as a backdoor to Europe , since “anyone spending a minimum of €300,000 on property is granted permanent residency.” This cash flow is so integral to the Cypriot economy that Russian money “accounted for up to €20 billion of the €35 billion of foreign money in Cypriot banks” at the end of the first trimester of 2013.
Second, Russia uses Cyprus to check Turkey's rising power, particularly its desire to become an energy hub for transporting non-Russian gas to Europe. Cyprus and Russia formed close defense ties in the 1990s, and Moscow rejects Ankara's claim to North Cyprus in the conflict over the island. Ankara and Nicosia have yet to delineate a maritime boundary, so Turkish attempts to explore for gas in offshore areas it claims for North Cyprus could result in fiscal losses for Greek Cyprus, which is trying to use its gas reserves to keep people from taking their foreign money elsewhere. Because “Moscow cannot allow Cyprus to go under without incurring serious domestic losses,” it has gone as far raising the stakes . In 2011, when Turkey threatened to attack Cyprus if it allowed Noble Energy to drill in the disputed Block 12 as per a concession granted by the government in Nicosia, Russia responded by dispatching “an aircraft carrier with fighter planes, and at least one submarine” to the island.
Unfortunately for Russia, its interests in the Levant basin have not proven to be directly proportional to its success. Cyprus, for one, rejected Gazprom's offer to bail out its economy in exchange for gas exploration rights in March. Novatek, Russia's largest independent natural gas producer, was leading a consortium to develop one of the Cypriot blocks with France's Total and Gazprom-owned GPB Global Resources, but those negotiations collapsed in December 2012. The only way left for Russia to get its hands on Cypriot gas is via getting involved in its supply—either through providing expertise in the construction of an Israel-Cyprus pipeline, or buying LNG “from a plant built either in Cyprus, Crete, or Israel.”
While Moscow gained a modest foothold in Lebanon by signing a memorandum of understanding on energy cooperation with Beirut in October, the reach of Russian companies remains unclear. Novatek, majority state-owned oil company Rosneft, and public Lukoil have been prequalified for the first license round, whose exploration blocs will be auctioned on January 10. However, they will be competing against tens of other international companies for the tender, and only as non-operators with a minority stake in the consortium.
As for Israel, a Gazprom delegation discussed partnership options for the country's offshore Leviathan field during talks with local energy players in 2011, and the company allegedly had plans to set up a subsidiary in the country focused on drilling and gas transmission. Gazprom also submitted the highest offer for a 30-percent stake in Leviathan in 2012, but was denied. Finally, in February it signed a letter of intent with the partners in the consortium for the Tamar field to finance an offshore LNG facility and sell the product for 20 years. Meanwhile, the recent confirmation that the Israeli government is talking to Moscow about the development of Israel's natural gas fields does renew cause for Russian optimism in general.
Cyprus, Lebanon, and Israel have so far shown a reluctance to let Russia become too involved in their natural gas sectors. The only operator agreement a Russian company has is with the Tamar consortium, but it is nonbinding and actual plans have not yet materialized. However, this will not deter Russian players from continuing to make moves in the region, and if Levant basin countries are not careful, they may end up getting more than they bargained for.
Allison Good is a freelance writer and analyst currently based in Jerusalem. Follow her on Twitter @Allison_Good1.
Image: Flickr/ Steve Jurvetson . CC BY 2.0.
When helicopters first appeared in our skies in the 1950s, they were touted as the transport of the future; an aircraft which could take off and land in a car park or the roof of a building and fly us high above our traffic-clogged streets.
Congested roads and airways would be a thing of the past, the thinking went. Fleets of helicopters could whisk us safely and efficiently to our destinations. But helicopters proved to have their drawbacks. They are much less fuel-efficient than planes. They are noisy, and vibrations make them uncomfortable to travel in.
In the meantime, fixed-wing aircraft won out. Conventional planes can carry larger loads faster and further than helicopters, and in more comfort for passengers. But they require long runways and therefore, bigger airports.
At London's Heathrow, for instance, a plane uses the runway every 30 seconds or so. Airports like these are bad neighbours; noisy and polluting, and have to be situated some way outside city centres, adding to travel time. And we need more and more of them.
If helicopters can be re-designed, then they might provide an alternative, cutting congestion and opening the skies to us all.
“They could operate at heliports constructed at other transport centres, like train stations or on top of freeways” says Carl Russell, an aerospace engineer at Nasa Ames Research Center.
Full-tilt
Nasa may be best known for space exploration, but its aeronautics division is doing some cutting-edge research into a new generation of air travel. Their mission is to “solve the challenges in the air transportation system: air traffic congestion, safety, and environmental impacts.”
‘Compound aircraft' have been investigated in the past, for direct city-centre-to-city-centre travel, but with little success. In the 1950s, the British-built Fairey Rotodyne was developed as a kind of flying bus. It had a conventional-rotor for vertical flight, and two propellers on stubby wings for horizontal flight.
It showed promise, but development was cut mainly due to politics and cost-cutting. Test flights highlighted a number of engineering challenges, in particular the noise from a jet air system used to power the rotors.
Now Nasa designers are using tilt-rotor technology to design a machine that will carry around 90 passengers and travel 1,000 miles (1,600km).
The Large Civil Tilt Rotor (LCTR) looks like a plane, but with two huge rotors at the end of each wing instead of small propellers. For take-off and landing those rotors are parallel to the ground just as in a helicopter. Then during flight, they swivel forwards to act like huge propellers. “The entire nacelle [the streamlined engine housing] at the wingtip will actually tip forward with the rotors,” says Russell.
Right now it's an engineering concept, and Nasa are doing wind tunnel tests of various components.
The LCTR is designed to work using existing infrastructure. That means it could use airports, but not clog up runways. Short and medium-length trips could be taken on a tilt-rotor, leaving just the long-haul flights using large fixed-wing aircraft.
Need for speed
Another major drawback of helicopters has been their speed, or rather lack of it. Compared to fixed wing aircraft, helicopters are the snails of the sky.
The limit for a conventional helicopter – big rotor on top, small rotor at the back - is somewhere in the region of 170-190 knots (315-350km/h or 185 to 220 mph). The LCTR is designed to fly at 300 knots (555 km/h), which is a significant increase in speed.
“That's why we have to go to these different type of configurations because you're just not going to get it with a conventional design,” says Russell.
But to build an even faster helicopter is going to take another huge leap in engineering.
The way conventional helicopters are built makes it almost impossible for them to fly very fast. Their spinning blades slice through the air and work like the wings of a plane, generating lift. Unlike wings, however, the blades don't provide equal lift on both sides. As a blade on one side moves forward, a blade on the other side is moving backwards. When a helicopter starts to speed up, this difference becomes more serious. Air passing over the blade moving in the same direction as the helicopter travels faster than it does over the opposite blade. It is a problem known as retreating blade stall.
But with radical redesign, helicopters are capable of being speed demons. Sikorsky, a helicopter maker based in Florida, holds the record for the fastest helicopter flight. Its X2 concept flew at over 250 knots (460 km/h) in 2010. The X2 uses two counter-rotating rotors, meaning two rotors stacked on top of each other, spinning in opposite directions. That means there is an equal amount of lift being generated on each side.
Another advantage of the design is that engineers can remove the tail rotor, which is usually needed to stop the helicopter spinning around. That gave them extra room for a propeller at the back.
Steve Weiner, Sikorsky's Director of Engineering Sciences, and was chief engineer on the X2 programme. “The concept has been around since the late 1960s,” he says. It was originally tested on an aircraft called the XH59A. “That aircraft went pretty fast (238 knots/440 km/h) but it vibrated very badly, it was very noisy and it used a lot of fuel. It also needed two pilots to operate it,” he says. “There were enough controls that they had both hands, both feet, and anything else available operating controls!”
Advances in computing and ‘fly-by-wire' flight systems have made the craft much easier to fly, and the proof of the design is in the world speed record. The double rotors mean no retreating blade stall, and a much smoother and quieter ride. Now the team is working on a next generation helicopter incorporating the technology.
It will take 15 years or more before we see these ideas in everyday operation, but the people working on them believe they can give us what we, the passengers, demand; safety, efficiency and comfort. “If you're trying to fly around passengers, they are certainly not going to fly on something that is shaking like crazy and rattling their teeth,” Russell says.
Rebelling against one's upbringing is a standard theme for artists; however, few have taken as dramatic a route to self-discovery as Tyler Glenn. The 32-year-old frontman for rock band Neon Trees was raised a Mormon, a faith he remained dedicated to even after realizing he was gay and coming out in 2014 at the age of 30.
Glenn initially attempted to balance both his LDS and LBGTQ lifestyles, but found himself at a crossroads in late 2015, when the church announced that it would deny baptism to the children of same-sex couples. At this point, the singer, who was additionally struggling with the painful ups and downs of his first public same-sex relationship, began an extraordinary journey of excising his doubts regarding the faith he had so staunchly defended.
The result was his first solo endeavor, Excommunication, which stands on its own for its unparalleled laser eye on Mormon teachings. Glenn pulled no punches with the lyrical matter of the record, upping the ante further with two controversial videos incorporating (and, at times, disparaging) Mormon symbolism. The set additionally bewitches with its infectious, dance-friendly melodies, which groove ironically under Glenn's anguish, anger, and eventual acceptance.
Yahoo Music sat down with Glenn to discuss the process of making Excommunication, his choices in regards to finding a new path, and where he is now with his Mormon family, friends, and fanbase.
YAHOO MUSIC: You came out in 2014 with a resolution to remain Mormon. With all due respect, given the church's history, didn't you realize that this would be a difficult if not untenable path?
TYLER GLENN: I didn't. I didn't. Oddly, when I came out, I was greeted with a lot of respect and — weirdly — I felt embraced by the church. I began speaking publicly to LBGTQ and LDS kids and adults, and there was this weird sort of vibe that I was accepted and it was OK. They started to make public efforts to kind of change some of the verbiage they had used in the past — I think the church was trying to look a little more open. They developed a website called “Mormons and Gays.” So it was sort of very naïve on my part, but there was also this hope that I was helping carve a space for LBGTQ people. I think this record exists because I found out there isn't one.
Your breaking point was when, last year, the church declared it would not recognize the children of same-sex couples. Again, given the church's record regarding gay rights — such things as supporting California's Proposition 8, etc. — why was this the final straw?
The thing for me was, I think I'd fought practically my entire life until I came out at 30 to make Mormonism work. The problem here was I believed it — I believed in all of it. So my whole wiring was that my orientation was something that I could suppress or repair or fix. So I think a lot of it had to do with me and my self-acceptance, and I think opening my worldview a little bit. For me it took the policy leak to examine: “OK, the line is definitely drawn here.” I think at that point I allowed myself to look at all the things I had questions about. I discovered that wow, this is not the true church, they don't speak for God, and in fact, it's just a system to me now that I feel is a bit not for our time. So now I'm extremely, passionately not anti-religious or anti-Mormon, but more passionately looking at what is true and real.
In a past interview you noted that anti-gay sentiment wasn't a big focus of your religious teachings — that it was more scholarly than anything. That probably comes as a surprise to many people who aren't familiar with the religion and might associate it with evangelical-type “hellfire and brimstone” preaching.
It's pretty doctrinally based, yeah. Like gospel-based stuff on Sundays, sure. I think it's recently only been in, like, the last year that I've really keyed into the narratives that the leaders use when they're talking about gay issues. It's very… they don't even acknowledge us as homosexuals. That to me is violent from the get-go, that I'm not even recognized by my nature — it's a thing that I can overcome, an attraction I suffer from. I reject that, I completely reject that.
When you first started conceiving your solo project, what was your initial objective? Did you want to work through your faith crisis? Express rebellion? Educate others?
ADVERTISEMENT
“Depending on whom you ask,” Goldman Sachs is either “really good at what they do,” said Boyd Erman and Tara Perkins in Canada's The Globe and Mail, or “the beneficiary of a giant government conspiracy.” How else to explain the well-connected bank's $3.4 billion quarterly profit? For starters, there's evidence that Goldman is “making money the old fashioned way: it's earning it,” through smart trading and helping to sell government bonds.
“Sure, give Goldman credit” for its big quarterly profit, said Zac Bissonnette in BloggingStocks. But that gain would be “completely wiped out” without the $13 billion gift taxpayers gave Goldman, through AIG, to cover its lousy bets. We should be “absolutely outraged” that all we got in return for our “generosity” was worthless AIG stock.
What's with “all the Goldman haters?” said Ryan Barnes in Seeking Alpha. Goldman Sachs is doing well because for decades it has hired “the smartest, most Machiavellian young people on the planet.” The market has been extremely volatile, and that's when the smartest traders make the most money. Goldman has those traders—how does that make them “intrinsically evil”?
“The geniuses at Goldman screw up like everyone else,” said Charlie Gasparino in The Daily Beast, and without the $10 billion federal bailout, plus the $13 billion from AIG's taxpayer bailout, Goldman would be “toast. Finished. Kaput.” But here's the bigger problem: Goldman's “doozy” of a profit will be from “embracing much of the same risk that nearly led to its demise,” only this time it's gambling with taxpayer dollars.
left) ends a long-established blue line combination that has worked under head coach Zinetula Bilyaletdinov with Ak Bars and the Russian national team. It's feeling like the end of an era in Kazan. The summer departure of veteran defensemen Evgeny Medvedev and Ilya Nikulin ) ends a long-established blue line combination that has worked under head coach Zinetula Bilyaletdinov with Ak Bars and the Russian national team.
Nikulin in particular has been a hugely influential figure – not just for his defensive play but also for his habit of popping up with crucial goals. Fans throughout the KHL will surely recall him as a player to be feared on the power play; the later in the game and the more desperate the situation, the more potent his threat seemed to become.
In Kazan, fans are following Nikulin's bid for an NHL deal with interest: many are still hoping that he might come back ‘home' to Tatarstan if things don't work out across the Atlantic, but Bilyaletdinov himself is looking to the future. “I can understand why players like Medvedev and Nikulin want to try and play in the NHL,” he told Sovietsky Sport during the current pre-season tournament in Nizhny Novgorod. “It's a good league, and it's an honor to play there. I'm sure Ilya [Nikulin] will make the right choice and will get his contract over there.”
That future will also be without Alexander Burmistrov and Kirill Petrov , two young forwards heading to the NHL next season. But it will involve plenty more of Bilyaletdinov's trademark work on special teams: a rigorous, systematic approach to extracting maximum value from the power play was still apparent in Nizhny as Ak Bars downed Salavat Yulaev 5-4 thanks to four power play goals and one short-handed effort.
New faces have arrived: Mattias Sjogren, part of the Swedish squad at the last two World Championships, arrives from Linkopings to beef up the offense. NHL-bound goalie Anders Nilsson is set to be replaced by incoming Finn Jussi Rynnas, back in Europe after failing to establish himself at the Dallas Stars. There's also a new generation of Kazan defensemen emerging.
right), late of Atlant, is another player returning to his hockey ‘birthplace' with hopes of establishing himself as a regular. Eduard Nasybullin is back after a season in the QMJHL with the Oceanics. The 19-year-old is hotly tipped as a star of the future and has the chance to show why now that slots have opened up on the blue line at the Tatneft Arena. Albert Yarullin ), late of Atlant, is another player returning to his hockey ‘birthplace' with hopes of establishing himself as a regular.
Ak Bars' prospects of improving on last year's Gagarin Cup final defeat will hinge on how well Bilyaletdinov and his men can find answers to those questions.
We continue to hear dire warnings about the inherent security risks of the Internet of Things (IoT), and indeed IoT-related incidents are happening. With many companies beginning to capture IoT data from connected devices, a key question is are they doing enough to ensure that data and networks are secure?
If security executives thought they had a lot to handle with the growth of mobile devices and the expanding digital enterprise, the emergence of connected products, corporate assets, vehicles and other “things” is taking security coverage to a whole new level.
A December 2016 study by the Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology (ICIT) — a cybersecurity think tank that acts as a conduit between private sector companies and U.S. federal agencies, points out how vulnerable enterprises are to attacks such as distributed denial of service (DDoS) via IoT.
Cyber criminals are expanding their control over vulnerable IoT devices, which can be used in DDoS-for-Hire services for an array of layered attack methods, the report says.
Meantime, IoT continues to take hold. A survey of nearly 1,000 enterprise IT buyers worldwide conducted by 451 Research from August to October 2016 shows that 71 percent of enterprises are gathering data for IoT initiatives today. Organizations expect to increase their IoT technology investments by 33 percent over next the 12 months, the study says. A huge majority (90 percent) will increase IoT spending over the next 12 months, and 40 percent will raise IoT-related investments by 25 percent to 50 percent compared with 2016.
However, security remains a concern, with half of the respondents citing it as the top impediment to IoT deployments.
“When it comes to IoT and security, I think it's nearly impossible to overstate the need and the critical nature of security readiness,” says Laura DiDio, research director at 451 Research and lead authors of the study.
“In IoT environments where devices, people and applications are interconnected, the attack surface or attack vector is potentially limitless,” DiDio says. “Threats are everywhere. This is a situation where organizations and their IT departments are well served by being a bit paranoid rather than being lax.”
Every IoT application, process and device is vulnerable, DiDio says. “Even the most stringent security mechanisms and measures can be undone by a single careless user who fails to follow the rules and implement security” on various devices, she says.
The largest security threats in IoT are those inherent in the need to interconnect devices, says Ed McNicholas, co-leader of the privacy, data security and information law practice at Sidley Austin LLP, who focuses on IoT as a part of his practice.
When it comes to IoT and security, I think it's nearly impossible to overstate the need and the critical nature of security readiness.
Laura DiDio, research director at 451 Research
“A wide variety of smart technologies are being integrated into an incredible variety of objects by a multitude of companies, often using novel technologies,” McNicholas says. “The drive to push these devices to market quickly, combined with the need for communication with a wide variety of other devices, will result in gaps that can be exploited and which will dramatically increase the attack surface of organizations.”
A number of factors determine just how great the security risk is with any given connected device.
“Obviously those with a bigger attack surface such as internet-facing devices have greater risk,” says Scott Laliberte, managing director and global lead of the security and privacy practice at consulting firm Protiviti.
Another factor is how common the device is. “The greater the adoption of the device, the more likely it is to be targeted by bad guys,” Laliberte says. “The theory is the attackers' efforts will be focused on devices that reap them greater rewards by having greater impact.”
Also, the more complex a device is, the more device functions there are to protect, and the more there is that can go wrong. Finally, high-risk functionality will likely draw interest of people trying to wreak havoc. “The riskier the functionality, the greater the importance that the manufacturer secures the device effectively,” Laliberte says.
Device manufacturers need to make sure security is incorporated into the design and embedded in the product life cycle, Laliberte says. “Design the product to be easy for the consumer to secure,” he says. “Do not rely on them to perform critical activities needed to secure the device. They will likely not do it.”
Ultimately, users of IoT and the product manufacturers “have an obligation to install and create IoT products in ways that maximize usefulness and minimize risk,” Laliberte says. “The use of IoT devices is going to expand rapidly, and without adequate security we have the potential to introduce unknown dangers into our homes, workplaces and communities.”
The overwhelming amount of insecure and unsecured IoT devices worldwide practically ensures that we'll continue to see attacks such as DDoS continue to proliferate worldwide for the foreseeable future, DiDio says.
While much of the focus is on protecting the network perimeter because it's the so-called first line of defense, organizations can't ignore key applications and servers located in the data center. “Another all too common security mistake organizations and IT departments sometimes make is the failure to physically secure devices,” DiDio says.
One of the first things an organization should do as it looks to bolster IoT security is gain a solid understanding of what IoT devices it currently has, as well as those it's planning to deploy.
“Having an inventory of your devices is a fundamental part of asset management,” says Andrew Wild, CISO at QTS, an international provider of data center, managed hosting and cloud services.
“We've also developed a policy that requires a review and approval process for new types of devices that will be attached to the network,” Wild says. “Secondly, the infosec organization is tracking all of the device types on the network to monitor the appropriate vendor vulnerability disclosures and continuing to perform network wide vulnerability scanning to identify and fix vulnerable devices, including IoT devices.”
QTS has many network-enabled sensors and control systems that collect and forward various types of information, from environmental data to power system monitoring.
Devices should be secure by default
Having an IoT security policy and enforcing it strictly is a wise approach, DiDio says. “Organizations can mitigate and decrease the risk to an acceptable level by being proactive,” she says. “That means that in IoT environments security must be built-in from inception. The IoT environment must be secure by design, secure by default, secure in use, secure in transmission and secure at rest.”
Other “must dos” include conducting vulnerability testing to find out where the weak points are in the network and work to shut them down; staying up to date on security fixes and patches; deploying the appropriate security devices and software; training and re-certifying IT staff on the latest security mechanisms and investing in security awareness training; and taking inventory of what's on the network.
Companies using or planning to use the IoT can also work with other organizations to push for security standards for connected objects.
“It took years for the technology community to realize the need to build security protocols into internet communications,” McNicholas says. “Companies can advance their security effectively by attempting to formulate and seek consensus on technical standards that allow for more secure communications.”
A key to developing strong IoT security will be acquiring the needed skills.
Most organizations do not have the internal skill sets that securing IoT devices will require,” Laliberte says. “Securing IoT devices requires a unique mix of hardware, development, network, and embedded security skills. Finding these at all, let alone in one person, is extremely difficult.”
One of the skills most needed to develop better security protocols for IoT is the ability to communicate more effectively about risk, McNicholas says. This communication needs to take place among technologists, attorneys and business leaders.
“Only if the company can speak a common language can robust discussions about risks and rewards take place,” McNicholas says.
Add your comments on our Facebook page.
Logarithmic Maps of the Universe
This website contains figures from "Map of the Universe" e-print, by Gott, Juric et al. The paper has been published in the Astrophysical Journal (Gott et al., 2005, ApJ, 624, 463), and you can also find the manuscript here (note: Figure 8. of the manuscript has been published as an inset poster, and has to be downloaded separately (see below)).
Note to Microsoft Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox users: your browser will automatically shrink the large maps once they're loaded. Click on the shrunk image to bring it back to its full size and be able to scroll it.
To print the map, print out the individual sheets and tape them together to make a wall map. To get the best quality and resolution, use the PostScript versions.
for the week of Dec. 21 - 27. 2003
Copyright © J. Richard Gott and Mario Juric, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006
SANAA (Reuters) - Saudi-led coalition forces announced on Saturday a five-day humanitarian ceasefire would take effect in Yemen starting Sunday evening at the request of exiled president Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
A Saudi soldier stands guard as servicemen on a Saudi military cargo plane prepare to unload aid at the international airport of Yemen's southern port city of Aden July 24, 2015.REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser
A Saudi-led Arab coalition has been bombing the Houthi militia and army forces loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh since March 26, aiming to push them back from southern and central areas and restore the country's exiled government.
News of the ceasefire came after 80 people were killed in an air strike on the central Yemeni city of Taiz earlier Saturday in which at least 150 were injured.
A week-long U.N.-brokered truce in fighting failed earlier this month after Saudi Arabia said it had not been asked by Hadi, in whose name it is acting, to stop its raids. [ID:nL2N0ZT19J]
A letter by Hadi, who fled to Riyadh, to the King of Saudi Arabia on Friday asked for the ceasefire to allow for humanitarian supplies to be delivered to the war-torn country, the state news agency SPA said.
The latest ceasefire announcement states coalition forces will stop all military activities but reserve the right to respond to violations by the Iran-allied Shi'ite Houthis and pro-Saleh forces.
The humanitarian pause will take effect as of 11:59 p.m. local time for five days, the statement said, to allow for the delivery of humanitarian aid.
A statement by the U.N. special envoy Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed said he was on his way to Riyadh for further consultations with president Hadi and other Gulf officials.
AIR STRIKE
The Houthi-controled Saba news agency earlier on Saturday reported the strike on Taiz had killed 55 people but said the casualty figure was expected to rise.
The Saba agency had quoted a local source in Taiz as saying that the bombing early on Saturday morning had targeted the Mokha area inhabited mostly by engineers and workers of a power station and some displaced families.
The frontlines of Yemen's war shifted in favor of the Sunni Muslim Gulf states which support the exiled president earlier this month when, in coordination with forces loyal to Hadi, they managed to drive the Houthis out of the southern port city of Aden and much of the surrounding areas.
Since then warplanes have been landing in Aden airport carrying equipment necessary to help re-open the facility which had been shut down by the fighting. [ID: nL5N1043Z0]
Aden and the other southern provinces have been largely inaccessible to U.N. food aid, and about 13 million people - more than half the population - are thought to be in dire need of food.
In the Red Sea port city of Hodaida, Saba said a bomb that was planted in an oil tanker on its way to some oil facilities was diffused and an investigation of the incident was ongoing.
Facing severe criticism over the implementation of Goods and Services Tax, the government on Friday announced a slew of measures to ease the concerns of traders, exporters and small business while slashing the rates on 27 items of common consumption, including roti, khakra, namkeens, stationery, man-made yarn -- with most of them brought to five per cent category.
Here is the complete list of the changes in the GST slabs:
footnote:
1. Reduction in GST rate against S. No 4 above is subject to following condition:
a) If the supplier of such food preparations produces a certificate from an officer not below the rank of the Deputy Secretary to the Government of India or not below the rank of the Deputy Secretary to the State Government concerned to the effect that such food preparations have been distributed free to the economically weaker sections of the society under a programme duly approved by the Central Government or the State Government concerned, within five months from the date of supply of such goods or within such further period as the jurisdictional Commissioner of Central tax or jurisdictional Commissioner of State tax, as the case maybe, may allow in this regard.
2. For S. No.5 above, the phrase registered brand name means:
a) A brand registered as on 15.05.2017 shall be deemed to be a registered brand for the purposes of levy of 5% GST, irrespective of whether or not such brand is subsequently deregistered.
b) A brand registered as on 15.05.2017 under the Copyright Act, 1957 shall also be treated as a registered brand for the purposes of levy of 5% GST.
c) A brand registered as on 15.05.2017 under any law for the time being in force in any other country shall also be deemed to be a registered brand for the purposes of levy of 5% GST.
3. For S. No. 7 above, the phrase “brand name” is defined as:
“brand name” or “trade name” means a brand name or a trade name, whether registered or not, that is to say, a name or a mark, such as symbol, monogram, label, signature or invented word or writing which is used in relation to such specified goods for the purpose of indicating, or so as to indicate a connection in the course of trade between such specified goods and some person using such name or mark with or without any indication of the identity of that person.
First Published: Oct 07, 2017 00:04 IST
On November 24, 2011, Thanksgiving Day, the University of Texas Longhorns and the Texas A&M Aggies met on the gridiron for the final time. Amid the flurry of conference reshuffling in college football, the Aggies were opting to leave for the SEC, while the Longhorns had reaffirmed their allegiance to the Big 12, thereby putting an end to this annual grudge match for the foreseeable future.
Finger-pointing and recriminations abounded. The University of Texas was a Big 12 bully, hogging conference revenue and arrogantly ignoring the concerns of its peer institutions. Texas A&M was a turncoat and a traitor, destabilizing the conference in a jealous cash grab. But wherever you fell in the debate, this series, which stretched back to 1894 and had spurred on countless bonfires, hexes, brandings, fight songs, as well as 117 games and more than a century's worth of football rivalry, was coming to an end.
The game was a sloppy one, full of mistakes, miscues, and turnovers on both sides. But those early stumbles gave way to a hard-fought, back and forth finish. In the fourth quarter, Texas A&M quarterback Ryan Tannehill threw a touchdown pass that put the Aggies ahead of Texas 25-24. With less than two minutes left in the game, that late score seemed to seal an Aggie victory as the sputtering UT offense took the field. Then, with the clock steadily winding down Texas quarterback Case McCoy capped off a few solid plays by scrambling for twenty-five yards to put the Longhorns in field goal range. As the final seconds ticked away, senior Justin Tucker kicked a forty-yard field goal as time expired to give Texas the victory. It was a fittingly thrilling finish for the last battle between the two venerable rivals.
As a Longhorn-supporter, I was enthused by the outcome of the game, and still feeling aggrieved that the Aggies were fleeing the conference. I took to Facebook, as one does to boast about accomplishments they had nothing to do with, and said, “Don't let the door hit you on the way out, A&M.” Ryan, a friend of mine from high school who had opted for the sunny plains of College Station after graduation, replied, “Plenty of sports to compete in yet! Pleasantly, you are one of few t-shirt fans I know to chime in about tonight's game.”
T-Shirt fans? Ryan obliged me with an explanation. T-Shirt fans are “people without a legitimate rooting interest in the game — people who never attended the institution.” I had never set foot in the student section. I had never come in as a freshman and learned the school's time-honored traditions from the upperclassmen. I had never been part of the campus rabble cheering on their classmates. I had no official affiliation with the University of Texas to speak of, and therefore, I was not to speak.
Ryan had made his point clear. I wasn't a real fan of the Texas Longhorns. I was just some guy in a burnt orange t-shirt.
Pity the plight of the T-Shirt Fan.
Collegiate athletics operate in a strange limbo between the insular and the accessible. They are simultaneously an exclusive, individual source of school pride, as identifiable and treasured as any building, banner, or monument on campus, but also an open invitation to the public at large, to watch, to cheer, and to support as though the school were their own. They are a reason for a campus community to come together and an excuse for television networks to broadcast around the world. They are at once both open and closed — available to all but belonging to few.
Enter the T-Shirt Fan — the poor souls lured in by the excitement and fun of college sports with no team to call their own. Some never made it to college. Some hail from schools whose teams are no more worth talking about than their cafeterias. Some, like me, attended universities who can only boast that their football team has been undefeated since World War II. Whatever the reason, a T-Shirt Fan is a man without a country, come to support an adopted institution.
They're often fans who love the game and simply want a dog in the fight. For all the venom (rightfully) spewed at the BCS, there's an unpredictability to the college football season that is strikingly different from that of the pro game.1 Few sporting events can pack in as much elegant chaos as college basketball packs into March Madness. In both sports, there's an exciting freedom, creativity, and diversity of play that's much harder to achieve amidst the speed and strength at the professional level. What's more, there's also a certain regional connection to these institutions that make college teams feel closer to home than their professional brethren. All these factors come together to create fans of the sport with no team to “legitimately” root for.
These are the fans on the other side of the fence of the inherent contradiction in college athletics. Despite what the NCAA will tell you, big time college sports are essentially a professional endeavor. Sure, the players involved might technically be amateurs,2 but they train like professionals, and face similar expectations. The coaches, training staff, and administrators involved are in much the same boat as their professional peers. Above all else, the sheer amount of money at stake in collegiate sports like football, basketball, and baseball turns these pursuits into professional operations rather than extracurricular activities.
By the same token, college sports receive a commensurate level of national attention, and inspire the same sort of civic pride, local support, and national followings as the pros. So people like me pick a team; the same way an NFL fan in Idaho picks a team; the same way an NBA fan in Arkansas picks a team; the same way an MLB fan in Indiana picks a team. Maybe it's because we have a friend or relative who attended the school in question. Maybe it's because it's just the closest one. Maybe it's simply because some team happens to strike our fancy. However we reach the decision, we pick a team, find the appropriate t-shirt, and cheer.
Despite that fact, I'd like to think I'm not much of a carpet bagger. Both of my parents went to the University of Texas, and brought me up as a Longhorn-booster. So did my my girlfriend, my grandparents, my aunt, and several other good friends who all attended the school and slowly but surely indoctrinated me. I grew up going to Texas Exes events with my parents, learning the history behind Longhorn traditions, and cheering on the athletes in burnt orange. When I tried to use this defense with Ryan, he responded, “Well, you still chose not to attend that university. I am just saying that I think it's unfortunate when people who are not members feel the need to say unsavory things about a rivalry that means so much to the people involved.”
And there it is. “To the people involved.” By attending a school where football had gone out with the Roosevelt administration, I had extricated myself from having the right to comment. Or at the very least, I needed to take a backseat to the real fans — the kind who had true reverence for this rivalry.
I don't mean sound too harsh on Ryan.3 He's at least partially right. I had a wonderful college experience that I would not trade for anything in the world,4 but I would be lying if I said I didn't have a certain wistfulness about not being able to participate in that big time college sports experience. There is a certain connection you build in rooting for your classmates, hunkering down in the student section, and celebrating the big wins on campus. It's something that I am never going to be able to have in the same way that someone like Ryan will, and it's something that will always make me envious of him and those like him.
But in the end, I believe in something of a Lockean Labor Theory of Fandom. Locke argued that private property ownership came from taking a public good and combining it with your personal labor, thereby making it your own. At its core, the theory is about the idea that ownership comes from investing yourself in something, from putting enough of your time and energy into it that it becomes yours. To my mind, the same goes for being a fan.
There's always going to be something admirable about cheering for your hometown team or supporting your alma mater. But that does not invalidate the people who pick a team halfway across the country, or halfway across the world, and follow it with as much fervor and enthusiasm as any other fan. It does not diminish the fans who stick with their support through good times and bad. And it does not make bolstering triumphs, harrowing defeats, or treasured rivalries any less meaningful for those who have so invested.
I traded high-fives when Ricky Williams won the Heisman Trophy. I was scolded for cursing at the television when Major Applewhite was pulled for Chris Simms. I held hands with my family members as we breathlessly watched Vince Young's final scramble to beat USC. I winced when Michael Crabtree put a dagger in the heart of Texas fans everywhere. I cheered when UT made it back to the National Championship game and lamented when Colt McCoy's injury forced them to take on Alabama short-handed. I made it through the five-year skid against OU and basked in the subsequent years of plenty. I've worn burnt orange in enemy territory, driven for miles to find a bar with the Longhorn Network, and watched all four quarters of National Championship games and cupcake games alike.
I may never officially be a part of the University of Texas, but I'd like to think that means I've still earned my fandom, no matter what t-shirt I'm wearing.
Researchers have acquired what may be the first video of the remarkable Bornean tufted ground squirrel (Rheithrosciurus macrotis).
Last year, scientists reported that the species has the fluffiest tail of all mammals. In stark contrast to that cuddly appearance, local folklore has it that the 35-centimeter-long squirrel will attack forest deer and drink their blood. The squirrel is elusive and mysterious with much of its basic biology unknown. Although researchers have caught fleeting glimpses and snapped a few photographs, no videos existed.
The new video comes from an effort to study the ecology of Gunung Palung National Park in the Indonesian province of West Kalimantan. Researchers set up 35 motion-triggered video cameras throughout the reserve's diversity of forest ecosystems. Within the first few weeks, they spotted the squirrel foraging through leaves on the ground. “I was sitting at the bar in Jakarta waiting to come home, looking through the pictures, and this popped up,” says Andrew Marshall, a conservation biologist at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, who works with researchers from the park staff and Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand.
Although the cameras will shoot in color, they switch to infrared in low light, yielding these black-and-white images of the squirrel as it forages in the shady tropical forest. If they get more footage, the team hopes to learn about the ecology of the animal, such as exactly what kind of habitat it prefers and its mating behavior. Future videos, for example, might reveal whether the fluffy tail has any role in attracting mates.
“The video is a good reminder of how little we still know about most species on Borneo and how much we can learn,” says Erik Meijaard, a conservation scientist with Borneo Futures in Jakarta, who is not involved in the work.
The squirrel has one of the most specialized diets in the forest, preferring the rock-hard nuts of the canarium tree—exactly how it manages to gnaw through them is another mystery—so the researchers have set up more cameras around one of the trees that now has fruit.
As for the legend of the animal's vampirelike tendencies, it's possible that the video might capture the animal drinking the blood of a deer, but Marshall thinks it's highly unlikely. “I would be very surprised if it were true.”
(Video credit: U. Michigan/Victoria University/Gunung Palung National Park Bureau)
Michael Simari
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In last summer's Coolest Cars of the 1980s piece, we made sure to leave room for a modest little Dodge hatchback among the F40s and 959s and GNXs. Fettled by a certain Texan with a penchant for chili and victory, the Shelby-fied Omni GLH was America's answer to Volkswagen's GTI, a cult classic from an era of often-desultory American iron. For this year's SEMA show, Dodge has brought back the “Goes Like Hell” badge and slapped it on a Dart.
Michael Simari
FCA's parts-and-accessories division has gone hog-wild with its own line of bits and pieces, fitting an aluminum Hellcat-reminiscent hood and a body kit featuring a front splitter, rear diffuser, and side skirts. Mopar 18-inch wheels fit over their high-performance brake kit. Inside, the seats get covered in Katzkin leather featuring red mesh seat inserts and red stitching to match the lower-body stripe. The pedal kit, shift knob, floor mats, and sill plates are also Mopar items.
But what Mopar didn't do with the Pitch Black–painted Dart is upgrade the powertrain (beyond adding a pair of exhaust tips). The original GLH cars offered a 26-hp boost over the 84-hp Omni. And in 1986, when Carroll Shelby turned out the sporting Omni's ultimate evolution, the GLHS, it featured a 175-hp turbo engine. The thing scooted to 60 mph in 6.5 seconds. America had never seen anything quite like it. The last Dart we tested, a 2015 2.4 automatic, took 8.2 seconds to do the same thing. A Dart with a body kit and exhaust tips feels like it's just trading on the name, more a Challenger-badged Sapporo than a modern GLH. C'mon, Mopar. You can pay more fitting tribute than this.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
After analyzing DNA from 1,000-year-old Peruvian skeletons, scientists claim that seals and sea lions were likely the first to bring TB to the ancient Americas.
In the new study, a team of scientists from the University of Tubingen in Germany was able to extract tuberculosis DNA from three skeletons found in southern Peru. As reported by NPR, the remains were buried around 1,000 years ago, predating the arrival of Christopher Columbus and other European explorers by some 500 years. When the scientists compared the genetic information of the ancient TB strains with modern tuberculosis bacterium, they found that the ancient Peruvian strains did not match up with the typical Asian, European or African TB strains that exist today.
These findings, published last week in the journal Nature, suggest that at least a millennium ago, even as TB was spreading around Asia, Europe and Africa, a new strain made its way across the ocean. When scientists began pondering how it might have made such a momentous journey, they came to an even more surprising conclusion. The ancient Peruvian strain of TB was strikingly similar to strains of TB found in pinnipeds–an order that includes seals, sea lions and walruses–today. According to the new study's lead author, Kirsten Bos, her team's results suggest that at some point after TB emerged in Africa some 6,000 years ago, the bacteria made a jump from land animals to a sea lion or seal, which then transported it across the ocean to the New World.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Once the TB-infected animals arrived, it isn't too hard to imagine how they might have spread the disease to the people they encountered. Ancient Native Americans, Bos says, “had a spiritual connection to seals….Images of seal hunting and seals themselves have been found on ceramics used by Peruvian cultures.” Her co-author, Johannes Krause, adds that “Seals have been a very important economic factor [on the coast of Peru]. They were hunted, their hides were used, their meat was used, the oil was used. They were really quite an important animal there.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The researchers are uncertain as to whether all TB-infected Native Americans picked up the disease from seals or sea lions, or whether once humans were infected they could pass it along to one another. Another possibility–that Peruvians transmitted TB to seals or sea lions–appears unlikely, they say. According to Bos, “It would require humans having regular interactions with [live] seals, like rangers have with cattle today. Humans weren't farming or herding seals then.”
Though the new study suggests that seals were most likely the first to bring tuberculosis to American shores, the Europeans who arrived there in the 15th century undoubtedly carried another deadly strain of the disease. As Krause told BBC News, “It seems pretty clear that what we have today in North and South America is a European version of tuberculosis,” which probably replaced the older strain.
NOM Still Refuses to Disclose Donors in Maine
Even though a state court ordered the National Organization for Marriage release their donors' identities, a ruling affirmed by the Supreme Court, the antigay group still refuses to comply.
NOM's campaign disclosure report with Maine's ethics commission, filed Friday, omits the names of donors to their campaign to stop marriage equality in the state (voters go to the polls Nov. 6). NOM's political action committee raised $250,000 for TV commercials urging Mainers to vote against equality.
Even though courts have said NOM must release the names of their donors, the group claims the donations were given to their general fund, which does not fall under the disclosure laws. The state ethics commission is looking into the matter.
Meanwhile, NOM and the main group fighting against marriage equality in Maine, Protect Marriage Maine, are trailing equality supporters in fundraising. PMM has brought in $415,000, while marriage equality supporters raised $3.4 million. Read more here.
Los Angeles Kings defenseman Slava Voynov has been charged with a felony count of corporal injury to spouse according to the LA County District Attorney's office.
In a press release from the District Attorney, Voynov faces the charge "with great bodily injury." Voynov is scheduled to appear in court on Dec. 1.
The release stated specifics of the night Voynov was arrested in October:
During an argument at their Redondo Beach home on Oct. 19, Voynov caused his wife to suffer injuries to her eyebrow, cheek and neck, prosecutors said. The injuries were serious and required medical attention at a local hospital where the defendant was arrested, prosecutors added.
Deputy District Attorney Frank Dunnick will prosecute the case.
"If somebody violates the law and is violent with their spouse or cohabitant, if we believe it occurred and we believe we can prove it, we have an obligation to file charges and to vigorously pursue justice,” said Dunnick, according to Larry Altman of the Daily Breeze.
Rich Hammond of the Orange County Register also reports that this could mean Voynov will face immigration issues,in addition to a lengthy sentence.
Per the release, Voynov faces a possible maximum sentence of nine years in prison. Also immigration issues. — Rich Hammond (@Rich_Hammond) November 20, 2014
Voynov's defense attorney Craig Renetzky was quick to release a statement, relayed by Lisa Dillman of the Los Angeles Times.
Mr. Voynov is extremely disappointed that the district attorney's office elected to file charges. Mr. Voynov maintains his innocence and looks forward to clearing his name in court. We remain confident.
Deputy commissioner Bill Daly said in a statement, "We are aware of the actions taken today in California which we will review and evaluate before making any decisions. Until further notice, the current terms of Mr. Voynov's suspension remain in place."
The Kings released a statement of their own Thursday, accepting Voynov's salary will continue to count against the cap.
We maintain our support of the NHL's indefinite suspension of Slava Voynov. As an organization we will continue to closely monitor the developments of the legal proceedings and work in partnership with the NHL to determine the proper course of action in the future.
Voynov's wife also released a statement through her lawyer:
I am Parth Kothekar from Ahmedabad (India). For more than 2 years now I have been experimenting with, and learning from, papercuts. In order to give myself challenges I come up with thematic series' of artworks from time to time.
This time I wished to portray the uniqueness of Indian women. I wished to display the supramundane in their apparently mundane lifestyle. The Indian women are on her feet from as early as 5 in the morning every single day. How was I to display their innocence, their struggle, their freedom and the depth of their silence?
Mermaids have always fascinated me for various reasons, and nothing could capture my vision of Indian women better than a mermaid. Though half human she remains constrained to water. When she's above the water for us to see, does she breath or quietly suffocates? I wondered. Though she can't walk on land, can she be outdone in her deep, still and salty waters? Aesthetically it is the intricacy of their scales that appeal to me.
In order to capture the ‘Indianness' I made use of a cultural motif that is as ancient as it is modern - the saree. It is traced back to Indus Valley Civilization dated 2800 BC.
More info: Instagram
A list of 100 new foods has been revealed for this year's Wisconsin State Fair.New items range from a bacon-crusted pizza to gyro meatballs, Reuben Tater Tots to a "Hot mess" burger.For a full list of the 100 new fair foods, click here.Thirty-four of the new foods were considered for this year's "Sporkies" competition, which will name the fair's best new food.A panel of celebrity judges, along with fair-goers, will help determine four Golden Spork Award winners from the eight finalists.The 2015 Golden Spork finalists include:- Bacon-bottomed porker pizza (Brew City)- Beer battered pretzel coated deep-friend cheese curds (Tropics at the Fair)- Cheesy smoked Gouda sidewinder fries (Tropics at the Fair)- Churro Sundae (Mexican Grill)- Deep-fried pretzel crusted brownies-on-a-stick (Saz's Ribs)- Gyro meatballs (Apollo's Gyros)- Party Hard dessert flight (Sprecher Landing)- Wis-Cone-Sin (pretzel cone, chicken schnitzel, potato pancake, Gernam rotkohl) (Water Street Brewery)The fair runs Aug. 6 through Aug. 16 at State Fair Park in West Allis. Final judging of The Sporkies will be held at 11 a.m. on Aug. 12 at the Bank Mutual Amphitheater. "Wisconsin Foodie" host Kyle Cherek will emcee and moderate the panel of celebrity judges.One lucky fairgoer will be able to join the celebrity judging panel by using the social media hashtag #Sporkies2015 during the month of July.Fair attendees can also vote for their favorite during the fair by using the hashtag #FairgoersFave.
A list of 100 new foods has been revealed for this year's Wisconsin State Fair.
New items range from a bacon-crusted pizza to gyro meatballs, Reuben Tater Tots to a "Hot mess" burger.
Advertisement
For a full list of the 100 new fair foods, click here.
Thirty-four of the new foods were considered for this year's "Sporkies" competition, which will name the fair's best new food.
A panel of celebrity judges, along with fair-goers, will help determine four Golden Spork Award winners from the eight finalists.
The 2015 Golden Spork finalists include:
- Bacon-bottomed porker pizza (Brew City)
- Beer battered pretzel coated deep-friend cheese curds (Tropics at the Fair)
- Cheesy smoked Gouda sidewinder fries (Tropics at the Fair)
- Churro Sundae (Mexican Grill)
- Deep-fried pretzel crusted brownies-on-a-stick (Saz's Ribs)
- Gyro meatballs (Apollo's Gyros)
- Party Hard dessert flight (Sprecher Landing)
- Wis-Cone-Sin (pretzel cone, chicken schnitzel, potato pancake, Gernam rotkohl) (Water Street Brewery)
The fair runs Aug. 6 through Aug. 16 at State Fair Park in West Allis.
Final judging of The Sporkies will be held at 11 a.m. on Aug. 12 at the Bank Mutual Amphitheater. "Wisconsin Foodie" host Kyle Cherek will emcee and moderate the panel of celebrity judges.
One lucky fairgoer will be able to join the celebrity judging panel by using the social media hashtag #Sporkies2015 during the month of July.
Fair attendees can also vote for their favorite during the fair by using the hashtag #FairgoersFave.
AlertMe
From a Trump rally in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Thursday:
"It's one of the great political phenomenons. The most powerful weapon deployed by the Clintons is the corporate media, the press. Let's be clear on one thing: The corporate media in our country is no longer involved in journalism. They are political special interest no different than any lobbyist or other financial entity with a total political agenda — and the agenda is not for you, it's for themselves. Their agenda is to elect crooked Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE ADVERTISEMENT Reaction to Trump's critique of the media by many left-leaning media members and advocates was about what one would expect, referring to it as dangerous and dark and totalitarian and conspiratorial and just about every other word from the 2016 Hyperbole Style Guide. Those conclusions, of course, are just air without any real foundation in terms of numbers or data to support it.
Speaking of data, try this on for size:
In viewing recordings by The Hill of each major network's evening newscasts, which are watched by an average total of 22 million to 24 million people nightly, the newest batch of WikiLeaks revelations was covered for a combined 57 seconds out of 66 minutes of total air time on ABC, NBC and CBS. Reaction to Trump's critique of the media by many left-leaning media members and advocates was about what one would expect, referring to it as dangerous and dark and totalitarian and conspiratorial and just about every other word from the 2016 Hyperbole Style Guide. Those conclusions, of course, are just air without any real foundation in terms of numbers or data to support it.Speaking of data, try this on for size:In viewing recordings by The Hill of each major network's evening newscasts, which are watched by an average total of 22 million to 24 million people nightly, the newest batch of WikiLeaks revelations was covered for a combined 57 seconds out of 66 minutes of total air time on ABC, NBC and CBS.
Those leaked emails include derogatory comments about Catholics by senior Clinton campaign officials and more disturbing examples of collusion between the media and her campaign It's newsworthy stuff) —
On the other hand, allegations from four women of unwanted sexual advances by Trump were covered a combined 23 minutes.
Add it all up, and one presidential candidate's negative news of the day was somehow covered more than 23 times more than another candidate's negative news of the day.
It's understood what has always sold in this business: sizzle always trumps steak, sex always triumphs over substance. If you told me the coverage was 2-1 or even a 3-1 ratio of Trump to Clinton, you wouldn't be reading this column right now.
But a story winning the lead over another is one thing. Devouring it to the point of almost total omission via a more than 23:1 ratio is quite another:
"NBC Nightly News" with Lester Holt devoted zero seconds to the Democrat and Wikileaks on Thursday night.
"ABC World News Tonight" with David Muir gave it the same time as a shot clock in college basketball: 30 seconds.
"CBS Evening News" with Scott Pelley when 27 seconds with the story.
To put the importance of evening news editorial into context, the size of the its collective audience each night trounces the highest-rated program on CNN. In Wednesday night's case, that was "Anderson Cooper 360," with 1.925 million viewers. On MSNBC, it was "All in with Chris Hayes," with 1.926 million. On Fox News, it was "The O'Reilly Factor," with 3.728 million.
Add all of those up, and it's just shy of 7.6 million, or about one-third the number of people watching ABC, NBC and CBS, the networks presenting — in theory, anyway — straight news stories without the opinion and conjecture that dominates cable news.
And that's why it matters to pay attention to this kind of stuff when listening to Trump charge the media with bias.
It's one thing to lazily dismiss it as Trump simply blaming the messenger for a campaign heading in mostly the wrong direction in the polls partially due to self-inflicted wounds.
It's another to actually take the time to dive into the numbers to see if there's some beef here or just empty calories.
From the looks of the coverage, we're looking at the kind of burger once advertised on "The Simpsons": 18 ounces of sizzling ground beef, soaked in rich, creamery butter, and topped off with bacon, ham, and a fried egg.
Somewhere around 23 million people absorbed Trump getting pulverized for 23 minutes across the Big Three broadcast network evening newscasts.
Less than a minute combined was devoted to damaging documents pertaining to Clinton.
When looking at the numbers, Trump may actually have a point.
Concha is a media reporter for The Hill
The views of Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill
Rory McIlroy was critical about golf's inclusion in the Olympics
Rory McIlroy admits he was "proven wrong" by the success of golf at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
The four-time major winner was among several highly-ranked players to withdraw from the Games when golf returned to the Olympics for the first time in more than a century.
McIlroy initially cited concerns over the Zika virus, but later admitted that major championships remained the "pinnacle" of the sport and he would only watch "the stuff that matters" in the Olympics.
The 27-year-old revealed he had caught the decisive final hole as Justin Rose clinched a thrilling two-shot victory over Henrik Stenson.
"I saw Henrik and Justin's fairway woods at the last and I saw the chip shots and I saw the putts and I saw the medal ceremony," McIlroy said at a press conference ahead of the first FedEx Cup play-off event at Bethpage Black.
Justin Rose won gold on the final hole at Rio
"Actually I spent the weekend in my in-laws cabin in upstate New York where there was no TV, no electricity. But we got back Sunday afternoon, so caught up with it.
"Obviously it pleasantly surprised me. There was more people at the golf events than there was at the athletics. It was good to see, it really was. It seems like it was a great atmosphere down there. I think it was one of the cheaper tickets as well, and I think that encouraged a lot of people to go.
"It was well supported down there and I think Justin was a great winner. He was on board from the start. You go back years and see his quotes about it, and he was really excited to play and looking forward to play. So I think it was the right winner in the end, as well.
"It was nice to be proven wrong somewhat in terms of... like I thought golf was sort of going to get lost a little bit. It was away from the village; I thought it was going to just sort of blend in with everything else and be, not forgotten about, but just one of a lot of sports that are there obviously. But to see the crowds and see the turnout, I was glad to be somewhat proven wrong."
Justin Rose (centre) of Great Britain celebrates with the gold medal, Henrik Stenson (left) of Sweden, silver medal, and Matt
Players in Rio reported only a handful of encounters with mosquitoes, which carry the Zika virus, but numerous cases have recently been recorded across the United States, including in McIlroy's adopted home state of Florida.
"I haven't been back in Florida since June," McIlroy added. "I'm planning to go down there the weekend before The Tour Championship.
"You see cases even north of that in Ohio and New Jersey and all sorts of places. It's hard not to go home, but at the same time Zika was just one of a few issues I felt like I was facing going down to Brazil.
"I guess everyone's got to deal with it and at the same time it's not as if Erica (Stoll, his fiancee) and I are planning on having kids in the next year or so. We'll see. But be nice to go home at some point."
Henrik Stenson climbed above Rory McIlroy after winning silver
McIlroy, who is down to fifth in the world after Stenson won silver in Rio, has not played since missing the cut in the US PGA, where he labelled his putting as "pathetic".
Days afterwards, his sponsors Nike announced that it plans to "transition out" of making golf equipment, leaving the likes of McIlroy with a decision to make about their future plans.
"I'm very happy with pretty much everything," McIlroy said. "I think everyone knows I've made a change in putter, but I think that was inevitable after my performance at Baltusrol.
"I'm not going to commit to anything. I wouldn't be surprised to see me not go with a manufacturer for a year or two, just sort of play with what I want to play and go from there. No reason to start changing just because I can.
"I haven't been home, but apparently my parents' house has been inundated with golf equipment from different manufacturers. I haven't asked for it, but it's there. My dad's having a field day!"
The October issue of Kadokawa's Monthly Shonen Ace magazine is revealing on Wednesday that Keiichi Arawi's Nichijō manga will end this year with the manga's 10th volume, which will ship in Japan on December 10. Kadokawa will also publish a special edition of the volume on the same day, which will include a special booklet featuring unpublished "episodes" from the manga. The special edition will cost 980 yen (about US$8). The pre-order deadline for the special edition is September 17.
The comedy manga revolves around a group of female students living what would be a normal high school life, except that it also includes a talking cat, a robot, deer-wrestling, and other strange anomalies. Arawi launched the series as a short manga in Monthly Shonen Ace in 2006 before launching the main manga later that year. The manga also ran in Kadokawa's Comptiq and 4-Koma Nano Ace magazines.
Vertical Comics will release the manga in English starting in spring 2016.
The manga inspired a TV anime in 2011, which Crunchyroll streamed as it aired in Japan. Bandai Entertainment licensed the series for home video before it ceased offering new releases, and cancelled the home video release of Nichijō .
Digital manga platform JManga also published the first four volumes of the manga before it shut down in 2012.
Charges may be laid against four time Olympic medalist Denny Morrison following a serious motorcycle crash in Calgary Thursday night.
Sources have confirmed to 660News the speedskater was the driver of a bike that collided with a Toyota Corolla at Crowchild Trail and 32nd Avenue in the Northwest.
Morrison, 29, was initially rushed to hospital with serious injuries, suffering a fracture to his femur. He will have to undergo surgery to have a metal rod inserted into his leg.
Calgary Police said the motorcycle was travelling fast as it approached the intersection and a car was making a turn onto the highway through a yellow light.
Calling the crash “unbelievable', Paul Stacey, with the Calgary Police Service Traffic Division, said the impact was so violent that it flipped the car.
“I don't know how at that kind of speed and that kind of severe impact that he survived it, but he is one lucky man,” Stacey said.
Stacey said the driver of the bike did everything he could – so much that he left 30 feet of skid marks on the road.
The two women in the flipped car escaped without serious injury.
Traffic investigators are looking into the case.
Spread the love
For the first time in U.S. History, more Americans died in 2016 of drug overdoses than were killed in the Vietnam War. Let that sink in.
Last year's death toll in the War on Drugs was 59,000 killed, while during the entire Vietnam War, 1955 to 1975, 58,220 American service members' lives were lost. And, thanks to the immoral and futile police approach to the drug problem, there appears to be no hope in sight for the tide to change.
As The Free Thought Project had previously reported, drug overdose deaths outnumber the number of Americans killed in automobile accidents each year. Answering the question of who is responsible for so many overdose deaths requires a careful examination of the crisis which has now reached epidemic proportions.
The principal players appear to be pharmaceutical companies, who knowingly manufacture dangerous opioids — essentially synthetic heroin — which, alone, kills tens of thousands. Big Pharma has been caught time and again pushing the pills onto the nation's physicians who prescribe the dangerously powerful painkillers en masse — even to children.
Then, there are the abusers, those who are addicted to opiates. Getting hooked on opiates is easy, according to the CDC, who recently recommended the powerful class of drugs be taken for no more than 14 days. According to the Washington Post:
Noting that “long-term opioid abuse often begins with treatment of acute pain,” the CDC said that “three or fewer days” of opioid treatment “usually will be sufficient for most non-traumatic pain not related to major surgery.”
Street pushers provide the missing source for the drugs when doctors will no longer prescribe the pills to patients who have demonstrated a pattern of abuse. Yet, thanks to the war on drugs pushing the sale of these drugs into dark alleys and the like, the quality of street drugs is questionable with every dose sold. Some opiates have even been laced with the powerful drug Fentanyl, a drug so dangerous even casual contact with it can prove fatal.
As TFTP reported, Insys Pharmaceuticals, the maker of Fentanyl, donated half-a-million dollars to keep marijuana from becoming legal in one U.S. state. One-third of the overdose deaths in Ohio were linked to Fentanyl, yet instead of creating a safer drug, the company was more concerned with combatting cannabis legalization.
Last, but certainly not least, is the government's own Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA). The DEA's only purpose is propping up Big Pharma while raining hell down on Americans for their choice of substances. The DEA even admitted, early this year, it has been trafficking large quantities of controlled substances into the country.
Any decision to ban opiates or remove them from the market, would likely further drive the drugs underground, increase crime, criminalize abusers, lead to growth in the prison industrial complex, and result in many more overdoses. In fact, that is exactly what's happening. The war on drugs is creating a de facto prison state.
Some U.S. States are taking matters into their own hands. As TFTP reported recently, Ohio is now suing drug manufacturers for their role in the crisis, stating their desire to increase their bottom line profit margins have crossed ethical lines and led to the deaths of countless Ohioans.
Other states and police departments are also taking radical measures to fix the problem instead of prolonging and expanding it through the use of police violence.
As the Boston Globe reports:
“As Gloucester police chief, Leonard Campanello pledged in 2015 that drug users could walk into the police station, hand over heroin, and walk out into treatment within hours — without arrest or charges. The concept of help rather than handcuffs became a national sensation.”
Campanello is no longer police chief there, but the program is continuing in Gloucester. The concept of helping addicts instead of criminalizing them is such a success, it's been adopted by 200 police agencies in 28 states. This encouraging phenomenon shows that it's possible for law enforcement to listen to reason when it comes to drug abuse and actually helping communities.
“It puts police in the lifesaving business instead of the spin-drying business of arresting and releasing,” said John Rosenthal, a Boston resident fighting the opioid epidemic. “We estimate that approximately 10,000 people have been placed into treatment.”
In Gloucester, records show that 530 people have sought help at the police station since June 2015. Steve Lesnikoski was the first person to get help under the program, and now, after 18 months of being clean, he says without the Angel Program, “I'd probably be in jail or dead.”
Fatal overdoses and drug arrests have decreased in Gloucester. A study by Boston University and Boston Medical Center provided compelling evidence for the Angel Program's efficacy.
“In 417 cases where a person who visited the Gloucester police station was eligible for treatment, police data showed that 94.5 percent were offered direct placement and 89.7 percent enrolled in detox or other recovery services, according to Dr. Davida Schiff, a BMC pediatrician who was lead researcher in the study. Those numbers, reported in December by the New England Journal of Medicine, compared with less than 60 percent of direct referrals from hospital-based programs, which recruit patients who visit emergency rooms with substance-abuse disorders, Schiff said.”
Doing the opposite of the war on drugs is what truly helps people.
It is also important to mention that the opiate addiction, overdose, and accidental death problems might simply be avoided if, ironically enough, marijuana is made legal nationwide. A little over half of the United States have legalized cannabis in some form, leaving nearly half of the remaining states and their residents with no access to legal weed.
As TFTP has documented on several occasions, cannabis holds the promise of helping opiate addicts kick their addiction by substituting their cravings for opiates with the non-addictive pain killing properties of marijuana. And it's not folklore. Doctors have experimented with cannabis as a substitute for opiates with high degrees of success.
For now, the Department of Justice (DOJ) under the direction of Attorney Jeff Sessions and his staff, has threatened to roll back the progress cannabis activists have made in the last eight and a half years. Joining the DOJ is the DEA which refuses to reclassify cannabis, and remove its current status as a Schedule I narcotic, alongside cocaine, lsd, and heroin.
All of these moves and potential moves by the DOJ and DEA will only make the problem worse unless states like Ohio take measures into their own hands. Now that many in Congress have addicted family members, children, siblings, and friends, the matter has been taken much more seriously.
The idea of treating an addict with compassion instead of violence is a revolutionary notion in this country. However, in other countries, such as Portugal, its effects have been realized for more than a decade. In 2001, the Portuguese government decriminalized all drugs.
15 years later, drug use, crime, and overdoses have drastically declined in Portugal exposing the disturbing reality of prohibition.
Police departments choosing compassion over kidnapping and caging people is the solution and this program's massive adoption by hundreds of departments across the country is nothing short of bombshell. It is revolutionary, and will undoubtedly lead to progress. However, there is still a long way to go.
This is how change comes — not through the barrel of a gun — but through empathy and peace.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has revealed Eric Cantona was his footballing idol.
In a quick Q&A with Beats by Dre , Schweinsteiger said Cantona was the one former United player he would like to have played with and added the Frenchman was his biggest role model and idol when growing up in Germany.
Schweinsteiger's brother, Tobias, celebrated his brother's summer move to United by posting a collage on Instagram of the Germany midfielder, which included a picture of him in United's last Umbro home shirt.
"Now you have the opportunity to play at the club, because of Eric Cantona (my great idol) always had a place in my heart!" Tobias wrote.
Cantona, one of Sir Alex Ferguson's four 'world-class' players, inspired United to four Premier Leagues titles in five seasons and two domestic doubles.
The former United No.7 scored in the 1994 and 1996 FA Cup finals against Chelsea and Liverpool and was also named the Professional Footballers' Association Player of the Year in '94.
“I can't believe photography exists,” she exclaimed. “It seems so incredible to me that a moment can be captured—that I can show up 50 years later and pick up an image and have this emotional response. It feels like someone is whispering to me across the decades. Sometimes, it almost feels like I can whisper back.”
* * *
The origins of snapshot collecting are unclear, however, as a collector myself, judging by price increases of old photographs at flea markets and online, the phenomenon is growing rapidly. Once the domain of hobbyists, the practice has recently begun to enter the art world, with some starting to consider snapshots to be found objects in the tradition of Marcel Duchamp. That was the perspective taken by the National Gallery in Washington in 2007 when it exhibited the collection of Robert E. Jackson. More recently, in 2014, the Swann Gallery of New York conducted the first sale of found photographs by a major art dealer.
One of the attendees of that auction was Dan Lenchner. I met the collector and catering-company owner sometime later in his sprawling Manhattan apartment. We sat at his dining room table studying a standard studio portrait—a group of 12 taken in Łódź, Poland circa 1935. Only, we knew—as the sitters never could have—that in 10 years, everyone in the photo would be dead. Everyone except the man in the back row, second from the right. In the picture, he already seems separate from them—he is the only one not looking into the lens. It is a portrait of a Jewish family. It is also, inversely, a portrait of the Holocaust—a documentation of what was lost.
The man in the back row is Dan Lenchner's father. “One of the ironies,” the son noted, “is that my father didn't get along with his family. Even before the war, he was not a happy man. He never found himself.”
The ancestral portrait was passed down as an heirloom, but to Lenchner, it is also a collectable—one of 15,000 other images that he has bought over the years. The 70-year-old has published several books of found photographs, displaying them in pairs intended to evoke specific connections between disparate subjects: a prisoner and a baby, kids with toy guns and a wounded soldier, a woman in a hijab, and a woman in a catcher's mask.
Among these, as among all snapshots, there is a broader connection too. Walker describes it as a shared relationship to time. “Every person in a photo is older than when that photo was taken,” she elaborated. “I look at a photo and I know someone is probably dead and that one day I'll be dead too. There must be some secret of time held in these images. I can't help thinking that if I just study them hard enough, I'll finally be able to understand it.”
Several years ago at the New York Hell's Kitchen flea market, Noel Buscemi, a snapshot vendor who has since passed away himself, made a similar remark to me. “Pretty much everyone in these pictures is dead,” he commented, “along with everyone who ever cared about them.” He waved a hand over his wares, strewn haphazardly in boxes like mounds of autumn leaves. The snapshots had been torn out of context. Whatever they had once meant to their former owners had vanished.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Talking to myself about the Browns loving defensive backs...
Question: The Browns have 12 defensive backs, right?
Answer: That's right ... a dozen DBs.
Q: And there are only 53 guys on the roster, right? So 12 of 53 are defensive backs? And that's OK with you?
A: At first, I wondered what they were doing. The team not only has 12 defensive backs, but they have 27 players on defense. That compares to 23 on offense, three on special teams.
Q: OK, what about that?
A: The heart of this team must be defense. It where you find most of the big money.
Q: Are you making a Gerard Warren reference?
A: Better than one of those "gut feelings" from Butch Davis. But look at the payroll. The cash on defense. There are a variety of ways to look at payroll, but eight of 11 top players in salary this season is on defense. The only ones from offense are Joe Thomas, Alex Mack and Andrew Hawkins.
Q: Meaning what?
A: Keep looking at the roster. In the last two years, the four biggest free agent signings were all on defense: Paul Kruger, Desmond Bryant, Karlos Dansby and Donte Whitner. The top picks in the last two drafts were on defense: Barkevious Mingo (2013) and Justin Gilbert (2014). And they just signed Pro Bowl cornerback Joe Haden to a huge $67 million contract extension.
Q: But this means what when it comes to 12 defensive backs?
A: That General Manager Ray Farmer believes Mike Pettine can build an elite defense. And he wants his head coach to have the type of roster that he needs for that to happen.
Q: So this is Pettine's idea?
A: Of course. Farmer is a former NFL linebacker, so he values defense. But it's Pettine who said, "(This is) just with how it's become such a passing league. You need to carry a high number of DBs, especially corners." A year ago, Pettine had 11 defensive backs on his opening day roster as the Bills' defensive coordinator.
Q: Why so many?
A: According to Football Outsiders, Pettine used six or more defensive backs on 22 percent of the snaps. By comparison, former Browns defensive coordinator Ray Horton used at least six backs only 6 percent of the time. (By the way, the Football Outsiders guide is worth buying for serious NFL fans.)
Q: So Pettine loves defensive backs; I thought he likes to blitz?
A: The Football Outsiders said Buffalo had the NFL's best defense against short/medium passes (15 or fewer yards in the air). The Bills also had 30 sacks on third or fourth down, no other team had more than 23.
Q: What does all this mean?
A: Pettine blitzes with some of those defensive backs. He values speed. His Bills were second overall in sacks last season (57). The Browns ranked 16th with 40.
Q: Didn't we hear all this talk last season about pressure defense from Horton?
A: Yes, and his defense was a major disappointment. The Browns had 40 sacks last season. In 2012, they played in a more conservative 4-3 defense coached by Dick Jauron, and they had 38 sacks. So not much changed.
Q: Why do you think Pettine will make a difference?
A: Granted, I'm basing a lot of this on what Pettine did in Buffalo. In his one season there, he raised the sack total from 36 to 57. While he has Jim O'Neil as his defensive coordinator, this is Pettine's plan. O'Neil coached with Pettine in Buffalo.
Q: Didn't Horton have all these great stats and indicators of improvement when he was with the Arizona Cardinals in 2011-12?
A: Yes, he did.
Q: And not much changed, did it?
A: The shocking story was the decline of the defense in 2013. According to Football Outsiders, they ranked No. 24 (compared to No. 5 for Buffalo). On third down, it was No. 31. In the red zone, it was No. 32. Buffalo was No. 5 in those categories.
Q: So why will it improve now?
A: The best way for that to happen is for the front office to build the type of roster that the coach wants on defense. A year ago, Horton had only eight defensive backs -- but he kept 10 linebackers. Pettine has only eight linebackers. He thinks he has a lot of good cornerbacks, so the roster tilts in that direction.
Q: So you like 12 defensive backs?
A: It still sounds like too many, but I'd really love to see a good defense. And if Pettine thinks he needs 12 defensive backs (and Farmer agrees), I'm willing to see if they are right.
How Do You Say 'Gnarly' In Amharic? Ethiopia Gets Its First Skate Park
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sean Stromsoe
In 2010, 12-year-old Nathan Eyasu became one of the first skateboarders in Ethiopia.
He bought an old board off a guy on the street for a dollar, learned some tricks off YouTube, and proceeded to shock his neighbors like Marty McFly in Back to The Future.
"They'd be like, 'Is there a magnet in there?' " Eyasu says, laughing. "Nobody knew what skateboarding is."
Today, he has plenty of company. In April, Ethiopia opened its first skateboard park, on the grounds of a government youth center in Addis Ababa, where Eyasu lives. The country is hoping to one day take its share of the $5 billion skateboard industry.
But for Sean Stromsoe, a 22-year-old photographer from California, the park is also a return to skateboarding's roots.
In 2013, Stromsoe came to Ethiopia on assignment and ran into Eyasu and his friends.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sean Stromsoe
"It was just 20 kids that were sharing, I think five boards?" Stromsoe recalls. He felt as if he was looking back in time — to an era when skateboarding wasn't as commercialized and competitive as it is today.
toggle caption NPR
Watching these Ethiopian skaters, he says, "the thing I noticed was there wasn't so much judgment. Like some kid will be doing a handstand on the skateboard and everyone will be cheering and the next kid is going to do a tre-flip."
For nonskaters, a tre-flip looks like this, and it's a core move in street skating.
A handstand is one of a different category of tricks called freestyle.
In America each style and substyle has its own devotees and defenders. Whereas in Ethiopia, Stromsoe says, skateboarding felt more communal and fun, "like maybe 40 years ago [in the U.S.]. You don't see that so much back home. Because skateboarding has become pretty serious."
Stromsoe is still based in California but visits Ethiopia regularly. He co-founded a nonprofit — Ethiopia Skate — that raised money for new boards. With the help of Make Life Skate Life, another NGO that helps build concrete skate parks around the world, they built the first one in Addis Ababa.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sean Stromsoe
The skate park will protect young skaters from collisions with cars (Ethiopia has one of the highest road fatality rates in the world). But there's more to it than that. Eyasu says that it allows young Ethiopians to experience a "clean mentality" and aspire to potential future income. "We're trying to keep them spending their time on skateboarding rather than doing other things," he says. Among the skaters are former thieves and street boys.
I also meet Feven Birhana standing next to her SUV, a mother watching her 8-year-old, Abel.
He's easy to spot — the only kid in the park wearing a helmet and knee pads. "It's only his third day doing skating!" she says.
In a country poised for skateboarding firsts, she's part of the mix: Ethiopia's first skate mom.
What is the biggest vulnerability for the Warriors? Are they worse because of the players they had to move to fit in Kevin Durant?
Worse. They aren't going to cross the 70 win plateau. They lost a lot of speed and skill on the bench. The replacements are adequate but don't operate with the same quickness or offensive accuracy. The Warriors motto: strength in numbers, worked because they were 12 deep. They had so much versatile talent. But Zaza Pachulia, JaVale McGee, David West, Ian Clark, James McAdoo, Elliot Williams, Anderson Varejao aren't making anyone scared. Does a weaker bench mean they have to depend more on their starters? Fatigue was an issue last year in the playoffs. The Warriors are not as deep as they have been these last two seasons.
Will Harrison Barnes live up to his potential? Will he be a better NBA player coached by Rick Carlisle?
I am not giving up on Barnes because he had a disastrous NBA Finals. It all went to his head. He couldn't make a shot, not because he couldn't make a shot, but because he was thinking about not making a shot. The pressure got to him. Barnes has his NBA ring and regardless of how it all unraveled against Cleveland, and the humiliating embarrassment of his Finals performance, 35% field goals, 31% from three, 60% from the line, he has a second chance. With Dallas the pressure is off and Barnes can go back to who he used to be. He is a talented defender who can guard three positions. He's sneaky explosive, a nice perimeter shooter who can post up. He'll fit in well with Dallas' pieces and is better than Chandler Parsons because he has innate instincts on how to stop scorers. He should return to the old Harrison Barnes.
Did Kevin Garnett make an impact on DeAndre Jordan? Will Jordan's year be better, so much so, he's an All-Star?
I don't think D.J. will be an All-Star. The West is too stacked and he just doesn't score enough. Take away his dunks and what kind of offensive threat is he? Outside of two feet, he can't shoot 40%. So the All-Star game is out. But Kevin Garnett made an impact on DJ. He's DJ's hero. The force of Garnett's personality influenced DJ to embrace and attack the nuances of the game, not to mention Garnett's killer instinct. He takes the game a lot more seriously than DJ who is all into having fun. To Garnett, winning and making opponents fear you is fun. I don't think DJ will ever rise to that level of mania but just having Garnett in training camp will push DJ to another psychological level.
Is Ty Lawson recovered? Will he be a better player after his catastrophic fall from grace? His career has been put through the meat grinder and everyone is questioning his efficacy as a top level point.
I'll say this for Lawson. It can't get any worse. If Houston and playing with James Harden was a disaster, then Indy was Lawson in purgatory. He came off the bench and he was a ghost of himself. What happened to him? Repeated drunk driving citations and appearing before court and everyone knowing your business and calling you an alcoholic, even your former GM saying you came to practice drunk, that's what happened to him. He lost whatever confidence he had. He's on a one year deal so this is an audition. We'll know more about Lawson in a year. The Kings are playoff long shots. So he can do like Rondo. Use Sac. They definitely want to use him. He'll get plenty of opportunities with Darren Collison probably suspended by the league for domestic violence.
How much will the Spurs miss Tim Duncan? Are they are a better team now that Duncan has retired?
No. They are not better. They are different. LaMarcus Aldridge is a good player but he can't hold a candle to Duncan on the defensive end. Neither can Pau Gasol. Both are offensive players. The paint defense is going to take a step back. Kawhi will handle the perimeter but Duncan's presence can't be depended on anymore. He made up for a lot of mistakes. Now Aldridge will have the burden on him to be Duncan's replacement. That's too much pressure for Aldridge and it is unfair. He can never be Timmy. Duncan will be missed in the locker room too. His retirement is a significant loss for the Spurs.
photo via llananba
Oil firms were last night withdrawing staff from Nigeria and Liberia after the World Health Organisation (WHO) declared the Ebola outbreak to be an international public health emergency.
Leading medical experts said the virus – which has a death rate of 50% and has already killed nearly 1,000 people – required an “extraordinary response” to halt its spread.
The disease began in the forests of eastern Guinea in February, but its epicentre has spread to Sierra Leone, Liberia and Nigeria – home to significant reserves of oil and gas and hundreds of north-east energy workers
EnerMech and Tullow Oil confirmed yesterday that they were withdrawing staff from Nigerian and Liberia respectively.
Wood Group and Sparrows said that they were closely monitoring the situation amid fears the virus could spread further.
WHO chief, Dr Margaret Chan said declaring an emergency is “a clear call for international solidarity”.
“Countries affected to date simply do not have the capacity to manage an outbreak of this size and complexity on their own,” Ms Chan said at a news conference in Geneva.
“I urge the international community to provide this support on the most urgent basis possible.”
EnerMech human resources director, Shirley Smith, said: “While we perceive the risk to be extremely low we will never compromise the health and safety of our staff.
“As a precaution we have withdrawn our personnel from Nigeria other than those working on offshore projects.
“We are monitoring the situation on a daily basis and if there is an increased risk to those working offshore, we have contingency plans in place to withdraw them from Nigeria.”
Wood Group – which has staff in Nigeria – said it has plans in place to respond to the illness.
“Wood Group is monitoring the situation extremely closely on a minute by minute basis and plans are in place to respond immediately should there be any further spread of the virus,” a spokeswoman said.
“The safety of our people is our top priority at all times and, as the World Health Organisation has recommended, we have provided our people with accurate and relevant information on ways to minimise their exposure.”
Stewart Mitchell, chief executive officer of Sparrows, added: “We are obviously monitoring the situation vigilantly and taking advice from WHO and other relevant bodies to protect our workforce.
“ We currently have eight people working at various offshore and protected locations in Nigeria and their well-being is paramount.
“Everything we can proactively do along with our clients, on whose assets they work, is being done to mitigate the potential risk of infection.”
Tullow said yesterday that it was withdrawing from Liberia and Sierra Leone, although its licence in Liberia expired in June and its Sierra Leone licence will expire this month.
WHO said countries without Ebola should heighten their surveillance and treat any suspected cases as a health emergency.
by Brett Stevens on January 23, 2017
We moderns face dual problems: the immediate political collapse of the West and the long term decline and collapse of Western civilization. To defeat these fatal pitfalls, we must understand where they come from so we can choose a different direction and not merely opposition to them.
The origins of our downfall in the immediate political collapse of the West prove easy to find: post-war Leftism, itself an outgrowth of the trendy 1930s socialism that occurred in response to the instability of society brought on by 1920s moral laxity and financial herd behavior.
But where did that come from? A blithe writer in American Pravda a.k.a. The New York Times reveals the roots of Leftism in The Enlightenment™ and hints at its derivation in turn:
The Enlightenment must never bow to the Inquisition. Recognizing and even celebrating individual identity groups doesnâ€™t make America weaker; it makes America stronger.
There you have it: The Enlightenment™ is the ultimate goal, and Leftists see it as both their inspiration and goal. And so what is this “enlightening” philosophy? Skipping over group graffiti blog Wikipedia and its derivates, we can find an answer through an established and vetted source, The Encyclopedia Britannica, which tells us that The Enlightenment™ very much resembles eternal Leftism:
Central to Enlightenment thought were the use and celebration of reason, the power by which humans understand the universe and improve their own condition. The goals of rational humanity were considered to be knowledge, freedom, and happiness.
This requires a bit of distillation to see what is actually intended, since all humans express a dichotomy between public (social) and private (self-interested) views. In the above we have five assumptions:
Reason. It is assumed that reason, in itself is good, forgetting that despite some areas of life being understandable a priori, many require experience or repeated contact over time to understand their complexity, and that people learn unequally because of different biological capacities for perceiving, remembering and understanding these correlated details. Reason without a parallel referent in reality itself is solipsism, or at least can be, and theory often does not correlate to reality because the theory is based on human assumptions which can be rationalized or forced to be understood through reason, and thus assumed to be reasonable, and does not have a referent in external reality. Equality. This derives from the idea that all humans have (equal) reason, which is required to consider reason a universal good. Implicit in this is pacifism, or the idea that other people are reasonable, or respond to reason instead of bodily impulses, personality-supporting pathologies, over-intellectualized neurosis and a desire for personal wealth and power. Knowledge Knowledge, and not wisdom or intellectual ability, is presumed to be what makes people smart. Take anyone, “give” that person enough education, and then he has knowledge, which replaces a need to have the innate biological and genetic ability to understand that knowledge, and more importantly, to apply it in such a way that it advances principle, civilization and individual. Freedom Instead of having goals, we should have an anti-goal of having no goals whatsoever. That way, these equal people can use their reason and knowledge to do… well, probably the same stuff their ancestors did, which for 99% of them means the “four Fs” — foraging, fighting, fleeing and reproduction — with complete blithe oblivion to any consequences of their actions beyond immediate inconvenience or convenience to self. Happiness Where previous societies looked toward sanity and realistic adaptation as their goals, we will instead pick an easier target: being happy. What makes someone happy? No one knows: it varies between individuals, and we do not want to admit this, but seems to rely heavily on the group, because people need context for the feeling that the way they are living is the best possible way they could live, and need a stable, functional and upward-driven society in order to live in pleasant surroundings, which have much more to do with their happiness than any navel-gazing or politics.
From these, the basis of our modern society is formed. We know how well that turns out, and we have seen similar types of mental structure in the past, such as in ancient Athens and Rome. But where did the impetus for The Enlightenment,™ which looks like a formalization of a long-building social/cultural shift or civilization decline, come from?
The original article gives us a clue:
If my difference frightens you, you have a problem, not me.
Ah, yes: forced acceptance. Equal inclusion is the motivation behind The Enlightenment™ and Leftism/liberalism alike. Its root is in a pathology of people who fear they do not belong in a group, namely that they want to force themselves to be included, at which point they can continue their non-contributory or parasitic behaviors and other people are forced to accept those as normal whilst paying for them through contributions to the collective, or socialized cost matrix to which expenses of dysfunction are externalized.
The origin of the paradox can be found here. Individualists, who want to force others to accept them but not to change their own behaviors, demand equal inclusion on the basis of collectivism, or the idea that everyone is important, solely for the reason that they want personal inclusion. The whole thing is a con job, from start to finish. Never trust a Leftist; they always lie.
Tags: crowdism, individualism, leftism, the enlightenment
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Mike Huckabee narrates a video that made me gag (and considering some of the porn Christina has shown me, a video that makes me gag has reached a very high bar of raunchiness).
Oh holy hell. Literally.
This November, Christians across the nation will be put to the test.
And an arduous test it will be. First, they'll have to actually find their polling station (which is probably at a church). Then, they'll have to wait in line. Tattered and worn from waiting in line, they'll then have to touch a screen multiple times. The slings and arrows Christians will suffer for the cause…
But the greatest challenge will come when they vote against their economical interests in an effort to make sure their marriage is more special than the gays'.
“Unless the lord builds the house, those who build it labor in vain.” Psalm 127:1
Then the United States is fucked. God did not construct a single building in America's history; people did. We built that. While god created the sicknesses of the world, he did not hand us the medicine. Medical advances were the product of human minds. God sends the unannounced hurricanes that smash our buildings, and which kill life-long Christians and their still-sleeping children. In response to god, we conceived of satellite radar and evacuation plans. God has no intention of rebuilding any of the people or buildings he destroyed. He has no plans to bury the dead, or to rescue the lucky ones who still live. Once again, that will be all humans, many of them non-believers.
Piss on any person saying such work is in vain. So piss on Mike Huckabee and the bible.
The right to life from conception to natural death.
So be sure you vote for Romney, the guy who wants to increase military funding by two trillion dollars, above and beyond what the Pentagon has asked for, and who wants to go to war with Iran. But don't worry – the natural death of Iranians (and the occupants of whatever other countries with which we would go to war under a Romney presidency) will be natural in that people naturally die when they are shot or pierced with shrapnel.
The GOP platform also supports natural death by lethal injection.
But if it's an unthinking clump of cells without a life, thoughts, friends, or even the ability to suffer its own loss? Protect it at all cost. How else could it one day die in the myriad of the wars these Christians support, like Bush's or Romney's?
Marriage should be reinforced, not be defined.
Oh give me a break. Redefining marriage is what Christianity has done throughout the ages.
“Although [polygamy] was lawful among the ancient fathers: whether it be lawful now also, I would not hastily pronounce.” ~ St. Augustine, The Good of Marriage
Indeed, even Martin Luther, the catalyst for the Protestant Reformation (though 53% of Protestants are unaware of that fact), wrote “I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives, for it does not contradict Scripture.” In 1650, the parliament of Nürnberg decreed that men could take up to ten wives for a brief period, and the Catholic Church adopted it. The Roman Catholic Church that put an official end to the practice of polygamy in the 12th century. The church redefined marriage.
Or what about endogamy (marrying only within a particular social group; the opposite of exogamy, which is marrying outside your particular social group)? Until 1967, Christian groups opposed exogamy in the form of marrying somebody of a different race (thus supporting endogamy). Names for these types of laws were often similar to Virginia's oxymoronic “Racial Integrity Act,” and they were justified as defending the definition of marriage. If a black person loved a white person? Well, they can have their relationship, but why should we redefine marriage when it's always been between two people of the same ethnicity?
The believers who made up the majority of the support for legislation like the Racial Integrity Act were quick to cite biblical passages in defense of their discriminatory definition of marriage, the most frequent of which was Phinehas and the curse of Ham. It should be noted that these laws would have prevented the marriage of Barack Obama's parents. Eventually, kicking and screaming, the church redefined marriage.
Or what about arranged marriages? These have been prevalent throughout history thanks, in large part, to the Hebrew edicts that marriage preserve property rights, as well as the tradition of marriage to tackle primarily financial issues. Often these marriages were conducted by proxy, in which somebody stood in for the groom. It is this tradition of marriage as a financial matter that gave us the idea of a dowry. Eventually, the church redefined marriage.
The list of sundry changes to the idea of marriage could quite literally go on forever. The fact that the church has a habit of changing the definition of marriage whenever it suited them or when it had to change in order to avoid looking like a cabal of eagerly discriminatory asshats (even though that was precisely what it was and, in the hands of the people making this video, what the church still is) only shows their hypocrisy when they say that the definition of marriage shouldn't be changed now. Even if they had never once changed that definition, it should still be changed. When you care less about discriminating that you do about keeping an outdated definition, you have seriously mismanaged your moral priorities. Also you're a shitty person.
And what's more, who says it's the Christian's word to define? Lots of different cultures and lots of different religions have completely different ideas of marriage, and those religions and cultures exist in this country, which cannot prefer one religion over another. Why is it the Christian definition that should get enshrined in our laws?
And who says Christians have to redefine marriage in the church? It's not like the government will ever force a church to perform a wedding ceremony it doesn't wish to perform. Churches can be as bigoted as they want (that they pursue that right should tell you something about their faith). Why should the Christian traditions be imposed on everybody else via the government?
The video says that some issues require hard work. I'm sure going through the elementary process of basic thinking about issues like gay marriage is hard work when you're not used to it. Jesus Fictional Christ.
It is an egregious violation of our cherished principle of religious liberty for the government to force the church to buy the kind of insurance that leads to the taking of innocent human life.
It's a clump of cells, not a human life. And your religious beliefs don't trump the religious beliefs of the people you employ, who may not have a religious hangup with not having babies. Leave it to the followers of the guy who presumably healed the sick to want an exemption from providing healthcare because of their faith.
This is Mike Huckabee, and I invite you to join me on November 6th to vote on values that will stand the test of fire.
Oh, I love the fire motif of “Your vote will be recorded in eternity”, “Will you vote the values that will stand the test of fire?” It's a none-too-subtle continuation of the church's message throughout history: do what we say or burn. To any Christians reading this blog, how can you live like that? How can you have that threat forever over your head, how can you fear hell, and still think that god loves you? If god wanted to save you from it, he would without condition. The salvation of god is like someone approaching a person hanging over the edge of a cliff, about to fall to their death, and saying “I'll help you up if you vote for Mitt Romney and hate gay people.”
A good person just saves others because they care.
To you Christians, rejoice! There is no hell. There is only this one life and the heavens or hells we create for each other. Your moral guide should be your compassion, not the fear of a god who cannot be bothered to deliver his threats in person. You don't fear god, you fear other human beings who have convinced you they speak for him. If god exists, he could (and should) do better.
The last piece of text is “valuevotersusa.com.” I hate to disappoint them, but all voters have values. For the atheist we value reason, equality, and use the metric of how much happiness is created and how much suffering is averted when making our moral choices. Discrimination, extortion (the implied threats of hell in the video), faith (which is indistinguishable from gullibility, and which absolves voters of actually learning about the issues upon which their voting), and dishonesty (you don't believe people have a right to a natural death) are values, they're just the values of wicked people.
We're all value voters. Our values are just better than the values advanced by Christian propaganda like this.
According to Wikipedia, “Quora is a question-and-answer site where questions are asked, answered, edited and organized by its community of users.” It was founded in 2009. In early 2017, Quora was reported to have received Series D funding and given a valuation of $1.8 billion. This website “community” has about “ 100 million monthly unique visitors ”; of whom about half are from the U.S. and 15% are from India.
That email above was in response to an answer I gave to this question:
This is my reply -- the reply which brought about the Quora warning:
Like the well-known and notorious situation on Facebook, my reply would have been reported to Quora by Muslims (or possibly by Leftists/Islamophiles). This is such an easy thing to do that any reader who suffers cognitive dissonance from an unwanted reply only needs to press a link and... hey presto! The readers of this piece can also easily report an answer (or even a question) which they don't like.
The thing about this particular warning (or statement on “moderation”) from Quora is that it doesn't actually accuse me of using obscenities or of being rude. It certainly doesn't accuse me of lies or dissimulation either. It accuses me, instead, of not being “nice” to Islam. (Or, alternatively, it accuses me of not being “respectful” to Islam.) Sure, it doesn't explicitly say that I wasn't nice (or respectful) to Islam itself; though it doesn't say that I wasn't nice (or respectful) to Muslims either. In any case, I was neither unnice nor disrespectful.
All this gives the game away, really. It's not the case that abuse or swearwords offend the majority of Muslims. It's the case that any criticism whatsoever of Islam offends the majority Muslims. Don't doubt it!
Despite that, Muslims and Islamophiles/Leftists make a point of telling Islam's critics how many Muslims there are in the world. (A figure that literally changes every time you hear it.) They also tell us how long Islam has lasted. From that information alone, we're supposed to conclude that Islam must be a great thing. Or, if not exactly a great thing, then we're meant to conclude that there must be at least something positive about Islam.
Firstly, numbers and longevity alone don't prove anything that's necessarily positive. At the peak of communism, for example, there were dozens of millions of communists/Marxists worldwide.
Secondly, and more relevantly, one important reason for Islam's longevity and the number of Muslims is the fact that Islamic culture disallows any criticism of Islam, Muhammed, and the Koran -- again, literally! (This is something that non-Islamic Quora is now contributing to.) It's hopeless to criticise Islam in a Muslim country. Or you can if you wish; though, if you do, you'll have to face the consequences of a stoning, imprisonment, ostracism or death.
Added to all that is the fact that Islam is passed on from generation to generation; though this itself is strongly tied to Islam's culture of conformity and non-criticism.
Now these are the primary reasons why there are so many Muslims and why Islam has survived so long.
The Reply that Received a Warning
In detail, let's see why my post brought about a warning.
It was said earlier that Quora didn't accuse me of lying or dissimulation. It didn't accuse me of being abusive either. However, as many people now know, the very act of criticising Islam is indeed deemed to be “abuse” or “mockery” by most Muslims.
You'll have to forgive me quoting myself here. I wrote:
“The Koran -- Islam's holy book -- explicitly calls for the death of the 'infidel', 'unbeliever', etc. So do most of the hadith.”
That is correct. There are around 109 passages in the Koran which call for the death of the infidel, “unbeliever”, etc. Now, of course, these passages have been interpreted so as to show us their real “context”. They've even been interpreted to show us that such passages are, in actual fact, pacifist, liberal, or even “anti-racist” in nature.
Very many unbelievers -- and even some Muslims -- know that these 21st century interpretations are bogus and simple examples of Islamic taqiyya.
And on the subject of taqiyya. The following is also a part of a response to my own reply (in the above image):
“So to answer your question -- no, Islam doesn't request to kill non-Muslims, on the contrary it asks them to protect minorities…”
I wonder if the passage in the Koran which says that Islam “asks [Muslims] to protect minorities” also requires a “context.” Or are the positive -- rather than the negative - passages contextless?
Take this putative quotation from Muhammed. It was provided by a Muslim HuffPost journalist -- Kashif N. Chaudhry -- in a piece entitled 'Islam Requires Muslims to Protect Christians'. It reads:
“Whoever kills a non-Muslim citizen under a Muslim government shall not smell the fragrance of Paradise.”
Well, for a start, there was no notion of a “citizen” in the Arab world in the time of Muhammed or even long after. Only democracies and/or nations have a notion of a citizen. This concept of a citizen can be said to date back to the ancient Greeks; or, in its modern form, to date back only a couple of hundred years. In any case, the basic fact is that citizenship is completely alien to Islam.
It's obvious (to all but this HuffPost journalist) that the quote refers to a “non-Muslim citizen” who's “under a Muslim government.” That meant, and still means, that if one were a loyal and passive Dhimmi in a Muslim or Islamic state, then usually you weren't killed by Muslims rulers. However, there was still a very strong chance that you'd be killed by any number of Muslims. And if a Dhimmi were to be disloyal or religiously active, then Muslim rulers would have probably killed or imprisoned him or her.
The other thing is that no source or hyperlink is provided for the quotation in the HuffPost. That means that it was probably doctored by either the aforesaid journalist or by another Muslim. Now isn't it also strange that when you Google this quote in full, the only sources which appear refer to this very same article? It seems to appear nowhere else.
This isn't surprising considering that Kashif N. Chaudhry has made the prophet Muhammed seems like a fellow HuffPost journalist; rather than the 7th century Arab warlord that he was. The other possibility is that this journalist simply made the quote up.
It's worth noting here that the many replies -- bar two! -- to this question -- “Does Islam say to kill Muslims?” -- were all from Muslims or Islamophiles (often professional experts). I wonder if the other Quora users who gave negative answers have also been reprimanded by this website. This isn't a surprise because after Americans, Indians are the biggest users of Quora. (172 million Muslims live in India.)
So, again, Quora warns its users not to be critical of -- or disrespectful to -- Islam. Moreover, Quora also warns us -- if obliquely -- not to to tell the truth about Islam either. Now isn't strange that a non-Muslim company voluntarily carries out actions which are in conformity with sharia blasphemy law?
Paul Austin Murphy is a writer on politics and philosophy. He has had articles published in The Conservative Online, Intellectual Conservative, Human Events, Faith Freedom, Think-Israel, Brenner Brief (Broadside News), New English Review, etc. His philosophy blog can be found here. His blog on politics can be found here. Murphy is based in the county of Yorkshire, England.
cron.weekly issue #77: OpenStack, Moby, Caddy, Devuan, Linuxkit, Tmux, Jenkins & more
Welcome to cron.weekly issue #77 for Sunday, April 23rd, 2017.
It's been a busy week, both personally and in the open source world. So many good contents to share this week, I hope you find something among the links you like!
I also ‘launched' DNS Spy, the DNS monitoring & validation service I've been working on. If you're reading this newsletter, you're probably the kind of person that appreciates good monitoring, so go check it out at dnsspy.io! 🙂
News
This was a fun read to see how containers get used at Netflix, with an impressive 1.000.000 containers that get spawned weekly. That's 1 million.
Canonical has partnered with AWS to create an AWS-tuned Ubuntu kernel for the Ubuntu 16.04 LTS release, with some impressive results: 30% faster boot times, better I/O performance & other small fixes.
This is a cool feature to land for the `column` tool: it can translate stdin input and convert it to a table with headers or JSON output.
The team behind Docker created a new project called Moby, with the goal to store all container components. Docker itself would be built on top of those components. Essentially, Docker remains the name of the (commercial & open source) product, Moby is the runtime components that make Docker possible. Some more info on mobyproject.org.
This is an unbelievable cool & scary attack; researches have managed to reliably extract info from another VM by probing the host CPU cache. On top of that, they managed to set up an encrypted TCP stream via SSH to allow inter-VM communication, via the CPU cache.
Some remarkable news here, as Intel follows both HP and Cisco to stop their (financial) support of OpenStack.
Tools & Projects
Track & alert on the health and performance of every server, container, and app in any environment, with Datadog. Sign up for a free 14-day trial. (Sponsored)
This is a pretty big release, with man-in-the-middle detection, HTTP/2 server push, new plugin capabilities & plenty more fixes & features.
webhook is a lightweight configurable tool written in Go, that allows you to easily create HTTP endpoints (hooks) on your server, which you can use to execute configured commands.
A modern $PAGER for noisy logs. The goal is to get more from logs than most other pagers can. And to do so in less time. Basically slit is a verb, applied to logs.
Open source event based Platform as a Service.
A interactive command line tool for evaluating and debugging the puppet language.
The Docker team launches Linuxkit, the tooling to allow building custom Linux subsystems that only include exactly the components the runtime platform requires. This is the same toolkit that allows them to build & ship tools like Docker for Mac/Windows, which comes bundled with a lightweight Linux kernel.
I don't usually give release candidates much attention, but I have to admit I didn't think this would ever see the light of day: Devuan is the systemd free fork of Debian 8's Jessie.
GoTTY is a simple GoLang based command line tool that enables you to share your terminal(TTY) as a web application. It turns command line tools into web applications.
A DNS-protocol proxy for Google's DNS-over-HTTPS: allows you to run a server on your local network which responds to DNS queries, but requests records across the internet using HTTPS.
Crochet is a tool for building bootable FreeBSD images. There's support for a lot of platforms, including Raspberry Pi's.
Guides & Tutorials
A very theoretical summary of virtualization in Linux, where hypervisors come into play, how containers fit in, etc.
The `dc` command is pretty powerful for mathematics at the CLI, offering a range of additional options.
A post about, you guess it: vim & tmux! Lots of really good & practical config snippets to make cooperation between vim & tmux even better.
This post introduces termsaver (ASCII screensaver), pv (pipe view) & calendar.
Many details in this post, which covers load testing, graphing & monitoring, allowing HAProxy to use more than 1 core, detailed HAProxy configurations, …
Nginx, MySQL & PHP on a Debian 8 server, in a step-by-step guide.
A series of 6 free screencasts on setting up Jenkins, adding authentication & authorization, the new Blue Ocean interface, a working CI pipeline and managing the Jenkinsfile.
Who doesn't want their own, easy-to-setup VPN? This guide gets you started with an OpenVPN docker instance.
You usually don't have to think about CPU scheduling too much, but when you do, blogposts like these come in really handy. From tracing to resolving CPU scheduler issues with JAVA applications.
This post covers all the basics: prevent Postfix from leaking e-mail info, don't listen to all interfaces, prevent/limit e-mail relaying, …
One of the core concepts of Kubernetes gets explained in this post; Ingress gives you a way to route requests to services based on the request host or path, centralizing a number of services into a single entrypoint.
This post explores a couple of popular malware detection tools for Linux; chkrootkit, rkhunter, fuser and ISPProtect.
To get started, all you need is SSH!
If you go to the online comment section affixed to Morgenson's article, you see advocates of these two positions talking past one another, one side talking the morality of social protection and the other the morality of personal responsibility.
And yet if you look at McLeod's case, and the entire financial crisis that it stands for, there is a third position. This is the position held in overlapping ways by liberal communitarians and conservative Burkeans.
Photo
This third position begins with the notion that people are driven by the desire to earn the respect of their fellows. Individuals don't build their lives from scratch. They absorb the patterns and norms of the world around them.
Decision-making — whether it's taking out a loan or deciding whom to marry — isn't a coldly rational, self-conscious act. Instead, decision-making is a long chain of processes, most of which happen beneath the level of awareness. We absorb a way of perceiving the world from parents and neighbors. We mimic the behavior around us. Only at the end of the process is there self-conscious oversight.
According to this view, what happened to McLeod, and the nation's financial system, is part of a larger social story. America once had a culture of thrift. But over the past decades, that unspoken code has been silently eroded.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Some of the toxins were economic. Rising house prices gave people the impression that they could take on more risk. Some were cultural. We entered a period of mass luxury, in which people down the income scale expect to own designer goods. Some were moral. Schools and other institutions used to talk the language of sin and temptation to alert people to the seductions that could ruin their lives. They no longer do.
Norms changed and people began making jokes to make illicit things seem normal. Instead of condemning hyper-consumerism, they made quips about “retail therapy,” or repeated the line that Morgenson noted in her article: When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
McLeod and the lenders were not only shaped by deteriorating norms, they helped degrade them. Despite all the subterranean social influences, there still is that final stage of decision-making when individual choice matters. Each time an avid lender struck a deal with an avid borrower, it reinforced a new definition of acceptable behavior for neighbors, family and friends. In a community, behavior sets off ripples. Every decision is a public contribution or a destructive act.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And now the reckoning has come. The turn in the market punishes many of those seduced by financial temptations. (Sometimes capitalism undermines the Puritan virtues, but sometimes it reinforces them.)
Meanwhile, social institutions are trying to re-right the norms. The government is sending some messages. The Treasury and the Fed are trying to stabilize the system while still ensuring that those who made mistakes feel the pain.
But the important shifts will be private, as people and communities learn and adopt different social standards. After the Depression, a savings mentality set in. After the dot-com bubble, a bit of sobriety hit Silicon Valley. Now it's the borrowers' and lenders' turn. As the saying goes: People don't change when they see the light. They change when they feel the heat.
A California father is outraged after his 10-year-old daughter was forced to undergo what he called an "invasive" two-minute pat-down at the hands of a TSA agent at North Carolina's Raleigh-Durham International Airport.
Kevin Payne, of San Diego, recorded the entire pat-down of his daughter, Vendela, on his cell phone, and shared the video online and with the media. He called it a "heinous act" that "makes me sick to my stomach," The Washington Post reported.
The pat-down started after airport security found a Capri Sun juice pouch in his daughter's bag, which is prohibited under rules about liquid in carry-on luggage. They also got a false-positive reading for explosives in the bag. A female TSA agent began meticulously patting down Vendela when a cell phone alarm went off in her bag, requiring additional checks.
"I thought it was incredibly inappropriate, very invasive and it really violated my daughter," Payne told ABC News on Wednesday.
The pat-down continued for two minutes. Payne said his daughter had a "blank stare" on her face and he could tell she was "uncomfortable."
"What was going through my mind is, 'This is annoying, I don't like this, I want to run out of the door,'" Vendela told NBC News.
TSA protocol says "officers will work with parents to resolve any alarms at the checkpoint," and children have modified screening procedures that reduce the likelihood of pat downs.
"TSA screening proceudres allow for the pat-down of a child under certain circumstances," The TSA said in a statement, noting that Payne was allowed to observe the entire pat-down. "The process by which the child was patted down followed approved procedures."
Payne thinks the rules need to be changed so that other children aren't subjected to the same uncomfortable pat-down that his daughter had to go through.
"The pat-down seemed to be the go-to option for them, and I think they could have done a better scrutiny of what they were looking for prior to putting their hands all over my 10-year-old daughter," he told NBC. "Maybe they need retraining. Maybe they did everything by the book. I don't really know, but it was an uncomfortable situation."
Payne has contacted his congressman and plans to file a formal complaint against the TSA.
Watch the ABC News video. Do you think the TSA pat-down was inappropriate? Leave a comment below.
Photo: bellingcat.com
On February 17, the Bellingcat website created by British analyst Eliot Higgins published a study on the conflict in Eastern Ukraine. Higgins, aided by his team of volunteers, concluded that Russian artillery was responsible for shelling Ukrainian territory during the summer of 2014. Their report is based on open-source data: records pulled from social networks, photos, videos, and satellite images. Higgins and his colleagues spoke to Meduza's Ilya Rozhdestvensky and explained how a humble admin worker and professional gamer managed to become one of the world's foremost experts on military weaponry.
When he started Bellingcat, Eliot Higgins, who's 35-years-old today, had no professional experience in journalism. He had no connections with human rights organizations and he didn't speak a word of Arabic. In 2012, however, he became known as the man who uncovered the plot to ship illegal arms to Syria. He tracked down Croatian weaponry, proved that Sarin gas was used in the suburbs of Damascus, and got the attention of the British Parliament. What's more, he managed to do all this without leaving his small house in Leicester. The only tool at his disposal, while sitting in the living room among his daughter's scattered toys, was an ASUS laptop.
Eliot Higgins Photo: REX / Fotodom.ru
In his youth, Higgins was expelled from the Department of Journalism at Southampton University. He then became a bank clerk, and the last place he worked at was a lingerie store. He married a woman of Turkish descent, whom he met on ICQ, and in October 2011 they welcomed a daughter into the world. Higgins found himself no longer glued to the computer for 36-hour sessions of World of Warcraft, Fallout, and Command and Conquer. Now he had other priorities. But after six months, he needed something to replace his old habit, and he became interested in the conflict in Syria. Under the pseudonym of Brown Moses, taken from a Frank Zappa song, he became an active commentator on Internet news articles: On the Guardian's website alone, he left about 5,000 comments. Today, he says he was “just bored.”
“I guess I'm a bit argumentative,” admits Higgins.
In January 2012, he started a blog, where he published his views about the war in Syria and the fighting between the opposition and the forces of Bashar al-Assad. He had no background in weapons, but they became the focus of his investigations. With incredible attention to detail, he meticulously studied the videos and photos that appeared on the Internet. Every evening he sifted through Syrian accounts on YouTube, Twitter, and Google+ (distracted only by the TV series Eastenders and Columbo). When he began, he was following only 15 channels on YouTube. Today, he says the number is closer to 600 channels. Comparing the materials available there, he could, for example, confirm that cluster bombs made in China were being used in Syria. Higgins compiled a database that included information about the use of cluster bombs in 491 separate videos, and added a detailed map. Some journalists say Higgins must have sold weapons, because he knows so much about the subject, but these accusations just make him laugh.
Remnants of a RBK-250/275 AO-1SCh cluster bomb in Deir Jamal from a strike on February 28, 2013 Photo: Human Rights Watch
“Before the Arab spring, I knew no more about weapons than the average Xbox owner. I had no knowledge beyond what I'd learned from Arnold Schwarzenegger and Rambo.”
Higgins catalogued tens of thousands of messages on the social networks. The flow of information, which no journalists had time to sift through, began to make some kind of sense. Definite patterns started to emerge from what before had just seemed like "white noise." A few months later, Brown Moses Blog was being read by employees at all the major media outlets, as well as by British and American officials. Higgins' anonymity almost backfired on him: he was accused of having links with the CIA, MI5, MI6, Mossad, and even with the Bilderberg Club.
In the spring of 2013, the blog started to bring in some money for Higgins. He has collected about $17,000 in donations, half of which has come from the world's largest crowdfunding service, Indiegogo. Then he began accepting commissions to analyze social networks. His clients have included organizations such as Human Rights Watch. This came as some relief for Higgins' spouse, he says, who was waiting for him to find a "normal job.”
In August 2013, it was Higgins' investigation that helped to prove the use of chemical weapons near Damascus. While the United States, Britain, and France already claimed to have such evidence, they refused to disclose more detailed information, arguing that it was classified. Higgins, however, presented a detailed report, which confirmed everyone's worst suspicions: it was Sarin gas.
In the summer of 2014, Higgins stopped blogging, founded the Bellingcat project, and set up a small team. Bellingcat was financed by donations coming through Kickstarter. To run the project for six months, he needed about £47,000 (about $73,000), which he managed to collect in a month. Now, Higgins is working with about 20 people, including Aaron Stein, an expert on the Iranian and Turkish nuclear programs, and Aliaume Leroy, an expert on Southern Sudan and the drug trade. He is also working with Dan Kaszeta, a former officer in the US Army Chemical Corps and a former Secret Service agent, and Karl Morand, who served 4.5 years in the US Army, half of which he spent in Iraq.
Fundraising for Bellingcat began on July 15th. Two days later, in the sky above Donbas in Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, a Boeing 777-200 en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, was shot down. Al 298 people on board were killed. Higgins' colleagues and followers asked him to get on the case. A few hours later, he discovered the Buk anti-aircraft missile system and the next day was able to say with confidence that the Buk had been seen in Thorez about 15 kilometers from the crash site. In late July, Higgins described in detail how the SAM (mobile, radar-guided surface-to-air missile) had been moved through the Donetsk region.
“Our methods of investigation are applicable to many situations, and the conflict in eastern Ukraine is no exception. So I created a team of volunteers who began to study the data in the public domain,” explains Higgins. “You don't really need a team of artillery specialists, the process itself is quite straightforward, and we put together a tutorial for the team explaining each step of the process.”
Collecting information about the war in eastern Ukraine was slightly easier than analyzing data about the Syrian opposition. First, unlike Syria, there are some journalists in Donbas who are ready to help Higgins confirm or deny his theories. Second, there are two Russian speakers on the Bellingcat team. One of them is Ignat Ostanin (his friends call him Iggy). His parents immigrated to England when he was 9-years-old, and he speaks Russian, albeit with a slight accent.
Igor was captivated by events in Ukraine from the beginning of the conflict. However, he failed to satisfy his curiosity by reading the Russian media because, he says, he saw that news articles contained too many lies. For a while, he argued with Internet users in the comments sections of various news stories, later taking the investigation into his own hands. While studying law at the University of York, he produced several articles and passed them on to Higgins. His first publication on Bellingcat, which he dedicated to the memory of those killed on flight MH17, was published on September 8 and became a sensation: Ostanin argued that the plane was shot down by a Russian Buk, which was controlled by a Russian military group from the 53rd anti-missile air defense brigade Kursk. The results of the investigation have appeared in the media, and bloggers themselves translated the article into Russian.
The next translation appeared two months later: a report dated November 8, which explained how the Buk entered Ukrainian territory, who operated it, the location of the SAM on July 17, and what happened to it after the crash. According to Ostanin, the Russian authorities released a satellite image in response to his article, which supposedly shows a jet fighter attacking the Malaysian plane. The story was aired on Channel 1 on Mikhail Leontiev's program Odnako. It soon became clear that the satellite picture was a crude forgery, and Leontiev was forced onto the defensive: "I do not know what those bloggers proved. I know one thing: there is the objective evidence. Russia presented its data, maybe not all of it. Show us your data, you brutes! Damn, do they have any experience working in intelligence or in space exploration, these bloggers? So give us their names, their titles, and so on."
One of the frames used to restore the chronology of clashes in Mariupol, May 9, 2014 Photo: bellingcat.com
The investigation into flight MH17 continues, but there have been no big breakthroughs, so far. At the same time, in the summer of 2014, the Bellingcat team engaged with the broader theme — the presence of Russian troops in eastern Ukraine. They found Russian tanks close to the border, secret separatist training camps, Russian Special Forces in Donetsk and found connections between Pskov paratroopers and neo-Nazi groups. Since the beginning of 2015, they have shown how Russian weapons have crossed the border and been involved in the fighting in Eastern Ukraine. They tried to find out whether chemical weapons were used at Donetsk airport, and establish a chronology of the events in Mariupol on May 9.
Higgins and his team do not limit their analyses to social networks and videos, however. In mid-February, they released a report detailing launch sites of artillery fire on Ukrainian territory in the summer of 2014. As well as using traditional investigative techniques, they have developed a method for analyzing Google satellite imagery: using maps in the public domain, they spotted clusters of craters formed by artillery fire. Craters were divided into two types: low-angle fuse quick craters and high-angle shell craters. This research method was invented by Sean Case, who has worked with Bellingcat since November 2014, when he discovered a large number of craters caused by artillery shells near the border inside Ukraine. He then created a website where he published the results of his preliminary investigation and contacted Higgins. It turned out that knowing an artillery specialist was very useful for Bellingcat.
“I developed the first versions of the crater analysis technique we use by reading artillery manuals drafted by the US military. Artillery craters close to the Ukrainian-Russian border are very clear on Google Maps satellite imagery captured between July and September 2014 (resolution 0.5 m). Depending on the type of armament used, artillery craters leave very specific shapes in the ground—shapes that are routinely analyzed by armed forces worldwide using standard techniques to determine the origin of fire. As I mentioned above, I studied US army artillery manuals to learn about different crater-analysis techniques. I used these same crater-analysis principles, and just adapted them to satellite imagery,” Sean explains.
Traces of burnt grass, which can be seen in the Google images, helped Bellingcat find the exact location of the artillery. Tire tracks were used to establish what type of weapons were mounted on vehicles. Three attack sites were analyzed this way. It was possible to determine nine trajectories, eight of which indicated that shelling came from inside Russia, according to Case.
“It is possible that analyzing an attack site from satellite imagery containing very few artillery craters could result in some uncertainty and variation in the trajectory. But when you analyze a minimum of 200 craters at the same site, and then determine the average trajectory (as we did), the probability that you have got the trajectory completely wrong is extremely small. Indeed, we found that the average trajectory of each attack site passed very close to unusual burned areas in the ground (very specifically-shaped burned areas indicative of MLRS fire present only in areas in the conflict zone), giving us evidence that certain Russian military positions were used to fire artillery. In this way, we had a second confirmation to show that our crater trajectory analysis was accurate.”
In the near future, Bellingcat's team plans to investigate the shelling of Donetsk and Lugansk, although, according to Higgins, the available information may not be enough to determine which of the parties of the conflict was shooting at residential areas.
“We had a look, but I don't think the evidence available was conclusive enough to blame one side or the other.”
Today, many of us (designers) use prototyping tools like Framer to build micro interactions for our prototypes. More often than not, we want to build multiple interactions in the same prototype, but since combinations of interactions are harder to build, we often resort to building a series of prototypes with one or two interactions. These prototypes when put together, would represent the prototype we would have ideally liked to build. Although this approach works out while communicating individual interactions to the dev team, it lacks the completeness of a single prototype which packs all the interactions very tightly.
The only way to experience an experience is to experience it .— Bill Moggridge.
I am reminded of Bill's timeless words on designing experiences, because I see many designers taking their users through a series of small prototypes instead of allowing them to experience a comprehensive prototype in one go. The “experience” bit in such prototypes is undermined, and more often than not, experiencing an “incomplete experience” can be counterproductive. Unless your users can experience all the interactions together, your interactive prototype will remain a hard sell.
On the flip side, if you do go the extra mile and build all your interactions in one prototype, it can be very rewarding. Imagine not having to talk your users through a series of prototypes but instead being able to quietly observe how they interact with a single comprehensive one — wouldn't that be great?
Fortunately, with tools like Framer you can build such comprehensive prototypes in no time. I recently built this prototype for a to-do list in Framer-
Here is a link to the prototype —
You will notice that all elements of the prototype are interactive and you can actually play around with it without hitting the refresh button every time you want to experience an interaction again. This is because the prototype has been built around the idea of a system of animations, rather than a series of individual ones.
Mathematical rules like 1+1 = 2, don't really apply to the world of animations because they are not necessarily additive. Often designing two separate animations and clubbing them together will not bear the results you expect, and therefore it is important to think of animations as a system rather than a series of moving parts.
Here are some ideas that can help you think of animations as systems -
Build a clean structure with useful nesting
It is usually helpful to first think about all the interactions that you want in your prototype and build a structure that can support them.
For example, in the to-do list we have a series of cards, each of which has a check and a cross button. On hitting the check, there are a bunch of animations that run on the elements on the card, and the card itself moves to the bottom of the list. Similarly, different sets of interactions run when you uncheck or cross a card. The user can also drag all the cards around and change their order to her liking.
In order to get all this functionality with minimal code, the elements on each card have been nested within the card, while the card itself has been nested inside a list of cards. Running a simple loop on this list gives us access to any card, and running a nested loop on that card gives us access to all its elements.
Write elaborate pseudo code
I cannot emphasise how important this is for an interactive prototype. Pseudo code helps in 2 ways —
First, it helps you work on the logic without having to worry about your coding abilities.
Second, it helps your dev team understand exactly what you intend to do with the prototype. Eventually, your code is going to be translated from JavaScript/CoffeeScript to Swift or Android. It is likely that your dev team will tear your code apart to make it more efficient, but what will remain intact is the logic you capture in your pseudo code.
Here is the pseudo code responsible for switching positions of cards when they are being dragged -
Required
-Function to return index of a card based on its position
-Function to decide position of a card based on its index
Logic
Check if a card is being Dragged and Moved ->
····get card's index based on its position
····if this index is not the same as card's original index
········get the card sitting at this index
········switch the original indices of both cards
········update positions of all cards based on their indices
Here is the pseudo code written for the situation when a card is checked/unchecked —
Required
-'Done Status'(stores the status of check/uncheck or done/undone)
Logic
Click check icon on a card ->
····reverse 'Done Status' on this card
····if Done
········Hover this card
········Animate elements on this card ->
············Move coloured line from left to right
············Make the check icon the same colour as the line
············Lower the opacity of all elements on this card
········Move up all cards below this card by one position
········Move this card to the bottom of the list
····if Undone
········Hover this card
········Animate elements on this card ->
············Move coloured line from right to left
············Change check icon colour back to grey
············Increase the opacity of all elements on this card
········Move down all cards by one position
········Move this card to the top of the list
Use classes to simplify, not complicate
If you have a single type of element repeated throughout the prototype, then it's unlikely that writing a class will simplify your code. For example, in the to-do list prototype each card behaves the same way. Therefore, writing a ‘Card Class' wouldn't have simplified anything. I would have ended up writing the same amount of code, with the added disadvantage of compromised readability for novice programmers.
So, when is it a good idea to use classes?
Let's say we had 2 (or more) types of cards (say Type A and Type B), which had slightly different properties, it would have made sense to write a parent ‘Card' class and have two child classes — ‘Card Type A' and ‘Card Type B' inherit from the parent class. The common functions for each child class would come from the parent class, while their uncommon functions would be contained within each child class separately. Writing classes in such cases makes your code less repetitive and more flexible.
Use layer relationships effectively
Framer offers useful properties like children, parents and siblings for it's layers. These properties can be very handy in looping through layers. In the to-do list prototype, I've used both parent and children relationships on each card layer quite extensively. Below is the code snippet used to handle the checking/unchecking of a card —
Lastly, use arrays to reduce work
If you are new to Framer or programming in general, this post will help a lot — Code less and achieve more with arrays in Framer. Arrays provide a lot of ‘out of the box' functionality which can ease your coding burden immensely. In the to-do list prototype, once I set-up all the layers, I also store them in an array. Operations like dragging and repositioning of cards, removal of cards or marking them as done/undone are all made possible because of this array.
Credits
Thanks to the following people in helping out with the prototype —
Benjamin Den Boer — List sorting prototype (used as the base)
Ketki Jadhav — Visual Design
Uncommon team — Review
Yesterday I reported on how the Koch Brothers are trying to scam voters. Today their front group, AFP, actually admitted to sending the bogus ballots. They have an excuse, of course, but if you believe it, I have a lovely bridge to sell you. This is nothing short of Republicans criminally attempting to cheat voters out of their votes.
Yesterday it was revealed that conservative group Americans for Prosperity was sending Democratic voters in the Wisconsin recall elections absentee ballots with incorrect submission deadlines . While the recalls elections against Republican state senators are on Aug. 9, the mailings told Democratic voters in those six districts they could return their absentee ballots as late as Aug. 11.
Now, Americans for Prosperity claims this was simply a typo :
Matt Seaholm, state director of AFP, told No Quarter that the incorrect date was a typo and the letter was only sent to AFP members. However, two of the individuals filing complaints against AFP claim they aren't members of the organization and are, in fact, identified as being "card-carrying Democrats"
Here is AFP's explanation [Murdoch delinked] for how Democrats ended up receiving the mailing:
"No (mailing) list is perfect," Seaholm said.
Earlier this month, Sens. Bill Cassidy, Dean Heller, Lindsey Graham and Ron Johnson announce their legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare through block grants. | Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images Obamacare repeal plan won't get full CBO analysis by key deadline Senate Republicans could hold a vote on the bill without knowing how it would affect health insurance coverage or premiums.
If Senate Republicans vote to repeal Obamacare before the end of the month, they'll be flying blind — not knowing the impact their plan will have on insurance coverage or premium costs, budget scorekeepers said Monday.
The Congressional Budget Office will only have a bare-bones assessment of the latest GOP bill ready before Sept. 30, the deadline for Senate Republicans to pass health care legislation on a party-line vote.
Story Continued Below
The CBO analysis, which the agency aims to release early next week, will include some basic budgetary estimates required by reconciliation rules. But it will not have details about the practical implications of the bill, including how many people could lose coverage and the impact on insurance premiums. Those estimates will not be available "for at least several weeks," CBO said.
Senate GOP leaders have been gauging support for the repeal plan — a block-grant proposal that would significantly shrink the federal role in health spending from Sens. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Bill Cassidy (R-La.) — with hopes of bringing the bill to the floor next week.
The CBO's announcement could make it harder for GOP leaders to convince wary Republicans like Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) to support the plan.
McCain, Collins and Murkowski joined together to sink the GOP's "skinny repeal" in late July. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) has already come out against the Graham-Cassidy bill, dubbing it "Obamacare lite." Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) can only lose two members of his conference and still pass the bill.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Alternatively, without a CBO report, Senate Republicans may be spared damaging headlines if CBO found the bill could cause millions more to be uninsured or fuel significantly higher costs for older enrollees.
Earlier in the day, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) called for the CBO to do a full analysis of the Graham-Cassidy bill before it comes to the floor for a vote.
“A comprehensive CBO analysis is essential before Republicans force a hasty, dangerous vote on what is an extreme and destructive repeal bill,” Pelosi and Schumer wrote to CBO Director Keith Hall in a letter first obtained by POLITICO. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Rep. John Yarmuth (D-Ky.), ranking members of the Senate and House Budget committees, also signed on.
Republicans have until Sept. 30 to pass an Obamacare repeal using only party-line support under the fast-track process known as reconciliation. Senate GOP leaders are mulling bringing the Graham-Cassidy bill up for a vote next week, if they can get support within the conference. They have even enlisted President Donald Trump to help round up the 50 votes needed for passage.
Democratic leaders want to know how many people would lose insurance under the latest GOP plan, the impact on premiums for elderly enrollees and what would happen to Medicaid.
“Thus far, every version of Republicans' effort to repeal and replace the ACA has meant higher health costs, millions of hard-working Americans pushed off coverage, and key protections gutted with devastating consequences for those with pre-existing conditions,” they wrote.
Right now the bill is still short of the 50 votes needed. If the Senate does pass legislation, the House would have to bring it up for a vote without changes.
Written Legends: Nightmare at Sea is rated 4.1 out of 5 by 53 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by upsysydaisy from Challenging Deep Sea Adventure I love underwater themed games and this one went over and beyond my expectations. It was a long game for me and pretty bare-bones when it came to a helping hand, but that added even more fun to it. Davy Jones has always been an interesting high seas tale, so that prompted my interest. I loved the storyline. It was solid and easy to follow and was shrouded with sadness for all those lost, imprisoned souls. Just imagine being trapped there forever and aware of your situation. Only a story, I know, but still a horrid thought. The graphics were pretty basic but the different art style made them interesting and a little unusual. On my computer the scenes were smaller than normal but posed no problem with finding items, as they were all clear and crisp. The colors were excellent. I enjoyed the underwater locations and the characters. Although there were no voices, I thought it was suitable for taking place underwater and the characters being dead. I never skipped any of the written dialogue, afraid to miss something important to my progress and I read everything in all my games, never find it boring or waste of time. One thing not to my liking was the pathetic little map with all the back and forth involved. But I finally picked up a string of good luck finding what I needed. My pace quickened and I thankfully made it to the finish! I never want to give up so this was a big victorious moment that I quietly celebrated with my cat! In my opinion, this was a wonderful little game. It was full of challenging tasks and well hidden items, giving the opportunity to test your patience and memory skills. There were not many games but they were very good and for me, just challenging enough to keep frustration from moving in. The ending could have been a little better but it wasn't bad. Not too abrupt and kept with the storyline which is not the case with many games. I was happy to see the souls rising from the watery depths after Davy Jones was held to his promise after losing at his own game. I absolutely recommend this game. I certainly was not disappointed! God Bless....
Rated 5 out of 5 by SparkleGlow100 from Whoooooooooooooooo, lives-in-a-pineapple-under-the-sea?…Not Davy Jones! Bubbles, shark, octopus, coral gardens, sunlight beams and various wrecks of different sizes. Completely enjoyable, with great music! The TASKS list is very important in this game, because the HINT and MAP are only minimally useful. Not a beginner's game. GRAPHICS: Underwater marvel. Loved the angles and sense of depth created with shipwrecks looming into the beyond. Stylized graphics that suit the game. Does not fill the whole screen. HOPS: Plenty. Will sparkle for you and the HINT will help you out here. Clearly visible objects. PUZZLES: Generally straight-forwards. SOUNDS: Fine, but not great. Music is good. The other control is mainly for mouse-click action. A lack of general ambient sounds, like bubbles etc. HINT: Will circle any area that has something for you to do, at any point. Won't show you which item to use, or how to find the item if you don't already have it. Scour the scenes top to bottom, and see when your cursor changes to find stuff. DIFFICULTY LEVELS: Only 1 mode of game play. MAP: Helps you get your bearings only. NOT travel and will highlight an area you need to go to. INVENTORY: NOT lockable JOURNAL: Will hold the MAP, the TASKS and CLUES. CHARACTERS: They are Davy Jones, his barnacled skivvies and trapped souls. Pleasant intermittent interaction which helps you on your quests. No voice-overs or lip-sync; you read.
Rated 5 out of 5 by coha92 from Love it! I was entertained for several hours playing Written Legends: Nightmare at Sea. The graphics, the music, the story were superb! I love the fact that it has hints so if I'm stock in something I don't have to leave my game to find the walkthrough in a website. The objects were somehow easy to find. I love to play without stress and this game gave me a relaxing sensation after a hectic week of work.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Ethereal924 from The Malevolence of Davy Jones With the lure of a 50% off sale and being a pirate fan, I chose to give the trial version of this game a try. I was so engrossed by the game that it was a complete shock when my hour ran out. It will definitely be worth the price to continue and finish the game. Some of the music was eerily similar to POTCO which I've played for many years. The rest was calming and appropriate for an underwater adventure. I appreciated the lack of voice-overs while interacting with characters. I prefer to read the text at my own pace. The task log and map are very helpful. However, I did have issues with use of the Hint button outside of HOS. It led me to task completion areas and not to the missing links that I was seeking. There were 6 HOS during the first hour alone. I would rate them as being easy. Nothing is hard to find or hidden slightly off-screen. The ocean creatures were a welcome touch and I had a giggle at the pilot character being named Janeway. :P
Rated 5 out of 5 by arnold1049 from NEARLY PERFECT Up until the very last part of the game, I really thought this was about the best game I've ever played. Everything worked and the Notes, Clues, and Map made it really easy to figure out where I was and where I needed to be. The mini games were not too hard and neither were the HOS. I rarely had to use the hint button, and only at the very end did I need to check out the walk through. I pretty much played it in one sitting, which may explain why, by the end of the game, I was not thinking as sharply as I should have been. When I have to refer to the walk through to figure out the next step, then my opinion of the game goes down a little. I hate not being able to figure out where to go to play the next HOS or puzzles. It's one thing to be unable to solve a puzzle or figure out how to use an inventory item and a whole other issue not knowing where to go to play next. The latter issue just drives me crazy. The storyline was great and the graphics very good. I never play with sound, so cannot comment on that area. All in all, an excellent game.
Rated 5 out of 5 by 19linda47 from Great Game Except for Glitches It's a great game. I love the visual effects and puzzles but for some reason whenever I hit the "pause" button and resume the game, it freezes up! I have to exit out of the game and re-enter it to continue playing. Please fix it!
Rated 5 out of 5 by pjmpjm from THIS IS A GREAT GAME!! I loved this game. It is a steal at $2.99. The game had a good story line and there wasn't too much going back and forth to complete tasks. The HOGs were clear as were all graphics, can't say anything about music because I always turn the music off. The only turn offs were: 1) a lot of reading, 2) not enough HOGs. I would highly recommend this game!!
Rated 5 out of 5 by virtualadventure from An underwater adventure I love games that are under the sea! The sceenery is colorful and the graphics look exceptional. Your character needs to talk to the other characters in the game to get hints and find out where to go next. There is a lot of backtracking and wandering around but the game has directional hints available to aid you if needed. This game was so much fun and i really enjoyed it!
Rated 5 out of 5 by LavaReign from lots of fun to play A free map is included with this SE, and it highlights areas which lead you to the next step so it's very helpful! The map and subtle sparkles took a lot of the stress out of the game and eliminated the need for hints. The underwater graphics were beautiful. I didn't mind the characters repeating themselves, and the helpful "lost souls" added a feeling of community to the game. HO scenes were delightfully simple, even if objects were replaced on subsequent visits. A minor complaint, some of the adventure tasks required items that I had already used, gloves, an axe, a wrench, but I had to go find new ones again. Tasks could have benefited from a little more imagination, or at least let us use more the similar items over again. The pesky octopus was a cute addition though. The adventure itself was nice, I enjoyed the storyline even if I've heard similar ones before, and the tasks made logical sense so there was a feeling of accomplishment after completing something.
The CW's sophomore drama gets a new look
Who said main titles are dead?
After a season without one, The CW's post-apocalyptic drama The 100 premieres its brand-new opening during Wednesday's episode. Can't wait until then? You're in luck because The Hollywood Reporter exclusively premieres the new opening, with music written by show composers Evan Frankfort, Doc Dauer and Liz Phair and put together by L.A.-based design company Royale.
At the moment, everyone is spread out on Earth — in Jaha's case, he's alone in space — and the main titles certainly capture the scope of the season, even providing useful context to where things are in relation to each other.
Read more 'The 100' Boss Breaks Down the Season 2 Premiere's Biggest Moments
There is even a slight resemblance to The Hunger Games arena with its varied terrain and mapped-out locations, almost to suggest there's someone controlling them all.
"I wanted to use the titles to expand the universe — show us glimpses of the world of the show from above. All of these shots are places we've seen in the show or places that we will see someday," executive producer Jason Rothenberg explains. "There are Easter eggs throughout."
And here's a cool fact: The opening and closing shots will change depending on the episode.
Check out the new opening above.
The 100 airs 9 p.m. Wednesdays on The CW.
Email: Philiana.Ng@THR.com
Twitter: @insidethetube
Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz may be President Barack Obama's worst surrogate, at least according to the Obama campaign's internal polls. But Wasserman Schultz may be campaigning for herself to win an under-the-radar race for a leadership position in her party that may allow her to succeed Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, who could retire from Congress next spring.
The Democratic Caucus Vice Chair — the no. 5 leadership post — is opening up and the National Journal reports Wasserman Schultz may be actively campaigning for the spot. DWS has been soliciting votes from Democrats who could potentially unseat Republicans in November.
Pelosi, Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-MD), and Rep. James Clyburn (D-SC) are the three top-ranking Democrats, and they are all in their 70s.
Rep. John Larson (D-CT) holds the no. 4 spot (Caucus Chairman) but is term-limited, which means Vice Chairman Rep. Xavier Becerra (D-CA) will most likely move up to the fourth spot. Hispanics within the Democratic party would view Becerra's ascent favorably.
That leaves Becerra's no. 5 spot open, which could be a “placeholder” for someone like Wasserman Schultz with higher aspirations.
According to the National Journal, “barring another shellacking this fall, the House Democratic Caucus is not likely to force out Pelosi, 72, as its leader, even if Democrats do not succeed in recapturing the majority.”
But Pelosi may leave Congress in the Spring and try to ensure she is succeeded by someone of her choosing.
Democrats will hold their leadership elections during the week of Nov. 11 and the National Journal reports Rep. Joe Crowley is already “all-in” for the Vice Chair positon and could be Wasserman Schultz's greatest threat if Wasserman Schultz goes for the Vice Chair post.
The National Journal also notes that Wasserman Schultz is not a favorite of Pelosi's. And since she “has developed a national fundraising network and profile as DNC chairwoman,” Wasserman Schultz “has collected lots of chits on the campaign trail.”
Because Pelosi is unlikely to hand-pick Wasserman Schultz to succeed her, DWS will have to be more strategic if she is ultimately aiming for Pelosi's post.
By
Is 2016 the year the United States enters another recession? That's the common perception of economists over the past year.
According to the various reports, the odds of a recession hitting the U.S., less than a decade since the last economic collapse, is growing, and Citi is the latest group to join the chorus.
Citi released its 2016 economic outlook Wednesday, which stated that there's a 65 percent chance of a U.S. recession in 2016. With the weakest economic expansion following a recession, this will be a serious blow to the U.S. The outlook isn't just bleak for the U.S. but also for the rest of the world.
Although the U.S. economy will contract, the outlook suggests that domestic consumption, housing investment and business investment will be the biggest drivers of growth for the national economy.
Economists at Citi are still forecasting the very first Federal Reserve rate hike in seven years to transpire in the first quarter of next year, followed by three more between the third quarter of 2016 and the first quarter of 2017. This means the Fed Funds rate would reach 1.25 percent by the end of the first quarter of 2017.
The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), say all of the experts, will likely raise interest rates at its next meeting this month.
On the Eurozone:
“At the December 3 meeting, the ECB may review its monetary policy options and formally extend or expand the QE program.”
On China:
“In early November, the IMF may include CNY in its SDR basket, but we may see CNY/USD weakening either way.”
On precious metals:
“Gold lacks major drivers as US monetary and fiscal policy are well contained (policy rate hiking seen coming and deficits slashed from crisis levels) and jewelry demand in EM looks flat.”
For millions of Americans, the question that may be asked: did the 2009 recession even come to an end? With all of that debt, millions living paycheck to paycheck and steadily rising price inflation, many may not even be surprised when the U.S. officially falls back into a recession.
Animated films have been getting the ol' live-action treatment quite frequently as of late—there are even competing Beauty And The Beast and The Little Mermaid projects out there. Disney is, of course, behind one of each, and is preparing the world for Emma Watson's take on everyone's favorite bookworm. Meanwhile, Universal lost its Little Mermaid director just as it cast Chloë Grace Moretz as its Ariel. Now Sony Pictures is trying to join in on the fun with a live-action Mulan movie, Variety reports.
The publication describes the project as a reboot, but the legend of Hua Mulan can probably be adapted or dramatized by Sony without technically contributing to the remake trend. There aren't many details available, but the film will shoot in China, where Matt Damon recently battled dragons. It's been almost 20 years since Disney's animated retelling of the story achieved critical and commercial success; that film boasted a voice cast that included Ming-Na Wen, B.D. Wong, and Eddie Murphy. The House Of Mouse announced last year that it's mulling over its own live-action production of the story, so perhaps the next big trend in movies will be dueling versions of every property.
Advertisement
The proposed film is one of several projects that Sony is developing with its own former executive Doug Belgrad, who's co-financing the Mulan movie as well as Bad Boys 3 (otherwise known as Bad Boys For Life). Belgrad and Sony are also partnering up for a live-action Peter Rabbit movie starring James Corden and Rose Byrne, as well as the Charlie's Angels reboot that Elizabeth Banks is reportedly directing.
By Julia Love
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 8 (Reuters) - Apple Inc on Tuesday released a version of its virtual personal assistant Siri for Arabic speakers in the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia, potentially making its iPhones more attractive in a largely affluent market of more than 30 million people.
The move, part of Apple's latest software updates, means people in those countries will be able to use Siri in their native tongue on iPhones, iPads and the Apple Watch. It follows Google, whose Android phones' voice search function already offer some support in Arabic.
"This is part of the consumerization and personalization of IT-based services that we're seeing at all levels of the industry," said Paul Black, director of telecoms and media at IDC Middle East, Turkey and Africa.
Apple and its primary smartphone competitor, Google, have saturated the United States and Western Europe with their devices, leaving markets such as the Middle East, China and India as some of the prime places to grow.
Apple already boasts strong brand awareness in the Middle East, particularly among high-end consumers, analysts said. The opening of two retail stores in the UAE in October whipped fans into a frenzy, local media reported.
Smartphone shipments in the Middle East and Africa climbed 66 percent in the first quarter of 2015 and are expected to reach 155 million units for the year, according to IDC.
However, much of the growth has been driven by users buying phones for less than $200, a price where Google's Android operating system is dominant. Apple's share of the market stands at 17 percent in the Middle East, compared with Android's 80 percent, IDC found.
The availability of Siri in Arabic may make some consumers more receptive to Apple software, said Ken Singer, managing director of the Center for Entrepreneurship and Technology at UC Berkeley.
"These devices are incredibly personal," said Singer, who has counseled entrepreneurs in the Middle East. "(Consumers) are going to want to feel like the device is designed for them."
Apple has steadily broadened Siri's reach since the first edition was released in 2011, and the digital assistant now supports 18 languages spoken in 31 countries.
Arabic speakers outside Saudi Arabia and the UAE will be able to use Siri, though it will not be tailored to their dialect.
Arabic has been a challenging language for tech companies, with strong regional variations. "Siri has her work cut out for her," said Singer. (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Stephen R. Trousdale and Bill Rigby)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
THE Federal Government is likely to produce a Budget deficit of about $20 billion this financial year on the back of declining company tax revenues, according to new analysis.
The projection by the chief economist of the Australian arm of British bank Barclays, Kieran Davies, is double most expectations, but would be better than the $43.7 billion deficit in 2011/12.
"The Government has been successful in containing spending, although the problem is that revenue has also been weak," Mr Davies said in his analysis released today.
While personal income tax and other forms of revenue had grown solidly - by eight and 14 per cent respectively - during 2012/13, company tax had declined by 22 per cent.
This was due to lower mining sector revenues, following a sharp decline in commodity export prices and subdued growth in finance sector income.
Mr Davies said the Government's dumped $1.1 billion budget surplus forecast for 2012/13 had always been too ambitious.
If it happened, it would be the largest turnaround in the budget bottom line in a single year since what he described as the "horror" Budget of 1951/52.
In that year, spending cuts and tax increases were used to combat an inflation surge caused by a massive commodities boom.
"The forecast return to surplus this year always seemed to us driven by political rather than economic considerations," Mr Davies said.
Two major and costly Government policies, the Gonski education reforms and the National Disability Insurance Scheme, are expected to be incorporated into the May 14 Budget.
Prime Minister Julia Gillard declined to comment on the Barclays forecast.
"You'll see the updated budget in two months time," she said.
Treasurer Wayne Swan last year abandoned his long-held aim of bringing the budget back to surplus in 2012/13, in the face of declining revenues.
Mr Swan told parliament yesterday a dramatic decline in the terms of trade and a stubbornly high Australian dollar had cut revenue by $6 billion since the mid-year budget review released in October.
By Joyce Chediac
Only a day after major ISIS defeats in Syria and Iraq indicated that fighting may be winding down, an extraordinary series of events raised the danger of a new war, this time against Lebanon. These events began on Nov. 4 when Saudi Arabia destabilized Lebanon's government by forcing Prime Minister Saad Hariri' to resign, and led to the Saudi government false claim on Nov. 7 that Lebanon had “declared war” on that kingdom.
Secret documents made public by Israeli TV Channel 10 indicate that this provocative war scenario was coordinated by Saudi Arabia and Israel to instigate a new Middle East war, with Lebanon the target, vilified as a proxy of Iran. This provocation follows a huge Israeli military exercise held in September simulating an invasion of Lebanon designed specifically to target the Lebanese group Hezbollah. This was Tel Aviv's largest military drill in 20 years, involving all branches of the Israeli military.
While Washington has branded the Lebanese group Hezbollah “terrorist,” progressives in the Middle East see the group as a defender of Lebanese sovereignty. Twice, in 2000 and 2006, it kicked Israeli troops out of Lebanon. Hezbollah has fought alongside the Syrian government not only to prevent the dismemberment of this neighboring Arab country, but also to prevent ISIS from invading Lebanon and terrorizing the people there. Iran, also vilified by U.S. imperialism and its clients, has provided crucial political, material and military support needed to defeat ISIS.
The events are as follows:
On Nov. 3, the last ISIS strongholds in Iraq and Syria fell. Both Saudi Arabia and Israel seek to dismember Syria, and have assisted ISIS.
In a measure never seen before in the international arena, on Nov. 4 under orders from the Saudi regime, Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri announced from Saudi Arabia on Saudi TV his resignation as PM. He assailed Iran for interfering in Lebanon, and claimed that Hezbollah was trying to assassinate him.
Hours later, Ryadh said it intercepted a Yemeni-fired missile over its capital. For years the Saudi regime, armed by the U.S., has been bombarding the people of Yemen, indiscriminately killing civilians.
While the Yemenis say the missile they fired was made in Yemen, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel bin Ahmed claimed, “It was an Iranian missile, launched by Hezbollah,” and constituted “act of war by Iran.”
On Nov. 7, the Saudis, furthered the escalation, and accused Lebanon of “declaring war” against it.
At the same time, in a bid to consolidate power, the Saudi regime arrested hundreds inside the kingdom on charges of corruption, including some of the country's most high-profile princes and businessmen.
Leaked cable shows Saudi-Israeli coordination
The corporate media has long given the impression that Israel and Saudi Arabia are on opposite sides. That is for public consumption. Both regimes are propped up and armed by Washington so that they can slam liberation struggles and independent governments in the Middle East and keep this oil rich area “safe” for Exxon Mobil and JP Morgan Chase & Co.
Now there is a smoking gun showing that Israel and Saudi Arabia are working together to bring war to Lebanon.
On Nov. 7, Israeli Channel 10 news published a leaked diplomatic cable sent to all Israeli ambassadors throughout the world concerning the above events. The classified embassy cable, written in Hebrew, shows that Tel Aviv and Riyad are deliberately coordinating to escalate the situation in the Middle East. These documents provide the first proof of direct collaboration between these two U.S. clients.
The cable was leaked by Barak Ravid, senior diplomatic correspondent for Channel 10 News. The communiqué, he said, was sent from the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Jerusalem on Nov. 6 to all Israeli embassies. It instructed Israeli diplomats to to do everything possible to rev up diplomatic pressure against Hezbollah and Iran. The communication urged support for Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen, and for Israeli diplomats to appeal to the “highest officials” in their host countries to expel Hezbollah from Lebanese government and politics,” according to zerohedge.com.
Resignation leaves Lebanon vulnerable to attack
In Lebanon, Hariri's resignation is seen as having been forced by the Saudis in order to destabilize the Lebanese government, foment discord and leave Lebanon vulnerable to Israeli attack. Many have pointed out that the resignation statement was written in a style used by the Saudis. The resignation shocked even Hariri's closest aides. The Lebanese army denied any assassination threat.
Lebanon's unwieldy political system is easily destabilized. Put together by the French colonizers in 1925, it mandates that government posts, and parliamentary apportionment, be based upon the country's different religious groupings. The current government, with Hariri as MP, and Hezbollah's Michel Aoun as president, took office last year. It ended years of government deadlock, and last month it produced Lebanon's first budget since 2005.
Hariri, who has dual Saudi-Lebanese citizenship and financial interest in Saudi Arabia, is regarded as “the Saudi's man” in Lebanon. The irony of a Lebanese PM railing against Iran for interfering in Lebanon's affairs when he just resigned in Saudi Arabia on Saudi TV reading a Saudi-written statement has not been lost on anyone.
Lebanon's President Michel Aoun has announced that he will not decide whether to accept or reject the resignation of Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri until Hariri returns to Lebanon to explain his reasons. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah has called on the people of Lebanon to remain calm.
Why is Hezbollah being targeted?
Israel, which shares a border with Lebanon, has long wanted to contain Lebanese sovereignty and even to annex its territory. The Israeli military bombed southern Lebanon for decades from land, sea and air. In 1982 a massive Israeli invasion killed tens of thousands of Lebanese civilians, while Israeli troops occupied southern Lebanon for 18 years. In 2006 Israel bombs targeted Lebanon's civilian infrastructure and fighter planes peppered the south with a million cluster bombs that still kill and maim.
Israel seeks to destroy Hezbollah because it is a formidable fighting force, and the only group that prevents Israel from doing as it wills in Lebanon. Hezbollah fighters and their allies kicked Israeli troops out of Lebanon in 2000, ending the 18-year occupation, and repelled an Israeli ground invasion of Lebanon in 2006, forcing it to retreat.
This week's dangerous and provocative developments seek to counter the defeat of ISIS in Syria and Iraq with war in Lebanon. Whether imperialism and its agents will be able to do this, however, is far from certain. The beleaguered people of the Middle East have been inspired by the victories against ISIS, and remain determined to fight for their rights.
BERLIN — Germany is renowned for fighting inflation, but the battle extends beyond money and into the realm of names. In a split decision on Tuesday, the German Constitutional Court upheld a ban on married people combining already-hyphenated names, forbidding last names of three parts or more.
It was not the first time the court was forced to weigh in on the subject of names, which are regulated start to finish, fore to family, here in Germany. This time, it was a Munich couple who decided to challenge the constitutionality of a 1993 rule limiting the names of married people to a single hyphen and two last names.
Frieda Rosemarie Thalheim, a Munich dentist, wanted to take the last name of her husband, Hans Peter Kunz-Hallstein, to become Frieda Rosemarie Thalheim-Kunz-Hallstein. The case brought Germany's minister of justice before the court in Karlsruhe for oral arguments in February to defend the ban on what the Germans call “chain names.”
By a vote of five to three, the court refused to budge, ruling that ballooning names “would quickly lose the effectiveness of their identifying purpose,” and declined to overturn the law on the grounds that it infringed on personal expression.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a telephone interview, the couple's lawyer, Rüdiger Zuck, said his clients had no comment on the ruling, but added, with what sounded distinctly like a note of resignation, “The Germans are old-fashioned.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Germany takes a highly regimented approach to naming. Children's names must be approved by local authorities, and there is a reference work, the International Handbook of Forenames, to guide them. Jürgen Udolph, a University of Leipzig professor and head of the information center there that provides certificates of approval for names that have not yet made the official list, said that “the state has a responsibility to protect people from idiotic forenames.”
That responsibility is often tested in court. In 2003, an appellate court ruled that a boy could not be named “Anderson,” because it was a last name in Germany. And the Constitutional Court ruled in 2004 to limit the number of forenames a child could have, capping at five the number a mother could give her son, to whom she had tried to bequeath the 12-part “Chenekwahow Tecumseh Migiskau Kioma Ernesto Inti Prithibi Pathar Chajara Majim Henriko Alessandro,” to protect the child.
­ ­Gasoline is known as an aliphatic hydrocarbon. In other words, gasoline is made up of molecules composed of nothing but hydrogen and carbon arranged in chains. Gasoline molecules have from seven to 11 carbons in each chain. Here are some common configurations:
H H H H H H H | | | | | | | H-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-H Heptane | | | | | | | H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H | | | | | | | | H-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-H Octane | | | | | | | | H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H | | | | | | | | | H-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-H Nonane | | | | | | | | | H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H | | | | | | | | | | H-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-H Decane | | | | | | | | | | H H H H H H H H H H
Typical molecules found in gasoline
When you burn gasoline under ideal conditions, with plenty of oxygen, you get carbon dioxide (from the carbon atoms in gasoline), water (from the hydrogen atoms) and lots of heat. A gallon of gasoline contains about 132x106 joules of energy, which is equivalent to 125,000 BTU or 36,650 watt-hours:
The results are in: The HPS weighed in heavier, potency was identical, but color and flavor were better from the RhinoGrow.
In part 1 of our series comparing the performance of the RhinoGrow 400 LED grow light (172 watts) to a 400-watt high pressure sodium (HPS) lamp, we described the growing space and the starved state of the test plants.
In part 2, we followed the plants from the vegetative stage of growth until they stopped growing taller (commonly referred to as the ‘stretching' stage). We noted that the HPS plant grew taller with larger leaves and more bare stem than the LED plant, which grew compact and bushy, similar to growing under sunlight or a metal halide lamp.
As the plants built their buds and ripened, not much difference between the two was observed.
Both built buds quickly and the sizes of the buds were similar. The LED plant's buds began swelling slightly later than the HPS, and the lengthy stems of the HPS plant needed support. These were the only detectable differences until about a week before harvest. That's when I asked the grower to turn off the grow lights so I could take some true-color photos. What I saw completely blew me away!
The HPS plant looked about the same under normal light (daylight fluorescent, 5000K spectrum). It was very yellow throughout the leaves with reddish areas and dark stems. The LED plant, however, was much more beautiful than I could tell from under the RhinoGrow. The leaves were almost completely purple with the same reddish areas and stems, and the buds had begun to take on a purple hue.
During the last week of ripening, the red areas on both plants deepened to a burgundy color I've rarely seen in cannabis. The buds of each also ‘purpled-up' a bit, though the HPS has only slight purple tones in the top buds. The LED plant has purple throughout most of the buds.
All in all, the HPS plant harvested 52 grams of dried buds and was 25″ tall at harvest. The LED plant harvested 42 grams (80.8% of the HPS) and was 21″ tall at harvest. The HPS plant was bushier, taking up the full 30″ x 30″ space and the LED plant was conical, taking up approximately 2′ x 2′.
The buds from both are quite potent. Great daytime bud for getting your head together, with a very uplifting and relaxing high. Both have been excellent for relieving stress and reducing anxiety, which have been plaguing me lately.
The HPS buds smell more earthy than the LED buds, though both have powerful aromas. Grind up a bowl and the whole house knows, so I'm told. The HPS plant has great flavor, but is overbearing and thick, leading to coughing fits. The flavor of the buds was much smoother from the LED plant, which has the same flavor and is much easier on the lungs. In my opinion, neither of the buds taste anything like Juicy Fruit gum. Since the plants were purchased as clones, it is possible that these plants are not the Fruity Juice that they were advertised as. This is (unfortunately) a common problem with some dispensaries in Denver right now.
Results Summary
Height: LED 21″ – HPS 25″
Width: LED 2′ x 2′, conical – HPS 30″ x 30″, bushy
Harvest Weight: LED 42 g – HPS 52 g
Potency: LED 9/10 – HPS 9/10
Appearance: LED 9/10 – HPS 7/10
Flavor: LED 8/10 – HPS 7/10
Aroma: LED 10/10 – HPS 10/10
Electricity Cost (@ $0.12/kWh): LED $18.82 – HPS $43.78
I am quite impressed with the performance of the RhinoGrow 400. While the 400 watt HPS produced about 25% more bud, it also used 130% more energy and produced bud of a slightly lower quality. This comparison did not test the usable area of the lights because of limitations on the number of test plants that could be used.
Pony Canyon announced on Wednesday that it is producing two short anime. Both shorts will be set in Saga prefecture, and will highlight the prefecture's culture. The shorts are titled "Yakusoku no Utsuwa - Arita no Hatsukoi" (The Pot of Promise - First Love in Arita), and "Fuyu no Chikai, Natsu no Matsuri - Takeoshi no Dai-Kusunoki," (The Oath of Winter, The Festival of Summer - The Great Camphor Tree of Takeoshi). Seven Arcs Pictures is animating both shorts.
"Yakusoku no Utsuwa - Arita no Hatsukoi" will be set in the town of Arita, and will be a youth story highlighting the scenery of Arita. It will star Hiro Shimono in the role of Jun Uchiyama, and Saori Hayami in the role of Nao Akiyama.
"Fuyu no Chikai, Natsu no Matsuri - Takeoshi no Dai-Kusunoki" is set in the city of Takeoshi, and will center on two characters, a boy and a girl, who grow up watched over by a large camphor tree that endures the time and seasons. It will star Nao Tōyama as Rinko Yamaguchi, and Nobunaga Shimazaki as Sōta.
The shorts will debut on March 12 in different locations. "Yakusoku no Utsuwa - Arita no Hatsukoi" will screen in the Kyushu Ceramic Museum, while "Fuyu no Chikai, Natsu no Matsuri - Takeoshi no Dai-Kusunoki" will screen in the Saga Prefectural Space and Science Museum. Saga-born anime director Junji Nishimura will give a talk on the first day screening at the latter location. Both shorts will be shown for free.
Source: MoCa News
During writing up the first of my animal patterns it's been hard to know just how much detail to go into. I didn't want the patterns to only cover the written knitting instructions with a few lines about assembling the toy almost as an afterthought. Instead I wanted them to include as much detail of the finishing process as possible because I think that is a hugely important part of making them. But there is a limit to what you can pack in to a pattern and so I thought I'd write up some extra notes here on the blog that can be referred to if needed. These extra posts will be categorised under 'knitting tips' and the first of these 'knitting tips' posts is about Fair Isle/stranded colourwork knitting.
Through chatting with knitting friends it seems that stranded knitting is generally thought to be quite difficult. It really isn't though. It is a little bit fiddly and takes a little patience and practice getting right but it is perfectly achievable for anyone who can already knit and purl.
There are tons of instructions, diagrams and videos out there on the internet and plenty of books published on the subject and I'm not intending to cover every conceivable aspect of Fair Isle. Instead I'd like to write up notes on the way that I work stranded / Fair Isle and some tips I've learnt along the way to iron out some of the difficulties that are commonly experienced.
It is worth pointing out that I knit English style, with both colours in my right hand, so my notes below are written for that way of working. If you knit continental style with a colour in either hand then check out this video or try a search on YouTube as there are lots of other good ones.
Colour dominance:
When you knit a design with two colours you are constantly switching between them and it is really important to be consistent with the order in which you use them. By this I mean which yarn is stranded over the top of the other at the back of the work when it is not the colour being knitted with at the time.
It is generally accepted that the yarn stranded beneath will be the more dominant colour in the design.
For example, the two samples below are knitted in the same colours and to the same pattern. The only difference is that in sample A the cream yarn is stranded below the red yarn and in sample B the red yarn is stranded below the cream.
Because of this difference I usually strand the accent colour below the main background colour (as in sample B above). You can choose either way but the most important thing is to be consistent if you want your finished piece to look neat and even.
There is a lovely post here about the perils of ignoring yarn dominance!
Catching up the yarn at the back of the work:
When there are gaps between sections of a pattern worked in the same colour the strands of un-worked yarn that travel across the back of the work are called floats.
It is generally suggested that floats should not strand across more than 7 stitches but my preference is for no more than 4 stitches. If I have to strand yarn across 5 or more stitches I always catch up my floats and usually in the centre of the span.
Lots of people only catch up their floats with a single wrap but I have found that my knitting looks much neater with a double catch up.
How to do double catch ups:
In this sample the darker pink is the main colour and the lighter pink is the accent colour.
Here I need to strand the accent yarn that I'm using for polka-dots across the back of 6 stitches of the main colour. Because it is the accent colour I am stranding it below the main colour (see above note on colour dominance).
To catch up a long float first bring the accent colour from underneath the main colour.
Then work the next stitch with the main colour, so catching the un-worked accent yarn up with the loop between the stitches worked in the main colour. Then take the accent colour over the top of the main colour before working the next stitch, so catching the un-worked accent yarn a second time in a downwards direction.
At this point it is good practice to gently tighten the main colour stitch you've just worked as it can become a little loose with the extra yarn caught through it. It is important not to tighten the accent colour strand as this will cause the work to pucker and become uneven. Keep the strands of accent colour caught up at the back loose enough to stretch with the work.
Here's how it looks from the back. You can see the floats of accent yarn are caught up each time by two loops of the main colour yarn.
This technique can be used on both a knit or purl row.
Other rules that I always apply to fair-isle/stranded colourwork
Try not to catch up your floats in exactly the same place on consecutive rows as this can lead to banding on the front of the work.
Always take any strands of un-worked colours right to the end of each row and catch them up on the edge by twisting them with the yarn currently being used. If you don't do this you will end up with gaps in your knitting where the stranded yarn pulls at the fabric.
If you are working sections of a pattern that don't include one of the colours, run this un-worked colour up the side of the work by twisting it with the main colour at the end of rows rather than cutting and re-attaching it each time it is needed.
If you are mattress seaming your piece try to sew through the strands of both yarns when they are both present on the same row rather than just the main colour as this will give a much neater and more robust seam.
You can mix different brands of yarn but stick to the same weight category and yarn composition - for instance don't use a 4ply cotton yarn with a 4ply wool yarn as they will have different stretching properties.
These notes are not intended as an exhaustive guide but just a mention of the techniques that I like to use. A search on Google or YouTube will give you many more tips and techniques if you want to know more.
If you have an aspect of knitting that you'd like me to write about in more detail please let me know and I'll do my best to help.
Thanks x
Lord, protect me from the attentions of well-meaning white women.
Yesterday afternoon, I watched with some satisfaction as talented Daily Show Correspondent/Comedian/It Girl Jessica Williams dressed down "The Billfold" writer Esther Bloom for her recklessly-delivered reactions to Williams' admission that she doesn't feel qualified to host the soon-to-be vacated The Daily Show.
@shorterstory @TheBillfold Because you have personally decided, that I DON'T know myself- as a WOMAN you are saying that I need to lean in.
— Jessica R. Williams (@msjwilly) February 17, 2015
There's no doubt that Bloom meant to be encouraging, but her comments were less constructive criticism, more boiling cauldron of feminist theory, casual racism, and misplaced causation. Feminists may complain about mansplaining, but feminists of color regularly contend with whitesplaining, often in the form of the unwarranted advice that doesn't fit a certain situation. And we're sick of it.(Which is probably part of the reason that Jessica Williams's tweets are still being passed around some 24 hours later.)
Advertisement
Last week, Forbes contributor Ruchika Tulshyan outlined the issues women of color face at work when we try to speak up:
Black women face “the angry black woman” stereotype, leading many women to self-silence to avoid coming off as intimidating or combative
Asian American women battle images of submissiveness while being both praised and penalized for raising their voices
Latina women are often stereotyped along existing pop cultural lines and are often assumed to be non-native speakers of English
Advertisement
The exhortation to simply "Lean In" misses the point - women of color are constantly playing a game of double dutch in professional spaces, and leaning in without looking around is a good way to get hit with the rope.
I know of what she speaks: The feminist sisterhood has attempted to whitesplain me as well. The first time was six years ago, during a training at the Women's Media Center when a white woman asked me what I did for a living. After I began to tell her about Racialicious, the small blog on race and culture I oversaw, she cut me off.
Advertisement
“See, this is what I hate about women - we never play big,” she announced, before launching into all the reasons I should feel proud of myself and emphasize my achievements.
I get that women have a tendency to minimize their accomplishments. I get that this is a problem. But I also get that there is a certain order to the media landscape and ecosystem. Yes, the work we were doing at Racialicious was vital and important, but the ways in which our tiny labor of love operated were laughably different than that of Jezebel, which I was writing for just as it was hitting a peak as *the* female-focused website in the United States. (It was even featured on the television show Gossip Girl.) I had never felt so thoroughly condescended towards in the name of feminism than when some woman attempted to “uplift” me when I was actually good, thanks.
Impostor syndrome is a real thing, but it isn't something that lends itself to the wave of an arm, a pat on the back or an armchair diagnosis. Raise your hand if you ever realized (with either horror or a strange sense of freedom) that you did not want your boss's job. From where I sit, the open seat at the Daily Show desk is one of the most frightening jobs in media to fill right now: The next host will serve as the main face, anchor, and brand of an immensely popular show and have to maintain or exceed the previous host's ratings while also trying to woo the audience to accept his or her vision of the show. That opportunity (and that paycheck!) is the epitome of heavy lifting - a golden opportunity that could also easily become a pair of golden handcuffs.
Advertisement
Jessica Williams is killing it right now - she doesn't need advice from randos on the internet. And this kind of well-intentioned, misguided advice can be disastrous for women of color. There are huge differences between glass ceilings (a term where women can see the top but can't break through), concrete ceilings (where women of color can't even see a path to the executive suite), and glass cliffs (where women and people of color are often brought in to rescue a failing enterprise). I have no idea what Jessica Williams' day is like - but I have been on the end of the particular mix of racialized and gendered hubris that leads white women who know nothing about me to inform me of solutions to problems I don't actually have.
Part of this is cultural - almost every black woman I know put their hands up at that moment in the third season of Scandal where Oliva Pope's father Rowan hollers at her in an airplane hangar, "You have to be WHAT?"
How can we make white women understand a concept like “twice as good?” How do we make white women understand that they, too, are the "them" Rowan warned Olivia about? All women are equal, but some women are more equal than others.
Advertisement
Our lived experiences as women may have some notes of similarity, but race makes the realities too different to apply a one-size-fits-all solution. And that's something white women are going to have to understand, instead indulging in advice drive-bys in the name of “the sisterhood.”
Commercial street advertising will be banned in Grenoble to make way for trees and community noticeboards, the eastern French city's new Green mayor announced Sunday.
"The municipality is taking the choice of freeing public space in Grenoble from advertising to develop areas for public expression," the office of Eric Piolle, of the French Greens, said.
Between January and April, 326 advertising signs, including 64 billboards, will be taken down and the city's outdoor advertising contract will be cancelled.
In place of the hoardings, "about 50 young trees will be planted before spring", the mayor's office said.
Starting in January, officials will offer local cultural and social groups free advertising space. The new signs will be smaller and aimed "not only at drivers, but also pedestrians", said Lucille Lheureux, deputy in charge of public spaces for the city.
There is a dispute over how much the greening of Grenoble's streets and cancelling of the old advertising contract will cost the city.
The mayor's office said the city used to pull in 600,000 euros a year selling advertising space, but that this figure had been expected to drop to 150,000 euros in the new year due the wider slump in advertising rates.
Short link:
Ninja are falling back into the shadows, much to the concern of officials in Aichi Prefecture. The government was attempting to put together an "Ieyasu Tokugawa and Hattori Hanzō Ninja Team," but found applicants in short supply. Officials were surprised to say the least, last year they were flooded with applicants. This year the numbers dwindled to only 10, including two from overseas, since applications opened on February 15.
Aichi prefecture began hiring ninja in the summer of 2015 to draw and entertain tourists. The team performs acrobatic shows at landmarks like Nagoya Castle and the Chūbu Airport and interacting with visitors.
The prefecture credits foreign media for spreading the word about the ninja job openings last year. Overall 200 individuals applied from 40 different countries, including 35 applicants from within Japan. Ninja are paid as much as 180,000 yen (US$1,611) per month.
The lack of interest could be due to stricter requirements this year. The job previously drew plenty of overseas applicants but this year Aichi is requiring Japanese language proficiency. Officials are feeling the push to fill the ninja niche as more tourists come to Japan. They already operate another team based on Sengoku-era warlords but ninja are more easily recognizable to foreign tourists.
Nagoya previously hired ninja to teach elementary school kids the ways of ninjutsu. Transportation company Fuji Kyuko opened its "Oshino Shinobi" village in Yamanashi prefecture in 2015 and the Tokyo Government opened its "Ninja Trick House" amusement park in Shinjuku the following year. Restaurants and bars with ninja themes are also very successful.
Source: Haruko Hara at Asahi Shimbun, Image via Ieyasu Tokugawa and Hattori Hanzō Ninja Team Twitter
BAGHDAD/FALLUJA (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi officials said on Friday they could not confirm a report by an Iraqi TV channel that Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi had been wounded in an air strike in northern Iraq.
A man purported to be the reclusive leader of the militant Islamic State Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has made what would be his first public appearance at a mosque in the centre of Iraq's second city, Mosul, according to a video recording posted on the Internet on July 5, 2014, in this still image taken from video. REUTERS/Social Media Website via Reuters TV
A spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting the radical Islamist militants, Colonel Chris Garver, said in an email that he had seen the reports but had “nothing to confirm this at this time”.
Brett McGurk, the U.S. envoy to the coalition, told a daily briefing at the White House in Washington that there was no reason to believe that Baghdadi was not alive “even though we haven't heard of him since late last year.”
“We presume that he's still alive,” he added. “It's really a matter of time for him.”
Kurdish and Arab security officials in northern Iraq said they also could not confirm the report.
Al Sumariya TV cited a local source in the northern province of Nineveh saying that Baghdadi and other Islamic State leaders were wounded on Thursday in a coalition air strike on one of the group's command headquarters close to the Syrian border.
The channel has good connections with Shi'ite politicians and Iraqi forces engaged in the battle against Islamic State.
There have been several reports in the past that Baghdadi, whose real name is Ibrahim al-Samarrai, was killed or wounded after proclaiming himself caliph of all Muslims two years ago.
In the last audio message, posted at the end of December on Twitter accounts that had published Islamic State statements previously, Baghdadi said the air strikes carried out by Russia and the U.S.-led coalition had failed to weaken the group.
The ultra-hardline Sunni group is under increased pressure in both Iraq and Syria, and the territory under its control has shrunk significantly since 2014, limiting the potential for its leaders to move around or seek shelter.
The U.S. earlier this year announced an intensification of the war on Islamic State with more air strikes and more American troops on the ground to advise and assist allied forces.
The U.S.-led coalition has regularly flown raids out of Erbil, the capital of Iraq's Kurdistan region, in operations aimed at killing and capturing Islamic State leaders.
A Kurdish intelligence official and an Arab from the Baaj area west of Mosul said the U.S.-led coalition had conducted such a raid there earlier this week. The coalition did not confirm this raid.
Kurdish Peshmerga forces are positioned in an arc around the north and east of Mosul while the Iraqi army is trying to capture Falluja, 50 km (30 miles) west of Baghdad.
The army's elite Counterterrorism Service was battling on Friday in al-Shuhada, a southern district of Falluja, a Reuters photographer reported from the scene.
Loud explosions and bursts of gunfire were heard from the district, while aircraft believed to belong to the U.S.-led coalition flew overhead.
Al-Shuhada marks the first advance of the army inside the built-up area of Falluja, after two weeks of fighting on the outskirts to complete the encirclement of the city.
The encirclement was completed with help from Iran-backed Shi'ite militias. They deployed behind the army's lines and did not take part directly in the assault on the city to avoid inflaming sectarian feelings.
A government official said Islamic State militants are putting up a tough fight defending the city that stands as a symbol of the Sunni insurgency that followed the U.S. occupation of Iraq, in 2003.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the troops are progressing cautiously in order to protect tens of thousands of civilians trapped in Falluja.
The United Nations says 90,000 civilians may have remained in Falluja, under “harrowing” conditions with little access to food, water and healthcare, and no safe exit routes.
The insurgents have dug a network of tunnels to move around without being detected and planted thousands of mines and explosive devices to delay the army's advance.
Slideshow (14 Images)
Finance Minister Hoshiyar Zebari said a week ago that the battle of Falluja “will take time”.
The Iraqi army is also massing tanks and troops south of Mosul, in preparation for an offensive planned later this year to retake the largest city under the control of the militants.
In Syria, Russian- and Iranian-backed Syrian government forces and U.S.-backed Syrian opposition and Kurds are separately trying to advance on Raqqa, the group's capital in Syria.
It wasn't long ago that north-metro residents were envisioning the winter/spring of 2018 as a time they could hop on a commuter train at 104th, 112th or 124th avenues and ride into Denver unburdened by their cars.
Those people might now want to invest in snow tires.
The train isn't coming early next year. It may not even come early the year after that.
The Regional Transportation District is looking at an estimated 18-month construction delay for the North Metro Rail Line, officials say. The first phase of the project, including six of eight planned stations, was originally scheduled to open in the first quarter of 2018. The delay puts the opening in late 2019, though RTD officials will not commit to that time frame and have vowed to make up the time as best they can.
“We're not close enough to be able to provide a project timeline or completion date at this point,” RTD spokesman Nate Currey said, “but we are working diligently because we know people up north are super anxious to see this open.”
The N-Line delay is the latest setback for RTD as it seeks to finish the funded portions of its FasTracks rail system. The University of Colorado A-Line train to the airport has been plagued by persistent software issues at its crossings that have required millions of dollars in extra staff time as federally mandated flaggers work road crossings along the route.
The opening of the G-line to Wheat Ridge, originally set for last fall, has been delayed by similar issues, although federal regulators have approved final testing on it. The agency proposed service cuts on the R-Line through Aurora because of low ridership. In a bit of good news, RTD recently announced crossing attendants on the B-Line to Westminster's single road crossing will soon be dismissed after federal approval.
The delay up north stems from a variety of complications in designing and building the 12.5 miles of track that will eventually carry electric, heavy-rail trains from Denver's Union Station north to East 124th and Eastlake avenues in Thornton. RTD's design-build contractor on the project is Regional Rail Partners.
The project is snagged over how it will impact the historic Riverside Cemetery at 5201 Brighton Blvd. RTD has proposed closing the cemetery's existing entrance on Brighton and placing a new entrance off of Race Court.
A Colorado Public Utilities Commission administrative judge ruled this summer that permanently closing and moving the entrance would promote public safety at a crossing that would see more than 80 trains a day. Now, RTD is working with the Army Corps of Engineers on ways it can minimize or avoid impacts on the cemetery in accordance with the National Historic Preservation Act.
Cemetery officials say they want to keep the entrance as it is.
Meanwhile, RTD is building a nearly 2-mile-long bridge to carry the single-track line over York Street, existing rail road tracks and Interstate 270 in Commerce City. The so-called Skyway bridge also passes over a portion of the Suncor oil refinery.
But the U.S. Department of Homeland Security has deemed the refinery as important strategically, RTD's Currey said, and mandated the agency add blinders on portions of the bridge so passengers can't see down into the facility.
“It's really long, it's really high and it goes through some sensitive areas,” Currey said of the complicated bridge.
While RTD works to navigate the situation, north-metro leaders are working to remain patient.
Thornton Mayor Heidi Williams said her city has sped up work on public improvements and roadway projects to make way for the incoming train.
Financial problems constrained the scope of the FasTracks plan after the Great Recession — the Boulder line won't be funded until at least 2040 — so RTD scaled back the N-Line, planning to end it at the National Western Complex in Denver. RTD received an unsolicited proposal in 2013 that convinced the agency that it could build north to 124th Avenue, although two further stops remain unfunded.
Williams said she is grateful that train service is coming to Thornton. Still, a delay with no end in sight is hard to swallow.
“We'd love to hear they've found a miracle, but we're not going to count on that,” Williams said. “Hopefully, it's still 2019. They haven't told us.”
Commerce City Mayor Sean Ford said he is frustrated by the delay. His city will host a station at East 72nd Avenue and Colorado Boulevard. He noted that the economy is booming now and incoming mass transit infrastructure has the ability to attract major development. The prospects of such development lessen, though, when municipalities can't give developers and employers clear answers on when that infrastructure might be put to use. He said it would help if RTD could provide a date certain when service will begin.
“I absolutely in no way want to bad-mouth RTD,” Ford said. “I want to encourage them … to find meaningful solutions and have some hard-set dates to be able to convey to our public. We can use that to benefit from economic development opportunities and also to be transparent and have a clear finish line for the people who want to do business here.”
3 September 2000 | Anonymous_Maxine
8 | Jim Carrey is back in yet another great comedy, although it doesn't quite live up to the spectacular Dumb & Dumber.
Liar Liar is about a boy who, after being stood up by his big-shot lawyer father one too many times, wishes that for just one day his dad couldn't lie. This wreaks havoc on his personal life and even more on his professional life as a lawyer who makes a living putting criminals back on the streets.
Carrey is immediately and constantly hilarious in his role as the unwillfully honest Fletcher Reede. Every scene is full of awkwardly straightforward behavior and dialogue ("Whatever takes the focus off your head!) that is funny because it is so unusual and unexpected. Maura Tierney delivers one of the best performances of her career (second only to her wonderful job in Primal Fear), but Cary Elwes plays a disappointing turn from his amazing job in The Princess Bride. Seeing him as the endlessly charming Wesley in that film and then seeing him as a squirrely step-father type in Liar Liar just didn't seem to fit, but the film was able to overcome such small problems and present itself as a good and entertaining comedy.
In addition to the good comedy that Liar Liar presented, there were strange comedic scenes that Carrey had never done before. For example, I have never seen him portray a descent into madness as was shown with the blue pen, and it should be noted how well this funny man played the part of a man trying very hard not to be funny, with hilarious results. This is a bit like his role in Man on the Moon where he was a comedian playing a comedian who was often deliberately not funny, and the results there were hilarious as well. Jim Carrey's great comedy acting skills were a crucial element of this film, but they are not the only redeeming value of the movie itself. The story is solid and legitimate as well, and it is well-presented and directed, resulting in a good, fun comedy.
Have You Heard? Some Gossip Can Be Good for Groups
A study of gossip has found that it can have positive effects on group behaviour, including encouraging cooperation and deterring selfishness.
Some gossip, researchers find, can help protect against the exploitation of nice people and promote the ostracism of bullies.
The findings come from a new study by Feinberg et al. (2014) who had 216 participants playing a game in groups which involved financial choices.
The game is set up so that people are supposed to work cooperatively with each other, but they can benefit from it by being selfish.
Except in this study, between rounds people changed groups and were allowed to gossip about people in the last group.
This meant that if people were selfish, their reputation got passed on to others and they ended up being ostracised.
With the more selfish people excluded from the game, the groups were able to perform better.
The study's lead author, Matthew Feinberg, explained:
“Groups that allow their members to gossip sustain cooperation and deter selfishness better than those that don't. And groups do even better if they can gossip and ostracize untrustworthy members. While both of these behaviors can be misused, our findings suggest that they also serve very important functions for groups and society.”
Those who decided to be more selfish, however, often learned from their mistakes after they were ostracised. The threat served to improve their behaviour.
Co-author Rob Willer explained:
“Those who do not reform their behavior, behaving selfishly despite the risk of gossip and ostracism, tended to be targeted by other group members who took pains to tell future group members about the person's untrustworthy behavior. These future groups could then detect and exclude more selfish individuals, ensuring they could avoid being taken advantage of.”
This study backs up previous findings which have shown that people are more generous when they know others may talk about their reputation.
Of course not all gossip serves such benevolent purposes–a lot of it is just pernicious.
But along with the irrelevant or damaging information can come crucial indicators about other people's reputation. Often this sort of informal word would be difficult to get by other means.
Gossiping is good for you
Not only that, but passing on gossip can actually be therapeutic.
A previous study by Feinberg et al. (2012) found that people felt better after passing on information about other people's antisocial behaviour.
Matthew Feinberg said:
“Spreading information about the person whom they had seen behave badly tended to make people feel better, quieting the frustration that drove their gossip.”
Image credit: jamacab
The incidence of autoimmune and inflammatory diseases has risen dramatically in post-industrial societies. “Biome depletion” – loss of commensal microbial and multicellular organisms such as helminths (intestinal worms) that profoundly modulate the immune system – may contribute to these increases. Hyperimmune-associated disorders also affect the brain, especially neurodevelopment, and increasing evidence links early-life infection to cognitive and neurodevelopmental disorders. We have demonstrated previously that rats infected with bacteria as newborns display life-long vulnerabilities to cognitive dysfunction, a vulnerability that is specifically linked to long-term hypersensitivity of microglial cell function, the resident immune cells of the brain. Here, we demonstrate that helminth colonization of pregnant dams attenuated the exaggerated brain cytokine response of their offspring to bacterial infection, and that combined with post-weaning colonization of offspring with helminths (consistent with their mothers treatment) completely prevented enduring microglial sensitization and cognitive dysfunction in adulthood. Importantly, helminths had no overt impact on adaptive immune cell subsets, whereas exaggerated innate inflammatory responses in splenic macrophages were prevented. Finally, helminths altered the effect of neonatal infection on the gut microbiome; neonatal infection with Escherichia coli caused a shift from genera within the Actinobacteria and Tenericutes phyla to genera in the Bacteroidetes phylum in rats not colonized with helminths, but helminths attenuated this effect. In sum, these data point toward an inter-relatedness of various components of the biome, and suggest potential mechanisms by which this helminth might exert therapeutic benefits in the treatment of neuroinflammatory and cognitive disorders.
On this Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump takes a telephone call in the Oval Office with a portrait of former President Andrew Jackson behind him. | Alex Brandon / AP
On Wednesday April 26, the Trump administration made good on its threat to set up a system whereby the public can get help in identifying undocumented immigrants who have committed crimes against them. The rollout of the program was announced by Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, who, without citing evidence, claimed that persons victimized by undocumented criminals have “often” been ignored.
The program consists of a database and a public hotline, both contained within the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) office of Homeland Security, plus a small counselling staff. Supposedly, victims of crimes committed by immigrants being held in custody by the government can use a part of the new system, the DHS-VINE website, to track the progress of immigrants' court cases and removal proceedings.
The new entity is called the “Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement,” or VOICE. The new office was immediately bombarded by calls from people complaining about aliens from outer space. It was a humorous response to a ridiculous program, but the government's action is in fact extremely serious and ominous.
Immediately, there was a strong negative reaction from organizations and activists who are familiar with the immigration issue. The new program is seen as a dangerous attempt to whip up public feeling against mostly minority undocumented immigrants, and to provide “alternative facts” to the strong evidence that immigrants, including undocumented ones, are less likely to commit violent or property crimes than are U.S.-born citizens.
The new office is also intended to counter the tendency of public opinion in the United States to sympathize with the situation of non-criminal undocumented immigrants, and to favor immigration reform that would allow many of them to legalize their situation. In particular, VOICE may be part of the Trump administration's campaign against “sanctuary cities” which limit their police forces' cooperation with federal immigration agents.
Salvador Sarmiento, National Campaign Coordinator of the National Day Laborer Organizing Network (NDLON), put his finger on the racist essence of what he calls the “Trump-Sessions agenda.”
“The goal of this program is to instill fear of non-white immigrants,” he said. “It is another deliberate step taken by the Trump administration towards creating institutions that legitimize racist propaganda.”
Others pointed out that the database, as originally released, contains the names of children as young as three-years-old, as well as people in detention while their petitions for political asylum are being processed by the government.
All along, the Trump administration, following the example of the right-wing, anti-immigrant organizations founded by Michigan Ophthalmologist John Tanton, has tried to make the case that immigrants from Latin America, the Caribbean, and the Middle East represent a looming menace to the U.S. public.
The typical stunt has been to selectively highlight specific shocking or gruesome crimes committed or alleged to have been committed by immigrants, and parade the victims or their survivors in public events, such as Trump's speech to both houses of Congress on March 28. People victimized by persons other than immigrants are not paraded about in this exploitative fashion.
Creating the VOICE office is an escalation of this deceptive tactic. Why deceptive? Consider a few examples of how such an approach has led to serious abuses in the past, or might have.
A while ago, a humorous website, “News of the Weird,” gave us a good example of how this sort of thing can be abused. The site pointed out what seemed to be an extreme tendency for criminals in the United States to bear the middle name Wayne. The list of depraved people with the middle name Wayne that the website put together seems eerily impressive indeed, until one realizes that one could create a much longer list of depraved reprobates who bear the first name John. Or Edward. Or, perhaps, Donald.
But such lists are meaningless and subject to deceptive misuse unless one could somehow prove that the number of people with the middle name Wayne who commit crimes is proportionally greater than the occurrence of this middle name in the overall population.
This kind of mistake, if it is a mistake, has been made by serious criminologists in the past. The most glaring example is the supposed founder of modern criminology, the Italian Cesare Lombroso (1835 -1909). Lombroso, whose racist beliefs were pretty blatant, concluded that there are “criminal types” that can be identified by their physical appearance. Such things as sloping foreheads or extra long arms were seen by Lombroso as “atavistic” and resembling the appearance of apes and “savages.”
To Lombroso, it seemed perfectly logical that a person whose appearance was “savage” would also act like a savage: violent, impulsive, and without the moral constraints supposedly imposed by civilization. Moreover, Lombroso believed that criminal tendencies were inherited.
In his publications, Lombroso provided many photographs and drawings of what he considered criminal types. Looking at them today, one sees portraits not of “criminal types” but of poor people from poor areas of Italy in the late 19th century. They don't look too happy in the pictures, but that may be because a large proportion of these illustrations are probably police portraits of people under arrest.
In some cases, Lombroso's criteria for spotting potential criminals are easily refuted by examples of moral paragons who had the same physical “defects.” While Lombroso claimed that facial asymmetry was an indicator of a propensity toward crime, it was also a notable feature of Abraham Lincoln's visage. Left-handedness was another characteristic stigmatized by Lombroso's work, an idea which has long been discredited. Yet the association of left-handedness with moral defectiveness led to untold suffering and shame for generations of southpaws and their families.
Lombroso's theories have been long since refuted by more scientific approaches to criminology. However, they were widely believed at the time. Trump's effort, I suspect less honest than Lombroso's, to identify crime with non-white immigrants, is also readily refutable by examination of statistical evidence. But it will have, and in fact is already having, an impact on mass thinking about darker-skinned foreign-born people – as intended.
And that is really criminal.
I was out of audio, teaching and making art, for almost 12 years (20032014). During that time, on-line retailer Music Direct acquired the rights and relit the ancient Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab torch. Now both brands are burning more brightly than ever. I picked up the new ½"-thickat CES and it reminded me ever so much of an audiophile version of the soft-porn Bruce Weber created for the Abercrombie & Fitch catalog. The Music Direct catalog (#16) has Grace Slick and Janis Joplin on the cover and tons of crazy (almost-naked) gear inside! I can't stop looking.
More importantly, MoFi is now making record-playing machinesreally nice onesand cartridges too! Over decades, MoFi has re-mastered countless wonderful and popular LP recordings and pressed them on the quietest vinyl. However, stubbornly, I usually preferred the "authenticity" (warts and all) of the originalsso, I was never MoFi's biggest customer.
At CES I changed my viewpoint. MoFi's Senior Mastering Engineer, Shawn Britton, gave a little tutorial and demonstration of the exotic "one-step stamper" process. When he played Carlos Santana's Abraxas album, which had been created by this tedious, unpredictable, very-limited-edition method, I was beyond stunned. For the first time in my way long life, I felt like the music I was experiencing was more original and authentic than the original "hot-stamper" version.
Hearing this "one-step stamper" Abraxas was a paradigm shift in what I believed possible from reissues. Usually, I hate that the remastered versions of records I love no longer sound like the records I love. They are like over-restored '57 Chevys. Not this Santana. What I experienced felt and sounded like a fresh '57 Chevy (Abraxas) that had been untouched since 1957and just had 50+ years of dust and bird-droppings air-blasted and rinsed off with a pressure washer! Santana's second studio album sounded clean, clear, very open, and un-tampered with. The artistic affect of Carlos' creation was 100% intact and 100% accessible. I could feel his music like a shot to my veins. Please forgive me if I am late to the remastering prom, but now, all I want is more! Bravo MoFi!
What I am saying is: I just experienced a remastered, reissued version of a record I bought the day it came out (September 1, 1970), and it sounded more like what my memory says the album is than all the incarnations I have experienced previously. Moreover, the MoFi's people were making this happennot with a $30k+ turntablebut with a ready-to-play $1995 record player! They were playing Santana's masterpiece on the better of their two new affordably priced MoFi turntables: the "UltraDeck+" which costs only $1995, set up and ready-to-play with a pre-mounted "UltraTracker" moving-magnet cartridge. I was extremely impressed.
The main products in the new MoFi record playing line are: The StudioDeck turntable ($999) with a 10" arm, a Delrin platter, and an inverted main bearing; The Studio Deck + with a pre-mounted MoFi StudioTracker cartridge ($1149); The UltraDeck (S1799 with MoFi's special "Little Feet" and, the UltraDeck+ described above. Separately, there are three moving-magnet cartridges: The Studio Tracker with an elliptical stylus and a polymer body ($299), the UltraTracker, with a nude elliptical stylus and an aluminum body ($599), and the MasterTracker with a micro-linear stylus, aluminum body, and PCOCC coils ($899). Sign me up.
New Delhi: It seems that the loud-mouth former Press Council of India chairman and Supreme Court of India judge Markandey Katju has a say on everything.
This time, on Friday, the ex-apex court judge tweeted: “Provocative pictures are being shown on Social Media to hurt Muslim sentiments during Ramzan.”
While explaining the 'provocative pictures', Katju wrote on his Facebook page, “One such pic shows that a woman is standing on top of Kaaba, exposing her naked breasts, after casting aside her burqa.”
Provocative pictures are being shown on Social Media to hurt Muslim sentiments during Ramzan. pic.twitter.com/BMXxUWB5Jv — Markandey Katju (@mkatju) June 10, 2016
“Another shows two naked girls lying on a beach, with caption 'It is Ramzan. No bikinis please',” Katju further quoted the tweets which are doing round the corners on Twitter.
However, Katju published an advise for the Muslims asking them not to get provoked by such tweets.
"My advise to Muslims is not to get provoked, and to ignore this. This is the work of agent provocateurs. If you get provoked, and react to it, that is just what these people want, so that the matter flares up, and the communal divide gets further aggravated," Katju wrote on FB.
The Muslim holy month of Ramadan has begun across the country from Tuesday.
The worshipers are thronging in to various mosques to offer special night prayer called Traweeh, which will continue throughout the month.
Ramadan is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar. The believers observe fast and join mass prayers held at mosques across the world during the period. This annual observance is regarded as one of the five pillars of Islam.
Image copyright Peter Dench
Winding across the United Kingdom, the A1 is the longest numbered road in Britain, providing a route between the capitals of England and Scotland.
Embarking on a visual road trip, Peter Dench photographed the characters and locations he encountered as he drove the length of this road. This project was intended as an homage to Paul Graham who undertook a similar photographic expedition in 1981.
Despite the nature of the task, Dench admits, "I don't like driving cars; I don't like the smell of cars, the sound of cars, the process of refuelling cars or even talking about cars, but I do like taking journeys."
Regardless of his misgivings, he hit the asphalt with the specific aim of exploring the idea of British identity in the age of Brexit.
Dench wanted to meet the real people of the UK and says, "The A1 was to be my tendril to them, an artery that connects as much as it divides. It would provide a route of certainty in a time of tumult, through a nation on the verge."
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
The A1 begins near St Paul's in the City of London, passing the concrete blocks of the Barbican Complex. Dench captures the city workers texting in their slick suits, as others make their way through the busy city.
Further north in Holloway, he photographs young Muslims removing their shoes as they prepare to enter a mosque.
The Holloway Mosque can hold around 300 worshippers and is headed by Imam Shafiullah Patel, who advises the community to exercise their right to vote.
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
At another point on the Holloway road, Dench met Mark, a 32-year-old fruit and vegetable seller from Essex.
Mark believes that his business has suffered because of price rises in transportation and import costs as a result of Brexit.
Despite this, he remains optimistic that the business will survive until things "settle down".
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
At the Baldock Extra Motorway Services, Dench encounters Challis and her boyfriend Arnold, both dressed in camouflage tracksuits, socks and open-toe pool shoes. They are making their way north to visit family in Great Yarmouth.
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Further north he meets Matthew, the proprietor of the Rockery Centre in Bedfordshire which lies on the A1.
He is more positive about the state of business. On sale for £6,000 is a selection of animal sculptures, specially imported from Kenya. "You've got to do something different," he explains. "It's the only way to survive."
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Babs sits under the menu board in the BABS cafe by the side of the road in Blyth, Nottinghamshire.
Alongside her husband Pendleton, she has worked in this roadside cabin for 27 "long" years.
Just over a mile up the road, visitors to Flo's cafe can read complimentary copies of the Truckstop News while a cardboard cut-out of the Queen watches over.
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Not far from the A1 in West Yorkshire Norman lives in a retirement home for the over-40s. The park was originally aimed at the over-50s but, due to poor business, the proprietor painted the sign down by a decade.
One of six siblings, Norman recently lost a brother to bowel cancer, the same disease that cut short his father's life at 37. It's a disease that Norman has survived.
He attributes his own illness to habitually eating bad food at unconventional times, having worked on the railways from the age of 15.
Originally a left-leaning voter, he has been influenced over the years to vote Conservative by his wife. They are both keen to move house but are having difficulty selling up, due to the location.
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
The Angel of The North, a large public sculpture by Anthony Gormley, welcomes visitors driving into Gateshead.
Around 33 million people a year see what is believed to be the largest sculpture of an angel in the world.
One visitor takes a detour off the A1 in order to take a selfie with his daughter.
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
Dench captures a French couple, who have come via ferry to Hull, documenting their passing into Scotland.
On reaching Edinburgh, he encountered another group who have recently arrived in the UK: a family on holiday from India. They wait at the northern end of the A1, at the junction of North Bridge and Princes Street.
Looking back on his experience, Dench feels conflicted. "Driving the length of the A1, Britain doesn't seem full," he says. "At times it feels lonely. This is Britain on the verge."
Image copyright Peter Dench
Image copyright Peter Dench
All photographs copyright Peter Dench.
A1: Britain on the Verge will be on show at Project Space, Bermondsey Street, London 16-20 January 2018.
CLOSE The legalized marijuana industry is growing more than pot. Analysts say it could create over a quarter of a million jobs while other industries decline. Buzz60
State Rep. Adam Jarchow (R-Balsam Lake) speaks at a news conference Tuesday to introduce a measure that would loosen the penalties for possessing small amounts of marijuana in Wisconsin. (Photo: Cara Lombardo, Associated Press)
MADISON – A Republican and three Democrats unveiled a bill Tuesday that would decriminalize possessing small amounts of marijuana, but quickly acknowledged the bill's grim fate in a GOP-controlled Legislature.
“I'm not naive to think that we are going to probably pass this and get it signed into law," said Rep. Adam Jarchow (R-Balsam Lake), one of the bill's sponsors.
By introducing legislation that is likely to die, the lawmakers hope they can also build public support for the bill they say would save taxpayers money and keep people who commit minor offenses out of jail.
The bill would set a fine of $100 for possessing up to 10 grams of marijuana. Under current law, people found with that amount can be subjected to six months in jail and a $1,000 fine. A second possession offense can be treated as a felony.
Jarchow noted first-offense drunken driving is not a crime, but holding “a couple of joints could land you in a jail or in prison.”
The bill would also save money. Eighty people were imprisoned on possession charges in 2016, costing the state $32,000 per inmate, Jarchow said.
Twenty-one states have decriminalized possession of small amounts of marijuana, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Eight states have legalized recreational use and 29 states allow the use of marijuana for medical purposes.
Also backing the bill decriminalizing marijuana possession in Wisconsin are three Democrats — Rep. Evan Goyke of Milwaukee, Rep. Jonathan Brostoff of Milwaukee and Sen. Fred Risser of Madison.
Read or Share this story: http://jsonl.in/2sbk6uv
Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally at the Greensboro Coliseum in Greensboro, N.C., on Tuesday. (Chuck Burton/Associated Press)
The Post reports:
Dozens of Republican convention delegates are hatching a new plan to block Donald Trump at this summer's party meetings, in what has become the most organized effort so far to stop the businessman from becoming the GOP nominee. The delegates are angered by Trump's recent comments on gun control, his racial attacks on a federal judge and his sinking poll numbers. They are convinced that Trump is an insufficiently conservative candidate and believe they will find enough like-minded Republicans within the next month to change party rules and allow delegates to vote for whomever they want, regardless of who won their state caucus or primary.
This should eradicate a number of nostrums perpetrated by Reince Priebus and the Trumpkins:
There is no alternative.
The GOP has to stick together.
There is unity.
The #NeverTrump people are delusional.
None of the above is true.
The alternatives are unlimited. Delegates simply need to abstain on the first ballot. Then any number of Republicans can step forward as a unity candidate to lead the party in 2016.
The GOP cannot stick together in support of Trump without sacrificing the White House and imperiling majorities in the House and Senate.
Since Trump became the “presumptive” nominee, there is less unity than ever. Respected Republicans — e.g. Ohio Gov. John Kasich, Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan and Sens. Mark Kirk (Ill.), Lindsey Graham (S.C.), Ben Sasse (Neb.) — have realized, as 7 in 10 voters who look upon him unfavorably have, that he is fundamentally unfit to lead a diverse country in a dangerous world.
Apparently, the delusion was in thinking Trump could be “presidential” and that Hillary Clinton was so unpopular that literally anyone, even a racist ignoramus, could beat her.
Delegates — not Priebus, nor Trump's bully-boy aides — hold the cards here. To succeed, four things will need to occur.
First, if this is seen as a stalking-horse campaign for a single candidate, delegates will likely fracture as this group raises one or more objections to the shadow candidate. Outside Republicans, however, should express unified support for the right of delegates to decide upon the convention rules, including a confirmation of their right to vote their conscience. Donors should make clear they will be back to the hilt an alternate nominee who emerges from the convention.
Second, if Trump's polling continues to sink, it will become increasingly difficult to write off the delegate revolt as anti-party or pro-Clinton. In the RealClearPolitics average, Clinton leads by 5.8 points. What's the tipping point — 10 points? 12?
Third, watch for congressional generic polling. There has been a single poll showing the GOP trailing by 11, which may mean the majority is at risk. If that is not an outlier but a preview, the anti-Trump forces will have further grounds for arguing that the party should find a credible alternative.
And finally, continued un-endorsements would create a sense of momentum, confirmation that the party is suffering from an egregious case of buyer's remorse. If #NeverTrump outside activists want to encourage the delegates, they can certainly encourage those who have endorsed Trump to back away from him.
It is still a long shot to oust Trump. Nevertheless, the refusal of principled Republicans to acquiesce to Trump's takeover of the party speaks well for the future of a center-right party. That might not be the GOP, and it certainly will not be led by Republicans who cheered Trump and dismissed their fellow Republicans' effort to save the party from itself.
Libyan Documents: Egyptians – Including Dr. Morsi – Linked to Benghazi Attacks
Middle East expert and author Raymond Ibrahim released a troubling Libyan intelligence document this week. The document asserts that the Muslim Brotherhood, including Egyptian President Morsi, were involved in the September 11, 2012, terrorist attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi. Four Americans, including the US ambassador, were killed in the attack.
Raymond Ibrahim reported, via Doug Ross:
According to a Libyan intelligence document, the Muslim Brotherhood, including Egyptian President Morsi, were involved in the September 11, 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, where several Americans, including U.S. ambassador to Libya, Chris Stevens, were killed. On Wednesday, June 26, several Arabic websites, including Veto Gate, quoted the intelligence report, which apparently was first leaked to the Kuwaiti paper, Al Ra'i. Prepared by Mahmoud Ibrahim Sharif, Director of National Security for Libya, the report is addressed to the nation's Minister of Interior. It discusses the preliminary findings of the investigation, specifically concerning an “Egyptian cell” which was involved in the consulate attack. “Based on confessions derived from some of those arrested at the scene” six people, “all of them Egyptians” from the jihad group Ansar al-Sharia (“Supporters of Islamic Law), were arrested. According to the report, during interrogations, these Egyptian jihadi cell members “confessed to very serious and important information concerning the financial sources of the group and the planners of the event and the storming and burning of the U.S. consulate in Benghazi…. And among the more prominent figures whose names were mentioned by cell members during confessions were: Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi; preacher Safwat Hegazi; Saudi businessman Mansour Kadasa, owner of the satellite station, Al-Nas; Egyptian Sheikh Muhammad Hassan; former presidential candidate, Hazim Salih Abu Isma'il…”
Cynthia Farahat Frontpage also reported on the Egyptian connection in May.
Indeed, one of the videos shot with a cell phone of one of the attackers emerged around the time four Americans were killed. It shows a mob approaching the American compound under siege, clearly telling the terrorists in the dialect of Upper Egypt: “Mahadesh, mahadesh yermi, Dr. Morsi ba`atna” — which translates to: “Don't shoot, don't shoot, Dr. Morsi sent us.”… …The name Morsi is Egyptian and does not exist in any other Arabic speaking country.
Here's the video from the Benghazi attack.
After the Benghazi massacre the al-Marsad News Network, an Egyptian media organization, posted a “rare” video interview with Muhammad Jamal al-Kashef AKA Abu Ahmed, who reportedly led the attack on the US consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Al-Kashef was reportedly released from jail during the Arab Spring and was thought to be behind the attack on the US consulate. The Al-Marsad News interviewer concluded the discussion by congratulating al-Kashef.
Earl Hurd (September 14, 1880 – September 28, 1940) was a pioneering American animator and film director. He is noted for creating and producing the silent Bobby Bumps animated short subject series for early animation producer J.R. Bray's Bray Productions. Hurd and Bray are jointly responsible for developing the processes involved in cel animation, and were granted patents for their processes in 1914.
American Animator Andy Luckey (1965- ) is a maternal cousin, twice removed, of Hurd's.
Career [ edit ]
Hurd, a native of Kansas City, Missouri, later worked for Paul Terry's Terrytoons studio before starting his own Earl Hurd Productions studio in 1923.
Hurd was also a comic strip artist, illustrating the strips Trials of Elder Mouse (1911–1915), Brick Bodkin's Pa (1912) and Susie Sunshine (1927–1929). He worked later at the Ub Iwerks studio and the Walt Disney studio as a storyboard artist. Animation historian Giannalberto Bendazzi has called Hurd "probably the best American animator of his time" after Bray and said of his films that they "display an uncommon visual inventiveness, gentle humour and attention to drawing and scenography".[1]
Hurd died on September 28, 1940, in Burbank, California.77
Gallery [ edit ]
Bobby Bumps Starts a Lodge (1916)
Bobby Bumps and the Stork (1917)
Bobby Bumps Starts For School (1917)
Bobby Bumps' Fourth (1917)
Bobby Bumps puts a Beanery on the Bum (1918)
Bobby Bumps in Their Master's Voice (1921)
Notes [ edit ]
a b Bendazzi, Giannalberto (1994). Cartoons: One hundred years of cinema animation. Translated by Anna Taraboletti-Segre. Indiana University Press. p. 21. ISBN 0-253-20937-4.
References [ edit ]
The leader of the official opposition in Alberta says he's focused on building a big tent party of conservative values. but for specifics he says Albertans will have to wait and see.
"There is nothing more important than consolidating conservatives, getting as many conservatives together under one umbrella to take on the NDP," Wildrose Leader Brian Jean told The Homestretch this week in a year-end interview.
"Rachel Notley would like Wildrose to be distracted by what is happening with the PCs, but that is not going to happen."
The following is a condensed version of the interview.
Q: Is uniting the right still at the top of your priority list for 2017? What does that look like?
You will have to wait and see more in the new year, especially as the race with the PCs unfolds. The job I continue to be focused on right now is holding the NDP accountable and building Wildrose to be a strong force ready to defeat the NDP in 2019.
Q: What is your relationship with Jason Kenney?
I don't work with Jason Kenney. Jason Kenney is running to be the leader of the PC Party along with Richard Starke and Mr. [Stephen] Khan and other individuals. These people are focused on winning the leadership battle and my focus has to be on creating jobs and keeping the NDP to account. I think that is the most important thing I can do.
Q: Once the party picks a leader, then what?
We are always here with our dancing shoes on, but the important thing to remember is that any good leader is open to options that are in the best interest of their membership, as long as the membership approves that agreement. I don't think there is anything wrong with presenting options to them.
I am a leader that knows the members are ultimately in charge and I am hoping to give as many of them an opportunity to participate in the decision making of where Wildrose goes as possible. Until they give me marching orders to go in a different direction though, I am going to continue to hold the NDP to account and to recognize and help people continue to understand that Wildrose is the true home for conservative values and principals.
Q: What are you hearing about the carbon tax, which goes into effect Jan. 1?
Albertans don't want this tax wherever I go and see them, whether it is in Hanna or Grande Cache, Fort McMurray, Calgary, the streets of downtown Calgary. People are worried. They are seriously concerned because there are serious consequences that are happening to them, their friends and their family. They are losing their jobs, as a result of that they are losing the opportunity to have the great quality of life we have in Alberta.
That is why Albertans don't support the NDP and the carbon tax and why they want it, at the very least, to be halted, stopped and to let the provincial government, if they are permitted by law, to bring in their carbon tax just a short period away.
Q: You lost your home in the Fort McMurray wildfire. What's your current situation?
I am in a very small apartment in Fort McMurray, when I get the opportunity to be home, it's great. I have applied for a development permit for my home and it is right now being advertised and going through that process, so I will see if I get to break ground here this spring. That would be my hope, then I will rebuild my house. I can't replace all those items that I lost, but then neither can the 2,400 other families that lost their homes.
Q: How has the rebuild been going in general?
I don't think [the various levels of government] came out of the gate very well. At the very start, there were a lot of delays. I was not permitted to even know whether or not I was going to be able to rebuild my home in the same place for five months. This is a situation where people have been victimized and are continuing to be victimized.
There are a lot of families, young families, that right now are deciding whether they want to stay in Fort McMurray or leave Fort McMurray because of the situation with the municipal government holding up some of it for a long period of time. They have done a better job, or at least moved finally to make, in my opinion, some good decisions.
Some of the decisions they have made continue to hurt the residents of Fort McMurray and I just wish the bureaucracy would get out of the way and let people rebuild what they had before and remove all of those obstacles that are not just creating a toll on their financing and their plans for the future but are also creating emotional stress for these families.
Whether it is Alberta Health, or Alberta Environment or the municipality on the permitting process, I think a lot of times people will have to put other things first before all of this bureaucratic red tape that really doesn't help the families and that is the ultimate purpose of government.
Q: What is your time priority for 2017?
To keep the NDP to account, that is my primary job as it is for the other 21 Wildrose MLAs. To be a true force to be reckoned with and ready to defeat the NDP in 2019.
Albertans have a lot to be worried about and I am going to continue to try to slow down the NDP's ideological pursuit of their policies and try to divert them into to making better decisions ultimately in the best interest of Albertans.
Q: What are you most proud of in 2016?
We have slowed down the NDP and diverted their course on a lot of things. I was most proud that I was able to stand with the citizens of Alberta and Fort McMurray during the time of devastation, personal devastation, loss in Fort McMurray. I have heard time and time again that Albertans have appreciated the open and transparent communication that I made with them with media and the fact that I was on the ground giving first-hand accounts. The support that people have said that provided is what makes me most proud.
With files from The Homestretch
Djotodia spoke at a rally of up to 3 000 supporters in the riverside capital Bangui, as the United States condemned his "illegitimate seizure of power" and called for a rapid return to democracy.
Shots were fired into the air as joyous supporters paraded through Bangui in support of the putschists, a week after the Seleka rebels ousted president Francois Bozize.
"I ask God Almighty to give myself and my prime minister the strength and intelligence ... to manage the Central African Republic well over the coming three years," said Djotodia.
"We will hand over power to whoever comes to succeed us."
The latest in a long line of coup leaders, Bangui's new strongman said the rebels had come to power not through "political ambition but through national duty."
"I hope to be the last rebel chief president of Central Africa," Djotodia told the crowd.
Since independence from France in 1960 the Central African Republic has had a slew of coups and strongmen including the eccentric leader Jean-Bedel Bokassa who declared himself emperor in 1976 until his ousting three years later.
"We have suffered so much since Bokassa," said shopkeeper Theodore Gangui. "We Muslims have only suffered, now the game is over.
We are all equal."
Christian student Gratien Elmon (18) was also at the rally. "It's joyful, the dictatorship is over, the power of the Bozize family is over. Life is going to change," she said.
Religious tensions have risen in the largely Christian country since Djotodia, a Muslim, became president. Bozize often accused his followers of being fundamentalists.
After days of looting and chaos which followed Sunday's bloody coup, rebel soldiers have largely secured the capital with the aid of a regional African force.
However fuel shortages and a lack of water and electricity in some areas mean life remains difficult in parts of the capital.
Jittery Central Africans are now waiting for a new government to be formed to lead the three-year transition.
'Illegitimate seizure of power'
Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye who was appointed as head of a unity government under a January peace deal has said he will stay on in the job.
Djotodia launched a rapid-fire assault on the capital last weekend to oust Bozize after the peace deal collapsed as the rebels claimed he did not honour its terms.
Seleka had first launched a rebellion in December over Bozize's failure to honour earlier peace pacts, which brought them within striking distance of Bangui and led to the signing of the latest deal.
The coup was largely welcomed in a city tired of Bozize's unfulfilled promises to rebuild the nation by harnessing its stores of oil, gold and uranium, and years of civil discontent.
However fear quickly set in as swarms of armed men and gangs of looters roamed the city in the wake of the coup.
The Red Cross said Friday it had found some 78 bodies in the streets of Bangui since the coup. South Africa lost 13 soldiers in the fighting last weekend.
The United States condemned the rebel takeover and said it was deeply concerned about the serious deterioration in the country's security situation.
"We strongly condemn the illegitimate seizure of power by force by the Seleka rebel alliance, Michel Djotodia's self-appointment as president, and his suspension of the Constitution and National Assembly," State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said in a statement.
The statement said Washington continues to recognise the national unity government led by Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye as the "only legitimate government" in the country.
Earlier this week, the United States warned it could freeze some $2.2-million in US aid to the Central African Republic in the wake of the coup.
The United Nations meanwhile has warned tens of thousands of people in the chronically unstable country face severe food shortages. – Sapa-AFP.
Story highlights First responders fashioned the cross from World Trade Center rubble
Atheists sued to have the cross kept out of the 9/11 museum in New York
Appeals panel found the cross to be historical and non-discriminatory
A memorial cross at the National September 11 Memorial and Museum in New York can remain at the newly-opened facility, an appeals court ruled Monday.
A three-judge panel of the 2nd U.S. Circuit found that the cross, located at ground zero, was "a symbol of hope" and historical in nature. It did not intentionally discriminate against a group of atheists who sued to have it removed, they ruled.
The court also rejected arguments the traditional Christian cross was an impermissible mingling of church and state.
"With this recognition, a reasonable observer would view the primary effect of displaying the cross at ground zero, amid hundreds of other (mostly secular) artifacts, to be ensuring historical completeness, not promoting religion," the judges said in their decision.
The 'Cross,' left, intersecting steel beams found in the rubble of the World Trade Center, is displayed at the National September 11 Memorial and Museum in 2013.
The 17-foot cross in the museum was erected by rescue and recovery workers, and built from intersecting steel beams that had been part of the World Trade Center's North Tower, after it collapsed during the al Qaeda terror attacks in 2001.
It was moved a year ago from near a church to its new location in lower Manhattan.
"This is an enormously important and common-sense ruling," said Eric Baxter, counsel for the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, which filed a brief supporting the museum's right to display the cross, noting that the court drew an "important distinction" between religion and history and culture.
The case was first dismissed by a federal district judge.
Yeldeğirmeni (The Windmill) Solidarity, a local group based in Istanbul's Kadikoy district, occupied a half-constructed apartment building abandoned for 15 years, calling it Don Quixote. bianet interviewed group activists who spoke up on their story.
Activists from Yeldeğirmeni (The Windmill) Solidarity occupied a half-constructed apartment building abandoned for 15 years, calling it Don Quixote.
The story broke as police forces paid a “visit” to the building for investigation.
bianet observed that activists put frames in some of the windows and a workshop initiated by an activist student group from Amsterdam is still underway. While the building is open to visitors between 8 am and 11 pm, no activists stay at the building overnight.
bianet interviewed Selin G., Kubilay Çelik and artist Talat Doğanoğlu from Yeldeğirmeni Solidarity about the story of Don Quixote building.
“We embellished what they left as trash”
Even though the group was initially formed during Gezi Resistance, a tact agreement between neighborhood-dwellers has always been in place.
The first Yeldeğirmeni forum was organized at a parking lot where one can observe the transformation with the rainbow colors on the walls.
The idea came from Doğanoğlu. “It was the end of August. Talat came and said: Let's clean the mass inside. We took out massive bags of construction dust from the building,” Selin G. said.
Even though the motivation seems to be the need for finding a place to organize forums in the winter time, activists also have the faith that “another world is possible”.
“For me, this is an artistic intervention,” said Doğanoğlu, an artist who have been living in the building right across the street.
“The situation of the building vexed me. I wanted to underline that. We will embellish what they call as trash. Until they rebuild it to a level that it can serve people again.”
“Bags from the bakery, tea from neighbors”
The aforementioned building is under construction for 15 years. While there were complications with the contractor, the construction permit was cancelled after 1999 earthquake. The building was later on abandoned by its landowners and contractors.
The group members removed the municipality seal and replaced it with a door and lock. Activists told bianet that the abandoned building pose no serious risk, calling it “safe”.
“While bakers provided bags to collect the construction dust, neighborhood-dwellers provided tea and good,” said Selin G.
While the neighborhood is called Yeldeğirmeni (Windmill), it is no surprise that the building is called Don Quixote – a name that was coined by Doğanoğlu.
“The name is open to change, though. It can be Hacivat Karagöz next month. Other can offer further renovations. It will be a dynamic space here.”
From Amsterdam to Yeldeğirmeni
While the renovations are underway in the building, “hearing by the word of the mouth”, an activist student group from Amsterdam requested for a workshop.
“We are not the decision-makers. We told them to do whatever they wanted. We also said we could help if they needed,” Doğanoğlu said.
While the building then became “international”, it is still possible to see the traces of the works on various walls around the neighborhood.
The building, however, was raided by a fleet of police vehicles on the morning of Eid.
“We know these kids. They cleaned up here. What do you want from them? We have no complaint here,” said the neighborhood-dwellers.
Doğanoğlu clarified the “real” motivation behind the police raid.
“They were wondering what we were doing here. They asked whether it was related to Gezi. I told them that it wasn't Gezi but it was motivated by a courageous act related to Gezi. Then they left.”
“We didn't need to make any further effort to have the word out. They already did it for us. It was actually like Gezi per se. If the first intervention was adequate, there would be no second or third circles. With each police intervention, the circle got bigger and bigger.”
“Don Quixote is just an example”
bianet also asked activists on their upcoming activities in the building. While the building is aimed to provide basic support for neighborhood's problems, activists list some of the activities as follows: children's playroom, library, carpentry and art workshops.
While nearby local businesses provide electricity, activists plan to set up sun panels to tackle the heating issue.
There are also piles of stationary and books donations to be sent to Van province.
Working on to prepare the kid's room, Selin G. said they could also help the children with their homework.
Çelik, on the other hand, mentioned “Gifts and solidarity” room where people will be able to leave their unwanted items to a room where others can take if needed.
“This is not place that we got permission from. There are no decision-takers here. There will be an activity board and everyone will fill in their schedule there.”
Activists say that Don Quixote was just an example and they hoped to see other occupied buildings in different neighborhoods and cities according to people's needs. (BK/BM)
Published October 22nd 2013 on Bianet http://www.bianet.org/english/youth/150740-don-quixote-occupies-the-windmill
Base rates refer to interest rates that are paid to all customers with this type of account, whereas "introductory" rates are only paid for between three and five months, as a way for banks to attract new business. Interest rates on savings accounts have fallen more than the RBA's cash rate in the past year. Credit:Josh Robenstone Meanwhile, Commonwealth Bank also cut the rates it pays on its bonus savings accounts by 0.1 percentage points for balances of up to $50,000 during May, while lifting rates on higher balances. The cuts come as new figures from financial comparison site Mozo show all of the big four banks have cut interest for online savings accounts by more than the 0.5 percentage point reduction in official interest rates over the past year. RBA figures show that, across the industry, average rates paid on online savings and bonus savings accounts are at record lows.
Head of data at Mozo, Peter Marshall, said cutting "base" rates but not the advertised headline rates was an effective way for banks to preserve their interest revenue without drawing attention to the fact that longer-term savers would be paid less. "They can still look as competitive as they did in the past, while reducing the amount of interest that they are paying out for some savers," Mr Marshall said. Mr Marshall said it was just one type of change banks could make across various products if they were to try to offset the banking tax introduced in this year's budget. Banks have not ruled out passing on the levy to customers, but say they are not yet seeking to do so. Mozo figures show Westpac and the Commonwealth Bank have lowered base rates on online savings accounts by 0.75 percentage points in the past year, ANZ has cut its base rate by 0.8 percentage points, and NAB lowered its base rate by 0.6 percentage points. ANZ this week cut its base rate by 0.15 percentage points to 1 per cent, but increased its introductory rate, which is paid for three months, by the same amount. This left the headline rate used to market the product unchanged.
An ANZ spokesman confirmed the change, adding: "The headline rate of 2.55 per cent per annum is the equal-highest rate of the major banks for a product of this kind and our base rate remains highly competitive." Westpac made a similar move, lowering its base rate by 0.05 percentage points to 1 per cent, but keeping the headline rate unchanged at 2.51 per cent. Its introductory rate is paid for five months. "We constantly review our rates to ensure we continue to offer competitive rates to customers and balance the needs of our various stakeholders," a Westpac spokeswoman said. CBA's 0.1 percentage point cut for balances below $50,000 is different to the cuts at ANZ and Westpac in that it applies to bonus savings accounts, which require customers to make a minimum monthly deposit, and no withdrawals. A CBA spokeswoman said the bank had also increased the maximum level at which savers could earn bonus interest from $100,000 to $1 million.
Loading "Regular savers can now earn competitive interest rates of 1.70 per cent to 1.90 per cent, depending on their balances," she said. "Our interest rates reflect a number of factors including local and international funding markets, regulatory requirements and competitive conditions and we frequently review our products to ensure they reflect market conditions."
Want to play Project Reality? Here's how.
1) Get your copy of Battlefield 2 patched to the latest version.
2) From here, you can find Project Reality's whopping 3.8 GB installation file on FilePlanet.
3) If you're a seasoned Project Reality vet, you might opt for the more bandwidth-friendly v0.957 to v0.966 patch.
4) Run each of the three files in order, and you're ready to rumble.
5) Read the manual! It explains the massive range of gameplay mechanics.
6) Launch Project Reality via the shiny new desktop icon, and get ready to play one of the most realistic depictions of modern warfare.
While mod support for recent first-person shooters is more sparse than a populated Crysis 2 server, it's good to see that some of the tried and proven mods still receive some love. Take Project Reality , for instance: Developer Black Sand Studio has taken on an ambitious task with this Battlefield 2 mod, gunning for something that appeals to both the hardcore audience and the less realism-obsessed Call of Duty crowd.Considering that Black Sand's utilizing a six-year-old game engine, it's achieved some medal-worthy results with Project Reality's all-important visual and audio facets. While the mod's not exactly a Crysis-killer in these respects, the attention to detail on player skins, vehicles, and weapons ain't exactly shabby. Weapon models are the true highlights here, equaling the intricate boomsticks found in the likes of Call of Duty and Battlefield -- while the expanded view distance makes for maps where you can reach out and touch somebody (with bullets, that is) from truly staggering distances.And Project Reality's soundscape makes it seem as though you're actually under threat of more than just digital death during tense firefights. Snaps and hisses let you know when you've attracted the unwanted attention of a hidden sniper, while the unmistakable sound of a clanking tank means it's time to find cover or taste dirt. Not coincidentally, any loud gunfire-like noises you make can draw unwanted attention, which forces you to get much more selective about your shots.The real fun lies in Project Reality's cooperative mode -- its multiplayer servers are havens for a Rainbow Six-like team of globetrotting gamers, all hell-bent on informing the enemy A.I. that it's five minutes past dead. Even amidst lag, the game is still highly playable; this removes the usual frustration of intercontinental play, and means you can find a populated server no matter what time of day you choose to play. Just try to play nice -- the types of guys who run dedicated servers for realism-heavy games tend to have a lower tolerance for tomfoolery than your average admin.In contrast, Black Sand clearly understands that realism doesn't necessarily equate to watching paint dry. The developers get that vehicle space is limited, and that getting around a large battlefield is not fun without a generous helping of sprint. Need to get through a locked gate? Easy: Introduce the chain to a 50-caliber machine gun. Want to get on a roof that doesn't have a ladder? Simple: Get a Special Forces class to lob a grappling hook over the edge and climb on up. Hell, you can even build a variety of structures/weapon emplacements to convert a boring hill into a fortified position.Unresponsive keystrokes occasionally cause sticky situations; it's particularly frustrating when you're trying to line up a foe who has a bead on you. Teleporting A.I. combatants further complicate things, as they seemingly get beamed in from nowhere at times. But the biggest frustration involves rooting out the last remaining A.I. enemy in an otherwise-successful scenario -- the sole soul stopping your team from glorious victory in a Bin Laden-like manhunt which, much like the real thing, often makes for rather long and frustrating waits.Deployment mode is the real star of Project Reality, bringing together all of the satisfaction of squad-based camaraderie and pitting you against human players in giant 32-on-32 maps. This is where the mod lifts its skirt: With death just a single trigger pull away, following the orders of your squad leader is absolutely critical, resulting in a game that focuses on team play with the ruthless intensity of a battlefield sniper. While quick wits and twitch skills will help your kill/death ratio, they're nothing without some I.Q. to back it up. Throw the tactical use of easy-to-control vehicles of all shapes and sizes into the mix, and the result is one refreshingly addictive cocktail.Project Reality walks a beautiful line of realism and accessibility. The result is a united sense of satisfaction, addictive gameplay, and engaging warfare that rewards you as you march deeper into the battlefield.
A prestigious media organization has named Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar “Communicator of the Year” for his “unabashed embrace of the principles of creative imagination” in serving as President Duterte's chief spokesman.
The Committee for the Advancement of Creative Imagination and the Systematic Institutionalization of Rodrigo's Aspirations — better known as CACI SIRA — also blasted Andanar's critics who they say fail to recognize the “extraordinary genius” behind the secretary's pronouncements.
ADVERTISEMENT
CACI SIRA cited Andanar's spirited defense of the plan to give the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos a hero's funeral. Marcos was recently given a hero's burial at the Libingan ng Mga Bayani sparking mass demonstrations throughout the nation.
In his column in the Philippine Daily Inquirer (which CACI SIRA says has become an even more respected media organization for giving Andanar a regular column), the secretary dismissed the protesters as “temperamental brats.” CACI SIRA called Andanar's statement “audacious and inspired.”
“The secretary used a five-syllable word, a clear sign of his sophisticated intelligence,” CACI SIRA said.
Meanwhile, CACI SIRA denounced Senator Koko Pimentel's criticism of Andanar's statements against the anti-Marcos protesters.
CACI SIRA says the senator took an “unfortunate position” based on the fact that his father was a prominent opponent of the Marcos regime who was imprisoned and harassed repeatedly by the dictatorship for fighting for the rights of Filipinos.
“That's so 1970s and 80s,” CACI SIRA said in a statement.
CACI SIRA also dismissed the ongoing protests against the Marcos burial, saying: “Who cares if Ferdinand Marcos killed more than 3,000 people in his 21-year reign. That's nothing. Duterte has been in power only six months — and the death toll under him has already exceeded 4,000.”
CACI SIRA called Andanar a “visionary communicator with an awe-inspiring capacity for creative and courageous imagination, a public servant who has dared paint incredible portraits of a leader responsible for a terrifying bloodbath.”
Andanar has painted portraits of the Dear Leader Duterte as Jesus Christ and as King Arthur.
ADVERTISEMENT
In Japan, Andanar said even the Japanese Prime Minister “has not concealed his admiration for the new Filipino leader.” The secretary notes how the ordinary Japanese saw Rodrigo Duterte as “some sort of Filipino samurai, giving flesh to the honorable warrior code of the Bushido.”
CACI cited one of the secretary's recent columns in the Philippine Daily Inquirer where he writes: “Desperate times require exceptional leadership. The nation is fortunate to have an exceptional leader in the threatened times we live in. He is the epitome of what, in Tagalog patois, we describe as ‘matigas ang ulo pero pusong mamon.' He will not stop if the people's welfare depends on his getting things done. He will try and rescue every distressed person if that is at all possible. He is tribal elder, stern father, rainmaker and mayor rolled into one. He is sui generis.”
“Pure poetry,”the CACI SIRA said of the secretary's words. “Secretary Andanar clearly deserves to be called Communicator of the Year.”
Visit and Like the Kuwento page on Facebook at www.facebook.com/boyingpimentel
On Twitter @boyingpimentel
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Swansea is in talks over a deal for Inter Milan defender Andrea Ranocchia, according to Sky in Italy.
The centre-half is an Italy international and has spent the past six years at Inter, but he was sent on loan to Sampdoria last season and has made only nine appearances this campaign.
Inter value Ranocchia at £5m and his agent has recently been in London, prompting local newspaper reports of interest from Tottenham.
Sky sources say this is not the case, but the 28-year-old could yet end up in the Premier League with Swansea.
Paul Clement has already signed three players in this month's window, bringing Luciano Narsingh, Martin Olsson and Tom Carroll to south Wales.
Olsson and Carroll both started on Saturday as Swansea beat Liverpool 3-2 at Anfield to move out of the relegation zone.
The Regulators are a novel by Stephen King under the pseudonym Richard Bachman. It was published in 1996 at the same time as its "mirror" novel, Desperation. The two novels represent parallel universes relative to one another, and most of the characters present in one novel's world also exist in the other novel's reality, albeit in different circumstances. Additionally, the hardcover first editions of each novel, if set side by side, make a complete painting, and on the back of each cover is also a peek at the opposite's cover.
King had previously "killed off" Bachman after the pseudonym was publicly exposed around the time of the 1984 release of the Bachman novel Thinner. However, on the book's jacket and in a tongue-in-cheek introduction by the book's editor, it was alleged that this 1996 work was written by Bachman years earlier, but the manuscript had only recently been discovered by his widow in a trunk.
Development [ edit ]
The novel began as a screenplay titled The Shotgunners.[1] King says that film writer-director Sam Peckinpah read the script made some suggestions, but Peckinpah died while King was writing the second draft.[1]
Plot [ edit ]
The story begins with a paper boy named Cary Ripton being shot by a mysterious stranger in a red van while making his rounds. Author Johnny Marinville and ex-cop Collie Entragian attempt to contact the police about the body, but an otherworldly force prevents the call from going through. As Collie makes his call, the residents notice yellow and blue vans around the neighborhood.
Shortly after, residents Mary Jackson and David Carver are killed by more of the vans. The adults and children scatter and break into two groups: Johnny, the Reed family, the Josephsons, and David Carver's widow and children. Meanwhile, Collie, the Geller family, a convenience store clerk, widower Peter Jackson, and a lost motorist named Steve Ames take cover in veterinarian Tom Billingsley's house. Marielle Soderson has her arm mangled by gunfire as she and her husband Gary run to Tom's house. Meanwhile, Ralph Carver identifies a pink van involved in the attack as “Dream Floater”.
A letter written to an old friend by Audrey Wyler introduces her nephew Seth, who has mystical powers that have caused strange events around her household. Seth is also sharing a body with Tak, an interdimensional being who possessed him during a trip to the mining town of Desperation when Seth wandered away from a tour. Tak has committed many atrocities over the years, including driving Audrey's husband to suicide, driving a neighboring family out of the neighborhood through means of psychological torture, and killing Seth's birth family with the vans. Audrey is very afraid of Tak and has built a mental sanctuary from it, but she fears that the sanctuary will soon be breached. One day, when trying to escape her house, Audrey is caught by Tak and beaten for trying to escape. Meanwhile, the attack survivors are trapped in the house by vans.
The refugees at the Carver household find what looks like a gun bullet on the ground, but cannot figure out how it would be fired, one even comparing it to a “child's drawing”. Meanwhile, Tom and several others try to heal Marielle's arm. It is later revealed to the reader that the vans are from the TV cartoon “MotoKops 2200”, and that the good and evil characters made a temporary alliance to end a threat to Earth.
Survivors from the Carver and Billingsley households maintain a dialogue and share what little they know about the vans. As they talk, the vans block off the road in front of the houses and open fire, trapping the two groups inside of their homes. During the barrage, Audrey notices that reality is being bent by Tak, who promptly brings survivor Peter over to his home. Additionally, Johnny notices that an occupant of one of the vans looks like an action figure found on the floor of David's room.
Outside, the town is turned into one from an Old West movie. As the change happens, Collie and Steve volunteer to go a block over to seek help. In the Carver house, Johnny and the Reed twins, decide to go and look for a phone to call the police.
Marielle's suturing operation succeeds. Collie and Steve get weapons from Tom and prepare to leave on the mission. At the same time, Johnny and the Reed twins set out on their mission, but not before Ralph Carver identifies the action figure and vans as being from “MotoKops 2200”.
Collie and Steve see reality begin to change into the world of “The Regulators”, an old Western movie. Johnny and the Reeds run into the two, and Collie is shot and killed by Jim Reed in a tragic misunderstanding. Johnny and the boys are then attacked by a mountain lion.
A portion of the screenplay for “The Regulators” is presented in an interlude. In it, the movie's antagonist announces his intent to “wipe this town off the map”.
Back in the present, the mountain lion is dispatched by the group. Jim commits suicide out of guilt for his role in Collie's death. Tom meets up with Audrey, who managed to escape the house with Seth's help. The two decide to go to Tom's house. At the same time, Peter is made to kill himself on a cactus in a gruesome display of Tak's power.
The two groups of survivors meet in Tom's house and are told about Tak's plan by Audrey, who claims that it comes from the “MotoKops” show. Audrey also informs them about the Regulators and the past strange events.
As they talk, the Regulators and vans arrive and begin to destroy the town. The survivors find cover in Tom's house, which is decimated around them. After a long period of time, the gunfire weakens and eventually disappears completely. The survivors look out of the house and find that the vans have vanished too.
Audrey leads everyone across the street into her house, where she reveals that she used laxatives to purge Tak from Seth's body in the form of smoke. Cammie Reed kills Seth and mortally wounds Audrey as Tak tries to sneak back into the boy's body. Tak's attention is diverted to her, and it flies into Cammie's body. But she cannot hold up to Tak the way that Seth could, and her body is destroyed as a result of the possession. Tak leaves her in the form of smoke and dissipates in the wind.
A short epilogue in the form of a letter reveals that Seth's and Audrey's ghosts have taken up residence at the meadow from Audrey's sanctuary, and live there happily.
References to other King works [ edit ]
In the novel's epilogue, a letter written by a woman on her honeymoon to her friend mentions one of Stephen King's earlier works, The Shining. "You're the only person I know who's read not just one copy of The Shining to tatters, but two!" "...although I don't suppose it's much like Stephen King's Overlook..."
Adaptations [ edit ]
As of August 14, 2014, there have been discussions about turning The Regulators into a TV series, per King's Twitter account.
References [ edit ]
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong will try to enact a law penalizing people who boo the Chinese national anthem “as soon as possible”, an official said on Wednesday, in a move that critics say undermines the Chinese-ruled city's autonomy and freedoms.
In the past few years, some Hong Kong football fans have booed the national anthem during World Cup qualifiers and other games, mirroring a more recent protest in the United States with football players kneeling during the national anthem, a practice denounced by U.S. President Donald Trump.
The Asian Football Confederation warned the Hong Kong Football Association on Tuesday over the conduct of fans who booed the Chinese national anthem in a match in October.
China has passed a law stating that disrespecting the anthem could result in imprisonment. The law has come into force in China but has yet to be extended to Hong Kong.
Hong Kong Secretary for Constitutional and Mainland Affairs, Patrick Nip said the city had a constitutional obligation to follow up the move by China's largely rubber-stamp parliament.
The law will now be added to the annex of Hong Kong's mini-constitution, the Basic Law, and put to the city's 70-strong legislature.
“We will do it as soon as possible,” Nip told lawmakers, while saying there would be a consultation process.
FILE PHOTO: Football Soccer - Hong Kong v Malaysia - AFC Asian Cup Qualifiers - Hong Kong, China October 10, 2017 - Hong Kong fans turn their backs during Chinese national anthem. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
Hong Kong is a former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a so-called “one country, two systems” formula that promises the city a high degree of autonomy, including an independent judiciary.
China's growing reach into Hong Kong's affairs has, however, stoked tensions and mass protests including the 2014 “Occupy” civil disobedience movement that blocked major roads in the city for 79 days to pressure China to allow full democracy.
Nip said no decision had been made on jail terms, but the government would make reference to existing laws concerning the desecration of China's national flag that carry a maximum sentence of three years.
Some critics said this move would further erode Hong Kong's autonomy and was another instance of China's tightening iron grip.
“If a country (China) wasn't using totalitarian and autocratic ways to make people feel under pressure, I believe many more Hong Kong people would respect the national anthem,” said Dennis Kwok, a lawmaker with the Civic Party.
Over the past few years, Hong Kong fans have booed the national anthem at several football matches involving the Hong Kong team, with an upcoming Asian Cup qualifier between Hong Kong and Lebanon another potential flashpoint.
“Some inappropriate behavior...must be addressed,” Nip said, without giving specifics.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Chinese authorities have strived to instill greater patriotism into Hong Kong, while condemning a push from democracy activists to distance Hong Kong from Beijing by embracing the city's culture and core values, with some even advocating independence from China.
“In recent years, incidents of disrespecting the national anthem have occurred in Hong Kong, challenging the bottom line ... and triggering rage,” said Zhang Rongshun, who leads a legislative affairs commission of China's parliament, the National People's Congress, according to the official Xinhua news agency.
“It is urgent and important to apply the National Anthem Law in Hong Kong in a bid to prevent and handle such offences.”
SHARE
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro has announced the creation of “peace zones” and his justice minister said the government should consider stricter gun control, a piecemeal approach in the face of rampant violence.
According to El Universal, Maduro said the zones will be enforced through participation from state institutions and citizens, and will be implemented in “public spaces,” highways, hospitals, schools and universities.
“We have to create a system of constant monitoring and care,” El Nacional reported Maduro as saying.
SEE ALSO: Venezuela News and Profiles
The statements were made during a “Day of Peace and Life” staged in Caracas on January 26, at which the Interior, Justice and Peace Minister Miguel Rodriguez Torres called for more debate on gun regulation. The minister said that only security personnel should legally be allowed to carry weapons, and suggested at least 5,500 legally obtained guns are currently in the hands of criminals.
InSight Crime Analysis
Maduro's announcement comes just weeks after a former champion beauty queen was robbed and murdered along with her British husband after their car broke down on a highway outside Caracas. While the case was quickly declared solved after seven were detained and charged in the homicides, it created a surge of public outrage over the insecurity, which has seen the country become one of the most violent in the world over the past decade.
With regards to the proposal, Maduro has said the “peace zones” will include round the clock vigilance. But the question remains how this will be implemented and whether this is simply a political ploy to quiet the storm that continues to swirl after the beauty queen's brutal murder.
The call from Rodriguez for further debate on gun control is much more interesting and has a far greater potential to impact Venezuela's security situation. It comes just months before a ban on the commercial sale of firearms — unsuccessfully implemented to curb the country's rising murder rate — is due to end and little over seven months after a disarmament bill was signed, following three years of revisions.
But with 2011 estimates placing the number of civilian firearms in circulation at between 1.6 and 4.1 million, how Maduro might reclaim those arms at a time when people feel increasingly insecure remains an unanswered question.
Jets defenceman Dustin Byfuglien ranked 12th on NHL Network's new countdown series Top 20 Defencemen Right Now this past Saturday night, ranking the best defencemen in the National Hockey League. The two-time All-Star, Byfuglien, finished one spot ahead of three-time Stanley Cup champion Brent Seabrook of the Chicago Blackhawks and one spot behind two-time All-Star Ryan Suter of the Minnesota Wild.
NHL Network's Tony Luftman and E.J. Hradek counted down the best defencemen based on player performance over the past several seasons, with an emphasis on the 2015-2016 season. The ranking also weighted projected performance in the 2016-2017 season, taking into account players returning from injury and young players expected to break out. An embeddable video recap of the complete ranking, listed below, can be seen here.
NHL Network's Top 20 Defencemen Right Now:
1. Drew Doughty, Los Angeles Kings
2. Erik Karlsson, Ottawa Senators
3. Brent Burns, San Jose Sharks
4. Duncan Keith, Chicago Blackhawks
5. Victor Hedman, Tampa Bay Lightning
6. Kris Letang, Pittsburgh Penguins
7. Roman Josi, Nashville Predators
8. P.K. Subban, Nashville Predators
9. Shea Weber, Montreal Canadiens
10. Oliver Ekman-Larsson, Arizona Coyotes
11. Ryan Suter, Minnesota Wild
12. Dustin Byfuglien, Winnipeg Jets
13. Brent Seabrook, Chicago Blackhawks
14. John Klingberg, Dallas Stars
15. Aaron Ekblad, Florida Panthers
16. Alex Pietrangelo, St. Louis Blues
17. Ryan McDonagh, New York Rangers
18. Shayne Gostisbehere, Philadelphia Flyers
19. John Carlson, Washington Capitals
20. Marc-Edouard Vlasic, San Jose Sharks
Continuing its new slate of offseason programming, NHL Network will rank the best players across the National Hockey League in four new countdown series, starting with its lists of the best position players: Top 20 Forwards Right Now, Top 20 Defencemen Right Now, and Top 10 Goalies Right Now. Seven Hart Memorial Trophy winners, three Vezina Trophy winners and five Calder Memorial Trophy winners are among the ranking in NHL Network's five-part series Top 50 Players Right Now, beginning Sunday, August 21 at 7:00 p.m. ET with players ranked 50-41. Following the completion of each show, viewers can visit NHLNetwork.com for videos on the latest rankings.
It's rare to get a tour of SpaceX's rocket-making Hawthorne headquarters, let alone one-on-one chats with its engineers.
But some Hawthorne middle-school girls who got just such an invitation recently were in awe of the work being done in their neighborhood.
“It was pretty surreal,” 13-year-old Bella Freire said. “Usually, you see rockets in magazines but not up-close and personal. Seeing people work on them is amazing. It makes me feel really small.”
A new volunteer group of female SpaceX employees — the 300-member SpaceX Women's Network — welcomed Freire and two dozen other Prairie Vista Middle School students on a Saturday afternoon this month for some lessons on engineering and tips about life.
The company offers some local high school internship opportunities and school tours, but is otherwise usually off-limits.
The visit was organized in recognition of International Women in Engineering Day, which is Friday.
Too few women in field
“Because you have few women in this field, we're trying to empower women to be vocal for themselves and have confidence in their technical abilities,” said Damaris Toepel, the lead integration and test engineer for SpaceX's Dragon spacecraft. “In all of the positions I've held, it was very common for me to be the only female in the room and, sometimes, I would hold myself back from speaking.”
Toepel founded the volunteer Women's Network a year ago. She hoped to empower females at the company, which — like many other tech and aerospace companies — is dominated by male workers.
One of the students who attended their first community-education event, Daniela Jimenez, 14, said she has an A in science at Prairie Vista but hadn't considered a career as an engineer.
“I'm more interested in engineering now. Before, I wouldn't have thought of doing it in my future life,” Jimenez said. “It was pretty interesting to go and see them build these incredible things that go up to space.”
SpaceX moved to Hawthorne as a startup company in 2008, and now is an established global leader in commercial space exploration. Its Dragon spacecraft was the first commercial space-transport vessel to dock at the International Space Station in 2012.
On to Mars
Now, the company is putting the finishing touches on a craft that can ferry astronauts to orbit and, ultimately, land on Mars.
During their visit, the Prairie Vista students took apart and investigated everyday electronics like phones and cameras, built toy solar-powered cars, and assembled circuit boards.
Freire said she enjoyed doing hands-on work with the engineers. Even though it sounds “kinda cheesy,” she said she was inspired by what she saw and heard.
“I was expecting them to be nerds, but they're just like us,” she said. “One of the SpaceX girls reminded me of myself, and she was able to go to college and do engineering, and build a race car. That was pretty cool.”
Students got to take home their creations to tell their families about what they learned.
Toepel said she hoped to inspire young women in the way she was inspired by former NASA aerospace engineer and astronaut Susan Helms.
“Ever since I was young, I knew I wanted to become an astronaut,” Toepel said. “When they'd send a crew up, I'd sit there watching the Earth rotate in complete awe. Susan Helms became my mentor growing up because I thought: ‘There's nothing special about her. I can do what she's doing.' ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. - More than 2,000 Dominion Virginia Power customers were without power in the Lakeside-area of Henrico Wednesday morning as the result of a broken power pole, according to the Dominion website.
A spokeswoman for Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden, which is near the crash scene, confirmed the garden also lost power as a result of the accident.
An accident was reported near the intersection of Hilliard Rd. and Lakeside Ave. about 9:10 a.m.
Over the past month or so, car crashes have left thousands in the dark four times -- two times in Henrico and also in Chesterfield and Powhatan.
While Dominion crews are used to dealing with cracked power poles due to an accident, it can be a big headache for customers.
While you'll see crews in mass working to restore power, what you don't see is the crew working behind the scenes.
"As soon as the power goes off, if it's a large block of customers, we know it here," Dominion Virginia Power's Dave Vanderbloemen said.
Using computers, the special crew searched the power grid for new ways to re-route electricity to get some customers out of the dark.
But a new plan is in the works to move 20 percent of overhead power poles underground. But it will not include lines you can easily see.
"The Under Grounding Program is meant to look at areas that we repeatedly go to during major storms where there are overhead lines that go to the rear of properties,” Vanderbloemen said. “They feed customers in areas that are hard to access."
While there will always be overhead power lines, Dominion estimates that when its undergrounding project is complete, they will be able to reduce the time it takes to restore power after a major storm by as much as 50 percent.
So far, five Republican senators have announced that they cannot support the bill as drafted: Dean Heller of Nevada, who says it cuts coverage too deeply, and four conservatives — Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ted Cruz of Texas, Mike Lee of Utah and Mr. Johnson — who say it does not do enough to lower health costs. Other Republicans, like Ms. Collins and Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, have expressed misgivings, and Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska declined to say Sunday how he would vote.
Senate leaders, trying to muster support, are looking for ways to address a conspicuous omission: The bill requires insurers to accept anyone who applies, but repeals the mandate for people to have coverage and does not replace it with anything. So people could wait and buy insurance only when they need it. Insurers say they need large numbers of healthy people to help pay for those who are sick.
Republicans said they might revise their bill to establish a six-month waiting period for people who go without insurance and then want to sign up, in the belief that this would encourage consumers to maintain continuous coverage.
The House bill has an incentive, imposing a 30 percent surcharge on premiums for people who have gone without insurance. But the Congressional Budget Office said this provision could backfire. As a result of the surcharge, it said, two million fewer people would enroll, and the people most likely to be deterred are those who are healthy.
The Senate's answer also has potential problems. For someone with cancer, a six-month waiting period could be a death sentence.
The Senate fight is happening amid a striking shift in public opinion. Fifty-one percent of Americans now have favorable views of the Affordable Care Act, according to a monthly tracking poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation. “That's the first time in our 79 tracking polls over seven years that this share has topped 50 percent,” said Craig Palosky, a spokesman for the foundation.
Bitcoin is to go through an historical August 1st when the currency splits into two coins, Bitcoin Cash (BCC) and Bitcoin Core, which is to retain the bitcoin brand and BTC ticker for now.
A futures market has already opened on ViaBTC where the currency is trading at $516, with OKCoin stating they will list it for trading too. Other exchanges will likely follow, while Coinbase uniquely angers both small blockers and big blockers after stating they will not allow them to withdraw their Bitcoin Cash.
Hopefully, their united anger is the first step in bringing a more amicable spirit between the two sides as they decide to go their own way, work on their own project and focus on their own vision. But how will the price action in one coin affect the other?
The closest example we have is the ETH and ETC split last year. The combined value of both currencies was higher immediately after the fork, with ethereum then proceeding to great new heights, while ETC currently has around the same value as ETH had back then.
However, when ETC was first listed, the relationship between the two was inversely correlated, with ethereum falling as ETC rose and vice versa while the market was deciding which is to be the dominant coin, then settling with the two currencies going their own way.
Another likely reason was probably because all ethereum holders gained an equal amount of ETH and ETC. As such, they probably sold one and bought the other based on their value judgment.
The same may happen in bitcoin, but there are many differences. Firstly, the ETH coin had the support of some 80%-90% of ethereum's community, the backing of almost all its developers, and the support of nearly all eth based projects.
In bitcoin, all of the above three aspects are more split. Big Blocks used to have some 80% support based on unscientific polls, but an actual impartial and well-known token holders vote has not taken place.
The developers are of course a lot more split in bitcoin than they were in eth, as likely are bitcoin businesses, while overall there is some confusion around segwit2x, especially the 2x part.
The second aspect is the fact that the eth split was both more controversial and less. Less because much of the community was united and more because some saw it as breaching a principle.
While in bitcoin, although the issue is clearly controversial, it is of a different nature. Rather than principles, on which both sides agree, the debate was more about how best to achieve those principles and aims, with the difference of opinion going back many years.
The final aspect is that no one really thought ETC would be a thing and it wasn't for a few days after the hardfork until Poloniex went back on their public words and listed it.
That took everyone by surprise. Thus unleashing some chaos and earning Poloniex the wrath of ethereans who hardly mention the exchange nowadays without murmuring something.
In bitcoin, it is now clear the split will happen as it has both miners support and a trading market, but with the mass media telling everyone a split has been averted, there may nonetheless be an element of surprise for many who may wake up on August 1st to find out they suddenly have this thing called Bitcoin Cash.
So there may be some trading frenzy and volatility on August 1st, but the market will probably value the split, not least because it gives it more choice. Thus the combined value of the two coins may be higher.
How long that would last is unclear. With the uncertainty somewhat ended and bitcoin finally reaching a solution to the scalability debate, optimism may return among old bitcoiners as well as new, which may act as fuel.
But the reverse needs to be considered too as the high volatility may send investors into fiat or into ethereum, at least for a short period, but that did not happen with eth last year until some harmless bugs were exploited, probably to make a political point following the split, which sent both eth and ETC into a cold winter.
Before that exploit, the Ethereum community turned bullish after the fork and price rallied, as did ETC, so bears and bulls may have plenty to fight over on August 1st.
How the split will affect ethereum is an even more difficult question. Firstly, ethereum has its own ecosystem as well as different capabilities through smart contracts, so it can be complementary, but it attracted many big blockers after the stalemate, who may now diversify to BCC, so holding both coins.
Alternatively, if there is any uncertainty in bitcoin, investors may find safer heaven in eth, waiting it out, so the currency may rise, or might completely ignore it continuing its consolidation in a sideways price movement.
Which of the above scenarios will come to pass only the first week of August can say, but one thing we do know is that bitcoin and the entire digital currencies space is going through one of its most exciting period as the currency shows its ultimate power and its very real decentralized nature.
The NFL is a league where a man named Megatron dominates catching a football. Kelvin Benjamin just came off a 1,000 yard, 15 touchdown seasons that culminated in a National Championship game winning red-zone catch. Benjamin was drafted 28th. How did 27 teams pass on what looks like the prototypical matchup nightmare a la Calvin Johnson or Demaryius Thomas? This offseason has been quiet for the man who might just be Cam Newton's ticket to the next level.
The last month before the 2014 NFL Draft saw a lot of movement within the wideout ranks including the slide of Florida State's ace receiver. Conflicting reports of blowing off a workout with the Baltimore Ravens led to NFL scouts' red flags about maturity and work ethic. The Ravens claimed he said he was ‘Tired'. Benjamin and his agent continue to vehemently deny this report to this day. The Panthers had no intention of letting Kelvin past their late first day pick in New York.
Benjamin played football and basketball at Florida prep powerhouse Glades Central, where he was highly recruited in both sports. His only documented injury concern came his junior year when he played through what was believed to be a partially torn knee in ‘09. Redshirting in 2011 at Florida State, Kelvin Started all fourteen games in ‘12 and for the national champions in '13 when he led the ACC in touchdown receptions (including the game winner in the BCS Championship Game).
Year Yards Catches APC TD GP
2012 495 30 16.5 4 14
2013 1011 54 18.7 15 14
Proceeding the combine, maturity and separation flags arose when Kelvin declined to run during his pro day. His mid first-round draft status started to sink quickly. Experts were starting to poke holes in Benjamin's stock. “He's 6-foot-5, 240 pounds with 35-inch arms, and you're talking about a catching radius. However, there's one thing about wide receivers with only one year of college production (like Benjamin at FSU) and it's a little sobering when you look at the names on that list: Stephen Hill, Greg Little, Devin Thomas, Anthony Gonzalez.” Mike Mayock said during the combine, where the wideout was solid, but lacked ‘wow factor'. Some NFL teams were so low on Kelvin, they saw him as a mid round (2-3) pick. Shedding his image as a flash in the pan and a habitual pass dropper is going to be Kelvin's main concern as he embarks on being the premier wide receiver in Charlotte.
Despite questions, Benjamin found his way into the end of the first round with the Panthers. His rare 6-5, 240 lb. frame and 83-inch wingspan won out. The NFL is geared to treasure receivers that eat cushion and separates with long strides. Panther fans will be treated to Kelvin's strong approach to the ball, who is not easily knocked off course and will enter the middle of the field without fear on cross routes. The most outstanding parts of his game that will be showcased every sunday in the NFL will be his energetic demeanor and jumpball catching. Kelvin has uncanny ability to climb the ladder, pluck the ball at its highest point and regularly snatches it out of the air with superb body control and the grace of a gymnast or ballerina while creating separation with his body. Size is a premium in a division where the tallest number one corner is New Orleans' Keenan Lewis at 6'1. Not only having the goods, but using his body well to shield the defender from the ball, he can beat double coverage at all levels, including when opposing teams bring in safeties to shadow Carolina's new toy. The 6'5 Wide Receiver's straight-line speed is unquestionable and can make quite a vertical challenge for defenses, ask then Florida Gator cornerback Loucheiz Purifoy when Benjamin tuned the future NFL Draft pick up for 212 yards and three scores in a 37-7 rout.
The bottom line is that the Panthers got a tight end-sized, intimidating, big-play receiver with a rare wingspan. Benjamin demands extra coverage be rolled his way. Showing continual improvement, Benjamin is growing into the position and possesses every attribute necessary to be an ace receiver in the NFL.
Major League Fantasy Sports Radio starts on Monday June 16th 1pm-2pm EST.
Corey D Roberts the owner of MLFS will be on Sports Palooza radio on Thursday June 5th at 2:20pm.
The November issue of Shueisha's V Jump magazine is announcing that Z/X Ignition , the anime adaptation of Nippon Ichi Software's trading card game Z/X Zillions of enemy X (ZX is pronounced as Zex), will premiere on television next January.
The story is set in the not-so-distant future. Five "Black Points" suddenly appeared around the world as portals to parallel worlds. Immediately after, strange creatures began their invasion from these portals. These creatures are the inhabitants of five worlds — the same worlds in different timeframes. In order to ensure their own future timeframe survives, each of the five invasion forces battle to wipe the other future timeframes out. The key is one card-shaped device.
The game advertises itself as the "first free" trading card game system since a free deck is offered at meets held by card shops and events. A PDF file is even posted online so people can print them out themselves. The card game has also been adapted into a PlayStation 3 game and a manga series.
What is Pinch Strength?
pinch strength (n): The ability of the thumb to apply force inward towards the palm.
If you're like me, you've never even heard of pinch strength. However, in the following article you'll learn what you can do with excess amounts of pinch strength, how to train for pinch strength, and where you can learn more about this amazing display of strength. Adding a pinch strength exercise to your strength training regimen will also give you a hefty advantage in several different daily applications and take your grip strength to new levels.
What can I do with excess amounts of Pinch Strength?
If you're an avid rock climber or into bouldering you probably already know that pinch strength is the backbone to the pinch grip. If you want to amaze your friends you'll be able to tear a telephone book in two with ease. Progress a little further and you'll be able to rip a deck of cards in half. The elite among pinch strength enthusiasts are able to lift a blob or a 45-lb York plate by its hub.
How do I train for Pinch Strength?
In the strongest of pinch grips the first knuckle of the thumb is completely extended or slightly bent. The majority of the inward force is generated by the large muscle of the lower palm just beneath the second knuckle. This force is balanced by one or more fingers of the same hand applying a force back towards the thumb. Unless you want to start a civil war in your hand I would advise you to place an object between your thumb and fingers when exercising this type of strength.
Plate Squeeze:
Start out with a pair of 10lb Olympic plates placed side by side and smooth sides out. Rub some climbers chalk on one hand and the plates to counteract any moisture. Squeeze and Lift. This exercise should be performed over a soft surface should you happen to drop the plates at any point. Watch your toes! If you are successful, give three or four a try and then switch to two 25lb plates. When you can manage the 25 plates with one hand, you have developed decent pinch strength. 35lb plates are considered exceptional, 45lb plates â€“ world class.
Block Weights:
One half of a hexagonal or York-style dumbbell, block weights are praised by many to be the ultimate training tool for all around hand strength. They are formed by using a hack-saw or Sawzall to cut then ends of a dumbbell and then a file to smooth out the plane the handle used to connect to. To train, one hand is placed directly over the weight with the thumb making contact with one side and the four fingers the other. Squeeze and Lift. A 25 pound block weight (One half of a 50 lb dumbbell) is a good starting point for beginners. The block weights become larger in size as their poundage rating increases making them harder to lift than a normal linear progression. Additionally, weights can be strung horizontally across the top to increase the difficulty without increase the size of the size of the grip.
Blob:
The Blob (shown right) is one half of a 100 lb old school York dumbbell. Approximately fifty pounds and over 4 inches wide, it was made popular as a strongman feat of strength by Richard Sorin in the seventies.
Olympic Plate Hub:
Once again the York Barbell Company has its foot in the grip domain unintentionally. The hub of an Olympic plate is the center circular ring whose sides can be grasped in a pinching manner. The picture at the beginning of the post shows a 45-lb plate being picked up by its hub. This is considered to be a near impossibility by most.
Hub Pinch Grip:
IronMind, see link below, manufacturers a hub pinch grip than can be attached to a loading pin to progressively load it. This gives us the ability to train up to this ridiculous display of strength.
Pinch Block:
For those of us who canâ€™t manage the above feats, a pinch block gives us a way to systematically train our pinch strength by loading progressive amounts of weight on to a loading pin and attached the block with a carabiner.
Where Can I Learn More?
Hopefully this guide has given you some quick exercises you can do to increase your pinch strength. It's really something you can add to your daily exercise routines. Perhaps I've intrigued you enough to go hardcore. In that case you'll need a few links to be on your way.
Grip Board: The holy grail of grip strength, members worldwide use this as a resource in communicating their efforts of taking this underground craft to new limits.
Diesel Crew: A particular bunch who are among the strongest in the world.
Iron Mind: A company who makes all kinds of grip strength equipment.
Lifting the Blob: Self Explanatory
The badminton men's singles tournament at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games took place from 11 to 20 August at Riocentro - Pavilion 4. On July 21, the seeding was decided.[1]
The event was won by the reigning world champion, China's Chen Long who defeated Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia who was also runner-up to Chen at the 2015 World Championships. This was Wei's third consecutive Olympic silver medal. In the bronze medal match Denmark's Viktor Axelsen defeated Lin Dan of China.
Competition format [ edit ]
The tournament started with a group phase round-robin followed by a knockout stage.
Seeds [ edit ]
A total of 13 players were given seeds.[1]
Results [ edit ]
Group stage [ edit ]
Group A [ edit ]
Group C [ edit ]
Athlete Pld W L SW SL Pts Chou Tien-chen TPE) 2 2 0 4 0 2 Misha Zilberman ISR) 2 1 1 2 2 1 Yuhan Tan BEL) 2 0 2 0 4 0
Group D [ edit ]
Athlete Pld W L SW SL Pts Hu Yun HKG) 2 2 0 4 0 2 Pablo Abián ESP) 2 1 1 2 2 1 Jaspar Yu Woon BRU) 2 0 2 0 4 0
Group E [ edit ]
Group G [ edit ]
Athlete Pld W L SW SL Pts Jan Ø. Jørgensen DEN) 2 2 0 4 0 2 Brice Leverdez FRA) 2 1 1 2 3 1 Raul Must EST) 2 0 2 1 4 0
Group H [ edit ]
Athlete Pld W L SW SL Pts Srikanth Kidambi IND) 2 2 0 4 0 2 Henri Hurskainen SWE) 2 1 1 2 2 1 Lino Muñoz MEX) 2 0 2 0 4 0
Group I [ edit ]
Athlete Pld W L SW SL Pts Rajiv Ouseph GBR) 2 2 0 4 0 2 Sho Sasaki JPN) 2 1 1 2 3 1 Petr Koukal CZE) 2 0 2 1 4 0
Group J [ edit ]
Athlete Pld W L SW SL Pts Tommy Sugiarto INA) 2 2 0 4 0 2 Osleni Guerrero CUB) 2 1 1 2 2 1 Howard Shu USA) 2 0 2 0 4 0
Group K [ edit ]
Group L [ edit ]
Athlete Pld W L SW SL Pts Viktor Axelsen DEN) 2 2 0 4 0 2 Boonsak Ponsana THA) 2 1 1 2 3 1 Lee Dong-keun KOR) 2 0 2 1 4 0
Group M [ edit ]
Athlete Pld W L SW SL Pts Ng Ka Long HKG) 2 2 0 4 0 2 Martin Giuffre CAN) 2 1 1 2 3 1 Pedro Martins POR) 2 0 2 1 4 0
Group N [ edit ]
Athlete Pld W L SW SL Pts Son Wan-ho KOR) 2 2 0 4 0 2 Jacob Maliekal RSA) 2 1 1 2 2 1 Artem Pochtarev UKR) 2 0 2 0 4 0
Group P [ edit ]
Finals [ edit ]
06.03.08 The Milky Way Galaxy (Annotated)
Like early explorers mapping the continents of our globe, astronomers are busy charting the spiral structure of our galaxy, the Milky Way. Using infrared images from NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, scientists have discovered that the Milky Way's elegant spiral structure is dominated by just two arms wrapping off the ends of a central bar of stars. Previously, our galaxy was thought to possess four major arms.
This annotated artist's concept illustrates the new view of the Milky Way, along with other findings presented at the 212th American Astronomical Society meeting in St. Louis, Mo. The galaxy's two major arms (Scutum-Centaurus and Perseus) can be seen attached to the ends of a thick central bar, while the two now-demoted minor arms (Norma and Sagittarius) are less distinct and located between the major arms. The major arms consist of the highest densities of both young and old stars; the minor arms are primarily filled with gas and pockets of star-forming activity.
The artist's concept also includes a new spiral arm, called the "Far-3 kiloparsec arm," discovered via a radio-telescope survey of gas in the Milky Way. This arm is shorter than the two major arms and lies along the bar of the galaxy.
Our sun lies near a small, partial arm called the Orion Arm, or Orion Spur, located between the Sagittarius and Perseus arms.
Ward Cunningham, the creator of the wiki, is proud of his invention. "We changed the world together," he says of those who contributed to his software development site C2, which spawned the online collaboration software that underpins Wikipedia and countless other services across the net.
But there is one thing about the wiki that he regrets. "I always felt bad that I owned all those pages," he says. The central idea of a wiki – whether it's driving Wikipedia or C2 – is that anyone can add or edit a page, but those pages all live on servers that someone else owns and controls. Cunningham now believes that no one should have that sort of central control, so he has built something called the federated wiki.
This new creation taps into the communal ethos fostered by GitHub, a place where software developers can not only collaborate on software projects but also instantly "fork" these projects, spawning entirely new collaborations.
Over the years, developers have written over 35,000 pages of content on C2, all of which reside on Cunningham's server instead of on servers controlled by the author. When you contribute to someone else's wiki, you risk losing all your changes if that site goes down. It also means you have to play by someone else's edit rules.
There's nothing stopping you from copying and pasting your contributions from a wiki, or starting your wiki if you don't like someone else's edits. But it can be hard to attract an audience. Cunningham says that in the early days of the wiki, many other people tried to start software development wikis but most of them didn't get much traction. People wanted to contribute to C2, because that's where the readers were.
The federated wiki is an attempt to solve these problems. As a starting point, he has built a new piece of software – dubbed The Smallest Federated Wiki – to demonstrate the concept. The radical idea of the wiki was to put an edit button on every page. The radical idea of the federated wiki is to put a "fork" button on every page.
Cunningham's vision is that you will have your own wiki, perhaps several wikis. When you see a page on someone else's federated wiki that you want to edit, you can click "fork," and the page is copied into your own wiki where you can edit it. The owner of the original wiki can then decide whether to merge your changes into the original page.
Readers can still find a list of forks, so even if your changes aren't accepted readers can still find your version of a page. The federated wiki concept does more than just help editors own their own data, Max Ogden, a Code for America fellow who has advised Cunningham, tells Wired. It enables dissent.
"Wikipedia forces you to give up your own perspective," Ogden says. There are issues that no one will agree on, but with the federated wiki model, everyone can have their own version of controversial pages. "And they're all linked together, so you can still explore them like a wiki."
The similarities between the federated wiki and GitHub are not coincidental. "The radical code sharing that's implicit to GitHub was an inspiration," Cunningham says.
But is it too nerdy to catch on? To run The Simplest Federated Wiki, you'll need your own web server, which Cunningham thinks is an important part of the project. Cunningham credits this philosophy to Network Startup Resource Center founder Randy Bush, who helped Cunningham set up the server that C2 ran on when it first launched in 1994.
When Cunningham met him in 1994, Bush was helping universities in developing nations set up web servers and connect them to the internet. It was Bush who first introduced Cunningham to the idea that everyone should have their own web server. Cunningham doesn't think you necessarily need to have your own physical server under your desk anymore, but thinks it makes sense for people to control their own servers.
"If people don't control their own infrastructure, they get needy," he says. They're at the mercy of service providers who can disappear, impose rules that constrain creativity and/or make it difficult to backup content that you've created. "It's good to simplify things, but they shouldn't be simplified in such a way as to make the user helpless."
To make Federated Wiki easier to adopt, there's a one-click installer to deploy a server to Amazon Web Services. But today, with even many of most tech savvy of operators choosing to post their content to walled gardens like Facebook, Tumblr, and Google+, Federated Wiki may be facing an uphill battle. But Cunningham is undaunted.
"The assumption is that we won't be creative, but Facebook proves that everyone wants to have their own page, their own stream," Cunningham says.
A former Iowa state senator pleaded guilty to concealing payments he received from former Rep. Ron Paul's presidential campaign to switch his support from Rep. Michele Bachmann.
Kent Sorenson, 42, of Milo, Iowa, entered the guilty plea for one count of causing a federal campaign committee to falsely report its expenditures and one count of obstruction of justice.
According to a Department of Justice release, Sorenson admitted he had supported one campaign for the 2012 presidential election, but from October to December 2011, "he met and secretly negotiated with a second political campaign to switch his support to that second campaign in exchange for concealed payments that amounted to $73,000."
"On Dec. 28, 2011, at a political event in Des Moines, Iowa, Sorenson publicly announced his switch of support and work from one candidate to the other," the release said. That's the day he switched his support from Bachmann to Paul.
"An elected official admitted that he accepted under-the-table payments from a campaign committee to secure his support and services for a candidate in the 2012 presidential election,” Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell said in a statement. "Campaign finance reports should be accurate and transparent, not tools for concealing campaign expenditures. Lying by public officials — whether intended to obstruct the FEC or federal investigators — violates the public trust and the law, and the Department of Justice does not tolerate it."
DOJ said Sorenson was paid about $8,000 a month, with the payments concealed by passing them through a film production company, then through a second company and finally to Sorenson and his spouse. In his plea agreement, Sorenson also admitted that he gave false testimony to an independent counsel appointed at the request of the Iowa Senate Ethics Committee, which was investigating allegations from a former Bachmann campaign employee.
"Today, Mr. Sorenson has taken responsibility for his crimes," said Acting Assistant Director in Charge Timothy A. Gallagher. "Exploiting the political process for personal gain will not be tolerated, and we will continue to pursue those who commit such illegal actions.”
The case is being investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office, with assistance from the Omaha Field Office and the Des Moines Resident Agency, according to the release.
Last year, the Office of Congressional Ethics released a report on Bachmann's campaign , including allegations of payments to Sorenson and various other issues.
Related stories: Michele Bachmann: ‘Handcuff' the ‘Lawless President's Hands' Bachmann Ethics Review Continues 10 Most Quotable Members of Congress Roll Call Election Map: Race Ratings for Every Seat Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call in your inbox or on your iPhone.
This book deals with one of the most pressing social and environmental issues that we face today. The transition to a post-carbon society, in which the consumption of fossil fuels falls over time, has become an inevitability due to
the need to prevent catastrophic climate change, the increasing cost and scarcity of energy, and complex combinations of both of these factors. As the authors point out, this will not only entail political adjustments and the replacement of some technologies by others, but will be accompanied by social and cultural changes that bring about substantial modifications in our societies and ways of life. This book examines whether the current conditions, which date back to the crisis that began in 2007, favour a benign and smooth transition or will make it more difficult and prone to conflict. It argues that, even if this transformation is unavoidable, the directions it will take and the resulting social forms are much less certain. There will be many post-carbon societies, the authors conclude, and any number of routes to social change. Transitioning to a Post-Carbon Society therefore represents a significant contribution to global debates on the environment, and is vital reading for academics, policymakers, business leaders, NGOs and the general public alike.
This month's release of Shroud of the Avatar, much like the last, has a significant focus on combat. The team has been hard at work updating several areas of that core component of gameplay, but they haven't done it alone. According to Shroud of the Avatar‘s Technical Director, Chris Spears, the team has invited several members of the community to special scrum and play sessions as the developers work to dial in the combat system.
The results speak for themselves as the team deals with a number of exploits, balance an array of skills and skill trees, and roll out a slew of new combos. Several of these new combos came directly from the players, and it's a real testament to how seriously the team takes their community. While talking with Chris it's pretty obvious that this isn't a marketing ploy, but rather a genuine desire to use their community as a part of the development process. There's a level of respect here, in both directions, that's really awesome to witness.
advertisement advertisement
Technologic
When Starr Long and Richard Garriott are otherwise engaged, it's often Chris Spears that gets saddled with the Red-Wrangling for the month. I know he hates anything that takes him away from being hip-deep in code, but I love it. Richard and Starr are seriously cool guys in their own rights, but Chris is a technophile of the highest order, and I get the chance to geek out with him on a level that Starr and Richard are typically too busy for.
It may sound boring when I tell you that we spent a chunk of our time this month talking about databases, datasets, and indices, but that's the stuff that actually defines awesome games. Any newb can whip out a bunch of methods and call the various interactions gameplay, but it takes a real pro to go beyond the simple functionality and turn it into something consistently fun. Data drives it all, and these guys are doing it right.
Etceter Mine has been in the works for nearly two months, and promises to be a new favorite after this release.
Tracking the 10,000 interactions a second that currently occur in Shroud and then doing something with it, is in large part the genesis of this new “Combat Scrum.” It's also something that the whole team takes a great deal of pride in. Spears tells me it started with a quick look to see how skills were being used, and who was using them. Several players stood head and shoulders above most others when the results were graphed, so it wasn't long before the five developers had added fifteen players to their number to form the new scrum.
Data drives the weekly sessions as players and developers work together to find a good balance. Chris gave me a great example of their work when he told me about graphing skill utilization. In a balanced system, skill usage should be about level. Better skills are placed deeper in the tree, so that their value is roughly balanced with the resources and difficulty required to attain them.
If one skill, Deathtouch in this case, is being used more than twice as much as the next most common, then the skill is either too powerful or too easily accessed. Putting the skill a layer deeper in the skill tree, as the team did recently, means players will have to spend a few more points to get it. Being on par with skills in other trees, a fairly even distribution of players will choose Deathtouch as chooses one of the other options. Skills that are used too much or too little are indications of a design problem, and data is how the pros spot it.
Doin' It Right
One 90-minute session a week over the last five weeks, and the new scrum is proving its worth several times over. Chris tells me that one of the things they've done is to ensure players focus on problems, not fixes, during these sessions. Since players really don't know precisely how things fit together and what's easier or harder to implement when compared to the developers, this allows them to really focus a lot more on spotting issues.
The developers then propose solutions or implement them for the next test to see how the ideas worked out. They've really found a great balance that leverages the capabilities of both sides of the team extraordinarily well, I think. With about ten items being addressed per session, I'd say there's solid evidence to back that opinion up, as well.
Some great examples of how this has improved the game besides skill balance, are things like their changing how armor works. Chris says they'd changed hits around a bit to impact random locations on the player-model, where they were using the armor in that location for calculations. Testers expressed concerns about the system penalizing players for wanting to wear unique armor pieces.
The devs are empowering players to contribute to feel of the game in a whole new way this release, above is a hint!
Shroud of the Avatar is a game about immersion, and looks matter. The developers don't want the game to be a matter of min-maxing any more than the player-base does, so the system was rolled back and rethought. Chris tells me that they're now putting in armor set bonuses, but are ensuring that many of the quest and backer reward hats are universal, and thus count as part of any set. There are other feedback-based ideas being kicked around that may allow even greater flexibility with those set bonuses down the road.
Players made another massive contribution this month, as well. Developers wanted to add in new combos to continue fleshing out the combat system, and once again turned to their combat scrum guys for thoughts. I've seen the list, and these guys came up with some awesome ideas. One was to combo Summon Skeleton with Enlighten to summon a skeletal mage, or another was to combine Healing and Death rays into a spell that sacrifices a portion of the caster's health to heal the target.
There are several others across a wide array of schools, and that should really go a long ways towards giving people the chance to play their own styles of combat. It's also finally pulling me off the fence about this combat system. It makes a lot more sense now, and last month's changes are making it much playable from a design perspective. I've been pretty worried about it to this point, but I should have known better than to question Lord British.
Rollin' & Scratchin'
Players outside the scrum have also made a cool contribution this month, and data played a part in this one, too. When there are massive spikes of a single spell being used by numerous players in the same area over a very short time span, you would be forgiven for thinking someone may have just found an exploit. …except what in the world could they're doing with Gust?
Chris told me that they recently found several players engaged in their own form of soccer. By meeting in a PvP zone and designating specific features as “goals,” the players then proceeded to Gust the designated “ball” (a volunteered player) around the area in attempts to score on each other.
Gust Ball is all the rage in Shroud, and it just got better.
In true Portalarium fashion, the Shroud of the Avatar team loved the idea and asked themselves how they could make this awesome player-created pastime better. The answer was to give them an actual ball. In the next release, the players will now have a summoned pet “Gust Ball” with tons of health that can be used in lieu of the player volunteer and now enabling everyone to have fun.
Community contribution hardly stops there, though. This pass will also introduce player-written books, with the printing press to follow along later. This will allow players to start populating the world with their own literature, poetry, and is a pretty strong step towards the player-driven quest system that the team is working to implement. That's right. You'll go out and kill ten bears, not because it filled a gap in quest content, but because a specific player needs the pelts and is willing to pay for it.
There's sure to be plenty of community members creating more story-driven quests, as well. This is a community that thrives in their role as a pseudo-development team, but I'm super excited about the economic side of it. I'm sure the player market will continue to exist as an auction-like form of exchange, but economic demands are perfect catalysts for tons of quests. Quests that will make sense and exist within a context that makes them feel much more worthy of a time investment.
As much as the last release demonstrated the team's return to their standards of immersion, this one spotlights the outstanding relationship players and developers enjoy around Shroud of the Avatar. Shroud will never count players in numbers like some of the other massive MMOs we've seen over the last decade, but it's steeped in a culture born of the longest running MMO in existence and a community that manages to make even PvP a positive experience at times. I may be bragging on them a bit for what this release showcases, but I'd say it's really just something everyone around this game has known for a very long time.
President Donald Trump takes a moment before taking the stage during a Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Va., May 29, 2017. (DOD photo by U.S. Air Force Tech. Sgt. Brigitte N. Brantley)
Panelists on MSNBC's agreed the bombshell guilty plea revealed Monday in the Trump-Russia probe was bigger news than the indictments of Paul Manafort and Rick Gates.
The best evidence of the plea's importance was that President Donald Trump suddenly had nothing to say after the special counsel announced former foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos had agreed to plead guilty to lying to FBI agents.
“If you noticed (Monday) there was a tweetstorm that fell silent once the Papadopoulos news came out,” said Heidi Przybyla, senior political correspondent of USA Today. “Now we are getting hotter on the question of collusion, now you have a second campaign official who potentially colluded with the Russians. The Russians were aggressive, they were shopping these emails, they had a receptive potential buyer here in these high-level aides.”
The court documents showed Papadopoulos had been a cooperating witness since his July 27 arrest, and Przybyla said those words “should chill the Trump campaign and officials.”
“He pled to a less serious charge, that is classic case of him cooperating,” Przybyla said. “This railing about leaks, this is being held quite quiet. This is only the beginning of charges either for Manafort and for additional people, and we simply don't know where the top of the fish head is.”
MSNBC's Mike Barnicle said the revelations in those court documents, signed by Papadopoulos, described a nearly textbook definition of collusion.
“If you read the indictment, and collusion is defined as a secret agreement or cooperation especially for an illegal or deceitful purpose, that revelation (Monday) is the definition of collusion,” Barnicle said. “So now have you the introduction of the reality of collusion into the White House.”
- Ken Garduno, Illustrator
Listen To The Story Marketplace Embed Code <iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/08/07/world/trade-stories-globalization-and-backlash/what-went-wrong-with-globalization/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe>
The idea of more open, global trade has been sold as necessary for economic success. Yet today we hear calls to "build a wall" and to break up trading partnerships. Turns out we've seen the pendulum swing between free trade and protectionism many times before. Our series Trade Off looks at key moments when trade barriers have been built up or torn down and at globalization's winners and losers.
Thoughts of a self-proclaimed "globalist": My generation of 40-somethings came of age just as the Berlin Wall fell. The proclaimed ending of the Cold War delivered a new era of increasingly open borders. We could feel it: Professors spoke of the Iron Curtain parting; President George H. W. Bush proclaimed "new world order"; his successor President Bill Clinton talked up the benefits of trade; and now we could see Prague.
That sentiment was echoed in the classrooms and dining halls of colleges across the country. The idea was that globalization was inevitable, logical, efficient. Countries could produce what they were best at and import the rest, providing consumers more of everything in the '80s (pleated pants, Sinead O'Connor albums, oversized eyeglasses) for lower prices. In an era when free market economics triumphed as a belief system, the free movement of goods, money, people and ideas seemed to logically follow.
What a difference a generation makes. In much of the developed world, a backlash against globalization has gained momentum. President Trump has pulled out of an Asia trade deal, threatened to impose new tariffs on foreign steel and proposed to slow legal immigration — and he's still talking about a Mexican border wall. The United Kingdom has filed its divorce papers with the European Union. And anti-migration politicians seem on the march in Europe.
To understand this pushback and where it came from, I figured it was time to return to school, Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. I wanted to check in with some classmates and professors to ask: How did this happen? What did we get wrong?
Marketplace correspondent Scott Tong, center, and his classmates at Georgetown, circa 1987
Cynthia Bertolini is one of three friends from the class of '91 I asked to join me back on campus. She recalled the big moment junior year when the Berlin Wall was demolished before our eyes on television.
"I remember vividly watching the wall come down and thinking about there is no more East Germany, there is no more West Germany," she said. "And thinking, what could that mean elsewhere in the world in terms of opening up?"
For young adults about to enter the workforce, a presumed world without borders meant more job opportunities. Michael Panzera was my sophomore roommate.
"I remember people asking me, 'Why are you majoring in Chinese? Are you going to work in a restaurant?'" he said. "My boyfriend at the time was like, 'Why don't you study accounting or something like that?' I was like, 'You watch! This is going to be important!'"
He, of course, was onto something. I saw myself as a global citizen perhaps most of all. I grew up mostly overseas, in Hong Kong and Taiwan. Not only are these islands dependent on trading with other countries, they were examples of Asian "tiger" economies that grew at warp speed in the 1980s because of their links to foreign investors and foreign customers. If you're of a certain age, you'll recall that T-shirts and jeans used to carry "Made in Taiwan" labels instead of today's "Made in China."
At the time, even our presidents joined the globalization chorus, singing the praises of cooperation and collaboration. President George H. W. Bush proclaimed: "A new world order can emerge. A new era. An era in which the nations of the world can prosper and live in harmony."
President Clinton praised globalization for job opportunities, stating that "Freer trade abroad means more jobs at home. Every billion dollars the United States exports generates 20 or 30,000 more jobs."
New York Times columnist Tom Friedman told us in the '90s that globalization was so powerful that no two countries with McDonald's would ever go to war.
One of my first campus stops was to the office of Georgetown political scientist Jennifer Tobin. She said that whereas trade and globalization expand the economic pie and make for more winners and losers (the standard theory), scholars always warned about distributional effects. There would be people who lose out. This was largely theoretical back in the '80s and '90s, but not today. The pain became real.
"We know who is going to lose their jobs from this," said Brad Jensen, a professor at Georgetown's business school. "And so we need to create policies that redistribute towards them. And that didn't occur. And that didn't occur around the world."
Globalization critics who lost their jobs in the Rust Belts of France, America and England went from the political fringe to center stage. One of the biggest examples: Brexit.
"By focusing on the winners from trade and ignoring the losers, I think we created the situation we're in today," Tobin said.
There's something searing about industrial loss. Behavioral scientists suggest that losing something — say, a job — hurts more than gaining it feels good. The pain is disproportionate. Jensen said that pain also tends to be geographically concentrated and visible.
"I grew up in Detroit. My wife's from Cleveland. I lived in Pittsburgh," Jensen said. "When the global economy, either because of technology or because of trade, moves against an industry, it's not just some firms, it's like the whole region is affected."
Still, he noted that for all the attention paid to factory jobs lost, the U.S. economy is not factory-based and hasn't been for decades.
"The Trump administration is fixated on the manufacturing sector," Jensen said. "The Obama administration was fixated on the manufacturing sector. At this point, it's less than 8 percent of the labor force,"
So, what went wrong with globalization? It got overhyped — as a belief system and trend — and undermanaged. That seems a big part of the answer to the question. But here's the surprise revelation from my back to school homework assignment: Perhaps I wasn't asking the right question.
"What went wrong?” assumes globalization is somehow right, or the normal state of things. It turns out a lot of economic historians challenge that assumption.
"Globalization is not inevitable," said Jamie Martin, an incoming history professor at Georgetown. "It won't necessarily proceed smoothly ... [and it] could easily go into reverse or even collapse."
This raises a provocative question: Is globalization actually an exception? Was that golden period of the 1980s and 1990s — when free market capitalism peaked, the world economy grew, countries lowered their walls — the unusual moment in history? Stepping back, that seems a fair question to ask.
Where does this leave us now?
"Anything can change in the course of a lifetime, and I think that's what's a little bit unsettling right now," Panzera, my old roommate, said. "I feel like we're in the middle of a paradigm shift, and we don't know where we're going to end up."
“I think the best compliment I can give is not to say how much your programs have taught me (a ton), but how much Marketplace has motivated me to go out and teach myself.” – Michael in Arlington, VA As a nonprofit news organization, what matters to us is the same thing that matters to you: being a source for trustworthy, independent news that makes people smarter about business and the economy. So if Marketplace has helped you understand the economy better, make more informed financial decisions or just encouraged you to think differently, we're asking you to give a little something back. Become a Marketplace Investor today – in whatever amount is right for you – and keep public service journalism strong. We're grateful for your support. BEFORE YOU GO
October is here! This year we decided that we wanted to several cocktail and snack pairings based off of horror movies. Since we did The Black Eyed Stickman: A Blair Witch Inspired Cocktail already, we figured we'd do a snack to pair with it. Thus, we present to you Witch Sticks! These chocolate peanut butter pretzels are the perfect combo of salty and sweet!
This recipe isn't hard to make but it is time consuming. Be sure to give yourself plenty of time to put these together. You can use any variation of melt-able chocolate to create Witch Stick. However, the peanut butter and dark chocolate create a look closer to the stickmen figures in The Blair Witch Project and Blair Witch.
Print Witch Sticks: A Blair Witch Inspired Recipe Yield: 10 Witch Sticks Serving Size: 1 Witch Stick Ingredients 35 pretzel sticks (the small ones, not the large rods)
12 oz bag of melt-able dark chocolate candy wafers (we used Make 'n Mold)
Melted peanut butter for drizzle (We used leftover chips but you can use regular peanut butter melted in a bowl by microwave for about 30 seconds) Instructions Melt chocolate wafers per package instructions.
Line a baking sheet with wax paper.
Break 5 of the pretzels in half.
Dip pretzels individually in chocolate. Shake off excess. (You can touch up where you held the pretzel once on the wax paper.
Start by creating a wide set X with the chocolate dipped pretzels on the wax paper.
Take 1/2 pretzel and place in the top part of the X (this is the head). Make sure that the chocolate connects so when dry they will connect.
Finish with a pretzel laid horizontally across the top 2 points of the X.
Allow to sit for at least 15 minutes.
Drizzle with peanut butter.
Allow to set.
Serve. Notes This recipe can be increased as needed and one bag of melt-able chocolate will allow for more than 10 Witch Sticks. For reference, each Witch Stick Stickman is 3.5 pretzel sticks. Recipe Management Powered by Zip Recipes Plugin 5.0 https://2geekswhoeat.com/witch-sticks-blair-witch-inspired-recipe/
*The Geeks attended a sneak preview of The Blair Witch and received promotional material in order to research theming for the cocktail mentioned in this blog but received no other compensation to facilitate this write-up; opinions are wholly our own. View our Disclosure Policy for more info.
Joint Announcement from the Board of GCN and Justin Lee:
Due to irreconcilable differences about the direction and future of the organization, Justin Lee and the GCN Board of Directors have agreed to his amicable separation from the organization. Justin Lee will no longer serve as the executive director of GCN, effective May 4, 2017. Neither Justin nor the Board will publicly discuss the reasons behind Justin's departure other than to affirm that it was a practical business decision intended to allow for the growth of this important work.
Both Justin and the GCN Board of Directors remain committed to pursuing the mission of creating " ... a world in which the next generation of LGBTQ youth will grow up fully loved and embraced by their families, churches, and neighbors; and where Christians worldwide will live up to their calling as instruments of grace and defenders of the outcast." We remain allies in continuing our work for the LGBTQ Christian movement.
As announced at the 2017 Pittsburgh Conference, the Board reaffirms its previous commitment to changing the name of the organization to one that better reflects the diversity of the ministry and the community we serve. Recognizing the long history of Justin's connection with the GCN name, the Board has chosen to accelerate the timing of the name change and will announce it at the 2018 Denver Conference.
From the Board of GCN:
Dear Friends of GCN,
For 16 years the Gay Christian Network has been meeting the spiritual needs of the LGBTQ community throughout our nation. Justin Lee, our founder, has helped GCN become a vibrant and healthy community making a difference for those who have been treated unfairly by the church.
Through GCN and his excellent book, Torn, Justin has been a pioneer helping LGBTQ individuals accept the truth that God loves them, just as they are. Through GCN, he helped those people find a spiritual home. Because of Justin's dedicated work, countless lives have been changed.
The Board of Directors of GCN is grateful for Justin's years of service. Moving forward, however, Justin and the Board have come to realize they have differing perspectives on the operational needs of the ministry. After much prayer and discussion, the Board of Directors and Justin have agreed to separate.
The GCN Board is pleased Justin will continue to speak, write, and produce content serving the LGBTQ community he so dearly loves. There have been no issues that would cause us to be anything but fully supportive of his continuing work in ministry. Those wishing to follow his work are encouraged to do so at JustinSpeaks.com.
Please join us in thanking Justin for his many years of service.
In Christ,
The Board of Directors
The Gay Christian Network, Inc.
From Justin Lee:
Dear friends,
I don't have the words to say how grateful I am for all of your incredible support of me and of this work; the time, energy, and money you've committed to our shared mission has enabled us to accomplish things I never dreamed we could. Running this organization for the last 16 years has been absolutely the most incredible experience of my life, and I will always treasure the memories and the knowledge of how we've changed the world together.
As sad as I am to say goodbye, my hope and prayer for this organization is that it will always stay grounded in a passion for Jesus Christ and uphold an ongoing commitment to living out His light and love in all things. In Christ, anything is possible, and yet there are still so many people who have experienced the gospel as a hindrance rather than a hope, who've been led to believe that God doesn't love them—or at least that the church doesn't—and who feel all alone. They need to know they're never alone.
As for me, I continue to feel a calling to change hearts and minds in the church for the sake of those who still don't have that support. Even though I am no longer involved at GCN, I will still be speaking out on the issues that matter to our community and doing all I can to support those in need. I'm as passionate about this work today as I was back in 2001, when GCN was just a website I was running out of my apartment! In the days ahead, I will share more at JustinSpeaks.com about my future plans, and I would love to hear from you there.
Thank you again for your love and support. To those I've had the privilege of interacting with over the years, I sincerely hope our paths will cross again in the future. If not, you will certainly be on my heart and in my prayers. Love to you all, and may God bless you.
In Christ,
Justin
In Closing:
The Board has hired an Interim Executive Director who will be introduced to the community soon. The Interim Executive Director will be in place while the Board commences a national search for a new CEO who can lead us into the future.
Constantino Khalaf, our Director of Operations, will continue to direct the GCN staff in preparation for the 2018 Conference in Denver, the October 2017 Youth Retreat in Wilkes-Barre, PA in October, and the other ongoing offerings of GCN.
We ask for your prayers for Justin, and for GCN, as we all work to create vibrant spiritual opportunities for LGBTQ people of faith.
Dianne Lynn Savage (Facebook)
Farmville Central High School in North Carolina is coming under fire for what conservatives believe is an attempt to indoctrinate children into the Muslim faith using Common Core vocabulary exercises.
Fox News commentator Todd Starnes attacked the school on behalf of anonymous parents he spoke to. “What if right after Pearl Harbor our educational system was talking about how great the Japanese emperor was?” one such parent asked. “What if during the Cold War our educational system was telling students how wonderful Russia was?”
The exercises in question are designed to broaden students' vocabulary while also teaching them about the Islamic faith. For example, the word “mosque” is defined in one sentence, and students are later asked to use the word in a fill-in-the-blank exercise.
In a statement, the Pitt County School District stated that “[t]he course is designed to accompany the world literature text, which emphasizes culture in literature.”
But that was not enough for one friend of a mother of a student at Farmville High, Floridian Dianne Lynn Savage, who posted a video about the assignment on Facebook that went viral over the weekend.
“Can you see my rage?” Savage asked as she read from the vocabulary building exercise. “This is not made up, this isn't paranoia, this isn't Islamophobia — this is just fact.”
“You all understand what they're doing?” she asked. “Bringing in this type of worksheet and this particular lesson, it's very subliminal. And the fact that you're using words like, ‘exciting' and ‘imaginary,' and that you're trying to look like it's a wonderful thing. They're infiltrating our children's minds!”
“When was the last time you saw your son or daughter, or grandson or granddaughter, come home from public school with a lesson built around God or Jesus Christ?” she asked. “I thought this wasn't allowed. I thought they didn't allow religion in public schools.”
“Now, I know that Muslim isn't a religion,” Savage continued. “But everybody else wants to classify it as a religion, so why is it being allowed in the schools? They are indoctrinating our children again! They are continuing to indoctrinate them! Only now they're taking it to a whole new level, my friends.”
In a different video featuring Savage's husband, Darcy, he discussed his views on why he “doesn't want Muslims here [in America].”
After noting that some Muslims are secular and “probably going skiing on weekends,” he said that he still does “not want them here, because I tell you what — I trust none of them. For one thing, they don't condemn what's in the Koran. You are what you're taught, and you grow up learning this,” he said, holding up a copy of the Koran, “then you are this.”
“This shit is horrible,” he added, “horrible, horrible, horrible stuff. Research Sharia, people! We have never coexisted, we do not coexist now, and we will never coexist — and the more you try to put us together, the more bloodshed that will be out there.”
Watch Dianne Lynn Savage's entire video via Facebook below.
The Harper government will not resurrect its controversial Internet surveillance bill, and will not introduce new legislation to monitor the activities of people on the web.
The bill, which excited outrage over possible privacy violations on the Internet, marks a legislative failure for the Harper majority government.
"We've listened to the concerns of Canadians," Justice Minister Rob Nicholson told reporters outside the House of Commons on Monday.
Story continues below advertisement
He said that "we will not be proceeding with Bill C-30. And any attempts to modernize the criminal code will not contain …warrantless mandatory disclosure of basic subscriber information or the requirement for telecommunications service providers to build intercept capability within their systems."
Instead, the government has carved out a sliver of the bill to ensure warrantless wiretaps during emergencies remain legal.
"We are immensely relieved," said Chantal Bernier, the federal assistant privacy commissioner. She said the government's reversal "is the result of the recognition of the fundamental right to privacy of Canadians, and also of their attachment to it."
Bill C-30 caused a furor when it was introduced a year ago this week. The legislation would have permitted police and other government officials to compel Internet service providers to disclose identifying information linked to clients' ISP addresses without a warrant.
Telecommunications companies would also have been required to collect and store data on clients' digital activities.
The law was fiercely opposed by federal and provincial privacy commissioners as a fundamental intrusion on privacy rights.
Public Safety Minister Vic Toews added to the conflagration when he infamously asserted that critics of the bill must choose to be either "with us or with the child pornographers."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Stung by the controversy, the Conservatives said the bill would be referred to a committee for study. Instead, it languished untouched for a year, although Mr. Toews continued to insist the legislation would go ahead.
But Mr. Nicholson has made it clear that won't happen.
"This is a great day," said Ontario Privacy Commissioner Ann Cavoukian, one of the staunchest opponents of the Internet surveillance bill. "This is a victory for privacy and for freedom."
The government climb-down was proof, she said, that perseverance married to a strong case could get results that, in this instance, protect the privacy rights of all Canadians.
"That's why this is such a victory today."
Bill C-55, which was originally part of the Internet surveillance legislation, will bring federal laws into conformity with a Supreme Court decision of last year.
Story continues below advertisement
Without the bill, police could lose the power to tap a phone without a warrant when they believe a major crime is under way or imminent that could cause grave harm to people or property.
Last April, the Supreme Court struck down the 20-year-old law, on the grounds that it did not require police to inform those who had been wiretapped after the fact or provide for any other oversight of the police power.
The judges suspended their ruling for a year – until this April – so that Parliament could fashion a remedy.
With the new legislation, Mr. Nicholson aims to satisfy the court's concerns. The bill requires that the objects of warrantless wiretaps be notified afterward and that federal and provincial governments issue annual reports on their use. It also limits the types of officials who can employ the wiretaps and the particular crimes that can be involved.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this article incorrectly spelled the name of Ontario Privacy Commissioner Ann Cavoukian. This online version has been corrected.
Fans have been dreading this moment ever since Adam Scott turned up on Parks And Recreation, and today Deadline made it official: Party Down is no more. Despite its fervent following—including avowed fan and Starz CEO Chris Albrecht—the network decided that the show's appeal was not “wide enough” to justify keeping it on the schedule. As we said, this probably isn't a surprise: First Jane Lynch defected to Glee, then Ryan Hansen signed on for the sitcom-we-want-to-stab-in-the-face-on-principle Friends With Benefits, then Lizzy Caplan filmed the CBS pilot Mad Love (though she gave Party Down fans false hope when she was recently replaced by Judy Greer), and then, of course, Scott moved on up to NBC like he's some sort of big shot now. And when most of your lead cast is edging toward the door like that, it's really only a matter of time. Sad nevertheless. An official announcement is expected later today.
Advertisement
(San Marcos, CA) , — Looking to continue to grow The Lost Abbey and Port Brewing's offerings to even more Southern Californians, The Lost Abbey is taking steps to opening its first satellite tasting room, choosing the community of Cardiff.
The new potential tasting room location, located at 2007 San Elijo Avenue in the Cardiff Towne Center Complex (Cardiff's largest shopping center) will serve as an alternative destination to enjoy The Lost Abbey's core lineup as well as beers from its award winning barrel-aging program.
Throughout its 8 year history, The Lost Abbey has crafted beers focusing on small batches with unique identities, making the decision to open an intimate space in a community like Cardiff that much easier.
“Cardiff has always been one of my favorite beach communities,” said Director of Brewery Operations Tomme Arthur. “We love its fiercely independent feel and a love of the local beaches makes it a special place for us.”
The construction of the new tasting room location still has several obstacles to overcome. Port Brewing Co / The Lost Abbey will be reaching out to the Cardiff community for support in this venture. The biggest hurdle is the Planning Commission hearing with the City of Encinitas, taking place Thursday, June 19th at 6pm.
The Lost Abbey is encouraging residents of both Cardiff and Encinitas to join us at the meeting (at The Encinitas Civic Center, 505 S. Vulcan Avenue) to help bring our award-winning beers to their coastal area and along the way, become an additional community center for the neighborhood of Cardiff.
About Port Brewing / The Lost Abbey
Founded in 2006, Port Brewing and The Lost Abbey produce an extensive line-up of continental and American- inspired ales and lagers. Under the direction of visionary brewmaster and co-founder Tomme Arthur, the brewery has garnered dozens of awards in its seven-year history including the 2007 Great American Beer Festival Small Brewery of the Year, The 2008 world Beer Cup Champion Small Brewery and the 2013 Champion Brewery at the San Diego International Beer Festival. The company's beers, many of which are aged in oak barrels for 12 months or longer, are universally recognized for their complexity, unique flavors and bold boundary-pushing styles. For more information, contact Port Brewing / The Lost Abbey at 155 Mata Way, Suite 104, San Marcos, CA 92069, telephone (800) 918-6816, and on the web at www.LostAbbey.com
The Queensland teenager who was attacked by a crocodile on a dare has relived the “pure agony” he felt in the moments after the attack.
Lee De Paauw, 18, says he'd had about “ten cups of goon” with friends when he deliberately jumped into the Johnstone River at Innisfail early on Sunday morning, to impress “a beautiful backpacker” named Sophie Paterson.
He had been teasing a group of travellers by telling them crocodiles were more likely to attack a backpacker than an Australian, when he decided to prove his point and jump into the water.
The crocodile grabbed him almost immediately.
“(The crocodile) took me underneath the water, shook its head a bit, and I managed to get a good punch in on its eye, and then it let go and I swam back to the stairs,” Mr De Paauw told The TODAY Show this morning.
The Queensland teen said he didn't feel any pain at first, but that didn't last long.
“I didn't feel no pain at first, it was all adrenalin, but afterwards when I walked up to the main street I was just in pure agony,” he said.
“I couldn't stop screaming.”
Ms Paterson said she “watched on in horror” as a three-meter crocodile suddenly latched onto the dare-devil's arm.
“I've never heard a guy scream like that,” she told 9NEWS.
“There was a lot of blood, a lot of bone.”
Lee De Paauw, 18, was attacked by a crocodile in the Johnstone River. (Facebook) ()
When TODAY host Karl Stefanovic asked Mr De Paauw if Ms Paterson was special to him, however, he seemed less than enthusiastic.
“She's not really, just another girl,” he said.
“But she's really good looking and had been kind to me the night before.”
The river is known for having a large crocodile population (AAP) ()
Ms Paterson has agreed to go to the movies with Mr De Paauw following the stunt, prompting his belief “it was all worth it”.
He has been released from hospital, where he was treated for two broken bones and gauge marks, but added he will go back in later today for another procedure.
The crocodile that attacked Mr De Paauw is reportedly well known to locals. It's said to be around three metres long, and frequently swims around the boats ported along the Johnstone River.
A trap has been set up to catch it despite Mr De Paauw's wish for it to remain unharmed.
“I don't want that crocodile harmed. I want it to life a happy life,” he said.
Read more: Police search for crocodile after spearfisherman's body found in far north Queensland
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Indian leaders retorted strongly to Pakistan army chief's comment that the troubled state of 'Kashmir' was its 'Jugular vein'. In a strong response, Lt. General PN Hoon said, "The statement is bizarre, Kashmir is the heart and a part of India."
Congress leader Rashid Alvi reacted strongly on Pakistan Army Chief's comment and said, "If they consider Kashmir as jugular vein, they must know that we are competent enough to cut it off
Pakistan's Army Chief Calls Kashmir its 'Jugular Vein
Terming Kashmir as the "jugular vein" of Pakistan, the country's Army Chief Gen Raheel Sharif on Wednesday said the issue should be resolved in accordance with the wishes and aspirations of Kashmiris and in line with United Nations Security Council (UNSC) resolutions for lasting peace in the region.
Addressing the main ceremony to mark the 'Youm-e-Shuhada' (Martyrs' Day) at GHQ Rawalpindi, Gen Sharif said Kashmir was an internationally recognised dispute.
"Matchless sacrifices offered by Kashmiris will not go in vain," he said.
The resolution of the Kashmir issue is "indispensable" for lasting peace in the region, he said.
"Pakistan Army is in favour of peace but is always ready to respond to any aggression in befitting manner," he said.
Pakistan has often described Kashmir as the "jugular vein" but this is the first time Gen Sharif has used the term or spoken about Kashmir since taking over late last year.
Talking about domestic issues, he said that Pakistan Army believes in strengthening of democracy, supremacy of constitution and rule of law.
The army chief lauded the media and said: "We believe in freedom of media and responsible journalism".
His comments came amid a controversy surrounding the attack on leading Geo TV anchor Hamid Mir and subsequent move by the Defence Ministry seeking cancellation of the broadcasting licence of the channel.
Sharif said Pakistan Army supports every effort for elimination of terrorism and restoration of peace in the country.
He said armed forces of Pakistan are capable enough to foil the nefarious designs of the enemy and remain alert round the clock for defence of the motherland.
Nobody should doubt the capabilities of Pakistan Army as it will come to the expectations of the nation, he said.
Sharif asked anti-state elements to unconditionally accept Pakistan's Constitution and join the national mainstream otherwise the military "with the support of people will take them to task".
The ceremony was attended by a large number of dignitaries, including Defence Minister Khawaja Asif and former Army Chief Ashfaq Pervez Kayani.
People reacted to the statement on Twitter:
Heights of irresponsibility of Pak army chief to say Kashmir is Pak's jugular vein..what the hell is that? We need peace n not war.. May 1, 2014
By Dick Taylor
BBC Horizon
Danny Wallace investigates for Horizon
She's been rearing a small group of apes as if they are people, to see what happens.
Her results appear to be spectacular, at least to writer Danny Wallace: "Kanzi asked me for a present. I gave him the free toothbrush kit from my flight over. He brushed his teeth. We bonded."
Danny is a seasoned television campaigner: he showed us How To Start Your Own Country on BBC Two last year.
You could say that an adult chimp has more of the characteristics of a person than a new born baby
Julian Baggini, philosopher
Many primatologists are devising experiments that show chimps are ever more people-like than was thought just a few years ago; and yet, as scientists, they will not countenance that chimps could ever be people.
Yes and no
At the Yerkes Primate Centre in Atlanta, Danny finds out from researcher Victoria Horner that chimps have culture...
Victoria: "This experiment is the first definite evidence that chimpanzees can pass on ideas to each other. That is the basis of culture."
Danny: "So, are they people then?"
In Budongo National Park, Uganda. Katie Slocombe from St Andrews University is studying vocalisations with wild chimps...
Katie: "Chimps produce an incredibly wide range of sounds. It appears that they may have a rudimentary language."
Danny: "So, are they people then?
Katie: "No"
Alicia Melis of the Max Planck Institute in Leipzig conducts experiments to see if chimps have a quintessential human character, one that was thought to be absent till now: co-operation...
Alicia: "Chimps can co-operate, they can even choose the best co-operator to help them when presented with a range of their mates."
Danny: "...they co-operate, they're people?
Alicia: "Sort of!"
Researchers continue to find more and more human-like behaviours
According to philosopher Julian Baggini, it is possible that non-human animals like chimps could be people.
"You could say that an adult chimp has more of the characteristics of a person than a new born baby," he says.
After all, though humans and chimps are different species, they share up to 99.4% of their most crucial DNA (the figure is difficult to calculate exactly and depends on the scientist you speak to). And to prove how similar we are to chimps, Danny takes part in a potentially humiliating experiment.
The scent of male sweat is controlled by their genes, in both chimps and men. In a blind test, three women were asked to sniff the sweat of Danny and Cody the chimp, to see which one they fancied most.
When they found out afterwards that one of the odours was from a chimp, there was laughter. When they realised that two out of three had preferred the chimp, there was nervous laughter.
'Learning key'
When Danny finally reaches Des Moines, the issue comes into focus.
The chimp and human genomes are very, very close
Having brushed his teeth Kanzi, a 26-year-old bonobo, built like a heavyweight boxer and who is five times stronger than an average man, looks into Danny's eyes and asks him to play "Chase".
So they hang out together for a while, because that's what Kanzi has learned to do. And for Sue Savage Rumbaugh, learning is the key.
"Take a human child. If you lock him into a cage, never take him to the mall, never give him ice-cream, never teach him to communicate - how could he become a person?" asks Sue.
Chimps are human? Never. Chimps are people? You decide.
Horizon: Chimps Are People Too is on BBC Two at 2100 BST on Tuesday 10 October. Watch video highlights at Horizon's website.
As the new broadcast television season begins, so do the fan laments over their favorite shows.
“Oh no! It needs to get a 2.0 rating to survive!” “That's too much of a drop, it'll never make it!” “Look at how well Big Bang Theory did, my show's a goner!”
Fortunately for fans of individual TV shows, their renewal and cancellation decisions are a lot like the old joke about two guys being chased by a bear.
You don't have to outrun the bear, you just have to outrun the other guy!
In the broadcast TV world, for scripted shows “the other guy” is the other scripted shows on the same network. And you don't have to outrun them all, even being a little below average in the adults 18-49 ratings (~10%) for the show's network still means pretty certain renewal.
Fans wanting to see where their favorite broadcast scripted shows stack up on a relative basis vs. the other shows on their network should read our Renewal / Cancel Index posts. I update them late each Tuesday with the newest ratings results and renewal and cancellation projections.
Next week there will only be posts for the CW and NBC (no other networks will premiere scripted shows until next week), but starting September 28 every English broadcast network will have its own weekly post going forward.
You can always reach our latest Renew / Cancel Index posts by clicking on the Renewal / Cancel link in the white nav bar above.
Note: Of course, it's the absolute ratings that matter to each network's bottom line. So when all the shows on a particular network have ratings drops, it's not bad news for any one of the shows in particular, but it is bad news for the network.
A nationwide, general strike is happening today, Friday, February 17. Tens of thousands of people are planning to participate in almost every state across the country. They plan to skip work or school and, instead, attend rallies and marches across the country. In addition, a Women's Strike is planned for March 8 and an Immigrants' Strike happened yesterday. One of the groups organizing the events is Strike4Democracy. In New York City alone, nearly 20,000 people have responded with interest in a march. (To see photos from today's strikes, please see Heavy's story here.)
Here are the cities with strikes and protests planned for today, listed alphabetically by state. These were put together by Strike4Democracy, along with a crowdsourced list that Strike4Democracy is also sharing. You can find a complete, updated list here. Click on the links below to find out what time the events are happening and the locations.
Alabama Strike
Birmingham: https://www.facebook.com/groups/12202135280261272/
Arizona Strikes
Phoenix: https://www.facebook.com/events/385935845102660/?hc_location=ufi
Tucson: Tucson F17 General Strike, 6-9 p.m.
California Strikes
Chico: General Strike! Solidarity Potluck and Teach In, 11 a.m.
Glendale: https://www.facebook.com/events/144685683342011560/?hc_location=ufi
Los Angeles: Los Angeles National General Strike, 9 a.m.-5 p.m., 532 S. Olive St.
Los Angeles: Federal Building, Legal Community Strikes Back on #F17, 10 a.m.-Noon
Los Angeles: https://www.facebook.com/events/1835272753416832/
Los Angeles (Lupercalia Celebration): https://www.facebook.com/events/182504192228189/
Sacramento https://www.facebook.com/events/171327616700766/
San Diego https://www.facebook.com/events/136345946147009370/
San Diego #2 https://www.facebook.com/events/1375232155844110/?hc_location=ufi
San Francisco https://www.facebook.com/events/66578894303621770/
San Francisco #2 https://www.facebook.com/events/1415006365197074/
San Francisco: Apple Pie Potluck and Constitutional Law Teach-In, 5:30-9 p.m.
Santa Cruz: Santa Cruz General Strike, 11:30 a.m.-3 p.m.
Sonoma: Sonoma Plaza Solidarity Strike, 9-11 a.m.
Ventura https://www.facebook.com/events/1846034500798990171/
Colorado Strikes
Denver https://www.facebook.com/events/1219840644778652/?hc_location=ufi
Denver #2 https://www.facebook.com/events/705037692988997/?hc_location=ufi
Connecticut Strikes
New London https://www.facebook.com/events/1644585589180273/
Middletown https://www.facebook.com/events/675914989254944/
Stamford: Leafletting Campaign for INDIVISIBLE — CT, Southern Fairfield County, 6:30 a.m.-8:30 p.m.
Florida Strikes
Bradenton/Sarasota http://www.actiontogethersuncoast.com/events.html
Daytona Beach https://www.facebook.com/events/580319902166615/
Fort Walton Beach https://www.facebook.com/events/1437328512952362/
Florida Panhandle Area https://www.facebook.com/events/266328237122733/
Miami https://www.facebook.com/MIAF17?hc_location=ufi
Miami (General Strike & Sanctuary Demonstration) https://www.facebook.com/events/1190827384288168/ [c][d][e][f]
West Palm Beach https://www.facebook.com/events/761845633968011/
Iowa Strikes
Davenport https://www.facebook.com/events/1808276026093275/
Mason City https://www.facebook.com/events/874961109310627/
Idaho Strikes
Boise https://www.facebook.com/events/1454113951267795/
Boise #2 https://www.facebook.com/events/187681825045001/?hc_location=ufi
Illinois Strikes
Chicago: Chicago General Strike, 11 a.m.
Chicago https://www.facebook.com/events/249413662168043/
Chicago: https://www.facebook.com/events/1313906591965438/?hc_location=ufi
Chicago: https://www.meetup.com/Indivisible-Chicago/events/237438361
Elgin https://www.facebook.com/events/607993969400220/
report this ad
Northwestern https://www.facebook.com/groups/1808454932738390/?hc_location=ufi
Rockford: Defund DAPL: Whistle Stop Local Divestment Tour, 10 a.m.-12 p.m.
Indiana Strikes
Bloomington https://www.facebook.com/events/375124702850601/?hc_location=ufi
Indianapolis https://www.facebook.com/events/1143674042422749/
Greater Lafayette https://www.facebook.com/events/1236425889756849/
Kentucky Strikes
Louisville: U of L Activist Camp, 8 a.m.-5 p.m.
Kentucky https://www.facebook.com/groups/164678747361635/
Louisiana Strikes
New Orleans: https://www.facebook.com/events/1835512103373166/
Maryland Strikes
Baltimore: Baltimore Strike4Democracy, 11:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m.
Massachusetts Strikes
Amherst: Student Strike for Sanctuary, 10 a.m.-3 p.m.
Boston, MA https://www.facebook.com/events/762291007253325/
Boston, MA #2 https://www.facebook.com/events/392251921109029/
Boston, MA National Lawyers Guild https://www.facebook.com/events/213518739121030/
Maine Strikes
(statewide event) https://www.facebook.com/groups/1629725860668066/?hc_location=ufi
Augusta https://www.facebook.com/events/1809474935986889/
Belfast https://www.facebook.com/events/1651270095178174/?notif_t=plan_user_joined¬if_id=1486594793710387
Colby Community https://www.facebook.com/events/222858591510840/
Michigan Strikes
Detroit https://www.facebook.com/events/265438213881692/?hc_location=ufi
Detroit https://www.facebook.com/events/1168855033212032/
Lansing https://www.facebook.com/groups/403142693371893/
Montague https://www.facebook.com/events/1206667272785370/
Missouri Strikes
Kansas City https://www.facebook.com/events/1843664715886533/
Kansas City #2 https://www.facebook.com/events/1834432070158686/
St. Louis https://www.facebook.com/events/371057879944445/?hc_location=ufi
St. Louis https://www.facebook.com/events/1223272844409242/?hc_location=ufi
St. Louis, MO (STL disability rights) https://www.facebook.com/events/593213460887594/
Nebraska Strikes
Lincoln https://www.facebook.com/events/744176782396562/
Omaha https://www.facebook.com/events/873597816113801/
Nevada Strikes
Pahrump: Resist and Strike
New Hampshire Strikes
Concord: Strike for Democracy – Picket at the Statehouse, 11 a.m.-2 p.m.
New Jersey Strikes
New Brunswick https://www.facebook.com/events/231126700682470/?hc_location=ufi
Metuchen https://www.facebook.com/events/749866185177448/?ti=cl
New Mexico Strike
Albuquerque https://www.facebook.com/events/1642887836005912/
New York Strikes
Buffalo https://www.facebook.com/events/1813883135529372/?hc_location=ufi
Canton https://www.facebook.com/events/875747612562392/
Clinton https://www.facebook.com/events/167517580414281/
East Setauket https://www.facebook.com/events/852377634904845/
Hudson https://www.facebook.com/events/228239137636985/?hc_location=ufi
Ithaca https://www.facebook.com/events/1619263028382036/
Ithaca: Teach in on Islam, the Middle East, and America, 10 a.m.-Noon
New York: NYC Solidarity Rally for the General Strike, 1-5 p.m.
New York https://www.facebook.com/events/635486416639686/
New York City #2 https://www.facebook.com/events/386561041701087/?hc_location=ufi
New York https://www.facebook.com/events/261769274253581/
North Carolina Strikes
Asheville https://www.facebook.com/events/432688397062193/?ti=cl
Mooresville https://www.facebook.com/events/1852603221684995/
Charlotte https://www.facebook.com/events/1275957009165901/
Waynesville: Feb17 Strike Waynesville, NC, Congressman Mark Meadows' Office
Ohio Strikes
Columbus: Protest at Portman's Columbus office, 12-1:30 p.m.
Columbus https://www.facebook.com/events/1211593252289138/
Ohio https://www.facebook.com/events/365328887178640/?hc_location=ufi
Dayton https://www.facebook.com/events/1798864943709925/
Toledo https://www.facebook.com/events/714157102042540/?hc_location=ufi
Oregon Strikes
Corvallis https://www.facebook.com/events/370902973287553/?hc_location=ufi
Eugene https://www.facebook.com/events/1190364557743669/
Portland https://www.facebook.com/events/306108939787407/?hc_location=ufi
Portland #2 https://www.facebook.com/events/1341838239187678/
Portland: PEP TALK , 7:30-8:30 p.m.
Pennsylvania Strikes
Lansdowne https://www.facebook.com/events/1172153619568065/
Lewisburg https://www.facebook.com/events/707455546092438/
Lewisburg: Bucknell Strike4Democracy is asking students and faculty to join. A rally will begin at Malesardi Quad at 10:30 a.m., followed by a full day of activities including teach-ins, a “funeral” for the death of science, and more.
Philadelphia: Art Students Create in Solidarity with the National Strike, 5-9 p.m.
Philadelphia: General Strike Bike Protest, Philadelphia Museum of Art, 5-11 p.m.
Philadelphia https://www.facebook.com/events/965811376853102/?hc_location=ufi
Philadelphia bike protest https://www.facebook.com/events/204561906684567/
Pittsburgh: General Strike February 17th, Sen. Pat Toomey's Office, 10 a.m.-2 p.m.
Pittsburgh https://www.facebook.com/groups/2391806477626722/?hc_location=ufi
Pittsburgh https://www.facebook.com/events/258350924602938/
West Philadelphia: https://www.facebook.com/events/1342970022440613/
Rhode Island Strikes
Providence: National Lawyers Guild rallies for Human Rights and Against Fascism on 02/17 at 1:00pm, U.S. District Court across from Kennedy Plaza https://www.facebook.com/events/692589174247810/
Rhode Island https://www.facebook.com/groups/361221687592604/?hc_location=ufi
Tennessee Strikes
Chattanooga https://www.facebook.com/events/1082650528511527/
Nashville https://www.facebook.com/events/266413737125738/?hc_location=ufi
Texas Strikes
Austin https://www.facebook.com/groups/1395078013857340/?hc_location=ufi
Plano: Plano F17 Strike, Haggard Park Downtown
Utah Strikes
Moab: A Day of Community & Resistance, 11 a.m.-5 p.m.
Salt Lake City https://www.facebook.com/events/253443191747191/?ti=cl
Salt Lake City #2 https://www.facebook.com/events/1789897834669643/
Virginia Strikes
Norfolk, VA (#f17 Water Protectors) https://actionnetwork.org/events/f17-water-protectors-solidarity
Richmond https://www.facebook.com/events/167443840414906/
South west https://www.facebook.com/events/421282404877318/
South west https://www.facebook.com/events/1825562254365505/
Statewide https://www.facebook.com/groups/840865556052839/?hc_location=ufi
Statewide https://www.facebook.com/groups/840865556052839/?hc_location=ufi
Winchester https://www.facebook.com/events/386481725048028/
Washington Strikes
San Juan Island https://www.facebook.com/groups/1414939578811240/permalink/1654724464832749/
Seattle https://www.facebook.com/events/757872987715152/
Seattle: Solidarity Strike , 11 a.m.-4 p.m.
Seattle: Pike Place Market UNITY in Support for the General Strike 2/17, 12:15-1:15 p.m.
Yakima https://www.facebook.com/events/1137002016408275/
Washington D.C. Strikes
Washington, DC https://www.facebook.com/groups/1142082962569333/
Wisconsin Strikes
Wisconsin https://www.facebook.com/StrikeWisconsin/
La Crosse https://www.facebook.com/couleeprogressives/
Did you see any events that we missed? Let us know in the comments below.
[color-box color=”orange”]This video illustrates how U.K Muslim migrants with more than one wife will get more welfare checks. Is this fair to local Brits? Why are they being forced to follow the rules of a religion they do not ascribe to? If the person has a second wife, he should have to choose one or be forced to survive on one check. It appears that politicians are looking to buy votes in the future by securing a base that stays subservient to them? The best way to achieve this is to get them hooked onto benefit the moment they step into the country. This is going to create immense resentment and lead to massive religious war. The seeds of extreme violence are being sown now. [/color-box]
The second video shows you how wild and unruly the Muslim refugees are and how they listen more to their Imam. Strict rules need to be enforced, and a very stringent filtration process implemented that disqualifies all Low IQ and radical individuals.
Tough Love is needed
One cannot help every single person and this quote from a recent article in the Telegraph by a mother sum it up best
But never have phrases such as “tough love” or “cruel to be kind” been apter.
Take 3,000 from the jungle and 3,000 more will arrive within days. Then another 3,000 will arrive days after that. How many will die on the journey? How many will be terrified, starved, subjected to life-threatening diseases and horribly abused on the way to France? How many of the older kids will be exposed to hard drugs while they're in the camp, which appears to be run by louts at best and hardened criminals at worst? The fact is, the more we take in, the more children will be abandoned to the cruel sea and the even crueller people traffickers. Is this really what we want?
Looking after our own children can be a challenging enough job for most of us. Looking after a child who can't speak English is utterly traumatised, and believes that their parents have abandoned them takes very special skills. Too few people in this country have those skills for Jeremy Corbyn and others to be making sweeping gestures. Being closest to Calais, Kent County Council is at the sharp end of the refugee crisis. In 2014, the council had 238 refugee children in the care of social services. By the end of last year, that number had shot up to over 900, and Kent was facing a £6.5 million shortfall in funding. The council is now looking after 1,382 refugee children. It's all very well Corbyn calling for action: will he take responsibility when Kent social services are so over-stretched and under-funded that another case reminiscent of Baby P or Victoria Climbie slips under the professionals' radar? Or will he make political capital out of their failures? Full Story
Outcome of uncontrolled immigration
Rents will rise and so will the cost of homes as more and more people compete for the same resources. The government will not be able to build affordable housing units fast enough and in some countries like Britain, the Government has been behind schedule for a long time. All this sets up the perfect ingredients for slums and or overcrowding, which then sets the perfect backdrop as a breeding ground for violence and drugs.
Regarding the market, it means that the governments will create as much money out of thin air as needed to not only support the economy and surge in social services they will have to provide to the newly arrived immigrants. The favourite trick regarding the economy is to prop the markets, to create the illusion that the economy is doing well. This method is being actively employed in the U.S; our economy is actually in tatters, but the propping up of the stock market with hot money creates the illusion that all is well. This trick serves to make the rich even richer, drives the Middle Class into the Doghouse, and pushes the poor into the grave at a young age.
[color-box color=”orange”]As long as the trend is up, strong market pullbacks need to be viewed as buying opportunities. [/color-box]
[maxbutton id=”1″]
Other Newsworthy Events
Green Peace Co-founder believes Climate Change is a colossal scam (March 22)
U.S Superpower End Game: Russia & China on Gold Buying Spree (March 11)
Saving for retirement: Invest in stocks & retire rich (March 9)
China powering ahead with supply-side reforms (March 8)
Stock Bull Market over; Mob Psychology disagrees (March 2)
Beliefs Dangerous to long-term financial success (March 1)
Can China Attract Foreign Talent via Issuing extra Green Cards (Feb 29)
Obama administration continues to suppress report on CIA torture
By Tom Carter
16 November 2015
A November 5 letter from Democratic Senators Dianne Feinstein and Patrick Leahy highlights the ongoing efforts by the Obama administration to suppress the Senate Intelligence Committee's December 2014 report on the Central Intelligence Agency's torture program.
The full 6,700-page report has not been made public, but a heavily-redacted 525-page executive summary was released in December of last year. That summary proved beyond a shadow of doubt that the CIA had systematically perpetrated war crimes, including the most disturbing and sadistic forms of torture. An incomplete list of CIA crimes includes forced nudity, exposure to extreme temperatures, shackling in “stress positions,” force-feeding, beatings, waterboarding, mock executions, the use of cordless drills, sexual abuse and humiliation, the infamous practice of “rectal feeding” (i.e., rape), and murder.
The Senate report also revealed systematic lying by the CIA and its accomplices throughout the program and after. The CIA lied about what forms of torture were being employed, and the CIA also lied about the “results” of the torture.
Contrary to the pro-torture narrative contained in films like Zero Dark Thirty, the Senate report proved that as a factual matter the CIA torture program never resulted in the discovery of any meaningful information from an intelligence standpoint. (This fact does not make the program any more or less criminal, but it is what a future war crimes tribunal might call an “aggravating factor,” since it makes all of the remorseless brutality and sexual sadism associated with the program that much more cold-blooded and wanton.)
Almost a year has passed since the exposure of these heinous war crimes, but nobody has been prosecuted, from the torturers themselves to the top officials who orchestrated the program and helped to cover it up. Instead, all of the criminal co-conspirators and their accomplices remain comfortably ensconced in their respective offices and mansions in and around Washington.
CIA Director John Brennan has felt secure enough to publicly denounce the report, claiming last month that the report contains “many, many mischaracterizations,” and that it “did not take into account the tremendous sacrifice and service of some CIA officers in keeping this country safe.”
Rather than prosecute criminals like Brennan, the political establishment, with the aid of the media, has done its best to bury the Senate report. Torture is conspicuously avoided as a topic of official discussion, and virtual silence is being observed as the one-year anniversary of the report's release approaches. None of the current presidential candidates from either big business party, from Bernie Sanders to Donald Trump, is actively calling for the release of the full report or the prosecution of the criminals involved.
The full 6,700-page report doubtless names names, including many of those individuals who continue to hold high posts in the Obama administration. One suspects that for this reason, the Obama administration is doubly anxious to hide the report.
Before the report was released last December, the Obama administration worked tirelessly to obstruct the report's release, including the executive summary, helping to delay its publication for nearly two years. On the eve of the release of the redacted executive summary, Secretary of State John Kerry called Senate Intelligence Committee chair Dianne Feinstein to urge her to “reconsider” releasing any part of the report.
Following the publication of the report, the Obama administration has continued with deliberate efforts to suppress it, including by vigorously opposing a transparency lawsuit by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), which is seeking to have the entire report released under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).
The Obama administration has taken the position in the ACLU lawsuit that the Senate report constitutes a “Congressional record,” and as such is not subject to the Freedom of Information Act. After the report was prepared, the Senate sent copies to senior officials in the Obama administration. To maintain the legal fiction that the report is a “Congressional record,” the Obama administration has instructed its personnel not to open the report and to keep the discs containing the report in sealed envelopes.
According to a recent report in the New York Times, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has not retrieved its copy of the report from a Department of Justice safe. Meanwhile, the State Department has marked its copy “Congressional Record — Do Not Open, Do Not Access.” The Department of Justice has instructed all of its employees not to read the report.
The new chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Republican Richard M. Burr of North Carolina, is openly calling for the complete suppression of the report. He has requested that the Obama administration return every existing copy and has labeled the report “a footnote in history.”
In their November 5 letter, Feinstein and Leahy complain that they are “gravely disappointed” by the Obama administration's efforts to suppress the report. They urge “appropriately cleared officials” to read the report: “Study and consider the lessons that can be learned from it.”
“We hope you agree that the legacy of this historic report cannot be buried in the back of a handful of Executive Branch safes, never to be reviewed by those who most need to learn from it,” they wrote.
Feinstein is no champion of democratic rights, nor is she a principled opponent of government criminality.
In 2013, Feinstein called Edward Snowden's exposure of government crimes an “act of treason,” and she has been especially vocal in denouncing and smearing the National Security Agency whistleblower. On Saturday, Feinstein called for more “direct” American military interventions in Syria and Iraq, denouncing “limited air strikes and support for Iraqi forces and the Syrian opposition” as “not sufficient to protect our country and our allies.”
Nevertheless, Feinstein's letter reflects bitter and ongoing internal divisions over the CIA torture report. Indeed, the investigation behind the report provoked one of the most significant constitutional crises in recent memory.
During the investigation, the CIA destroyed evidence and took the position it could keep its activities secret from the very committee charged with overseeing it. This raised the question–if the Senate Intelligence Committee is not entitled to know what the CIA is doing, then who is?
In March of 2014, the CIA had spied Senate Intelligence Committee personnel during the investigation. Specifically, the CIA hacked into the staffers' computers and attempted to delete incriminating files. Following this brazenly criminal conduct, CIA chief John Brennan provocatively called for the prosecution of Senate staffers who had obtained the incriminating documents.
The CIA backed down only after Feinstein took to the floor of the Senate with an extraordinary speech, calling the CIA's position a threat to the basic constitutional framework and the separation of powers. Feinstein accused the CIA of violating “the Fourth Amendment [which prohibits warrantless searches], the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, as well as Executive Order 12333, which prohibits the CIA from conducting domestic searches or surveillance.” However, after the Justice Department declined to prosecute anyone on either side of the dispute, Feinstein more or less dropped the issue. (See: “The CIA spying scandal and the disintegration of American democracy”)
The Obama administration's ongoing efforts to suppress the report on CIA torture—effectively a cover-up of the CIA's original cover-up of the torture program—are profoundly revealing.
From CIA war criminals to NSA spies, and from killer cops to financial speculators and corporate crooks, the ruling class and its agents operate outside the law. While savage punishments are handed down to working class youth for the pettiest infractions, the criminals at the top can literally get away with murder. The basic machinery of a democracy in America has completely short-circuited and ground to a halt.
The author also recommends:
The CIA torture report and the crisis of legitimacy in the United States
[8 December 2014]
Obama administration suppresses account of CIA torture
[12 September 2015]
Guantánamo Diary: A book that needs to be read
[6 February 2015]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Android Recipe #4, path tracing
December 21st, 2013, Android.
I left the Android team a couple of months ago but there are still many visual effects and demos I would like to write for that platform. Since I am currently on vacation I was able to find some spare time to write a new demo that I hope will teach you a couple of new development tricks.
This new demo is called Road Trip USA and demonstrates how to implement path tracing. The video below shows what this effect looks like:
Path tracing is used in several places in the application: to draw the map of the USA, to draw the outline of each state, to draw the name of the states and to draw the drag indicator when loading is complete. The progress indicator briefly shown a beginning (with moving chevrons) is implemented using a technique very similar to path tracing.
I recommend you download the source code (GitHub) and debug APK for the demo to better understand the explanations below.
Path effects
The path tracing effect relies on a little known Android API called PathEffect. A PathEffect can be applied to a Canvas.drawPath() command by setting it on a Paint . There are four main types of path effects:
CornerPathEffect can be used to round sharp corners (turns a series of connected lines into a curve for instance)
can be used to round sharp corners (turns a series of connected lines into a curve for instance) DashPathEffect strokes the path using a series of dashes
strokes the path using a series of dashes DiscretePathEffect divides the path into a series of randomly positioned segments
divides the path into a series of randomly positioned segments PathDashPathEffect strokes the path using another path as a stamp
These effects can be combined by using either a ComposePathEffect or a SumPathEffect . For instance, a series of connected lines can be transformed into a dashed curve by using a ComposeEffect containing a CornerPathEffect and a DashPathEffect :
The demo shown earlier uses only two of these effects: DashPathEffect and PathDashPathEffect .
Phase out
The progress indicator is implemented using a PathDashPathEffect and a concave arrow as the stamp. Since the PathEffect API does all the work for us, the hardest part is to create the paths:
private Path makeConvexArrow(float length, float height) { Path p = new Path(); p.moveTo(0.0f, -height / 2.0f); p.lineTo(length - height / 4.0f, -height / 2.0f); p.lineTo(length, 0.0f); p.lineTo(length - height / 4.0f, height / 2.0f); p.lineTo(0.0f, height / 2.0f); p.lineTo(0.0f + height / 4.0f, 0.0f); p.close(); return p; } // Create a straight line Path path = new Path(); path.moveTo(32, 32); path.lineTo(232, 32); // Stamp a concave arrow along the line PathEffect effect = new PathDashPathEffect( makeConvexArrow(24.0f, 14.0f), // "stamp" 36.0f, // advance, or distance between two stamps 0.0f, // phase, or offset before the first stamp PathDashPathEffect.Style.ROTATE); // how to transform each stamp // Apply the effect and draw the path paint.setPathEffect(effect); canvas.drawPath(path, paint);
The parameter we are going to use to achieve the progress animation is the phase parameter. This value can be used to define the offset before the first stamp. By animating this value we can effectively move our arrows along the path. The picture below shows the same path drawn with different phases:
Path tracing
The tracing animations are implemented using the phase parameter of DashPathEffect instead of PathDashPathEffect . The DashPathEffect constructor lets you specify the length of the dashes as well as the amount of space between the dashes. The trick is to make the dashes and spaces as long as the path itself.
Computing the length of a line is very easy but to measure the length of an arbitrary path is a little more complicated since you need to measure the length of quadratic and cubic curves. Android thankfully provides an easy API to do this for us:
Path path = makePath(); // Measure the path PathMeasure measure = new PathMeasure(path, false); float length = measure.getLength(); // Apply the dash effect PathEffect effect = new DashPathEffect(new float[] { length, length }, 0.0f); paint.setPathEffect(effect); canvas.drawPath(path, paint);
If you run the example above you should see the path drawn exactly as when no PathEffect is applied. This happens because a DashPathEffect always draws a dash first. To create the tracing effect we need to start with a phase equal to the length of the path:
PathEffect effect = new DashPathEffect(new float[] { length, length }, length);
The full effect can now be realized by animating the phase value between 0.0f and length . You can find the full implementation of this animation in the file StateView.java .
Tracing an arrow
The drag indicator, drawn as an arrow, is a little trickier to implement. Instead of using one path effect we need to use two: a DashPathEffect to fill the arrow trail and a PathDashPathEffect to draw the tip. The advance on the PathDashPathEffect is set to the length of the path to move the tip to the end of the path.
The full implementation can be found in IntroView.java .
Using SVG paths
I used SVG files to store the paths in this demo. While convenient, this format proved to be slow to load, at least with the library I am using, and I would probably switch to a custom binary format if I were to use this effect in a real application. Considering that the effect only needs the path geometry and no styling information, such a format would be simple and fast to parse.
The library I picked, androidsvg, is easy to use but does not give access to the paths contained in the SVG document. I worked around this issue by creating a custom Canvas that intercepts drawPath() calls:
Canvas canvas = new Canvas() { private final Matrix mMatrix = new Matrix(); @Override public void drawPath(Path path, Paint paint) { Path dst = new Path(); // Get the current transform matrix getMatrix(mMatrix); // Apply the matrix to the path path.transform(mMatrix, dst); // Store the transformed path mPaths.add(new SvgPath(dst, new Paint(mSourcePaint))); } }; // Load an SVG document SVG svg = SVG.getFromResource(context, R.raw.map_usa); // Capture the paths svg.renderToCanvas(canvas);
The paths are stored pre-transformed so we can measure their length at their final on-screen size. A slightly more advanced version of this code can be found in SvgHelper.java . The implementation used in the demo applies scaling to ensure the paths fill their containers properly.
Other visual effects
If you look closely at the demo you'll notice several other visual effects:
Black & white to color conversion, used when scrolling a row of image to the left (the first image starts in B&W and turns into colors)
Pinned scrolling, used to create a “stacked cards” effect when scrolling up and down the list
Parallax scrolling, used to scroll the various maps at a different speed than other items
Animated action bar opacity, as seen in Google Music
Police say Kenneth White, center, was killed by his cousin and caretaker Tiffany VanAlstyne, right, in Dec. 2014. Tiffany's mother and Kenneth's aunt, Brenda VanAlstyne, is on the left. (Facebook with permission from Brenda VanAlstyne) fewer Police say Kenneth White, center, was killed by his cousin and caretaker Tiffany VanAlstyne, right, in Dec. 2014. Tiffany's mother and Kenneth's aunt, Brenda VanAlstyne, is on the left. (Facebook with ... more Image 1 of / 23 Caption Close Murdered boys's aunt's call for money sparks outrage 1 / 23 Back to Gallery
The mother of Tiffany VanAlstyne, who was convicted of killing her 5-year-old cousin Kenneth White, started a controversy over social media after she appeared to create a GoFundMe account to raise $20,000 for herself.
Brenda VanAlstyne appeared to create the post on the fundraising website Sunday that asks for donations to assist her family, noting the pain that her daughter's mental illness has caused.
Tiffany VanAlstyne was sentenced to 18 years to life in January for Kenneth's death in December 2014.
Tiffany VanAlstyne, who was 19 at the time, told police investigators she choked Kenneth in the family's Knox home and then threw his body in a snowbank — then concocted a story about the kindergartner being kidnapped.
In a 2015 interview with the Times Union, Brenda VanAlstyne said her daughter suffered from bipolar disorder, had issues with anger and had not been taking her medication.
Brenda VanAlstyne had been taking care of Kenneth and two of her sister's other children at the time because she said they were living in deplorable conditions at a home in Montgomery County.
The GoFundMe post was written by someone named "Brenda" and posted a picture of Brenda and Tiffany VanAlstyne. It said in part, "Mental illness affected my family tragically. Most people don't take mental illness seriously. well i'm living proff (sic) that mental illness is real and it's serious and is why i'm trying to raise money. The money will be used to help us get our life back some what from this tragedy but helping with home repairs and bills."
But the page, shared thousands of times over Facebook, spurned anger from many in light of the fact that Brenda VanAlstyne was ruled negligent in a separate Albany County Family Court proceeding after testimony showed one of Kenneth's siblings had bruises all over her body and that the remaining two children talked about how their cousin Tiffany would beat them.
Family Court also took Brenda VanAlstyne's rights away to see the two remaining children, who were ages 4 and 5 at the time of Kenneth's death. The girls have been in foster care since his death.
As of Tuesday afternoon the account had $5 in it.
Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple posted his own response Tuesday on Facebook, without naming the VanAlstynes.
"I urge everyone no matter what the page says, if they are asking for money to please investigate it and when in doubt stay away," Apple wrote. "Unfortunately there are too many scams out there looking to take advantage of the kindness and love our community offers."
Brenda VanAlstyne could not be reached for comment.
But follow-up statements were posted on the GoFundMe account, including a picture of Tiffany VanAlstyne with Kenneth and his siblings that said, "My daughter loves these babies and always will and so does all of the family."
"Well I feel bad for all the haters out there," another post read. "Why don't you all pour yourselves a tall glass of hater-aide. Until you walk in my shoes you don't know (expletive) about me or my life. #realist."
lstanforth@timesunion.com • 518-454-5697
Department
Beni ( Spanish pronunciation: [ˈbeni]), sometimes El Beni, is a northeastern department of Bolivia, in the lowlands region of the country. It is the second-largest department in the country (after Santa Cruz), covering 213,564 square kilometers (82,458 sq mi), and it was created by supreme decree on November 18, 1842 during the administration of General José Ballivián. Its capital is Trinidad.
Population [ edit ]
With a population of 420,000 (2006 census), Beni is the second least-populated of the nine departments of Bolivia, after Pando.
Although Beni is rich in natural resources, the poverty level of its inhabitants is high, mainly as a result of centuries of exploitation of native populations by European-descended elites. The main economic activities are agriculture, timber and cattle. In addition, an underground economy linked to illegal narcotics activities flourished in the area during the last decades of the 20th century, with many cocaine laboratories hidden behind the façade of remote cattle ranches.
The Beni region is wide and flat, featuring many large mounds connected by straight earthen causeways, which are believed by researchers to have been built by ancient inhabitants. The earthwork mounds provide raised living areas and enable the growth of trees that could not survive otherwise in the frequently flooded lowland area. In the 21st century, archeologists and anthropologists such as Americans Clark Erickson and William Balée, respectively, believe these earthwork structures are evidence of a large and sophisticated indigenous civilization that flourished for thousands of years before European colonization.[2]
The first European settlers in this area were Spanish Jesuit missionaries during the 18th century, sent to convert the native inhabitants, chiefly in the southern half of the department. The religious origins of many of the Beni's towns can be attested to by the centrality of the local church in most of the communities, and in the very names of the towns: Trinidad, Santa Ana, San Borja, Reyes, etc. Today, the Beni region is the seat of the Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of El Beni.
The importance of cattle ranching is prominent in the regional culture. Cowboys, or "vaqueros", still play an important role in Beni society, comprising a large portion of the working class. Other industries significant to the region include logging, small-scale fishing and hunting, farming, and in recent years, eco-tourism.
Though the Beni lies in the southern reaches of the Amazon Basin, an area renowned for tropical disease, the population has fewer health problems than in the Andes Region, especially those related to malnutrition.
The inhabitants (Benianos) are mostly descendants of Cruceños (people from Santa Cruz) who streamed north following the course of navigable rivers, and native peoples. The culture is known as lowland Camba (common to Santa Cruz, Beni, and Pando) and not Andean. Benianos are simple, straightforward people whose Spanish is likely inherited from Santa Cruz. Their residents gained Spanish from Asunción del Paraguay, the departure point of its founders, among them Ñuflo de Chávez. It has been remarked that the Camba dialect, as well as the customs of the inhabitants of Bolivia's tropical lowlands, are almost purely Andalusian.[citation needed]
The Beniano diet consists largely of rice, bananas, beef and fish. Some popular dishes include Majao, Masaco, and others, many featuring cured/salted meats.
The Benianos have traditionally been mistrustful, and often somewhat contemptuous, of Andean culture. They identify as being lighter skinned and of more purely Spanish ancestry than the Quechua and Aymara-speaking populations of the highlands. Considerable resentment existed against the central government, which allegedly did very little to build roads or integrate the Beni into the economy and political life of Bolivia. These attitudes persisted although Beni residents benefited greatly by the Agrarian Reform instituted following the 1952 Revolution, with many citizens gaining ownership of significant tracts of land. Most of these turned to cattle ranching. The absence of a reliable road linking the department to the main centers of power in the country (owing to the difficult terrain) continued to contribute to the Benianos' perception of isolation, as did a downturn in the cattle industry. As a result, both the population and departmental authorities supported the Santa Cruz-led effort to federalize the country and devolve powers to the departments at the expense of the central government. Considerable social unrest took place in 2007 and 2008, leading some to consider separatism as plausible.
History [ edit ]
Beni was a very important center of a pre-Columbian civilization known as the hydraulic culture of Las Lomas (the hills), a culture that constructed over 20,000 man-made artificial hills, all interconnected by thousands of square kilometers of aqueducts, channels, embankments, artificial lakes and lagoons, as well as terraces. Between about 4000 BC (and probably earlier as this date is taken from ceramics that have been carbon dated) and the 13th Century AD this region was settled by sophisticated and organized groups of human societies. Their civil structures were based, both environmentally and economically, on the use of specific environmental characteristics (such as the use of aquatic plants as fertilizer, and enormous fishing systems they constructed). Miles of these channels and man-made earthworks are visible from the air when flying over Beni.
When the Spanish arrived, the region had already been in decline for about three hundred years. However, this is where many products that are now used worldwide originated in native cultivation: among them tobacco, peanuts, cotton, cassava (manioc), vanilla and sweet potatoes. The Spanish initially were intensely interested in this area. During the first century of colonization, they believed the mythical city of El Dorado (also known as Paititi) could be found in this region. However, they never found this legendary city of gold and they soon lost interest in the area, which would remain marginalized for several centuries after.
Between the 19th and 20th centuries northern Beni became Bolivia's rubber capital. The abundance of rubber trees attracted many people to the region, many of them adventurers and workers (many of whom were indigenous) to work in the huge rubber plantations that arose. The worldwide demand for rubber rose with industrialization and the use of automotive vehicles. For decades this was one of the most active, dynamic regions of Bolivia. Cachuela Esperanza was an important center for rubber exports as it is located along the shores of the Beni River. As a measure of its success, it had one of the best-equipped hospitals in Bolivia at the end of the 19th century. But these enormous rubber plantations all but disappeared by the end of the Second World War, as developers had been cultivating rubber introduced to plantations of Southeast Asia and Africa. Today many of the properties have been converted to cattle ranches. Only some small rubber producers still use the river to transport their production.
Government [ edit ]
The chief executive office of Bolivia departments (since May 2010) is the governor, who is elected to office; until then, the office was called the prefect. Until 2006 the prefect was appointed by the President of Bolivia. As of 2011 Beni had an interim governor, Haysen Ribera Leigue, who was selected by the Departmental Legislative Assembly on 16 December 2011.[3] Governor Ernesto Suárez Sattori, who was elected on 4 April 2010, was suspended following his indictment for irregular expenditures related to a power plant in San Borja, Beni, in compliance with a Bolivian legal mandate that indicted officials may not continue to serve.[3] A replacement for the governor was to be elected in a special election on 20 January 2013.
Date began Date ended Prefect/governor Party Notes 23 Jan 2006 30 Aug 2007 Ernesto Suárez Sattori PODEMOS First elected prefect. Elected in Bolivian general election, December 2005 4 Jan 2010 30 May 2010 Clemente Clemente Sanjinés Interim; final prefect 1 June 2010 16 December 2011 Ernesto Suárez Sattori Beni First Elected in regional election on 4 April; first governor. Suspended under indictment. 16 December 2011 1 March 2013 Haisen Ribera Leigue MNR* Chosen as interim governor by the Departmental Legislative Assembly, supported by the MNR and MAS-IPSP.[3] 1 March 2013 7 Freruary 2014 Carmelo Lens' Beni First Elected in the first round of the Beni special gubernatorial election on 20 January 2013. 5 May 2015 10 January 2020 Alex Ferrier Abidar' Movimiento Al Socialismo (MAS) Elected in the first round of the Beni extraordinary election on 5 May 2015.
Legislative Assembly [ edit ]
Under the 2009 Constitution, each Bolivian department has an elected Departmental Legislative Assembly. The first elections were held 4 April 2010. The leading party in the twenty-eight member assembly is Beni First, with 11 seats. The Movement towards Socialism (MAS-IPSP) holds 10 seats, and the Revolutionary Nationalist Movement (MNR) holds 3 seats. Two seats each were selected by indigenous people and by peasants through usos y costumbres. In alliance with the indigenous and peasant representatives, the MAS-IPSP controls the presidency of the Assembly.[4] The three MNR representatives and their alternates were derecognized by the national party in 2010 when they backed MAS-IPSP policies and leadership.[5]
The December 2011 suspension of Governor Ernesto Suarez was backed by 15 votes, including the MAS and MNR delegations, and two indigenous or campesino representatives. Two members of the assembly were also indicted simultaneously and replaced by their alternates: Sonia Suárez Araúz (MNR) was replaced by Juan Carlos Herrera; and Carlos Navia Ribera (MAS-IPSP) was replaced by Tatiana Paniagua Zabala.[6] The interim governor was also a member of the Assembly.
National Congress [ edit ]
In the National Congress of Bolivia Beni elects nine out of 130 members of the Cámara de Diputados (Chamber of Deputies), and four members of the Cámara de Senadores (Chamber of Senators).
Senators
Freddy Bersatti Tudela (MAS-IPSP)
Zonia Guardia Melgar (MAS-IPSP)
Carlos Alberto Sonnenschein Antelo (PPB)
Jeanine Áñez Chávez (PPB)
Geography [ edit ]
Beni`s weather is tropical and humid, with a prevalence of warm to hot temperatures.
Beni borders upon Brazil to the northeast, and the departments of Santa Cruz to the southeast, La Paz to the west, Pando to the northwest, and Cochabamba to the south. Beni's territory is mainly covered by rainforest (particularly the northern and eastern portions of the department) and pampa (notably the grassland Moxos Plain to the south, closer to the Andean reaches). Much of Beni is at about 155 meters above sea level. Although most of the department is flat, along the border with La Paz there are two sierra chains called Eva Eva and Pelado. Beni is criss-crossed by numerous Rivers, all of which are Amazon tributaries. The largest of these are the Iténez (also known as Guaporé), Mamoré, Madre de Dios, Madera, Yata, Ivón, Machupo, Itonama, Baures, San Martín, San Miguel, San Simón, Negro, Sécure, Yacuma, Maniquí, Ibare and Apere, all of which are navigable. Beni also has numerous lakes and lagoons. The most important of these are: Laguna Suárez, Rogagua, Rogaguado, San Luis, San Pablo, Huachi, Huatunas, Yusala, Huachuna, Agua Clara, Ginebra, La Dichosa, Bolivia, Navidad, Las Abras, Larga, Maracaibo and Aquiles Lake.
Flora and fauna [ edit ]
In the region's many rivers over 400 species of fish have been found. Trinidad has an entire museum, the Museo Ictícola, dedicated to Beni's fish fauna which is the third largest of its type in South America. The most commonly fished and consumed species are pacú, tambaquí, surubí, palometa (a type of piranha), sábalo, bagre (catfish), and blanquillo. Alligators are also hunted for their leather and meat, which is considered a delicacy and is a common part of meals in Beni. Beni now also exports huge amounts of lumber, although over the past 20 years the government of Bolivia has worked with numerous international entities and NGOs to certify its lumber concessions and all lumber exported must be accompanied by certificates of origin.
Agriculture and livestock [ edit ]
Because of its climate and rich soils, the department is Bolivia's second largest agricultural center after Santa Cruz. There are extensive fields of corn, yucca (manioc), sunflowers, rice, and many tropical fruits such as cacao (from which chocolate is made), Brazil nuts (one of the regions main crops and exports), soybeans, bananas, maracuya, guayaba, papaya, and many other citrus fruits. Coffee is also grown extensively. Beni is also the second Bolivia's largest cattle-ranching region. Official estimates calculate there are anywhere between 2 and 2.5 million heads of cattle throughout the year. Most of these are turned out to pasture and thus are naturally fed.
Climate [ edit ]
Beni is hot and humid during most of the year with an annual rainfall average between 1,000–4,000 mm (39–157 in). It is one of the wettest regions in Bolivia, with more wetlands than the better-known Pantanal. During the winter (June and July) the weather can be cool and winds blowing northward from the South Pole and Argentina's Patagonia region can cause temperatures to drop quite drastically very quickly.
Provinces of Beni [ edit ]
The department is divided into 8 provinces which are further subdivided into municipalities and 48 cantons.
Languages [ edit ]
The dominant language in the department is Spanish. The following table shows the number of those belonging to the recognized group of speakers.[7]
Language Department Bolivia Quechua 8,643 2,281,198 Aymara 7,910 1,525,321 Guaraní 396 62,575 Another native 16,695 49,432 Spanish 331,547 6,821,626 Foreign 6,512 250,754 Only native 7,854 960,491 Native and Spanish 24,171 2,739,407 Spanish and foreign 307,680 4,115,751
Places of interest [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Gonzalez Moscoso, Rene. 1984. Enciclopedia Boliviana: Diccionario Geográfico Boliviano. Editorial “Los Amigos del Libro”, La Paz. 278pp.
Coordinates:
Advertisement
This is a post from firearms legal expert Phil Nelsen of MyLegalHeat.com and is republished here with permission.
Have you heard there is new federal legislation that will allow someone with a concealed carry permit from one state to carry in all 50 states? It actually might not be as awesome as you have heard. The purpose of this article is to dispel some of the myths associated with this proposed legislation and give an update on its status.
What is the Law & What is the Status?
H.R. 38: Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 is a new iteration of a law that has been proposed several times over the past 6 years. In its most recent form it was introduced on January 03,
2017 by U.S. Representative Richard Hudson (NC-08). The NRA and other gun rights organizations have been outspoken in their support of this legislation. This week (December 6th) it was voted on by the US House of Representatives and passed by a 231/198 margin. Although it has cleared the House it still has many steps to clear before it becomes law. A brief summary of the remaining procedural process is below:
It will go to a Senate subcommittee to approve their version of the legislation; then It will be scheduled for a floor vote in the Senate, with the potential for a filibuster; then It would go to a joint conference committee and the two bills (House & Senate) would be “reconciled” by the committee; then The reconciled bill will need to be voted on again by both the House and Senate. Many bills die at this stage as the two separate pieces of legislation from the two houses are often so different that they cannot be reconciled; then For the final step it goes to President Trump's desk, who has indicated he would sign similar laws in the past.
The house version has combined two separate bills, one on national reciprocity and the FIX NICS bill. The FIX NICS bill has widespread support among Democrats, whereas the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act has significantly less.
Largely due to the social media buzz surrounding it, many people in our training classes are misinformed on many aspects of this potential law (many people we speak with believe it is already a law, which is dangerous). We have received hundreds of emails and phone calls from past students asking about the “new law” and the amount of misinformation we've heard is alarming to us. There are some legitimate misunderstandings out there about the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, and we want to help clarify a few important points.
What Will the Law Do?
Many people we speak with believe this legislation would make it so one permit would be valid in all 50 states, like a driver's license. In fact Congressman Hudson's own website says the following regarding the law:
“Your driver's license works in every state, so why doesn't your concealed carry permit?” (source)
That is absolutely not what this law will do, however, and it is important to understand what the law actually says.
The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 is intended to “amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a means by which non- residents of a State whose residents may carry concealed firearms may also do so in the State.”
Subsection (a) states that
a person who is not prohibited by Federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm, who is carrying a valid identification document containing a photograph of the person, and who is carrying a valid license or permit which is issued pursuant to the law of a State and which permits the person to carry a concealed firearm or is entitled to carry a concealed firearm in the State in which the person resides, may possess or carry a concealed handgun (other than a machinegun or destructive device) … in any State
AWESOME RIGHT?!? As long as I have a photo ID & concealed permit (or am from a constitutional carry state) then I'll be able to carry in any state, what's wrong with that???
Advertisement
The problem is the text of the proposed law doesn't stop at that point. If it did, I would agree it would be a great law. Instead it goes on to create two very distinct problems.
What Are The Problems With The Law?
Problem #1: A permit holder would only be able to carry in a state that, “has a statute that allows residents of the State to obtain licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms” OR “does not prohibit the carrying of concealed firearms by residents of the State for lawful purposes.”
The problem with the above text is that it provides a strong incentive for restrictive states (like Maryland, New Jersey, Hawaii, New York & California) to prohibit concealed carry altogether. Think about it, when faced with the following two choices, do you think that New Jersey and California (who are historically very restrictive in issuing concealed permits) are going to (1) open the floodgates to every freedom loving American to carry a gun, OR (2) simply prohibit concealed carry altogether, thus exempting themselves from the National Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. If this law passes, reasonable minds could agree we would see at least the following states take steps to completely prohibit concealed carry: California, New Jersey, New York, Maryland, Hawaii, Delaware, Massachusetts, and Connecticut. In sum, we would see a regression in the amount of states that allow concealed carry. Naturally residents of those states could then take their case to the courts and hopefully we would see the state and federal courts rule favorably in some of those jurisdictions, but sadly as we've seen over the past few years, that is far from a sure bet.
Problem #2: “This [law] shall not be construed to supersede or limit the laws of any State that—(1) permit private persons or entities to prohibit or restrict the possession of concealed firearms on their property; or (2) prohibit or restrict the possession of firearms on any State or local government property, installation, building, base, or park.”
What this means is that those middle-of-the-road states (like Oregon, Washington, Illinois and South Carolina) which likely won't decide to eliminate concealed carry altogether, but also don't necessarily want millions of visitors carrying guns in their state, will likely make it SUBSTANTIALLY more difficult to carry a gun in their state. States like Oregon and Illinois (among others) have historically been very opposed to granting non-resident carry rights within their state. Instead of suddenly opening the doors for everyone to carry, we will likely see state legislatures tightening the areas within the state where you are allowed to carry through increased prohibited areas. Advancements that took years to accomplish could potentially vanish overnight due to an overly paranoid media frenzy.
Would Any State Permit Work, or Would I Need My Home State Permit?
There has been a fair amount of debate about this question. When discussing what permits would allow someone to carry in all states, the law say that a person must have a, “permit which is issued pursuant to the law of a State and which permits the person to carry a concealed firearm or is entitled to carry a concealed firearm in the State in which the person resides.”
This wording is more complicated than it first appears. What this means is that your home state permit will always satisfy this requirement, as it entitles you to “carry a concealed firearm in the state in which [you] reside.” Many people who live in restrictive states, like Maryland or New Jersey, have been asking if they can get an easier to obtain out of state permit (such as Utah or Virginia) and still be able to carry in all states. The answer, under the currently worded law, is maybe. Unless the permit you have allows you to carry in your home state, or your state has constitutional carry, the wording of the current law is somewhat awkward regarding non-resident permits. It appears their intent was to allow you to obtain a permit from any state, but if that is the case the language of the law should be updated to unambiguously state that.
In Summary:
There are some positives to this law. I like that concealed carry is being discussed on a national stage and I am glad it is making people more cognizant of the very complicated patchwork of gun laws we have in America. I also like that the law does away with the crazy patchwork of laws regulating magazine capacity (it allows “any magazine for use in a handgun and any ammunition loaded into the handgun or its magazine”), and it explicitly allows for carry on certain federal land (such as National Parks and Army Corp of Engineers property).
However, I think this legislation is badly in need of refinement if it is to accomplish what we all want it to accomplish. To me, a much better option would be to pursue a judicial remedy for the right to bear arms much like the NRA and the SAF achieved for the right to keep arms (click here for a summary of the difference). However, if we are going to attack this issue through legislation it needs to be done properly. As most are aware, Legal Heat is the largest provider of concealed carry training in America, having certified over 150,000 people to obtain concealed carry permits. We are also the publishers of a 50 state gun law book & app that is used by hundreds of thousands of gun owners to navigate gun laws in all 50 states. The attorneys at Legal Heat have also worked on several pieces of concealed carry legislation and would be more than happy to act in an advisory role for Congressman Hudson or anyone else involved in this legislation. We want this law to pass, we just want it to be amended slightly before passing.
For the first time in our history the question before us now is not IF we can pass nationwide reciprocity legislation, but instead HOW such a law should be strategically handled. We are in an exciting time for American gun rights. Legal Heat is very excited about the potential to see quick and decisive progress in the fight for the individual right to keep and bear arms. We will continue to stand on the front lines of this issue by training tens of thousands of Americans each year. If you are interested in attending a training class click here to find a course in your area.
For updates on this proposed legislation and any other gun related issues please follow us on Facebook.
Knowledge is power. Make sure to share this article.
Phil Nelsen is a nationally recognized firearms law attorney, expert witness, college professor, author and co-founder of Legal Heat, the nation's largest firearms training firm and exclusive national CCW training provider to Cabela's.
Legal Heat offers CCW classes nationwide, and also publishes the industry leading Legal Heat 50 State Guide to Firearm Laws and Regulations which can be downloaded on iTunes, GooglePlay and Kindle App stores. You can purchase the paperback version of the Legal Heat 50 State Guide or sign up for a class at https://mylegalheat.com
Five Questions… is a new series where we ask five questions about something in the news, come on. I mean: come on. It's not that hard to get your head around, is it? Come on. This is not a nuanced concept.
We're all clumsy, we've all hurt ourselves at some point in our lives. All of the scars on my body were entirely avoidable. Scar #1: along my hairline, my glorious strong hairline, a small vertical slice where, as a three-year-old, I stumbled over while playing on an allotment and donked head-first onto a broken glass lemonade bottle. Or Scar #2: when, playing in goal on hard tarmac as a 12-year-old, I watched a ball slip past me into the goal and for some reason then flipped myself into the air, landing hard on both knees and ripping one of them open, right on the joint where it's impossible to stitch shut, and I had to stumble one-legged across the length of a playing field for help, sobbing, trousers in tatters, blood down my leg like a waterfall.
In a way, it's unavoidable. If you do not have scars then you have not truly lived. The only way to avoid injury altogether is to stay inside, swaddled in soft cotton, piss through a catheter and slowly inch your way into a nice, cosy coma and then, in time, lovely death. It is impossible to live your entire life without bumping your elbow on something.
Anyway, here's a guy with a scar.
(via Facebook)
Here's how he got the scar, per his own account (warning: blood):
(via Buzzfeed, also)
Here's how he got the scar, per the police. From Buzzfeed:
A man who claimed that he was stabbed after being mistaken for a neo-Nazi now admits that he made the whole story up after accidentally stabbing himself.
Joshua Witt, 26, told police two weeks ago that he was getting out of his car in the parking lot of a Steak 'n Shake in Sheridan, Colorado, when a man came over to him and attacked him with a knife.
On Monday, the Sheridan Police Department told BuzzFeed News in a statement that Witt admitted to making the story up after police confronted him with evidence that the attack never took place.
Also from Buzzfeed:
Witt, who posted his claims on Facebook, claimed that a man asked him if he was a neo-Nazi while reaching over his open car door to stab him.
"I was just getting out of my car to go get myself a milkshake and the next thing I hear is 'You one of them neo-Nazis' as this man is swinging a knife at my head over my car door," Witt told BuzzFeed News at the time. "I threw my hands up out of natural reflex and then I kind of dived back in my car as the suspect took off running."
Ah yes, that classic antifa stabbing gambit: asking someone if they are a Nazi before stabbing them in the hand about it. "Oi, milkshake boy, you are a neo-Nazi? Mind if I stab you up then?" Anyway: also from Buzzfeed:
Police became suspicious of his story because surveillance video did not show anyone running from the scene, as Witt had claimed, and because police found and interviewed someone who matched Witt's description of the attacker, "who is a transient and lives in the area [and] was cleared as a possible suspect".
They also looked at video from a nearby sporting goods store, which showed Witt buying a small knife minutes before the alleged attack.
They also looked. At video. From a nearby sporting goods store. Which showed Witt. Buying a small knife. Minutes. Before the attack. Buzzfeed:
Last Thursday, police re-interviewed Witt.
"Where he was confronted with the all the information listed above. Mr. Witt subsequently admitted to accidentally cutting himself with the knife while parked in his car in front of the sporting goods store and admitted making up the story about being attacked," Sheridan police said in their statement.
Yeah, some questions:
HAS THERE EVER BEEN A MORE CLUMSILY EXECUTED FAKE STABBING EVER IN HISTORY?
I think my favourite thing about this – the bit that has had me cackling at my desk all morning – is the sheer shambolism of the fake stabbing, i.e. if a child was going to pretend to get stabbed by anti-fascists, or a dog perhaps, both the dog and child could do a better job of pretending to be stabbed by antifa and covering it up, despite having simple and in some cases animalistic brains. Example: there was literal CCTV footage of my dude buying a knife minutes before he reported the stabbing. Minutes! He did not even drive to another location to stab himself at!
This is Fake Stabbing Yourself 101: don't use a knife that the police can trail back to a sporting goods store seconds away from where you got stabbed, the receipt for it probably still affixed to your foot with blood-glue; do not buy the knife you are going to stab yourself with in broad, CCTV daylight and then stab yourself with it; do not try to put the police off the trail by describing your attacker as both "antifa" and "vaguely a homeless guy". You know, in Batman, the Joker does stuff and people can hardly believe how he's getting away with this shit? He's blown up a hospital or something. Done that thing with the walkie-talkies and the bombs and the boats. Everyone loves it, though. They are holding their heads like, "This guy, wow. He is like… a criminal mastermind! Like some mega-genius, but for crime!" You know that bit? The bit that happens in every Batman comic and film? My boy Joshua Witt is the exact inverse of that. He is like a crime rock. A special kind of dull-ended crime idiot.
THE DETAILS OF THE STABBING
We have to run two scenarios here:
IN WHICH JOSHUA WITT STABBING HIMSELF WAS AN ACCIDENT
100 percent he did it getting the knife out of the packet. 100 percent. Knives come in those packets. Heat-sealed packets. Very hard to get into elegantly. The packaging itself is hard shards of plastic that splinter in a way that can hurt you anyway. Piece of cardboard sandwiched in between. Just enough space to work your hand into to get the knife out, but not enough to pull the hand out in a smooth movement. 100 percent Joshua Witt cut himself on a knife getting the knife out of the knife packet and, to really fold this moment of stupidity on top of itself for a double-drop, decided to blame antifa.
IN WHICH JOSHUA WITT STABBING HIMSELF WAS AN ELABORATE AND DELIBERATE LIE
I've said this before, but men's minds work in absurd and mysterious ways, and often completely get overridden in moments of chaotic impulse and sprint headlong into the eight-lane traffic of logic and get smashed into incomprehensible pieces, and that – if Joshua Witt stabbed himself with a sports knife deliberately – that is what has happened here. He's seen a Facebook post about SJWs ruining college campuses again by demanding people respect each other, and his mind's gone. Or: he's seen another to-camera lad-and-map video about net immigration based on un-cited statistics and he's walking to buy the knife before he even knows what he's doing. Front seat of his car, deep breaths, plunge the knife into the hand, bleed on the jeans a bit, Snapchat, upload to Facebook, start to panic a bit when the post goes more viral than he's expecting and the police start getting in touch. There's no way someone stabbing himself and then blaming antifa has thought this through.
WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON?
I'm still trying to figure this out. In his original (lie) Facebook post, Witt says he was attacked because "sooooooo apparently I look like a neo-nazi and got stabbed for it…" which he blames on his high-and-tight-and-alternate-right haircut. This would indicate: he is not a neo-Nazi, because he is upset at looking like a neo-Nazi and then getting stabbed for it.
But then, also, he does have a real alt-right haircut. We meet an impasse.
So further evidence. Let us consider this photo. Waistcoat over a blue shirt, top button undone, tie knot down to his belly button. This is a very "I get literally all my fashion advice from a forum called r/Gentleman", isn't it. Like, there is no way this dude doesn't describe himself as "dapper" on his Tinder bio. It's very "your cousin who used to be into magic is into pick-up artist conferences now instead", but it's not Nazi: in fact, it's fairly far-removed from the de facto alt-right uniform of polo shirt and eunuch chinos and a tiki torch and a council permit to march about a statue. I'm leaning: not a Nazi.
Plus, crucially, Witt has told the New York Post that he's now thinking of changing his haircut because it's too Nazi-y, just like how we can't have little dark moustaches any more. Oh, and here we go – and the local police chief said there was no evidence that Witt has any ties to white supremacist or Nazi organisations. He doesn't have any ties to not stabbing yourself in the hand organisations, either, but there you go. Conclusion: there is no conclusion.
THE DECISION TO LIE AND THEN THE PANIC OF THE LIE
I was a very good boy at primary school. A real – and listen, I'm not proud to say this! – a real kiss-ass, actually. All the teachers liked me. Straight As in everything. Artistic talent. Excelled in every lesson but for sports. Unfailingly polite. Real… real kiss-ass. Proper little fucking spoff cunt. I can say this about myself! I was a little spoff cunt. It went off the boil at secondary school, but Years 1 through 6 were a real ass-on-lipsfest.
So the one and only time I got in trouble at primary school was Year 5, end of summer term, and some rhododendron bush or something came into bloom on the edge of the playground, and me and two other boys – both called Tom, eerily – spent a lunch hour snapping all the blooms off and throwing them over each other like confetti, laughing and laughing, joyously gallivanting amongst the blooms.
I am reading that back and it is the absolute softest way anyone has got into trouble, oh my god—
So anyway, almost immediately after lunch everyone in the school was called into an emergency assembly for a mass bollocking because the janitor's prized rhododendron bush or whatever had been trashed by hands unseen, and nobody was going anywhere until they got to the bottom of it, which resulted in the headmaster, Mr Oates, giving a speech about personal responsibility and then just sort of staring us down in folded-armed silence in an effort to break us, which it did, because after about 15 seconds the two Toms stood up and admitted their part in the crime, saying yes they did it but they wouldn't spill who the third boy was because of omerta.
Minutes went by and I, like tissue paper in a storm, started to disintegrate. Now, at this point, you have to acknowledge the two forces wrestling morally within me:
I was a Very Good Boy and had never been in trouble before; I was in the most trouble of my life and the trouble was only escalating the longer I pretended I was not in trouble;
My tiny good boy body wracked with sobs. I was shaking and my face was leaking. I was making soft, monstrous noises, somewhere beyond sounds that humans make — hblrugh, wuh-hurr — and: listen, in hindsight, to even the most untrained eye it would have been easy for the teachers to pick out, in an assembly full of mainly un-crying children, which particular Good Boy had done the crime. And then, eventually, I stood up, sobbing so much my body buckled, and admitted what I had done. I got a mild-to-medium telling off and had to sweep the flowers up, but my parents were not informed.
So like: so I know what it is to live with the guilt of a lie, and I've never even stabbed myself and told the police antifa did it. What has Joshua Witt's life been like these past two weeks? Every time he looks at his healing hand-wound he must be thinking: the lie I told. Every time a police officer gets in touch to double-check a detail of the attack: the lie I told. Every thousand shares the original Facebook post gets: the lie I told. Up at night, alone in the cool blue of the early AM, and all that goes through his head, like a mantra: the lie I told.
AT WHAT STAGE OF NEWS ARE WE IN
I dunno what stage of the news cycle we are on – are we Fake News, now, or are we post-Fake News? Are we post- post-Fake News? Are we… fake Fake News? Post-fake Fake News? It's kind of hard to know, isn't it. When I was a kid, I always thought the fable about The Boy Who Cried Wolf was just a sort of "don't lie" thing, and not a larger allegory for the state of the news in 2017, but then what do I know. I have never stabbed myself in the hand, achieving nothing in the process, and lied to the police about it to cover my tracks. I've never come up with complicated ways to slur antifa that involved bleeding all over my car and doing news interviews about it. I don't know! I don't know. I don't know any more what's real and what's not. Apart from the guy who got stabbed by antifa for looking like a Nazi. That's definitely Not Real.
@joelgolby
Previously:
Five Questions About… the Big Ben Bong Girl
Chris Doane Automotive and KGP Photography 2015 Cadillac ATS-V (spy photo)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Cadillac is lacing up its boxing gloves for the upcoming auto-show season as it prepares to deliver a one-two punch with new V-series performance cars. The 2015 Cadillac ATS-V, America's first honest shot at the BMW M3, will debut at the 2014 Los Angeles auto show, which kicks off on November 19. Two months later, the 2016 Cadillac CTS-V will bow at the carmaker's hometown auto show in Detroit. Both cars will go on sale in 2015.
Our spy photographers have already snapped a preview of what to expect with the ATS-V, but the official reveal will expose the full extent of the changes inside and out, as well as under the hood and at the four corners. We do know the V-series ATS will provide a massive injection of thrust to an already-excellent chassis. A twin-turbo 3.6-liter V-6—the same engine that's used in the CTS Vsport—should turn out about 420 horsepower and 430 lb-ft of torque. An eight-speed automatic is a given, but it's still not clear whether a manual transmission will be on the menu because the current do-it-yourself ATS box only has the torque capacity to handle the output of the car's four-cylinder turbo.
Chris Doane Automotive and KGP Photography
2016 Cadillac CTS-V (spy photo)
One can only wonder how potent the ATS-V could be if Cadillac planners had stuck with their original powerplant choice—reportedly derailed by none other than former GM CEO Dan Akerson—the 505-hp 7.0-liter LS7 V-8 from the current Camaro Z/28 and previous-gen Corvette Z06. Regardless, the V-ified V-6 ATS set to appear in Los Angeles will be a four-door sedan, with the ATS-V coupe coming later.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Our hopes are equally high for the CTS-V, as the performance experts on the V team had the advantage of starting with a 10Best–winning car. When the CTS-V debuts in January at the 2015 Detroit auto show, we'll find a variant of the LT4 supercharged V-8 under the hood. That engine makes 650 horsepower and 650 lb-ft of torque in the 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06. We anticipate that the CTS-V might have a slightly lower output, but we still expect roughly 600 horsepower from the king Cadillac. As with the ATS, an eight-speed automatic is guaranteed. In this bigger, more luxurious car, however, a six-speed manual gearbox seems less likely, although the versatile Tremec manual box would fit. Spy photos suggest that the CTS-V will adopt a vertical grille and a raised trunk lid along with the requisite beefy wheels and tires.
FORT LAUDERDALE (CBSMiami) – As a mist showers down onto a man from a spigot on the ceiling, some might think it's a shower, but it's not. It's SmartWater.
You could call it a crime fighting spray. Under a special light, you'll see why. It leaves a harmless chemical staining the skin and clothes, explains SmartWater Founder Philip Cleary.
It's the latest crime-fighting tool being introduced in Fort Lauderdale. It's already used in Europe and can be used in several ways.
As part of an alarm system, it sprays the crooks. It was used during a jewelry store robbery in England.
“I hit the button,” explained the store clerk. The smart water was activated for when they ran across it. As they ran through it, the spray came down in huge doses so they were completely and utterly soaked.”
Weeks later when the suspects were arrested, police found the SmartWater on the gun. The spray is similar to DNA – in that it's unique to each customer, so the gun was linked to the jewelry store robbery and the crooks were out of luck!
Brian Letulle lives in South Middle River in Fort Lauderdale. He and 500 of his neighbors will be part of a pilot program to introduce SmartWater in the U.S.
For home use, SmartWater can be sprayed on to your property. If someone takes it and tries to sell it; it will be marked with spray that links it back to you.
“Having had a motorcycle stolen before,” explained Letulle, “I think you just put a dab somewhere inconspicuously, now my motorcycle's marked with the smart water, it's got my code on it. If they show up at a pawn shop, now it's traceable.”
“You let them know, ‘Guys, the good times are over,'” said Cleary, “We can make you accountable. You have this stuff in your store and we can prove it's stolen.” He urges them, “just don't buy it.”
An interesting topic that my therapist and I frequently visit is the topic about the many cycles that I've been subconsciously caught in.
What do you mean a “cycle“?
A cycle is a series of behaviors that result in a series of results (to those behaviors) that eventually reconnect and repeat indefinitely… Well, until another behavior (or event) disrupts said series and starts a new cycle.
In my experience, it seems that many of our behaviors and moods are a direct result of a cycle that we have created.This applies to many things, including our social interactions with others.
I was first introduced to the concept of cycles by my therapist who noticed that my depression followed a particular pattern every few weeks:
Happiness Hyperactivity Self Deprecation Depression “The Climb”
I would start out being happy. I would be content with everything in my life and everyone in it. Eventually, I would get a bit too happy and start being “hyper”. In reflecting on my actions of the day, I would see that I had upset several people and would immediately begin chastising myself, bringing my self-esteem lower and lower until I hit the depression stage. That would last a week or so, in which I would basically invalidate any self worth that I had for myself. I would go through each day by simply “going through the motions”. Finally, something decent would happen which would start my ascension to happiness and the cycle would start over and over again.
Quick Note
I was in a very unhealthy relationship with an extremely unhealthy person at the time. Which I also believe had a great deal to do with my depression, but the effects lingered long after the relationship ended.
So how do you break a cycle?
After identifying the various stages of my cycle, I could then develop a set of counter measures to skip parts of the cycle and create a new one.
I wanted to be happy, but I also needed to keep myself in balance to prevent myself from going overboard and causing problems for myself. However, I didn't want to go overboard in my balancing and go to the other extreme which is depression. The linchpin was simply my self deprecation.
So, all I had to do was limit my self deprecating.
It would keep me in balance, without causing me to nosedive into depression.
So far, this process has worked like a charm.
May this post guide you in your own development.
Advertisements
Phantasy Star Online 2 has trophies on PS Vita
Latest details from this week's Dengeki PlayStation.
Dengeki PlayStation this week has new details on the PlayStation Vita version of Phantasy Star Online 2.
Yu Suganuma is directing the PlayStation Vita version. Satoshi Sakai is still in the producer's chair.
During an interview, Sugunuma reveals the PlayStation Vita version will feature trophies, as it raises motivation and he likes collecting them. Within the game title, it is apparent that there are things that cannot be achieved by playing solo, he noted. However, trophies have been regulated to be more balanced so that they can more realistically be achieved, he assured. There are achievements PC users can get without creating a new character, too.
Also new in the PS Vita version is “Character Portrait” mode, where you can place and photograph characters in the game. The character appears on the screen and you can use the PS Vita camera to take photos of it in the real world. You can also add lines / script to it.
Other details published in the magazine include:
Even if you are playing with 12 people, the sensation is still the same on PS Vita.
Ships will be on blocks shared by PC and PS Vita.
A new character named Kuna, voiced by Eri Kitamura, in the story.
There are also details on abduction requirements, lucky rise effects, rare drop calculation, master drop limits, balance regulating, and other areas that weren't summarized online.
Sugunuma recommends you to have an 8 gigabyte memory card or higher to play Phantasy Star Online 2 for PS Vita. Though, if you're sharing the memory card with other games, then a 32 gigabyte memory card would be more efficient.
Phantasy Star Online 2 is due for PlayStation Vita in Japan on February 28.
Thanks, Game Nyarth, [email protected].
It is proving one of the oddest periods in journalism that I can remember. The collective ‘conspiracy' by hacks from every sector of the industry from cyberspace to the red top tabloids, finally facilitated by MP's and Lords on the floors of their Houses, has been bizarre to behold. Front pages, blogsites, TV, Radio, Twitter and more have been in the heat of the battle to breach and perhaps finally smash Britain's strange privacy construct.
And yet it is a campaign that came to rest on one famous footballer and which, so far as I can tell, left its audience of viewers, listeners, readers, followers and commenters more than somewhat bemused. To the wagers of the war, if war it was, there were vast principles of ‘freedom of speech' in play (even if these principles are handily adjacent to the commercial interest in traffic-driving, edition-shifting stories of celebrities' misdeeds.) To others, it seems, it appeared to come down to whether famous men slept with less than famous women and didn't tell their wives. ‘Surprise, surprise', many punters responded, ‘tell me something I didn't know.' So we tried. ‘Well, this or that guy – banker, public servant, sportsman, actor etc – got a court order that banned all mention even of the fact that they had a court order'. Not everyone was exercised – as if to say ‘rich people have always been able to buy whatever they wanted, so why not a bit of legal protection to cover up the behaviour that they might be ashamed of their own followers finding out – be they fan, or family.'
Yesterday saw the arrival on the Stock Exchange of the company that had basked in the accolade ‘the biggest company you have never heard of.' Valued now at somewhere North of $36 Billion, Glencore plays and dominates the commodities market – trading in everything from rape seed oil to coal.
Glencore's overnight billionaires suddenly realised, or were made to realise, that their vast wealth would render them subject to ‘public interest'.
What better than to turn to one of a number of corporate law firms whose lawyers describe themselves as reputation management experts. A few days ago, most major news organisations received a pointed letter from Schillings who say they help clients ‘manage what is published and broadcast about them.' The letter stated that Glencores' executives were ‘extremely private individuals'. There was a warning that reporting on these executives homes or private lives could pose a ‘security risk'. Schillings seemed to be talking about men like CEO Ivan Glasenburg, described by the FT as ‘one of the great enigmas of the corporate world'. They may also have had in mind Marc Rich who was charged with racketeering, tax evasion, and trading with the enemy (Iran) – until of course, he was controversially pardoned by Bill Clinton in the closing hours of his Presidency. Glencore used to be named Marc Rich& Co.
Today these deeply private men must be hoping they fare rather better than the most publicly exposed privacy seeker in the world, another Schillings client, one Ryan Giggs.
MILWAUKEE – The baseball that Anthony Alford hit 405 feet for his first major-league hit will soon be headed home.
Alford's mother, Lawanda, lives in Hattiesburg Miss., where she has collected souvenirs from her son's sports career for years. Last December, however, she lost everything in a house fire. In a way, that loss makes this baseball even more special.
“It'll be the start of a new collection,” Alford said.
When Alford first made contact with the ball, he thought it had a chance to leave Miller Park. Centre field is deep in Milwaukee, though, and this way he gets to send the baseball home.
“I probably wouldn't have gotten it back if it was a home run,” he said. “I figured with the luck I had it might have got caught, but I'm just so happy that it hit off the wall and I was able to get my first big-league hit.”
Alford made his MLB debut Friday, when the Blue Jays called him up all the way from double-A at a time they were short-handed. With Josh Donaldson and Troy Tulowitzki expected to return to the lineup this weekend, the Blue Jays will need to send two players down. Considering that Alford has played just 33 games at double-A, he looks like a likely candidate to be demoted, but even if that does happen, he'll return to the New Hampshire Fisher Cats with a big-league hit to his name.
“He smoked it. That's a good way to get it,” manager John Gibbons said. “Who knows how long he's going to be here with those other guys coming back, so you want to get that one out of the way.”
Not long after Alford collected his first MLB hit, reliever Danny Barnes picked up his first win at the MLB level. He didn't keep any souvenirs to commemorate the occasion, “just the memory.” Still, there's no mistaking the importance of Barnes' contribution: five outs of relief, including two fifth-inning strikeouts to help the Blue Jays escape a jam.
“It's better than coming in in a blowout or something,” Barnes said. “But any win's good.”
The Jeff Blair Show Jeff Blair: Jays not the only team playing 'meh' May 24 2017
Your browser does not support the audio element.
Like Barnes, Alford downplayed his own accomplishment in the aftermath of the Blue Jays' 4-3 win over the Brewers.
“Winning the game, I feel like, is way more important,” he said. “Just to experience that and get my first hit is something I'll always remember.”
Alford had played in three games over the weekend, appearing as a starter, a pinch-hitter and a defensive replacement. He made a couple of nice catches in the outfield, but wanted to contribute to the team offensively, too.
“I wasn't so much worried about the hit,” he said. “I was worried about coming out, helping the team and trying to help them get a win. Just do my part, whether it was backing up that day and cheering on my teammates, coming in pinch-running, pinch-hitting, starting — whatever it was, I just wanted to help the team.”
Alford did help the team, and in the process he started a new collection for his mother.
“I think she's going to be real excited,” he said. “I can just imagine her sitting and screaming at the TV now. I'm just proud that I can make her happy in some kind of way, show her that all of the hard work and sacrifices that she made are starting to pay off.”
Intel's 32nm Medfield system-on-chip has been teased all year as the platform for the company's big leap into mobile devices, and now we finally have some real hands-on feedback to report about it. The MIT Technology Review team was allowed to have a brief play with a pair of Medfield prototypes running Android — a phone similar in size to the iPhone that was on Gingerbread and a tablet close to the iPad 2 in thickness running Ice Cream Sandwich — and came away impressed. Responsiveness, we're told, was pleasing on both devices, though it was the ICS-equipped tablet that invited the greatest praise in being evidently faster and smoother than its Honeycomb brethren. The phone was described as being "on a par" with the latest Android and iPhone handsets, while its Intel credentials were proven by it playing back "Blu-ray-quality" video.
Intel VP Stephen Smith is quoted as saying he expects to see the first Medfield-based Android devices announced in the first half of 2012, though he does also hint that some may be making an early appearance at CES 2012. His company's efforts to get into the smartphone game have been well documented, including a number of abortive starts, most notably with the Moorestown-equipped LG W990 two years ago, but Smith describes the current maturity of Medfield chips as production-grade, a level he says had never been reached before. So maybe, just maybe, this is one smartphone roadmap that Intel may be able to adhere to. Let's see what comes out of CES first.
Counterfeiting taking place within the firearms industry?! Say it aint so?! Unfortunately it happens more than anyone would like to admit, and even we have been a victim. Most recently, it was something as “small” as a knock-off thread protector being sold by a distributor as an authentic LWD product. You might be thinking “a thread protector? You went to court over a thread protector?!”. But as hard as we've worked for these past two decades to build a rock solid reputation and to set the standard for our industry, we did not take the situation lightly. Adding fuel to the fire; when the offender was asked to cease and desist, we were promptly told to “pound sand”. So of course, a line had to be drawn and a stand had to be made!
Energy
From The Daily Caller
Michael Bastasch
10:35 AM 08/16/2017
Many Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) programs are redundant and could be eliminated without hurting environmental quality, according to a new report on reforming the federal bureaucracy.
“The EPA needs to be made more transparent and efficient, a goal that can be achieved while continuing to protect the nation's environment,” reads the report published by the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute (CEI) on Wednesday.
CEI gave a series of recommendations on how to make EPA more transparent and accountable, including eliminating regional offices and changing science programs.
“Many of the EPA's regional offices and grant programs are redundant and should be abolished,” reads the short report written by Myron Ebell, who headed President Donald Trump's EPA transition team.
“Other reform priorities include improving data quality standards for new research and transferring emergency response duties to the Federal Emergency Management Agency,” Ebell wrote.
The group says EPA's budget “is the most impenetrable of all federal department and agency budgets,” which makes it hard for Congress to know how taxpayer dollars are being spent. CEI wants EPA to do what other agencies do and put forward a budget that “clearly identifies the spender, how much they spend, and the legal basis for the spending.”
No doubt, CEI's suggestions will be opposed by environmental groups. Activists opposed President Donald Trump's proposed cuts to EPA's budget and elimination of dozens of agency programs.
“There is no way to sugarcoat this, President Trump has taken a wrecking ball to environmental protection in the US,” Ken Kimmell, president of the Union for Concerned Scientists, told CNN in May. “Frankly I didn't think this would happen with the severity with this is happening. We have had changes in powers before. Different presidents strike a different balance. But this is a severe attack that we didn't expect.”
Environmentalists have filed dozens of lawsuits to stop Trump's policy agenda from going through. Environmental activists even filed suit against the U.S.-Mexico border wall being planned by the Department of Homeland Security, arguing it would hurt endangered species.
Targeting EPA science programs has been on the Republican to-do list for years. Conservative groups and lawmakers worry EPA uses science to back pre-determined policy conclusions.
Republicans have also voiced concerns about the impartiality of outside EPA science advisers, most of whom take agency money to conduct research, creating a potential conflict of interest.
The House passed legislation in March to reform how EPA uses scientific research, but the bill hasn't gotten much attention in the Senate.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
A powerful typhoon was lashing southern Japan, causing widespread disrupution. Last month's Typhoon Noru (pictured) killed two people and injured 51 others (AFP Photo/STR)
A powerful typhoon ripped into southern Japan on Sunday, dumping torrential rain, grounding hundreds of domestic flights and halting train services.
Typhoon Talim made a landfall in Kyushu, the southernmost of Japan's four main islands, packing winds of up to 162 kilometres (105 miles) per hour, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.
At least 644 domestic flights have been cancelled because of strong winds, according to public broadcaster NHK, while all major regional train services have been suspended, operator JR Kyushu Railway said.
Authorities have issued warnings of rainstorms, high seas, possible landslides and flooding across the southern half of the Japanese archipelago.
The meteorological agency said the typhoon was expected to head northwards, dumping heavy rain across a large area, including on Tokyo.
The typhoon had earlier battered the southern Okinawan island chain, dumping the most rain seen over a 24-hour period in 50 years on the city of Miyako, before it hit Kyushu.
Big storms regularly strike Japan, with 22 people killed when Typhoon Lionrock pounded the country last September.
Last month, Typhoon Noru killed two and injured 51.
One of the great mysteries this July was who, exactly, gave Elon Musk “verbal governmental approval” to build his ultra-fast, underground tunnel between New York City and Washington, D.C.
On Monday, though, we received something of an answer: It may have been Reed Cordish, one of the top tech advisers to President Donald Trump. Thing is, he explained to Recode during an interview, it wasn't exactly a formal green light.
“I think that I was the culprit,” Cordish told me at the event, hosted by the Internet Association, in San Francisco. “As I said to Elon after, I think what you heard was ‘verbal government excitement.'”
In clarifying the mystery of that miscommunication, though, Cordish also sought to offer new details as to the White House's future plans for infrastructure reform. The package could include more than $200 billion in new government funds — along with efforts to lessen regulation specifically so that moonshot projects, like Musk's so-called Boring Company, can become reality.
“In essence, we've had the same technology for tunneling, it hasn't changed in the last fifty years. And what Elon has done is he's challenged his best engineers to reimagine that approach,” Cordish said.
“And we are working with them every day,” Cordish continued, “to get government out of the way.” Cordish specifically said he's been “talking to [Musk] and his company every day about the Boring Company.”
Musk, for his part, publicly and sharply sought to rebuke the White House earlier this year, tweeting he would no longer advise President Donald Trump because of his position on climate change.
But it seems his corporate representatives, at least, have maintained an open line of communication — a reflection there's plenty at stake in the nation's capital even for Trump's critics in Silicon Valley.
“Those became too politicized and no longer could be a frank exchange of ideas where we were able to learn,” Cordish told Recode when asked about those and other rifts.
Otherwise, Cordish stressed that the White House hoped to incentivize broadband providers as part of its forthcoming infrastructure package, with an eye on investing more heavily in hard-to-reach rural areas. That could include, he said, some new seed money in the form of federal spending.
Cordish also revealed that the bill could include provisions to modernize the U.S. workforce, including new efforts to train students how to code. Such a commitment comes weeks after Trump signed a presidential directive setting aside more federal dollars for computer science classes and programs.
And Cordish emphasized the proposal — currently a 70-page statement of principles — would seek to reward cities and states that raise their own cash for infrastructure investments.
“Those revenues can be levies or user fees or taxes or tolls,” he said. “If we offer a government incentive to do so, that will give them the political courage to do what's right.”
The White House plans to proceed with infrastructure reform as soon as Congress completes its current debate over tax reform, Cordish said, perhaps as soon as early 2018.
Deadly Mission District fire determined likely accidental
San Francisco Fire Department members fight blaze at 22nd and Mission Street in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, January 28, 2015. San Francisco Fire Department members fight blaze at 22nd and Mission Street in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, January 28, 2015. Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Deadly Mission District fire determined likely accidental 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
An inferno that torched a three-story building in the Mission District in January, killing one man and leaving 58 others homeless, was likely accidental and possibly caused by an electrical short within a wall, city officials said Wednesday.
The blaze that tore through the mixed-use building at the corner of 22nd and Mission streets the night of Jan. 28 started in a wall in the southwest corner of the residential third floor, said Mindy Talmadge, a Fire Department spokeswoman.
The fire took off when it got to the attic, where it ran the length of the building and spread to the lower floors.
Because the fire started inside a wall, Talmadge said, it could have been caused by faulty wiring.
“Investigators could not rule out an unspecified electrical fault,” she said, reading from a soon-to-be-released preliminary report on the investigation.
The report states that hard-wired smoke detectors were present at the time of the fire but failed to sound, though it was unclear why, and that the building was not equipped with automatic sprinklers.
California began requiring sprinklers on new buildings in 1989. New buildings must also have sophisticated fire alarm systems loud enough to wake up sleeping people in every apartment.
Older buildings need only comply with whatever codes were in place when they were built, and the building at 22nd and Mission streets dates from either 1907 or 1910, according to city records.
Resident Elvis Rivera said shortly after the fire that he had painted each apartment but never saw smoke alarms inside.
Rivera's roommate, 40-year-old Mauricio Orellana, died in the fire. Orellana was in his room in Apartment 300 wearing his headphones, said Rivera, who realized the building was burning only when his neighbor knocked frantically at his door, screaming, “Open up! I'm burning!”
Rivera helped his neighbor and a second roommate escape through a window.
Hawk Lou, whose family has owned the building since 1990, assumed full ownership in 2007 of the 18 apartments, 12 offices and 15 ground-floor restaurants and shops.
“I made sure everything was up to code. I did my part to maintain the building,” Lou said Wednesday. He declined to comment further, citing the advice of his lawyer and insurance adjuster.
Chronicle staff writer Nanette Asimov contributed to this report.
Kale Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfkale
Let's focus today on the crafty G.I. Joes from the American 2nd Infantry Division, which went right through “hedgerow hell” to come up with new infantry tactics.
ORIGINS
The original 2nd Infantry Division was formed in France, in 1917, as part of the American Expeditionary Force. It fought in the Aisne, during the battle of Saint-Mihiel, on the Argonne, … where it first made use of its insignia, still used to the day: the Indianhead.
But unlike most American units, it wasn't disbanded at the end of WW1, and remained active during the Interwar to be used as a testbed for new concepts, such as anti-tank warfare. After Pearl Harbor, in December 1941, Indianhead intensified its training, before being shipped to the UK in early 1943 to prepare for the invasion.
D-DAY … +1
Indianhead didn't storm the beach on D-Day, but instead, landed at Omaha the next day, June 7th, with Major General Walter M. Robertson in command, passing through the positions of the 1st & 29th Infantry Divisions, which held the beaches they had so dearly paid for. Spearheading the advance South, 2nd Infantry Division liberated villages & crossed rivers, closing on its objective: the major roads hub at Saint-Lô. But the German resistance was stiffening, and Indianhead soon ran into the (in)famous bocage country: on June 12th, it had reached the slopes of a small height defended by a battalion of German paratroopers from 3. Fallschirmjäger-Division.
Although unremarkable, this height, Hill 192, gave the Germans a good look at the landing beaches, and thus had to be taken. But it was well fortified, the Germans having turned every hedge and fields into a fortress, connected by tunnels. It was considered one of the most heavily fortified strongpoint of the entire First Army sector. From June 12th to 16th, Indianhead stormed the hill, only to be repelled with heavy losses. After three days and around 1.200 casualties, it gave up and took defensive positions on the slopes.
For the next month, Indianhead & Green Devils cohabited on the hill, sometimes occupying each side of the same hedge. While the German paratroopers maintained an aggressive stance, with frequent reconnaissance in force and counter-strikes, the Americans tried to develop new tactics, such as collecting the SMG and carbines from AA gun crews to give them as extra automatic weapons to scout and rifle squads, fitting dozer blades and improvised armor on M4A1 tanks dubbed “Rhinos“, and close coordination with said tanks. Patrols, small forays & local counter-attacks became the everyday life, and local places soon got appropriate nicknames, such as Kraut Corner, Purple Heart Draw, … not forgetting actual names also very fitting, such as Le Calvaire (“The Calvary“) or La Croix-Rouge (“The Red Cross“).
The standstill was broken on July 11th, when Indianhead attacked again. After a WW1-style rolling barrage fired by no less than eight artillery battalions, the 38th Infantry Regiment rushed ahead with Rhino tank in support. Despite the pounding, a few German pockets of resistance managed to inflict heavy losses on the Americans, but couldn't stop the assault: the hill was finally captured, and immediately fortified with a ring of artillery fire preventing any German counter-attacks.
BRITANNY & THE SIEGE OF BREST
Two weeks later, the German front erupted with Operation Cobra‘s massive air and artillery bombardment. Indianhead advanced in its wake, crossing the Vire on August 15th. But while most Allied troops in Normandy were rushing East toward the Argentan-Chambois sector to seal the Falaise pocket, the VIII Corps, of which 2nd Infantry Division was now part, was sent West to Britanny.
VIII Corps rolled through Britanny, encountering only limited opposition, and linking with the Résistance and SAS teams which had waged a guerilla war with the local German troops to pin them in the peninsula during the battle of Normandy. The Germans had retired into the harbors, which they were determined to hold. Saint-Malo fell quickly, but was sabotaged and was too small to sustain the Allied war effort. The real prize was Brest, a major harbor and a submarine base, which Hitler made sure to be defended: in charge of its defense was Bernhardt Ramcke, a veteran paratrooper from the Afrika Korps and one of Germany's most decorated WW2 soldier.
Just like in Monte Cassino, the German Fallschirmjäger (from 2. FJ-Division this time) were well entrenched, with ample stocks of ammunition and turned every ruin into a fortress. It took the VIII Corps, with Rangers & even specialized tanks from the British 79th Armored Division (the “Hobart's Funnies”) in support, and the use of USAAF bunker busting bombs, from August 7th to September 19th to put an end to the German resistance. Brest lied in ruins.
AFTER NORMANDY & BRITANNY
Moved to Belgium, Indianhead entered Germany on October 3rd, 1944, but pulled back in Belgium during the Battle of the Bulge to halt the German offensive. It then resumed its advance in Germany, ending the war in Czechoslovakia.
Brought back in the USA, they were scheduled for deployment in the Pacific but the war ended there before they were shipped. Indianhead then resumed its role as a testbed division for arctic, air transportability, amphibious, and more training.
At the outbreak of the Korean War, 2nd Infantry Division was the first unit shipped to the peninsula directly from the USA and proved instrumental in breaking out of the “Pusan pocket” (which should remind Red Dragon's fas some souvenir 😉 ). It fought the entire war there and, but for a brief repatriation in the USA in the 1950's, still has its HQ there today.
THE 2ND INFANTRY DIVISION INGAME
Indianhead is a balanced division, growing in strength from Phase A to C.
A handful of Rangers in Phase A will make life hard for their opponents. They are deadly opponents, doubling as assault engineers, but are too few to be everywhere at once, and lacking resilience. Hence G.I. Joe will have to fill the gaps.
From Phase A, Indianhead can rely on a good selection of fire support vehicle, from Priest DD used as assault guns to the rangers' own T30 HMC.
In both Phase B & C, Rifles will remain the backbone of the division, with ever increasing artillery and armor support, although the latter is limited to old M4A1, including the field-modified M4A1 Rhino. A pioneer in anti-tank warfare, Indianhead might be wiser to rely on M5 76mm anti-tank guns to get rid of enemy armors, later supplemented with M10A1 tank destroyers.
2nd Infantry Division also offers a wide array of choice when it comes to killing its enemies from afar, with plenty of artillery units, ranging from all types of infantry mortar to 203mm off-map artillery. But of special note is the Xylophone, a Katyusha-type American MLRS: this weapon system was entrusted to the sole Indianhead for field testing during the siege of Brest.
Martin O'Neill today named a provisional 36-man squad for the Republic of Ireland's upcoming games against Oman and Georgia.
Ireland will take on Oman in the Aviva Stadium on Wednesday, September 3rd (7.45)ahead of their opening Euro 2016 Group D Qualifier against Georgia in Tbilisi on September 7th. The squad will be reduced ahead of meeting up on August 31st.
O'Neill said: “‘I have had the opportunity to work with the players since last November, and we are well prepared as we embark upon the first of our qualifiers next month.
“Oman will provide a good test to start our trip before we travel to Tbilisi. We are focused on the task in hand, and look forward to the challenges ahead of us.”
Darron Gibson returns to the squad after a long term injury but there is no place for young Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish.
Of the Birmingham-born Grealish, who is eligible for England, O'Neill said : “I spoke to his father, I spoke to Jack. I think like anything else, he's a young kid coming through with a lot of potential and I just think they just want to take a little bit of time.
“He's got a number of options and he's felt comfortable playing underage level but it's a totally different thing to committing yourself to senior football. He's got a lot of talent. He's got taller. He's got stronger the last couple of months. It was a decent conversation and I think I'll just leave it at that at the moment.”
As for other potential new recruits, O'Neill refused to name names but said: “One or two of them are closer to making decision, put it that way.”
Tottenham striker Harry Kane, defender Kyle Naughton and former England under-21 captain Mark Noble are all eligible for Ireland.
Gibson hasn't played since last October but he could make his return for Everton over the next week. O'Neill admitted: “In terms of match fitness, Darron is a little bit below (optimum). He thought he might have been involved in the squad last week (Leicester) but I think he's on the radar now and that's good news for us all.”
Nottingham Forest midfielder Andy Reid is also struggling for fitness and James McClean is named squad despite an ankle injury and not having featured in pre-season or the new campaign with Wigan Athletic.
O'Neill spoke with the winger the other day. He is “doing some running” and “hopes to be involved at some stage”. He did warn, however, there are “not that many matches” between now and when the squad assembles.”
O'Neill added he saw no reason to change take the captaincy of Robbie Keane for the new campaign, given the positive influence he has on and off the pitch.
The Georgia game, the manager insisted, is a “tough” one. “The fixture list is not fantastic, with three of the first four games away, they really are tough fixtures. Georgia can play a bit, there's no question about that, but that's the nature of it, let's get on with it.”
Republic of Ireland squad: Forde (Millwall), Westwood (Sheffield Wednesday), Randolph (Birmingham), Elliot (Newcastle), Keogh (Derby County), Wilson (Stoke), Coleman (Everton), O'Shea (Sunderland), Pearce (Reading), Kelly (Reading), McShane (Hull), Delaney (Crystal Palace), O'Brien (West Ham), Duffy (Everton), McCarthy (Everton), Hendrick (Derby County), Clark (Aston Villa), Ward (Burnley), Whelan (Stoke), Gibson (Everton), Reid (Nottingham Forest), McGeady (Everton), Pilkington(Cardiff), McClean (Wigan), Brady (Hull), Quinn (Hull), Meyler (Hull), Hoolahan (Norwich), Keane (LA Galaxy), Long (Southampton), Murphy (Ipswich), Walters(Stoke), Doyle (Wolves), Stokes (Celtic), Cox (Reading), Sammon Ipswich)..”
Republic of Ireland squad: Forde (Millwall), Westwood (Sheffield Wednesday), Randolph (Birmingham), Elliot (Newcastle), Keogh (Derby County), Wilson (Stoke), Coleman (Everton), O'Shea (Sunderland), Pearce (Reading), Kelly (Reading), McShane (Hull), Delaney (Crystal Palace), O'Brien (West Ham), Duffy (Everton), McCarthy (Everton), Hendrik (Derby County), Clark (Aston Villa), Ward (Burnley), Whelan (Stoke), Gibson (Everton), Reid (Nottingham Forest), McGeady (Everton), Pilkington (Cardiff), McClean (Wigan), Brady (Hull), Quinn (Hull), Meyler (Hull), Hoolahan (Norwich), Keane (LA Galaxy), Long (Southampton), Murphy (Ipswich), Walters (Stoke), Doyle (Wolves), Stokes (Celtic), Cox (Reading), Sammon Ipswich).
Have you ever wondered, "Wouldn't sex be better if my penis had a helmet?" Yeah, neither have we. But one inventor is pitching just that as a way to have a better time in the bedroom.
California native Charlie Powell claims to have invented a new kind of condom that he is calling the "Galactic Cap." Instead of a latex sheath covering the full length of the penis, Powell's condom encases only the tip. That way, semen is trapped without dulling sexual sensation, according to Powell.
Just one problem: It may not be as good as conventional condoms at stoping STIs.
Prodded by a competition funded by Bill Gates, who believes more people will wrap it up if condoms are more pleasurable to use, some engineers are turning their attention to building a better condom. After failing to win a funding prize from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Powell is trying to raise money for making his condom through an IndieGogo campaign, which will launch Sunday.
The cap is made up of two parts: a U-shaped polyurethane adhesive film and a reservoir tip that sticks to the adhesive. The film can be worn for hours or even days before sex. You can bathe in it and urinate with it (though we're not sure why you would). The reservoir is added immediately before sex.
Powell boasts that this little shower cap for your swimmers leaves the shaft and ridge of the penis uncovered for more pleasurable sex
While the cap has yet to receive approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, it is worth noting that this condom-alternative is lacking for the exact reason it seems appealing. Regular condoms cover the length of the penis because many sexually transmitted infections are spread through skin-to-skin contact. These include genital warts, genital herpes, HPV, syphilis and molluscum.
Additionally, while HIV is often transmitted through semen, it is also spread through blood. Anal sex frequently involves minor tearing for both parties that can lead to bleeding.
MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday hit out at what he called “bullshit” Western threats to seek his indictment by the International Criminal Court (ICC) over his role in a bloody crackdown on drugs.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte gestures during a briefing with the military after his visit at Camp General Basilio Navarro in Zamboanga City, Philippines November 25, 2016. Malacanang Photo/Handout via REUTERS
Police figures show Duterte's campaign has killed more than 2,500 people since he took office on June 30, about three-quarters in police counter-narcotics operations, and the rest believed to be the victims of vigilantes or druglords eliminating rivals or silencing those who could implicate them.
An ICC prosecutor last month said the Hague-based tribunal might have jurisdiction to prosecute the perpetrators of Philippines killings.
“You scare me that you will jail me? International Criminal Court? Bullshit,” Duterte said during a speech.
He scolded the United States for what he called hypocritical threats to try him in the ICC, to which Washington itself is not a signatory. He did not specify when the U.S. threat was made.
U.S. State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a news briefing on Monday that he was not aware of any such threat.
The United States chose not to sign the Rome Statute to protect former President George W. Bush, Duterte said, without elaborating.
“America itself is threatening to jail me in the International Criminal Court,” Duterte said. “It is not a signatory of that body. Why? Because at that time, they were afraid Bush would face it.”
For months, Duterte has been ridiculing concerns that extrajudicial killings could be taking place in his drugs war, and the United States, European Union and United Nations have been the preferred targets of his comments.
The brash former mayor and prosecutor said lawyers in Europe were “rotten,” “stupid,” and had a “brain like a pea.”
This month, Duterte said he might follow Russia's move to withdraw from the ICC, describing it as “useless.”
He believes the West has failed to comprehend the gravity of the Philippines' methamphetamine problem and has said he was ready to “rot in jail” to achieve his goals.
There is nothing wrong with threatening to kill bad elements, he said on Monday.
“I will never allow my country to be thrown to the dogs,” Duterte said. “I said, when I was a mayor, ‘If you destroy my city with drugs I will kill you.'
“Simple as that. ... When was it a crime to say, ‘I will kill you' in protecting my country?”
Bryan Fischer (YouTube)
Radio host Bryan Fischer of the American Family Association said this week that God had allowed the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre to happen as a punishment for legalized abortion.
“An incident like the killing in Sandy Hook, the cold-blooded killing of those children in their first grade classrooms, how does that happen?” Fischer remarked on his Monday radio show. “Why does God permit that? Why doesn't God intervene.”
According to Fischer, the answer was “because our sins as a nation have driven God from us.”
“So as we lift our hands in prayer as a nation, what he sees is the blood on our hands of the 57 million unborn babies whose lives have been taken through abortion,” the radio host opined after reading a passage from the Book of Isaiah. “So he can't hear our prayers because the blood of the unborn cries out to Him and He can't hear our prayers over the pleas of the blood of the unborn.”
“So if we're once again going to have God hear our plans, we have got to clean up our act, and that's got to start with abortion,” he insisted.
Fischer reminded his viewers that he had made a similar point after the 20 Sandy Hook Elementary School students were murdered in 2012.
“We have spent the last 60 years in our culture telling God to get lost, and we wonder why He's not around when we need him? God's a gentleman, he will not go where he's not wanted,” he warned.
Watch the video below from American Family Radio via Right Wing Watch.
Thursday, October 7, 2010
Is high-fructose corn syrup unhealthy?
Not because high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) is any worse for you than sugar, but because it is, like many of the other unfamiliar ingredients in packaged foods, a reliable marker for a food product that has been highly processed. Also, high-fructose corn syrup is being added to hundreds of foods that have not traditionally been sweetened - breads, condiments, and many snack foods - so if you avoid products that contain it, you will cut down on your sugar intake.
Selling our social capital
I am a foodie myself, and I certainly understand there are concerns. There were a couple things that were deciding factors in allowing them to sponsor. The main factor was that they expressed an interest in coming to Type-A Mom to hear moms' concerns, to listen, and not to pitch attendees. It seemed like an opportunity for parents to have those concerns heard face to face by the association. The second factor was that my conference, and many others, have sponsors who use sugars. It was a matter of fairness. I would love to have all organic/whole foods companies as food sponsors, but it takes tens of thousands of dollars above and beyond registration fees to put on the conference. The fact of the matter is that we pitched every company that falls into that category that we could think of, and in most cases got no response.
Bottom line, though, this wasn't about money because their sponsorship was the lowest level available. I had a lengthy phone conversation with the marketer with the association, and in fact encouraged her to just attend and not sponsor. She felt that would be a bit disingenuous and also said they wanted to show financial support for the mom blogging community. What I agreed to, finally, was the lowest level of sponsorship. They placed a water bottle into gift bags (easy enough to discard), and they got a logo on the site.
Lesney Products & Co. Ltd. was a British manufacturing company responsible for the conception, manufacture, and distribution of die-cast toys under the "Matchbox" name.
History [ edit ]
A Lesney Matchbox truck box
Lesney was founded on January 19, 1947 as an industrial die-casting company by Leslie Smith (March 6, 1918 - May 26, 2005) and Rodney Smith (August 26, 1917 - July 20, 2013). The two men were not related by blood; they had been school friends and served together in the Royal Navy during World War II. Shortly after they founded the company, Rodney Smith introduced to his partner a man named John "Jack" Odell, an engineer he had met in a previous job at D.C.M.T. (another die-casting company). Mr. Odell initially rented a space in the Lesney building to make his own die-casting products, but he joined the company as a partner in that same year.
Lesney originally started operations in a derelict pub in north London (The Rifleman), but later, as finances allowed, changed location several times before finally moving to a factory in Hackney which became synonymous with the company. In late 1947 they received a request for parts for a toy gun. As that proved to be a viable alternative to reducing their factory's output during periods in which they received fewer or smaller industrial orders, they started making die cast model toys the following year. Seeing no future for the company, Rodney Smith left in 1951.
The first model toy they produced in 1948 – a die-cast road roller based clearly on a Dinky model (the industry leader in die-cast toy cars at that time) – in hindsight proves to be the first of perhaps three major milestones on the path to their eventual destiny. It established transportation as a viable and interesting theme; other similar models followed, including a cowboy-influenced covered wagon and a soap-box racer. The company continued to produce non-toy items; of those marketed directly by Lesney, one of the more popular ones was a Fishing bait press, well liked by British anglers at the time.
The next crucial milestone was the production of a replica of the Royal State Coach in 1953, the year of the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II. Two versions were created, the first in a larger scale, followed by a smaller-scale model. It was this second model that sold over a million units, a massive success at the time. The profits from the sales provided valuable capital for further investments.
The final and decisive stepping stone in the pre-Matchbox era was a toy which Mr. Odell designed for his daughter: Her school only allowed children to bring toys that could fit inside a matchbox, so Mr. Odell crafted a scaled-down version of the Lesney green and red road roller. Based on the aforementioned size restriction, the idea was born to sell the model in a replica matchbox – thus also yielding the name of the series which would propel Lesney to worldwide, mass-market success. The road roller ultimately became the first of the Matchbox 1-75 miniature range; a dump truck and a cement mixer completed the original three-model release.
In the early years of the series, Lesney used a partner company, "Moko" (itself also named after its founder, Moses Kohnstam), to market/distribute its toys. This distribution was documented on the boxes themselves, on which the text "A Moko Lesney product" appeared. By the end of the decade, Lesney was able to buy Moko, marketing its products under its own name from that point on. A period of great expansion, tremendous profit, and recognition followed: In 1966, Lesney received their first (of several) Queen's Awards for Industry. By the mid-'60s, Matchbox was the largest brand of die-cast model vehicles in the world, and had diversified the line into multiple series. For further details on the history of the Matchbox series, see the article Matchbox (brand).
On July 11, 1982, after years of difficulties due to the economic climate in Britain at the time, Lesney went bankrupt and into receivership. Competing companies Mettoy (Corgi) and Meccano (Dinky) also suffered the same fate. The Matchbox brand as well as Lesney's tooling were bought by and became a division of Universal Holdings/Universal Toys, where the company re-formed as "Matchbox International Ltd." Tooling and production were moved to Macau. Jack Odell went on to form a new company, Lledo, where he produced models similar to early Matchbox Models of Yesteryear. Since 1996, the Matchbox brand has been owned by Mattel, creators of Hot Wheels.
Some of the tools and dies created in the Lesney era were still used in the Matchbox line of 2007.
Non-Matchbox Lesney toys [ edit ]
Although the name Lesney became synonymous with Matchbox, the company produced several toys previous to and into the Matchbox era which were not sold under that famous moniker. Today, these are highly collectible items. They include:
Road Roller (1947), later scaled down to become Matchbox no. 1*
Cement Mixer (1948), later scaled down to become Matchbox no. 3*
Caterpillar Crawler (1948), later scaled down to become Matchbox no. 8
Caterpillar Bulldozer (1948), later scaled down to become Matchbox no. 18
Milk Float (1949), later scaled down to become Matchbox no. 7; this was the 1st toy made in Lesney's second factory at Barratts Grove
Soap-Box Racer (1949)
Rag & Bone Cart (1949)
Prime Mover & Trailer (1950), used in different scales later than Matchbox 1-75 and Major Pack models
and models Jumbo the Elephant (1950), a clockwork toy (marketed by Moko)
Muffin the Mule (1951), a puppet animal based on a TV show (marketed by Moko)
large Royal State Coach (1951 & 1952); the 1st version included figures of king and queen; the horses were cast by competing company Benbros
queen; the horses were cast by competing company Benbros small Royal State Coach [Coronation Coach] (1953), first big seller, provided capital for further ventures
Massey-Harris Tractor (1954), perhaps the finest Lesney toy, later scaled down to become Matchbox no. 4
Conestoga Covered Wagon (1954)
* The first release under the Matchbox name included three models, two of which (nos. 1 and 3) were based on larger Lesney toys as described above. The third model, the no. 2 Dump Truck, was actually a scaled-down version of a competitor's model, the original having been manufactured by Condon Products Ltd.
See also [ edit ]
The father of a British medical student turned jihadist has said his son should face execution himself if he is proved to be a killer appearing in an Islamic State execution video alongside 'Jihadi John'.
Ahmed Muthana, said he fears his son, Nasser Muthana, is one of a gang of camouflaged Isil fighters who line up to behead Syrian military captives in a horrific video released at the weekend.
Muthana, from Cardiff, is suspected of appearing standing alongside the masked militant known as Jihadi John in the video, which also announces the death of American hostage Peter Kassig.
His father said he had seen stills of the video and was unable to confirm the man was his 20-year-old son, but feared it was. He said his son should face a death sentence if proven to be a killer.
Mr Muthana, 57, said: "If that's what he has done to someone then that is what should be done to him.
"I am like any other father. I am trying not to believe it is my boy, but it looks like him.
"But I am not going to make excuses for him. He is a grown man and he must face up to what he has done."
Mr Muthana, a retired electrical engineer, said he had sympathy for the family of Mr Kassig and the Syrian soldiers killed in the executions.
He said: “What they are doing is inhuman, this is not the son I brought up. He has been got at – he has changed."
Nasser Muthana was a promising student with a university place to study medicine before he travelled to Syria last year to wage jihad against Bashar al Assad's regime. He was followed months later by his younger brother Aseel, aged 17.
(From left) Abu Dujana al Hindi, Nasser Muthana from Cardiff and Abu Bara al Hindi
Nasser then appeared in a recruiting video released earlier this year urging would-be jihadists to join him fighting for Islamic State of Iraq and Levant (Isil).
Mr Muthana, who has four children, said he had not heard directly from either son since they left.
He said the man in the film was thinner than he had last seen his son.
He said: “It resembles him. I was shown a picture of the video. I cannot confirm it is him, but I think it might be."
Mr Muthana said he would disown his sons.
He said: "I have not heard directly from either of my sons since they went. But Aseel was in touch with my cousin earlier this year in the Yemen through social networking.
"My cousin has died recently so we have lost my only point of contact.
"They are my sons and they are gone and I don't want them back. No father wants to disown their children but I have no choice. That is the way it is."
Con una férrea defensa, el equipo de Silvana Renom se fue seis goles arriba al cabo del primer tiempo (14-8) con una gran actuación de la armadora Agustina López , autora de cuatro goles.
En el segundo período, el equipo del español Iñaki Aniz (sí, Chile tiene los recursos para contratar un técnico de una potencia mundial) intentó reaccionar para achicar el marcador. Pero Uruguay logró mantener la ventaja con su gran defensa, una consagratoria actuación de Agustina Modernell en el arco con 11 atajadas y mucha corrida rápida para canalizar las ofensivas.
Asimismo, el ataque de posesión dio sus frutos con buen manejo y una brillante actuación en la punta derecha de Paula Fynn, autora de ocho goles en el partido, cinco de ellos en el segundo tiempo.
Este jueves Uruguay jugará con Argentina a la hora 21 para definir el primer lugar del grupo. El sábado se medirá en semifinales contra un rival del grupo A donde Brasil y Paraguay están con un pie adentro.
Uruguay solo perdió dos veces con Chile en la historia. Una por el bronce de los Juegos Odesur de Buenos Aires 2006 y otra por las semifinales del quinto puesto de los Juegos Panamericanos de Guadalajara 2011. Antes y después le ganó siempre. Con autoridad, como en esta nueva ocasión. La historia manda.
Goleadoras de Uruguay tras tres partidos
Paula Fynn 15 Martina Barreiro y Agustina López 12 Ale Scarrone 11 Leti Schica 10 Sole Faedo 7
La selección de Uruguay de handball femenino le ganó 26-17 a Chile y se aseguró un lugar en las semifinales del Campeonato Panamericano que se disputa en Villa Ballester, Argentina, a falta de un partido para culminar el grupo B.
Taking a page from reddit's ask-me-anything feature and other live Q&A sessions, the country's most popular spies are burnishing their image today with a little direct outreach.
On Tumblr, Rebecca Richards — the National Security Agency's civil liberties and privacy officer — is tossing out casual, Internetty answers to mostly softball questions like "What is your first priority as Privacy Director?" and "What is involved in your typical day of work?"
The answers consist mainly of abstract buzzwords like "protect and safeguard personal privacy" without going into specifics.
The chat, if you can call it that, is only one hour long and was first promoted by the NSA about six hours ago. It would've been easy to miss unless you already follow the NSA closely. So far, Richards hasn't addressed last week's USA Freedom Act vote in Congress, or any other substantive policy issues — which left some visibly frustrated over the event.
This chat is welcome, and Rebecca Richards shows a sense of humor. But c'mon, the questions can't all be that basic. http://t.co/jbKTEAoHV5 — Barton Gellman (@bartongellman) November 24, 2014
The Q/A with the NSA's civil liberties director is boring. They're picking and choosing which questions to answer. http://t.co/smW4aiqQBi — Christopher Soghoian (@csoghoian) November 24, 2014
Richards has taken one question from Gellman and one from another journalist, but didn't directly address the first and offered few specifics on the second.
To me the characters found in video games are the most interesting part. Sure, I like jumping off buildings with giant homing missile rocket launchers and landing on the ground so hard all the nearby cars explode as much as the next guy, but it's the people that you meet along the way that stay in your memory for years to come. And the goofier they are, the better.
Here's the video game characters that, to me, were the ones that were the dumbest but also at the same time the absolute BEST because they were just so plain goofy and charming in their own way.
Captive (Metal Slug)
You've been imprisoned by enemy forces that may or may not be Nazis. For months now you've been chained up, starved, assaulted and worked to an inch of your life. All hope and humanity you may have had is lost…when suddenly a guy comes in, shoots up the place, and rescues you! Do you:
Cry in despair and pain and gratitude, before asking if he has any food Stare blankly at the walls for weeks or even months, as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder overwhelms you Run towards the nearest Red Cross camp and beg for help.
The correct answer is NONE OF THE ABOVE, JUST TAKE OFF YOUR UNDERWEAR.
Seriously what the hell did they DO to these guys?
Horace (Horace Goes Skiing)
Just look at him. One of video gaming's earliest mascots was also one of the weirdest. What was Horace?
Was he just a blob with arms?
Did he think?
Did he feel?
Was he angry or happy?
Did he like French cinema?
I guess we'll never know. I love him to bits but he still gives me the creeps.
Dolphin (Aero Fighter 2 / Sonic Wing 2)
God, I love this guy. The game is a fairly routine vertically scrolling shmup but you get to play as some cool characters, including the world's first dolphin pilot. Why or even how he became a pilot is never made clear, but I get the feeling (through the between-level text boxes) that he's deeply concerned about evil forces taking over the world and feels that he could do more about it in a jet than in the ocean.
What makes him especially cool is when you play the game in two player mode the other characters get completely creeped out that they're talking to a flying dolphin, and for some reason it always gives me the giggles.
Flag guy (OutRun)
Flag guy is the best part of OutRun, and I think OutRun is just wall-to-wall awesome, so that says a lot about how much I love Flag Guy.
Flag Guy will, if you decide to just let your car sit there and gather dust after the flag is waved, stand around and entertain the crowds.
He'll shake, he'll moonwalk, I'm pretty sure he'll even bake you a nice casserole if the timer didn't count down by the time the oven warmed up.
Bartender (Wonder Boy In Monster Land)
I just have a couple of questions about the Bartender you meet at the start of the game:
Why is he running a bar in the middle of nowhere How does he stay in business with only two drinks and no other customers Has he noticed that Wonder Boy isn't exactly of drinking age?!
Still, I like his spirit, his cheeky optimism, and his flamboyant '80s hair that says he doesn't really care what anyone thinks. We need more people in this world that follows his brave example.
Salesman Stan (The Secret of Monkey Island)
I would buy anything from Salesman Stan.
If he came over to my house and told me I needed to buy a sixth Commodore 64 I'd be all like WELL YOU MAKE A COMPELLING CASE SALESMAN STAN, YOUR PLAID SUIT AND LITERS OF SPITTLE CONVINCED ME, NOW BRING IT AROUND THE BACK SO THE WIFE DOESN'T REGRET HER LIFE CHOICES EVEN MORE.
And when he's sold you everything you can use him as an air conditioning unit because his flapping arms cool the room rather nicely.
Poochy (Tetris Attack)
Big Al (Pilotwings)
Big Al is the chief of the Pilotwings aviation flight school, and when you first meet him he's a real hard ass. He's always riding you to fly perfectly and not screw up and get a real job already AND YOU'RE NOT MY REAL DAD ANYWAY. Big Al gets away with that because he's a legend, a story, and a man who towers over others with his remarkable flying achievements.
That all changes the day his brother is kidnapped by the EVIL Syndicate. Perhaps his brother shouldn't have been hanging around with an organisation called the EVIL Syndicate, but it's too late for regrets now so Big Al asks you to fly in and blow 'em all up. It's a tough mission and God knows I nearly snapped my SNES controller in two while doing it but Big Al breaks down in tears when you do it and if that's not Oscar-worthy character progression I don't know what is.
Cranky Kong (Donkey Kong Country)
Cranky Kong, AKA the original Donkey Kong AKA my personal hero, is my favourite video game character of all time because he just sits around the house all day talking about old video games and how much better they are than the new ones.
I mean, I know that seems crazy, but that just seems like the ideal life to me.
This article is over 1 year old
China's parliament has formally extended a law banning disrespect of the national anthem to cover Hong Kong, a move that critics say undermines the city's autonomy and freedoms.
In the past few years, some Hong Kong football fans have booed the national anthem during World Cup qualifiers and other matches.
Hong Kong activists fear Chinese anthem law is the latest curb on freedom Read more
China passed a law in September mandating up to 15 days in police detention for those who mock March of the Volunteers. The law covered the Chinese territories of Hong Kong and Macau but was not immediately given a legal basis for enforcement there.
The Xinhau state news agency reported on Saturday that the law had now been included in an annex of Hong Kong's basic law, or mini-constitution. It is also to be included in an annex of Macau's basic law.
He Shaoren, a spokesman for the National People's Congress standing committee, said in a news conference that it was up to the Hong Kong government to enact a local law to abide by the amendment in a timely manner.
A Hong Kong official had said earlier in the week that this would happen “as soon as possible”.
Hong Kong is a former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a “one country, two systems” formula that promises the city a high degree of autonomy, including an independent judiciary.
China's growing reach into its affairs has toked tensions and mass protests, including the 2014 Occupy movement that blocked major roads in the city for 79 days to pressure China to allow full democracy.
The Chinese parliament also passed an amendment to its criminal law on Saturday that extends punishments for publicly desecrating the national flag and emblem to disrespecting the national anthem.
Punishments include jail terms of up to three years, Xinhua reported. This law does not appear to apply to Hong Kong or Macau.
CLEVELAND, OH – Ted Cruz opened his much anticipated speech tonight by “congratulating” Donald Trump on his victory in the primary. He then said that he hoped “the principles this party was founded upon” would win in November. He carefully avoided saying that Trump was the man to carry those principles, or that he represented them.
He proceeded to a moving eulogy for the fallen officers in Dallas, and declared that our law enforcement in America “deserves better.” He then offered a passioned indictment of the policies of both Obama and Clinton that was both more nuanced, exhaustive, and persuasive than what he offered on the campaign trail.
He abandoned his revival preacher schtick that so hampered him on the campaign trail, and spoke much more from the heart. If Cruz as a speaker had been more like this during the course of the campaign, maybe things would have turned out differently, but who knows.
Cruz was probably aiming for Reagan's 1976 convention speech during his address tonight, and he may have fallen short of that, because he is not the orator that Ronald Reagan was. But then, few if any are. But he did make a positive impression on many people who he had rubbed the wrong way, and avoided angering either people who believe that Republicans should fall in line behind Trump, or people who believe that no one should fall in line behind Trump.
I know there are people who see ambition and self-interest in everything that Cruz does, and there is nothing I can do to persuade those folks. But it is important to understand the tremendous pressure that was brought to bear on Cruz to deliver a rousing endorsement of Trump tonight. It's pressure that has successfully brought every one of Trump's rivals to heartily endorse Trump. But instead of saying “vote for Trump,” Cruz was the only one who instead said, “vote your conscience, and vote candidates who love freedom up and down the ticket.”
Conservatives who oppose Trump have exactly two candidates who haven't yet bowed the knee to Trump. Only one had the balls to come to the convention and do it. After that point of the speech, the tension in the arena was palpable. The chanting from the New York delegation was very audible. Cruz faced both boos and applause. And he still did not waiver. And that has to count for something.
A Tennessee cop fired a gun to stop a turkey from pooping on a police car, but now he's the one who's ankle-deep in doo-doo.
Lt. Andy Jackson, a sheriff in Maury County, Tenn., found the hard way that shooting a gun to scare a turkey isn't proper police procedure, and was reprimanded by his superior officers for using his firearm outside his training.
The birdbrained controversy began June 29 when Jackson saw a turkey defecating on a department car around 7:30 a.m. He said that after other methods of getting the turkey to trot away, he fired his sidearm into the air as a warning shot.
He said the area where he fired the gun is a wooded area bordering a river that is remote and unoccupied.
"I felt it was very safe," he told WKRN-TV. "I fired in that direction [towards the woods]."
Chief Deputy Nathan Johns said Jackson was reprimanded for a simple reason: “We don't train using our firearm to scare animals off of vehicles,” Johns told the Columbia Daily Herald.
The turkey was unavailable for comment.
Jackson's turkey shoot came to light after a sheriff's detective working under him reported the incident on Facebook.
The officer, Terry Chandler, was reassigned at his own request shortly after the incident and later resigned. George said no punitive actions were taken against Chandler.
"He did not accept criticism well, and he didn't like his lieutenant [Jackson]," Sheriff Enoch George said, according to UPI.com. "There were some things that happened the morning before the complaint about the shooting. I won't get into what kind of things, but he had been talked to by his lieutenant."
A mistake in Doctor Who‘s DVD subtitles has Peter Capaldi's Doctor resembling his The Thick of It character Malcolm Tucker even more than usual.
The error on the Region 1 DVD box set for the first half of last year's Season 9 features on ‘The Woman Who Lived'.
Rather brilliantly, the Doctor's sweary reaction fits the scene absolutely perfectly.
When Ashildr (Maisie Williams) and Leandro (Ariyon Bakare) inform the Doctor that the amulet requires a death, he responds simply: “Oh shit.”
Watch the scene with the incorrect subtitling…
The new season of Doctor Who is currently filming in Cardiff and begins on BBC One in April 2017.
Here's everything we know so far about Season 10.
Have you spotted any other Doctor Who subtitle errors? Let us know below…
Marijuana businesses, outdoor cultivation and cannabis events in San Bernardino are prohibited over the next 45 days per an interim ordinance unanimously approved by the City Council late Wednesday night.
The ordinance – adopted by the body after hearing 10 public speakers, some for, some against the temporary ban – buys the city time while it awaits a Dec. 28 court decision on the validity of Measure O, the voter-approved ballot measure requiring the city to allow dispensaries in certain areas around town.
By putting a moratorium in place before Jan. 1 – the date recreational sales can start and when new state regulations and licenses kick in – San Bernardino keeps local control of cannabis activities while city leaders review potential regulations provided Wednesday by a citizens advisory committee.
The temporary ban, which expires Feb. 3, could be extended another 10 months and 15 days if the council sees fit.
“This is an historical moment for our city,” Councilman Benito Barrios said from the dais. “This is an opportunity to take the city in the right direction. It's such an important time to take responsibility. It's come down to this moment.”
Opponents of the ordinance noted the prevalence of illegal cannabis operations in town and expressed frustration with how the city has dragged its feet on addressing the now-imminent marijuana “tsunami.”
At least two speakers noted the recent pot busts here, saying the city could have realized significant tax dollars from the operations had it already had regulations in place.
Tens of thousands of marijuana plants were seized by San Bernardino police in raids on Dec. 13 and Dec. 19.
The owner of the locations, Stephanie Smith, of Pacific Palisades, noted in a statement that voters in California and San Bernardino voted to legalize, regulate and tax cannabis. But, since awarding a since-appealed dispensary permit to Flesh Showgirls strip club earlier this year, the city has not awarded any permits for any type of marijuana activity.
James Penman, the city's former attorney, represents a number of residents who are challenging the validity of Measure O in court. Penman, in favor of the temporary ban, explained To Wednesday that the passage of Measure O stripped the City Council of the authority to deny dispensary permits to those in zones permitted to operate marijuana businesses.
Approved by 55 percent of voters, the measure created a marijuana monopoly in town while tying city leaders' hands, Penman said.
Because the city itself is seeking a judge's determination on the validity of Measure O, Penman said he has asked the court to dismiss his lawsuit, which contended the property value of parcels zoned for marijuana activities under Measure O would go up at the expense of those not zoned for such activities.
After hearing from the public Wednesday, council members discussed scheduling a workshop in January to review the court's Measure O ruling and the recommended regulations provided by the citizens advisory committee.
The committee of mostly city commissioners met five times over the past two months and could be asked to continue meeting into the new year to broach other issues pertaining to marijuana uses.
More should be known on Dec. 28, city officials said, though a court ruling could be pushed back to early next year.
We've learned a lot about cancer, but far from enough. Doctors have gotten better at diagnosing the disease, but they still struggle to pick the right weapon for a patient to fight cancer's aggressive behavior. “Cancer is very complicated and very different from patient to patient,” says Michael Gerdes, cancer researcher at GE Global Research (GRC) in New York. “We really have not done an adequate job matching patients to therapies. We get some patients but we miss a lot.”
But new breakthroughs in molecular diagnostics are starting to change the picture. Gerdes and his GRC colleagues have developed a new method to look at 60 different tissue markers at a time to help get a better idea of the cancer's behavior. “With unprecedented views, we hope, will come unprecedented insights that tell us more about how cancer forms, how it progresses, and most importantly, how to defeat it,” Gerdes says.
True Colors: The picture above shows an image of early stage colon cancer using GE's cancer mapping technology. The technology can display dozens of disease markers in a single tissue sample.
Gerdes and his team start by cutting a translucent slice of tissue some 5 microns thick from a tumor. They stain the sample with organic fluorescent dyes that stick to antibodies, proteins, nucleic acids or other organic material associated with cells and cancer. They put the samples under the fluorescence microscope and snap digital pictures of the stains. Since they can also turn off the colors, they can run several rounds of testing on the same sample.
Other similar methods dissolve the tissue before it is analyzed, but the GRC team keeps the sample intact. This is crucial. “Sometimes a tumor can send out the same signal as a blood vessel,” Gerdes says. “If you grind the sample up, you don't know where it came from. With our approach we can actually see the cells that are giving us that signal.”
The signals allow the GRC team to create cancer maps. “We can define the boundaries of the cells, give each cell a unique identifier, look at proteins active in different functions of the cell, and monitors different metabolic activities,” Gerdes says.
The GRC researchers have now teamed up with Vanderbilt University to study colon tumors and a new kind of intestinal stem cell discovered by the Vanderbilt team. The cells express a protein that acts as a strong tumor suppressor, but there are different theories about how the cells work. Gerdes hopes to shed new light on the conundrum. “We can look at all the different markers that researchers are pursuing collectively at the same time,” he says. “After we look at the basic biology of what's happening in the stem cells, we can look at what happens to these cells during tumor formation.”
GRC and Vanderbilt received a $3.75 million grant from the Office of the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) for the project.
In the future, the GRC technology could help pharmaceutical companies design new cancer drugs, test their effectiveness, and help with patient selection. “I really believe that having additional pieces of the puzzle will help us provide a more accurate assessment of patients to determine their therapeutic course,” Gerdes says.
Adding new antennas and recently acquired wireless spectrum means clearer calls and faster data speeds
VANCOUVER, Dec. 15, 2015 /CNW/ - WIND Mobile is pleased to announce a number of measures now boosting WIND's network performance in the Greater Vancouver area, the first part of a cross-Canada network upgrade.
"WIND customers in the Greater Vancouver area are already noticing better performance as we upgrade every aspect of our network components," said Dean Price, Vice President & General Manager - Western Region, WIND Mobile. "We expect to have our Greater Vancouver coverage area completed by the end of January 2016."
"We're dedicated to doing what is necessary to improve our network in the West to handle the surge of new customers who have joined WIND Mobile", Dean Price said. The new equipment and additional spectrum capacity will deliver enhanced performance in all of our services: more capacity, faster data speed and improved call quality.
WIND Mobile is continuing to expand its capacity and enhance service experience for its customers in all service regions, as it further solidifies its position as Canada's true alternative wireless provider.
About WIND Mobile
WIND Mobile is Canada's alternative wireless carrier, dedicated to bringing affordable wireless service to Canadians by offering simple and fair unlimited plans with no overage charges and no hidden fees. Learn more about WIND Mobile at WINDmobile.ca or follow online at facebook.com/WINDmobile or twitter.com/WINDmobile.
SOURCE WIND Mobile
For further information: WIND Mobile, Veritas Communications, Robert Sauer, 416-640-4156, sauer@veritasinc.com
The number of published science papers that have been retracted due to misconduct or fraud has ballooned in the last decade. But as with any academic matter, the root cause is being endlessly debated. What if there was an easy way to spot scientific fraud before it gained wide distribution?
If even the best poker players have “tells” when they are bluffing, then surely there must be a way to catch scientists that fake their data. To this end, Jeff Hancock, a professor of communications at Stanford University, reckons that corner-cutting researchers will try to obscure the offending sections of their papers with particularly hard-to-understand language.
Along with graduate student David Markowitz, Hancock set about analyzing papers known to be fraudulent to reveal these “tells.” They developed an “obfuscation index,” scoring the language of a study based on its use of jargon, abstract phrases, positive-emotion terms, and the like.
After filtering the data, Hancock and Markowitz were left with 250 retracted papers once published in life-sciences journals between 1973 and 2013. They compared with unretracted papers on the same topics, in the same journals, published in the same years. The results were published in the Journal of Language and Social Psychology.
“Fraudulent papers had about 60 more jargon-like words per paper compared to unretracted papers,” Markowitz said. In fact, fraudulent papers scored higher on the obfuscation index even when compared with papers that were retracted for other reasons, such as plagiarism or inadvertent mistakes. The authors hope to hone the index and turn in to a software tool.
“Science fraud is of increasing concern in academia, and automatic tools for identifying fraud might be useful,” Hancock said. “But there is a very high error rate that would need to be improved.”
A little more than two weeks ago, the talks appeared dead. A federal mediator had intervened twice without success. The commissioner, David Stern , had tried threats and ultimatums before declaring negotiations over on Nov. 10.
Four days later, the players dissolved their union and filed a federal antitrust lawsuit. Mr. Stern promptly forecast a “nuclear winter” for the league, amid widespread predictions that the 2011-12 season would be canceled.
The deal was forged by the possibility of a cancellation, the feared loss of billions of dollars for the league and its players, and, perhaps, by the uncertainty created by the looming legal battle.
The new agreement calls for a 50-50 split of basketball-related revenues between the owners and the players, about $2 billion for each side in current terms. There is a possibility that the players can make as much as 51 percent or as little as 49 percent, depending on whether the league exceeds or falls short of projections. The players had been earning 57 percent.
The loss of 16 regular-season games and the preseason cost the owners and players an estimated $400 million each. The parties had already resolved the biggest issues, including the $300 million salary reduction, weeks ago, but were hung up on fairly minor details — mostly rules restricting the top-spending teams from adding players. With a 66-game schedule in reach, everyone finally resolved that those items were not worth sacrificing a season and alienating fans and sponsors. The normal N.B.A. regular season is 82 games.
“For myself, it's great to be a part of this particular moment, in terms of giving our fans what it is that they so badly wanted and want to see,” said Derek Fisher, the president of the players union.
Mr. Fisher did not smile as he said it, appearing more relieved than happy.
Billy Hunter , the longtime head of the players union, sat stoically next to him. No one on the players' side praised the agreement.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
League officials achieved their two broadest goals: reduced costs and a system that evens the playing field between the richest and poorest teams. The reduction in player salaries should offset the N.B.A.'s reported $300 million in annual losses, and provide a savings of about $3 billion over the 10-year agreement. Each side has an option to terminate the deal after six years. In addition to the significant pay cut for players, the deal includes shorter contracts, smaller raises and a more punitive tax system to rein in the top-spending teams.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I think it will largely prevent the high-spending teams from competing in the free-agency market in a way that they have been able to in the past,” Mr. Silver said, adding, “We feel ultimately it will give fans in every community hope that their team can compete for championships.”
The Knicks generated an estimated $226 million in revenue last season, while the Milwaukee Bucks earned $92 million, according to Forbes. The payroll gap is also striking, with the Mavericks spending nearly $90 million on their roster and the Sacramento Kings $45 million. The league is developing a new revenue-sharing plan to help boost the small-market teams.
The average N.B.A. salary is $5 million, with a minimum salary around $500,000 and with stars making $15 million or more. Kobe Bryant of the Los Angeles Lakers earns a league-high $25 million.
Training camps will open on Dec. 9. Unsigned players will be permitted to sign contracts that day, setting up a chaotic two-week dash toward the 2011-12 season. The three Christmas games are likely to be the ones that were already on the schedule: The Knicks will host the Boston Celtics to open the day, followed by an N.B.A. finals rematch, with the Miami Heat visiting the defending champion Dallas Mavericks. The Chicago Bulls will visit the Lakers in the finale.
The rest of the schedule will be reconstructed and released in the coming days. The season will begin eight weeks later than originally scheduled and will be extended into late April, pushing back the playoffs and the finals by a week. Teams will have to play, on average, about two more games a month and sometimes on three consecutive nights — which has not been done since the lockout-shortened 1999 season. That season, the shortest in the modern era, is often regarded with an asterisk, and was marked by sloppy play and out-of-shape players.
The 2011-12 season may need only a quarter-asterisk. Every team will play 48 in-conference games, just four fewer than normal. But teams will play only 18 out-of-conference games, meaning not every team will visit every city. So fans in Memphis , for example, might not see LeBron James this season. Conversely, a struggling team like Detroit might avoid facing the Mavericks. Concessionaires and businesses near arenas that depend on the N.B.A. will get a partial reprieve.
There is much work to be done before the basketballs hit the court, and before Bryant, Kevin Durant and Dirk Nowitzki can light up arenas again.
Negotiators must still settle a myriad of so-called B-list issues, including drug testing, the age limit and use of the Development League. The entire collective bargaining agreement must be formally written and ratified, but both Mr. Stern and Mr. Hunter expressed confidence that the deal would be approved.
The deal needs ratification by a simple majority of the 30 teams and a simple majority of the 430-plus players. Before that can happen, the parties must dispense with two pending lawsuits, and the players must reconstitute their union. It could be at least a week before the players are ready to vote.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It took negotiators 184 hours, across 25 bargaining sessions and 5 months, to end the second-longest labor crisis in league history. “We just thought that rather than try to pursue this in court, it was in both of our interests to try to reach a resolution,” Mr. Hunter said.
Here is something some Atlanta drivers may not believe: Their average commute, according to Waze, is just 34.1 minutes — and Atlanta drivers are some of the most satisfied, by city, in the world.
Waze, a navigational app, said it analyzed data from 50 million users, but did not break out specific numbers for Atlanta (which was apparently defined by its CSA designation, covering some 6 million-plus residents).
This reported average commute time of 34 minutes places Atlanta ahead of the other U.S. cities evaluated by Waze, including Los Angeles, New York and Washington, D.C., and international cities such as London and Rome.
In a second "score card" of Atlanta's driving experience — evaluating such things as traffic, driver services and road quality — Atlanta also ranked well in traffic, driver services and socioeconomics, but less well in road quality, commute and "Wazeyness" (an abstract category measuring "positive state of mind").
The overall satisfaction score from Atlanta drivers, according to Waze: 7.4 out of 10.
This new ranking follows other, less encouraging reports: A 2013 report by Urban Mobility found that Atlanta had the seventh slowest traffic in the nation; and a March report by the Metropolitan Policy Program at Brookings found that Atlanta drivers have one of the longest typical commutes in the country.
But TomTom, a GPS company providing similar navigational services Waze, issued in its own study in March and found similarly encouraging (if surprising) traffic results for Atlanta.
Imagine RYM with mobile apps, TV, and "scrobbling": Announcing our stretch goals!
30 November, 2015
Update: Since reaching our campaign goal, we have revised our stretch goals downward - we're already $7k closer to the first goal! Read the latest update for details.
In only the 6th day of our campaign, we hit the 50% mark. And we still have 30 days to go!
Conventional wisdom states that the majority of a campaign's funds are earned in the first and last couple of days. However, our campaign has been steadily earning around $2,300 per day since the initial spike and hasn't yet shown any signs of slowing down.
We feel that there's a great chance that we could now exceed our original target, so we wanted to finally announce our stretch goals!
Goal 1: $75,000 $68,000 - Rich API + Mobile Apps August 2016 (API), September 2016 (Mobile apps) Summary: An API is a way for people to write their own programs/sites that interact with Sonemic. Reaching our first stretch goal will allow us to build a much better API. Having a much better API will allow us to make mobile apps. We'll build both if we reach this stretch goal. New API endpoints: Updating your profile Writing/editing reviews Accessing data on albums/songs/films/games Obtaining statistics about your collections/ratings Creating custom charts Accessing notifications
Native Android & iOS applications
Faster and more responsive mobile experience
Rate, tag, catalog, review items
Online and offline access to your catalog, ratings, and reviews
Push notifications for new messages and notifications
Create custom charts and save them for offline access More details
Goal 2: $100,000 $90,000 - Television June 2016 (beta) / August 2016 (release) Summary: Our second stretch goal would allow us to build a TV site. We would focus on detailed data on series, seasons, and episodes. Support for rating, cataloging, and tagging shows, seasons, and individual episodes
Pages for series, seasons, and episodes, with credits and extensive metadata
Custom TV charts, with the ability to find the best episodes/seasons/series by year/decade, genre, language, popularity, and more!
Ability to filter and discover shows by availability on streaming services (e.g. Netflix, Hulu)
Reviews and commentary for both seasons and episodes More details
Goal 3: $125,000 $110,000 - Music, Film, Game, and TV logging (a.k.a "scrobbling") August 2016 Summary: Our third goal would allow us to add support for tracking when you listen to music/watch a film/series, or play a game. We'll call this "logging" rather than "scrobbling"; for example, you'll have a "Music log", a "Film log", etc.
Our approach will be different from existing implementations: your listening and other data will be more accurate/clean, but will require some intervention on your part. We will give you more freedom in manually entering data, and will display detailed statistics about your listening/viewing/gaming habits. We will seamlessly integrate listening data into the rest of the site, such as displaying your # of listens next to a review, in your catalog, etc.. We won't have a "loved/banned" system since we already have ratings. Support for automatically logging your listening data.
Support for importing previous listening data from other scrobbling sites.
Support for manual tracking of films, games, tv shows, songs, and albums.
Ability to manually curate your listening history going as far back in time as you like.
Detailed statistics on your tracked media
Integration with your catalog and reviews (show # of listens within your catalog, next to your reviews, etc)
Custom charts for "most listened", "most watched", etc.
Recommendations based on listening habits in addition to ratings
Additional APIs for accessing/exporting/querying tracked data. More details
Goal 1: $68,000 - Rich API + Mobile Apps
An API is the #1 most requested feature for RYM, and has been in the top two for years. With Sonemic, we are launching a beta API that contains endpoints for searching, as well as managing some aspects of your collections and lists. We felt that this was robust enough to be useful for many applications (such as importing data), but we simply don't yet have the resources to build a full API.
Reaching this stretch goal would allow us to hire additional developer resources so that we could build a richer API. A rich API would be great for 3rd-party developers, and it would finally enable us to implement another top-10 request: mobile applications.
Mobile apps have also been highly requested for years. We've always told users that we can't build mobile apps until we build an API. During the development of Sonemic, we've placed a large focus on ensuring the site works well on mobile phones and tablets, since usage with those devices often accounts for up to 40% of our traffic. However, native apps provide a better experience. They are faster, they can interface directly with the OS to provide things like push notifications, and native apps make it easier to cache and process data offline so that you can have a better experience during those times that you don't have internet access.
With this stretch goal reached, we will have a rich API that will allow us to build these apps. We will focus on the core experience of Sonemic/Cinemos/Glitchwave: That is: rating, reviewing, cataloging, tagging, researching music/film/games, making charts, creating/editing lists, and communicating with others.
What we won't initially focus on for the mobile apps is database moderation (such as fixing mistakes on album pages, submitting album art to an album page, etc). You would still need to use a desktop or the mobile site if you want to contribute to the media databases.
Goal 2: $90,000 - Television
Television, books, and games are the most commonly requested additions to RYM. We decided to make a game site first because it was the most anticipated, and because we thought it had the least amount of representation online - although there are some game databases online, there are none that match RYM's feature set.
We feel that TV is the second-best choice in this regard. There are already tons of book sites - and while we think that our own book site would be a great competitor in this space, we think that TV is the most natural choice to expand after games, especially given that we have a film site already.
Goal 3: $110,000 - Music, Film, Game, and TV tracking (a.k.a "scrobbling")
$110k is an ambitious goal, and we feel this last stretch goal is only possible to reach with significant outside support: that is, from people who are not already members of rateyourmusic.com. That means that it's essential to spread the word about the campaign if you'd like to see this implemented!
Overview
When discussing stretch goals, some people mentioned to us that it would be awesome if they could combine the cataloging/rating/reviewing functionality of RYM with the "scrobbling" functionality of sites like last.fm.
We discussed this internally, and after much discussion and testing, we feel confident that we could implement such features as part of this campaign if we had just a small amount of additional resources. Our implementation would be based on our own ideas about how such a feature should work, and would thus be fundamentally different from other implementations - and we think that's for the best, because if we offer a feature that's already available on other sites, we want to differentiate ourselves and make the best version that we possibly can.
Philosophy
The word "scrobble" vs "music/film/game/TV log"
We're not going to call it "scrobbling", as we want to make it clear that we are not associated with last.fm, and that we are creating our own implementation, our own terms, based on our philosophy. We would call your history of listens your "Music log", your history of watching films your "Film log", etc. And as a generic term for the feature, we'll call it what it actually is: logging.
Structured vs auto-generated music database
If our understanding is correct, Last.fm takes a "submit first, add to database automatically" approach to tracking your music listens. This works on their site because the music database is essentially automatically generated based on scrobble data.
Sonemic would take a different approach. When you submit logging data to us automatically, we would only match what we know is an actual song that exists in our database. Any plays that didn't match would be pending, and you would have to resolve them manually in order for the song to appear in your statistics (they would appear in your list of recently-listened songs, though). Resolving a song involves either pointing to a song that already exists in the database, or adding the song to the Sonemic database yourself. Once a play is resolved, all future plays will be properly filed.
This approach has the advantage of having a clean, correct log of your data that correctly references the music in question. If you log a song by "Nemesis" then Sonemic will know that you like "Nemesis", not "One of 20 different bands that are named Nemesis".
The downside is that you'll have to spend some time going through your pending items and finding the relevant songs or adding them to the database if you want a 100% complete record of your listening.
We feel that this approach is better suited for our database, and is an approach that many people would prefer.
Rules, "cheating", weighting, and manual editing of data
On last.fm, there seems to be a lot of discussion around users who are cheating, about the "30-second listen" rule, and other similar things. At Sonemic, we already have a comprehensive system for detecting abuse, called the weighting algorithm, and we would apply it to logging as well.
That means that on Sonemic, we would allow more manual entry and manipulation of your listening history. After all, it is your listening data. There's no reason not to allow you to tell others that a certain artist is your most listened-to, just because your logging software wasn't working. We would allow you to log listens manually, and log listens that precede the introduction of this feature (or any date in the past!). If you want to construct a history of your listening habits going back to the time you kept them in a paper journal, you're welcome to do that.
To combat manipulation, we would simply rely on our weighting algorithm. This gives users more freedom over what their listening data looks like without worrying about compromising aggregated statistics about such data.
"Loving" vs rating
Challenges
Sonemic already has a 5-star (half-star interval) rating system, which is more comprehensive than a "love/ban" system. If you love or hate something you're listening to, you can simply rate it. If you want to make a list of things you love, you can add songs to a playlist titled "Songs I love." We'll add a rating interface directly in your list of recently-listened songs.
In general, the largest challenge is going to be solving the dozens of minor edge cases that other logging sites have already dealt with and solved (things like strange tags being submitted, untitled songs, etc). This is a natural stage in software development; it will just take some time before the experience is as smooth as it is on other sites.
It should also be noted that it will be difficult for us to get certain third-party apps to add support for logging listens on Sonemic. We're thinking of Spotify on iOS in particular - for Android and Desktop apps, there are simple solutions that allow you to change the host you want to send data to, but in closed ecosystems it might be more difficult
Budgeting
After fees and perk fulfillment, 100% of the revenue for the first and second stretch goals will be dedicated to hiring more development and design help, whether it's in the form of contract work or employees.
$8,600 of the third stretch goal will go toward servers and cloud services, which will be used to provide a "scrobbling" API that is compatible with that used by post.audioscrobbler.com, allowing many existing plugins and apps to work with Sonemic. The remaining funds raised as part of the third stretch goal will go toward hiring more development and design help.
What if we don't fully reach a stretch goal?
If the final amount of funds raised is in-between two stretch goals, the funds will be spent as follows:
Between 50k-68k: We will focus exclusively on APIs first. If we still have resources leftover, we will begin developing mobile apps.
Between 68k-75k: We will place the additional funds into making better mobile apps.
Between 75k-90k: We will cut some of the features of the television site in order to fit available resources, and launch the more limited version. We'll add the rest of the features in a future update.
Between 90k-100k: We will spend this money on general improvement of the Sonemic network, as voted by users.
Between 100k-110k: We will first focus exclusively on the basic music-related goals: import of previous listening data, manual and automated tracking of listening data, and providing statistics on listening data. If we still have resources, we will allocate them towards tracking other media (film/TV/games) and detailed statistics. Any remaining resources will be spent on implementing as much of the rest of the stretch goal as possible.
Next update
This has been a long and comprehensive update - thanks for reading everything! Our next update later this week will focus on our two new Project Managers. Both are really excited about the new song-related features in Sonemic, and want to make sure they are as useful and interesting as possible. So songs will be the main focus of the next update!
Posted by Hossein Sharifi on November 30, 2015.
Discuss this post on Facebook, Twitter, or RYM.
Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) returned to Washington mid-recovery from brain surgery with an impassioned speech about bipartisanship and a striking declaration that he would not support the Senate's health care bill.
“I will not vote for this bill as it is today,” McCain said on the Senate floor, after voting to proceed “to allow debate to continue and amendments to be offered.” He castigated the bill's secretive process and called for the Senate to “return to regular order” in the Senate.
Six hours later, McCain voted for the Senate's health care bill.
Technically, he voted on a senate procedural matter — on whether or not the bill satisfied budget rules. And on Tuesday, McCain's aide pressed that he did not vote for the bill, but rather in favor of opening the amendment process.
Update: McCain spokeswoman says his vote for BCRA last night "was procedural" & he remains opposed to current bill pic.twitter.com/gu8D59Jlud — Russell Berman (@russellberman) July 26, 2017
But it was not lost on any senator on the floor Tuesday night that their vote was a yea or nay on the Better Care Reconciliation Act itself.
The legislation, which Republicans labored over for months using a secretive and confusing process, would have resulted in 22 million fewer Americans having health insurance. McCain was among the loudest voices against Senate leadership's closed process on health care. He told Vox he would have run the show “dramatically different.”
“We would be having debate on the floor we would be having amendments, we would be having discussion,” McCain said in June.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell went through many hoops to try to save it, but ultimately, on Tuesday night, it failed.
Senate procedure requires Republicans to start their floor debate with the American Health Care Act, the bill the House passed in May. McConnell can substitute another bill for a final vote. Senators can also offer unlimited amendments during the process. McConnell first offered the BCRA as the substitute.
But the bill was destined to fail on the floor. Because of Senate rules, the latest version of the bill — which included a provision from Sen. Ted Cruz to allow for plans noncompliant with Obamacare regulations, and another amendment from Sen. Rob Portman to add money to Medicaid — needed 60 votes to pass, and it was certainly not going to get eight Democrats on board, let alone 52 Republicans.
Even with McCain's vote, nine Republicans, free of party pressure, voted against the BCRA Tuesday night.
The Jerusalem Post today describes the killing of a man by two IDF soldiers after, the soldiers claim, he was acting erratically and tried to grab one of their guns. When he was fatally shot by the IDF, says the paper, he was “believed to be an Arab terrorist.” As it turns out, he was not an Arab Palestinian but rather an Israeli Jew. Upon learning this, the “terrorist” designation was officially and “immediately” rescinded:
Only after the man was neutralized was it made clear that he was a Jew from Jerusalem, police concluded. … ZAKA rescue and recovery chairman Yehuda Meshi Zahav, who was at the scene, said he also initially thought the suspect was an Arab terrorist. “When I arrived with the ZAKA team at the site of the supposed terrorist attack, it seemed to be a ‘standard' current terrorist attack, a stabbing attempt, and the terrorist was apprehended,” he said. “I wanted to cover the body in a black bag [reserved for terrorists]. After I was asked to take care of the body I saw that he was a Jew, and that it was mistaken to speak of a terrorist. I immediately notified the police and we switched to a white ZAKA body bag.”
This story was flagged by Remi Brulin, the NYU scholar whose work has been devoted to the “discourse of terrorism” and who has amply documented that the term is a meaningless concept that, from the start, has been used for propagandistic purposes. It's hard to imagine an incident that more compellingly proves the point than this: “I wanted to cover the body in a black bag [reserved for terrorists]. After I was asked to take care of the body I saw that he was a Jew, and that it was mistaken to speak of a terrorist. I immediately notified the police and we switched to a white ZAKA body bag.”
When they thought he was a Palestinian Arab, he was labelled a “terrorist,” and then as soon as they realized he was an Israeli Jew, the label was instantly withdrawn for that reason alone, even though the conduct was the same. That's the manipulative, malleable concept of “terrorism” in a nutshell. As Rudy Giuliani put it in 2007 when asked whether waterboarding was torture: “It depends on who does it.”
Caption: Israeli police officers and Zaka rescue and recovery volunteers remove bodies at the scene of a double bus bombing in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba, Tuesday Aug. 31, 2004.
Rose McGowan did not accept Ben Affleck's statement about Harvey Weinstein, calling it a "lie" in a dramatic Twitter exchange on Tuesday.
Affleck expressed anger and sadness about Weinstein, the studio head who gave him a start in “Good Will Hunting”. Affleck said accounts of Weinstein's mistreatment of women he read in The New Yorker made him "sick."
“I am saddened and angry that a man who I worked with used his position of power to intimidate, sexually harass and manipulate many women over decades," Affleck wrote. "The additional allegations of assault that I read this morning made me sick. This is completely unacceptable, and I find myself asking what I can do to make sure this doesn't happen to others."
RELATED: Report: Harvey Weinstein's wife Georgina Chapman leaving him amid sexual harassment allegations
McGowan, one of the actresses mentioned in a New York Times report which first publicly addressed decades of harassment by Weinstein, shot back a simple expletive to Affleck on Twitter.
Then McGowan addressed a Tweet to Affleck recalling an alleged conversation between the two stars which suggests Affleck knew about Weinstein's actions (The two worked on 1998's ﻿“Phantoms”﻿﻿ together and have not collaborated since).
"(Expletive)! I TOLD HIM TO STOP DOING THAT" you said that to my face. The press conf I was made to go to after assault. You lie," McGowan wrote.
She followed it up with: "You want to play, let's play."
USA TODAY has reached out to Affleck's representative for comment.
McGowan has tweeted about the Weinstein scandal and chastised her fellow actresses in a post Saturday for failing to stand up. "Ladies of Hollywood, your silence is deafening," she wrote.
﻿RELATED: 3 women accuse Harvey Weinstein of rape: report
On Monday, McGowan tweeted about designer Donna Karan's remarks defending Weinstein. She has campaigned on Twitter for the rest of The Weinstein Company board to resign. Weinstein was fired on Sunday from the company he co-founded.
The Photographic Journey of One Woman, Ready for the Fight of Her Life Against Breast Cancer
Her name, Pei Pei. Three months ago she was defined by the work that she has done saving lives, canine lives. She has poured her heart and soul into it. Today, she is fighting not to be defined by her cancer.
The cancer? Stage 2 breast cancer, she is 41. If you know anything about breast cancer, her cancer tested positive for estrogen, progesterone, and HER2 receptors (meaning it is an aggressive cancer).
And there is it, the definition of the cancer that rages inside of her, the one she refuses to be defined by, and yet for the time being, she is. It has taken her hair, an emotional piece of her history, if she has her way that is all the cancer will take. As she embarks on this journey, she has invited me to come along.
Cancer, it is a word too common. It is a feared demon, it is powerful and it is often victorious. Stare it in the face, make it scream for mercy. All you can do is fight and… NEVER EVER GIVE UP.
This is the photographic journey of one woman, ready for the fight of her life.
H/T Sarah Magon Wood Photography
The 2017 Golden Globe Awards will not feature nearly as many LGBTQ nominees as in January, but those who were nominated are up for the biggest prizes of the year. And more than a few movies and television shows featuring positive representation of the community are among the nominees.
With six nominations, the gay-themed coming of age drama “Moonlight” was narrowly edged out by the Hollywood love letter “La La Land,” which took home seven, as announced Monday morning by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association in Los Angeles.
Barry Jenkins's acclaimed drama about a black gay man in Miami at three stages of his life is seen as a strong contender against what the Guardian called “a hymn to old Hollywood.” “Moonlight's” haul included nominations for best picture, the best director, the best screenplay, the best original score, best supporting actor for Mahershala Ali and best supporting actress for Naomie Harris.
Out filmmaker and scribe Tom Ford won the nod for Best Director and Best Original Screenplay for “Nocturnal Animals.” In the last month he's been quoted as saying he didn't know homosexuality existed until he was 17 ,and told GQ that he thinks all men, gay, straight, bi or trans, should be penetrated at least once in their lives.
Sarah Paulson – who earlier this year said she did not want the label “lesbian” but was dating actress Holland Taylor, her latest in a string of girl-on-girl relationships — is nominated for “The People v O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story”
Bisexual actress Evan Rachel Wood is nominated for her role in HBO's “Westworld.”
Last year's Golden Globe nominations set a new record for LGBTQ performers and creative works, although only two awards went to members of the community: Sam Smith and Lady Gaga.
Amazon's “Transparent” is among the nominees again, with nods for best television drama and a nomination for Jeffrey Tambor. The hit series won big in 2015 but was among those passed over earlier this year.
Human Rights Campaign heaped praise on LGBTQ allies receiving honors, including Mandy Moore, who recently revealed that her mother and two brothers are LGBTQ. She was nominated for the hit TV show This Is Us.
Other allies include actors Bryan Cranston, Sarah Jessica Parker and Kerry Washington, who were also nominated.
Ryan Reynolds's performance as pansexual superhero Deadpool received a nod for Best Actor in a Comedy.
The BBC gay spy drama “London Spy” eaned a nomination for Charlotte Rampling.
Rachel Bloom, co-creator and star of “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” — which GLAAD praised for its LGBTQ cast, crew and efforts to tackle bisexual visibility — is once again nominated for Best Actress in a Comedy award, following this year's victory.
The 2016 host, Ricky Gervais, is not returning after controversial remarks he made about Caitlyn Jenner made headlines. This year, ABC's Jimmy Fallon will be master of ceremonies at the awards Jan. 8 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, to be broadcast live on NBC.
And even if she does not win for “Florence Foster Jenkins,” Meryl Streep, 67, is sure to go home with at least one award: the heralded actress is being honored for her outstanding contributions to the world of entertainment with the 2017 Cecil B. DeMille Award.
“Simply put, she is a trailblazer, having paved the way for women in television, film and stage,” HFPA president Lorenzo Soria said last week. “For shattering gender and age barriers, all with finesse and grace, the HFPA is humbled to bestow this honor upon her.”
The full list from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association is below:
Best Motion Picture – Drama:
“Hacksaw Ridge”
“Hell Or High Water”
“Lion”
“Manchester By The Sea”
“Moonlight”
Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
“20th Century Women”
“Deadpool”
“La La Land”
“Florence Foster Jenkins”
“Sing Street”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama:
Casey Affleck – “Manchester By The Sea”
Joel Edgerton – “Loving”
Andrew Garfield – “Hacksaw Ridge”
Viggo Mortensen – “Captain Fantastic”
Denzel Washington – “Fences”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama:
Amy Adams – “Arrival”
Jessica Chastain – “Miss Sloane”
Isabelle Huppert – “Elle”
Ruth Negga – “Loving”
Natalie Portman – “Jackie”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Colin Farrell – “The Lobster”
Ryan Gosling – “La La Land”
Hugh Grant – “Florence Foster Jenkins”
Jonah Hill – “War Dogs”
Ryan Reynolds – “Deadpool”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Annette Bening – “20th Century Women”
Lily Collins – “Rules Don't Apply”
Hailee Steinfeld – “The Edge of Seventeen”
Emma Stone – “La La Land”
Meryl Streep – “Florence Foster Jenkins”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Mahershala Ali – “Moonlight”
Jeff Bridges – “Hell or High Water”
Simon Helberg – “Florence Foster Jenkins”
Dev Patel – “Lion”
Aaron Taylor-Johnson – “Nocturnal Animals”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Viola Davis – “Fences”
Naomie Harris – “Moonlight”
Nicole Kidman – “Lion”
Octavia Spencer – “Hidden Figures”
Michelle Williams – “Manchester by the Sea”
Best Director – Motion Picture:
Damien Chazelle – “La La Land”
Tom Ford – “Nocturnal Animals”
Mel Gibson – “Hacksaw Ridge”
Barry Jenkins – “Moonlight”
Kenneth Lonergan – “Manchester by the Sea”
Best Original Screenplay:
“La La Land”
“Nocturnal Animals”
“Moonlight”
“Manchester By The Sea”
“Hell Or High Water”
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language:
“Divines” – France
“Elle” – France
“Neruda” – Chile
“The Salesman” – Iran/France
“Toni Erdmann” – Germany
Best Motion Picture – Animated:
“Kubo and the Two Strings”
“Moana”
“My Life As A Zucchini”
“Sing”
“Zootopia”
Best Original Song – Motion Picture:
“Cant Stop The Feeling” – “Trolls”
“City Of Stars” – La La Land
“Faith” – Sing
“Gold” – Gold
“How Far I'll Go” – Moana
Best Original Score – Motion Picture:
Nicholas Britell– “Moonlight”
Justin Hurwitz – “La La Land”
Johann Johannsson – “Arrival”
Dustin O'Halloran, Hauschka– “Lion
Hans Zimmer, Pharrel Williams, Benjamin Wallfisch – “Hidden Figures”
Best Television Series – Drama:
“The Crown”
“Game Of Thrones”
“Stranger Things”
“This Is Us”
“Westworld”
Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
“Atlanta”
“Black-ish”
“Mozart In The Jungle”
“Transparent”
“Veep”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Drama:
Rami Malek – “Mr. Robot”
Bob Odenkirk – “Better Call Saul”
Matthew Rhys – “The Americans”
Liev Schreiber – “Ray Donovan”
Billy Bob Thornton – “Goliath”
Best Performance by an Actress In A Television Series – Drama:
Caitriona Balfe – “Outlander”
Claire Foy – “The Crown”
Keri Russell – “The Americans”
Winona Ryder – “Stranger Things”
Evan Rachel Wood – “Westworld”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Anthony Anderson – “Black-ish”
Gael García Bernal – “Mozart in the Jungle
Donald Glover – “Atlanta”
Nick Nolte – “Graves”
Jeffrey Tambor – “Transparent”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Rachel Bloom – “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend”
Julia Louis-Dreyfus – “Veep”
Sarah Jessica Parker – “Divorce”
Issa Rae – “Insecure”
Gina Rodriguez – “Jane the Virgin”
Tracee Ellis-Ross – “Black-ish”
Best Limited Series:
“American Crime”
“The Dresser”
“The Night Manager”
“The Night Of”
“The People v O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Riz Ahmed – “The Night Of”
Bryan Cranston – “All The Way”
Tom Hiddleston – “The Night Manager”
John Turturro – “The Night Of”
Courtney B Vance – “The People v O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Olivia Colman – “The Night Manager”
Lena Headey – “Game Of Thrones”
Chrissy Metz – “This Is Us”
Mandy Moore – “This Is Us”
Thandie Newton – “Westworld”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Felicity Huffman – “American Crime”
Riley Keough – “The Girlfriend Experience”
Sarah Paulson – “The People v O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story”
Charlotte Rampling – “London Spy”
Kerry Washington – “Confirmation”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Sterling K Brown – “The People v O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story”
Hugh Laurie – “The Night Manager”
John Lithgow – “The Crown”
Christian Slater – “Mr. Robot”
John Travolta – “The People v O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story”
This Story Filed Under
Donald Trump criticized the news media Tuesday for turning a blind eye to Hillary Clinton's coughing attack.
"Mainstream media never covered Hillary's massive 'hacking' or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending," the Republican presidential nominee tweeted Tuesday. "What's up?"
Mainstream media never covered Hillary's massive “hacking”
or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What's up? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2016
On Monday at a campaign stop in Cleveland, the Democratic nominee had a bad coughing attack in which she said she was allergic to Trump.
"Every time I think about Trump, I get allergic," Clinton said to laughter and applause.
"Once I get over my allergic reaction, let me say that we're here in part because we know how important this election is to Ohio. It's not just as Tim [Kaine] said that Ohio is one of those battleground states you hear about every four years, it's that Ohio represents everything that's great about America and all of the challenges and opportunities that we face," she added.
Following her coughing fit, social media made it a top trend. #HackingHillary was trending on both Twitter and Facebook in the United States.
Let's talk about Event Listeners. Do you know what an Event Listener is?
Well, if you are used to working with Symfony, then you should know what is intended for. If you don't, don't hesitate to take a look at the Symfony documentation.
This post aims to start a small discussion about how an Event Listener should look like if we really want to keep things decoupled.
TL;DR
If we place our business logic inside the Event Listeners, we will not be able to use this logic from other points, for example sending a “Order created” email by hand from our Admin using a simple button.
What we could do is place ALL the logic inside a service that ONLY sends that email, exposing a simple and documented api.
Then, considering that this service is injectable using any Dependency Injection implementation, we can inject it into the Event Listener.
So, EventListeners are only a point of entry to your service layer
Using Event Listeners
To understand what I am talking about, let's use an small example to make things more clear…
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Scenario: You buy something in an e-commerce, so, internally, your Cart became an Order. Of course, and because user experience is important in that cases, you want to send an email to the user with some Order information, so you need to send an email to the Customer. Problem: You want to create this feature in a very decoupled way, of course. The e-commerce framework provides you that way, by proposing you an event once the Order is created. You can access the Order itself and the Customer. Solution: Create a new Event Listener object, subscribed to this event called order.oncreate, and sending that email.
Let's see a small example about how this Event Listener should look like. We will follow the simple way, only focusing about sending that email in a decoupled way with the action.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 class OrderEmailEventListener { /** * We send an email to the Customer once an order is created * * @param OrderOnCreatedEvent $event Event */ public function sendEmail ( OrderOnCreatedEvent $event ) { $order = $event -> getOrder (); $customer = $event -> getCustomer (); /** * Send the email */ } }
And we could use this configuration in our bundle.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 services : # # Event Listeners # project.event_listener.order_created_email : class : My\Bundle\EventListener\OrderCreatedEmailEventListener tags : - { name : kernel.event_listener , event : order.oncreate , method : sendEmail }
So this could be a simple implementation. I've been using it since the beginning of times as this could be considered a good practice. But, during this time doing more and more Event Listeners, some questions have come to my mind.
Decoupling from the Event
Let's consider that our project has an admin panel. Of course, we should be able to send this email any time we need (for example, our email server was down during the order conversion and we must re-send it). Is this possible with this implementation?
Yes. Let's do this considering that we have injected our EventListener and this one is accessible locally!
1 2 3 4 5 $event = new OrderCreatedEmailEventListener ( $order , $customer ); $orderCreatedEmailEventListener -> sendEmail ( $event );
Well, this piece of code will really send the email… but is this implementation enough right? I don't think so…
This Event should only be dispatched when the real event happens. It has no sense to create a new OrderEmailEventListener instance without using the event dispatcher. This means that, indeed, any Order has been created.
So first of all, creating a new Event out of turn, is not a good practice at all.
For solving this, We could do that.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 class OrderCreatedEmailEventListener { /** * We send an email to the Customer once an order is created * * @param OrderOnCreatedEvent $event Event */ public function sendEmail ( OrderOnCreatedEvent $event ) { $order = $event -> getOrder (); $customer = $event -> getCustomer (); $this -> sendOrderCreatedEmail ( $order , $customer ); } /** * We send an email to the Customer once an order is created, given the * order and the customer * * @param OrderInterface $order Order * @param CustomerInterface $customer Customer */ public function sendOrderCreatedEmail ( OrderInterface $order , CustomerInterface $customer ) { /** * Send the email */ } }
And then, we could do this
1 2 3 4 $orderCreatedEmailEventListener -> sendOrderCreatedEmail ( $order , $customer );
Much better, right? But is this good enough? No is not.
Decoupling from the Listener
We are using an instance of an Event Listener to send an email. Our analysis could be exactly the same as before… Should we use an Event Listener even when an event is not dispatched?
No we should not.
An Event Listener is an event listener. Listens one event, and that should be all its work. So, we should never inject any event listener, anywhere. Let's do some refactor here!
First of all, let's isolate our business logic in a new service. This service will only do one thing; sending this email.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 class OrderCreatedEmailSender { /** * We send an email to the Customer once an order is created, given the * order and the customer * * @param OrderInterface $order Order * @param CustomerInterface $customer Customer */ public function sendEmail ( OrderInterface $order , CustomerInterface $customer ) { /** * Send the email */ } }
This service has only one mission. Sending this email, no matter what event executes it, no matter its environment. So if we take a look at what the Event Listener implementation should look like now…
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 class OrderCreatedEmailEventListener { /** * @var OrderCreatedEmailSender * * Order created email sender */ private $orderCreatedEmailSender ; /** * Constructor * * @param OrderCreatedEmailSender $orderCreatedEmailSender */ public function __construct ( OrderCreatedEmailSender $orderCreatedEmailSender ) { $this -> orderCreatedEmailSender = $orderCreatedEmailSender ; } /** * We send an email to the Customer once an order is created * * @param OrderOnCreatedEvent $event Event */ public function sendEmail ( OrderOnCreatedEvent $event ) { $order = $event -> getOrder (); $customer = $event -> getCustomer (); $this -> orderCreatedEmailSender -> sendEmail ( $order , $customer ); } }
Finally, we should refactor as well the way we have defined our service in the DependencyInjection config file.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 services : # # Business layer # project.business.order_created_email_sender : class : My\Bundle\Business\OrderCreatedEmailSender # # Event Listeners # project.event_listener.order_created_email : class : My\Bundle\EventListener\OrderCreatedEmailEventListener arguments : - @ project.business.order_created_email_sender tags : - { name : kernel.event_listener , event : order.oncreate , method : sendEmail }
And that's all. This example is so easy and simple, but I am sure that if you take a look at your project, you will find a lot of logic inside your Event Listeners. Maybe could be a good idea start moving all this logic out of the box, treating these listeners as real entry points, like we do with our Commands, Controllers or Twig extensions.
A day after the Grenfell Tower fire in West London, a Sky News camera crew is talking to writer, film-maker and local resident Ishmahil Blagrove as he delivers a polished exposition on the failings of the media as playing a part in the disaster.
“This is not just a story – this situation has been brewing for years ... You the media, you are the mouthpiece of this government and you make it possible.” Later Blagrove describes the mainstream media as “a bunch of motherfuckers” to a small crowd surrounding him who break into polite applause. Channel 4's Jon Snow faced an angry group outside Grenfell the same day, asking him where the press was when the fire safety concerns were first raised.
Among the many elements of failure which lead to the unacceptable and avoidable, the failure of accountability reporting on local communities is obvious to anyone who cares to scour the archives. The Grenfell Action Group blog carefully documented their repeated complaints to the council. Other reporting is scarce, and where it exists, hard to find.
Grenfell Action Group blogposts form the most reliable archive of concerns about the area's social housing, and yet they were unable to make the council act on their behalf. Even in the aftermath of what the group describes as “social murder”, it continues to publish posts on other housing tenants and issues in the area. Inside Housing, the trade publication, has been full of good reporting on safety issues but it has a different constituency and no leverage over local officials.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jon Snow was confronted by local residents while reporting on the Grenfell Tower fire. Photograph: Dinendra Haria/Rex/Shutterstock
The causes of the failure of local journalism are well known: commercialism, consolidation, the internet, poor management. The fixes for that, though, cannot be found in an environment which is commercially hostile to small scale accountability journalism, and for that we are all to blame.
The decline of in-depth reporting about London's richest borough is a microcosm of what has happened to local journalism in the UK and beyond – the pattern is the same from Kensington to Kentucky.
A few minutes on Google will give you a snapshot of how local media has become a hollowed-out, commercial shell for an important civic function. In 2010 the Fulham and Hammersmith Chronicle launched a Proper Papers Not Propaganda campaign against H&F News, the Hammersmith and Fulham freesheet published by the local council at a cost of £175,000 of taxpayers' money. Councils using advances in printing technology to cheaply produce professional-looking papers was the second part of a pincer movement on the local press, the first being the loss of advertising to Google's search advertising.
In 2014, Trinity Mirror closed seven local papers and consolidated three West London titles, including the Fulham and Hammersmith Chronicle, and relaunched one Gazette to cover the territory of three defunct papers.
In truth the detailed coverage of local stories was already difficult for news organisations to maintain, and in some cases the idea of high-quality local reporting had always been a myth. But the evisceration of any sustainable professional journalism at the local level creates both an accountability vacuum and a distance between media and the communities it reports on.
The stories worth covering that nobody reads are the fabric of the public record
As well as council-owned outlets, a plethora of glossy lifestyle and housing media mop up the advertising revenue not ingested by Facebook or Google. The local publication Kensington, Chelsea & Westminster Today – listed as the only free newspaper in the borough – has no local reporting at all.
The “news” site contains no information about its ownership or staff. However, in company filings its editor is listed as Kate Hawthorne, who is also the director of public relations company Hatricks.
The revolution in ground-level local media has never taken off in the way it was meant to. The local blogs run by tenants, activists and other citizens, find themselves isolated and crowded out in clogged social streams, short on attention, funding and traction. Often they rely on the tenacity and unpaid labour of their founders for survival.
As scale has become the sine qua non, choosing between the world and the local street has become the bargain for editors. The Guardian closed its own local city reporting experiment in 2011. The Daily Mail and General Trust sold its local newspapers to expand its global news and entertainment website. New players like Huffington Post and BuzzFeed are globalists not localists. The New York Times is putting more reporters into Europe than onto the local beat. The Washington Post was freed from a local remit and has soared since.
Senior editors are much more likely to be spending time in a departure lounge than a council chamber. Many have never held a reporting job that required them to sit in local courts or civic meetings.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A letter from the Grenfell Action Group in August 2014 expressing concerns that the building is a firetrap. Photograph: Mark Thomas/Mark Thomas/REX/Shutterstock
Covering local housing meetings is an unglamorous beat for any journalist; hardly anyone reads your work, almost nobody cares what happens in the meetings, and the pay is extremely low. Yet it is hard to argue there are more civically important jobs for journalism than reporting the daily machinations of local power.
Local reporting serves another function which is seldom discussed. Local journalism should be a pipeline which takes young people from very different backgrounds into the profession of reporting; it ought to provide an access point for people to get to know and understand the importance of accountability coverage by participating in it.
The shallow wisdom of digital editors is often that when nobody reads your story, you are doing it wrong. But the stories worth covering that nobody reads are the fabric of the public record.
The immediate reach of a single story is only half the story. The record of what happens for instance at Kensington and Chelsea committee meetings is for the most part available in PDFs on the council's website. There is no corresponding public record kept by independent reporters and without the Grenfell Action Group we would know almost nothing of the warning signs that were repeatedly pushed in front of the council.
The rise of vast advertising platforms has sucked money from the market, and the efficiencies have been good for business and bad for journalism. National and international media, who were numerous on the ground after the Grenfell fire, have conspired in creating an attention economy which leaves no room for the unread story.
Coverage of the “quality” of a media outlet often starts with a “how many….” metric about views and shares. There is decreasing correlation between high numbers and quality journalism; when it is set in a social environment, where gimmicks and outrage cause social “sharing”, the opposite is often true.
John Ness, who has been editor-in-chief of two US-based ventures to make hyperlocal journalism work on the web, Patch and DNAInfo, sees the difficulty of establishing and maintaining independent journalism at local level as feeding into issues of trust and transparency which blight all media.
“I think people increasingly understand that our news ecosystem is broken, to the point where we can't agree with our neighbours about what news events actually happened the day before. And I think people increasingly understand that the base of that ecosystem, local news, has to be fixed if we're going to get back to a place where we share the same reality with our neighbours.,” he says.
There is decreasing correlation between high numbers and quality journalism
Ness thinks the route to sustainability resides primarily with people paying more for local media. In the US, communities with high-density populations and engaged citizens have had some success at creating not-for-profit local outlets, like the investigative outlet The Lens in New Orleans, and the veteran Voice of San Diego, or the much larger Texas Tribune in Austin. These remain the exceptions rather than the rule.
The BBC is increasingly the best hope of a route to building sustainable local reporting, but the costs of broadcasting are even less compatible with the scale issues of local stories, and the political penalties for rooting out corruption at council level mitigate the appetite for the mission.
As national and global news outlets in all their many forms continue to flood into the Grenfell story, they will I am sure, unearth and report on the root causes. But the stories which expose the causes of the fire, however they emerge, will not make up for the lack of the stories that might have stopped it in the first place.
The bitter irony of course is that a story read by a thousand people might have had more impact than one seen by 10 million. It is with deep regret and shame that we will never know if that could have been the case. Like Blagrove says, it is not just a story, it has been coming for a long time.
“Nazi apologetics” whined a critic (HDR Letters to the Editor, March 29), putting a noxious label on the self-evident truths in “Immigration has its costs,” my letter of March 26. In my letter, I argued that non-discriminatory immigration is changing Europe's demographics to dangerous effect, is rapidly making the white population a minority in the United States, and that this will prove a disaster for that group. I used numbers from the U.S. Census Bureau's March report, “Projections of the Size and Composition of the U.S. Population: 2014 to 2060.”
The Census Bureau projects the United States will be 43.5 percent white in 2060; among children, 35 percent white. To grasp the speed of this transformation, in 1960 the U.S. was 88.6 percent white, 10.5 percent black, .9 percent other. Looking in more detail at the Census projections: By 2060 whites are expected to decline in absolute terms by 8.2 percent and 23.4 percent for children. Hispanics and Asians will increase 114.8 percent and 129.1 respectively. Blacks will increase 42 percent.
A healthy society would subject such radical, rapid change–entirely due to public policy–to intense debate. That is impossible in America. There are two permissible responses: silence or celebration. Skeptics of these trends invite slurs and vilification.
Let's assume it was possible to debate the demographic revolution defined by the 2060 population projections. Here is a proposition that would be posed, scrutinized and accepted: The multi-cultural model embraced by Europe and by the United States these past 50 years is skewed. It is asymmetrical. It favors the group interests of minorities against the group interests of the white majority, the founding group. Western multi-culturalism encourages minorities to organize to pursue group interests. Typical examples: Congressional Black Caucus, Congressional Hispanic Caucus, Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, among myriad ethnocentric minority organizations. Meanwhile, the American establishment–political, media, academic, business, religious–suppresses any expression of the group interests of the majority.
It is a glaring double standard that has a profound negative impact on the majority. Is there any doubt immigration policies rapidly dispossessing the white populations in their historic territories in Europe and North America could be aggressively pursued for decades if the majority group had a voice, had the semblance of a defense?
What is the solution? A truly democratic multi-culturalism that recognizes that every racial/ethnic group, including the majority, has legitimate group interests.
Original Article
Share This
Whether you live in a city or you're just visiting, catching a ride on public transportation can quickly become part of your daily routine – and for good reason. Transit systems such as subways and trains are a convenient and cost-effective way to travel, plus they reduce our carbon footprint. But before you grab the pole or steady yourself with the strap, ask yourself one question: How many germs are traveling on the subway or train with you?
We sent a team to gather bacteria samples from the handles on public transit systems in five major cities: New York City, Washington, D.C., Chicago, Boston, and San Francisco. Overall, surprisingly few germs lurked on these surfaces, with one major exception: the subway in New York City. Read on for the full results of our study, advice on avoiding germs on public transit, and more.
To determine how many germs are riding each city's transit system, we tested samples to check bacteria levels based on colony-forming units (CFU), which refers to the number of viable bacteria cells. The New York City subway samples revealed a shocking average of 2 million CFU per square inch. On the other end of the spectrum was the subway in Boston, with a sample that turned up a scant average of about 10 CFU per square inch.
Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) in San Francisco was the second germiest, with 483 CFU per square inch; the Chicago “L” train was third with 180; and the Washington, D.C. Metro turned up only 30.
The average for every city's transit system was about 400,000 CFU per square inch, though excluding the bacteria-ridden New York subway dropped the average to 176 CFU. What's the reason behind the New York City subway's staggering bacteria numbers? Though every public transit system we examined serves millions of travelers per year, the NYC subway transports more than three times as many travelers as the other four transit systems combined. But before you swear off the subway, keep in mind one thing: Not all bacteria are bad. Several types are harmless or even beneficial.
Next, we dug deeper to break down the bacteria we found by type: Bacillus, yeast, and various gram-positive and gram-negative strains. The subway in New York contained an even split of gram-negative rods (which can cause respiratory and other infections) and yeast (types of which commonly live on skin and rarely cause infection).
The “L” train in Chicago was home to the most varied bacteria types, the brunt of which were yeast. BART in San Francisco and the Metro in Washington, D.C. both predominantly hosted gram-positive cocci, which are a common cause of skin infections. The Metro was also the only location that yielded type II gram-positive cocci, and only BART and the L-train contained Bacillus (which can cause a range of infections, including respiratory illnesses). Our samples from the Boston subway, home to the fewest bacteria, didn't reveal any specific types.
Florida and football coach Jim McElwain are parting ways after a 3-4 start to the season, multiple player suspensions and conflicting reports of death threats to his family. (0:59)
On Oct. 23, five days before Florida's annual rivalry game with Georgia, Gators coach Jim McElwain addressed media members during what was supposed to be a routine Monday press conference.
He began by praising the Bulldogs, addressing injuries and offering his continued support for starting quarterback Feleipe Franks. What he said next took Florida officials completely by surprise. In response to a question about his team's perseverance during a disappointing 3-3 season, he said players had received threats and members of his family had received death threats.
"There's a lot of hate in this world, and a lot of anger," McElwain said. "And yet it's freedom to show it. The hard part is obviously when the threats [are] against your own players, the death threats to your families, the ill will that's brought upon out there."
Florida officials were caught off-guard by the remarks, and after meeting with McElwain following Monday's practice, the university released a statement that raised eyebrows for how it appeared to distance the university from its coach's remarks: "The University Athletic Association takes the safety of our student-athletes, coaches, staff and families very seriously. Our administration met with Coach McElwain this afternoon, and he offered no additional details."
The episode was the latest source of tension between McElwain and the administration that multiple sources told ESPN had been brewing since early in his tenure at Florida. Over the course of the past week, ESPN spoke with multiple sources within the Florida administration, as well as those close to McElwain. They offered details about the sequence of events that led to the third-year head coach and Florida parting ways on Oct. 29, in what UF athletic director Scott Stricklin described as a "mutually agreed-upon decision." According to these sources, who agreed to speak on the condition of anonymity, what appeared to be a swift resolution to a bizarre week in Gainesville was the culmination of longstanding disputes and disagreements.
Prior to the start of the Georgia game, ESPN reported that Florida officials had begun discussing whether they could fire McElwain for cause as a result of his remarks. Stricklin released a statement addressing reports concerning McElwain's job status, saying the school had not had any conversations with McElwain or his representatives regarding a buyout of his contract.
Jim McElwain's Florida tenure ended unceremoniously following a 42-7 loss to Georgia and a dispute over comments he made regarding threats against his family and players. Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
Twenty-four hours later, after a 42-7 loss to the Bulldogs, that changed, as the two sides began discussing a mutual separation. The university and McElwain agreed to part ways after school officials asked him to accept less than his $12.76 million buyout and step down as Gators coach. Final terms of the buyout are still being negotiated.
"It was never the right fit," a Florida source said of McElwain's head coaching tenure in Gainesville. "It was an odd fit from the beginning. He never embraced being here and being part of a team."
When UF officials initiated negotiations that Sunday, they advised McElwain's agent, Jimmy Sexton, that they intended to fire McElwain with cause and believed they did not owe him any part of his buyout because McElwain failed to alert university officials about the alleged threats against players and coaches.
McElwain's wife was allegedly the recipient of a threatening message on Facebook, and McElwain himself also allegedly received threatening messages but did not provide evidence of them to Florida officials. At least one player allegedly received vulgar and racist messages that resulted in the player's mother contacting Florida coaches. When pressed by Florida officials to elaborate or provide additional details, McElwain declined. He has told people close to him that he regrets talking about the threats publicly and that he did not want to drag family members, players or staffers into further controversy.
Several days after first making the comments, McElwain met with University of Florida police, according to sources both at Florida and close to McElwain. He informed them that he was fine and did not wish to take further action.
Following the loss to Georgia, McElwain was asked about his comments and said, "When you look back, I've made mistakes in my life. And yet I stand by everything that occurred. It is what it is."
Stricklin addressed the media the following day to explain the decision to part ways with McElwain.
"I appreciate Coach McElwain," Stricklin said, "the way he has handled this. We had constructive conversations. I like Coach Mac. I think he is a good man. I want to thank him for his time and his effort serving as our football coach.
"This is more than just wins and losses. I'll leave it at that."
McElwain ended his tenure as the Gators coach with a 22-12 record and back-to-back SEC East championships. Defensive coordinator Randy Shannon was named interim coach.
"It was never the right fit. It was an odd fit from the beginning." University of Florida source
When McElwain arrived at Florida after three seasons at Colorado State, he expressed displeasure with the state of the Gators' football facilities, which had fallen behind those of other SEC programs such as Alabama, Georgia and Texas A&M. Florida did not have an indoor practice facility for football until its $17-million facility opened in 2015.
"One of the biggest problems at Florida is that [former head coach] [Steve] Spurrier never asked for anything," a source said. "He told [former athletic director] [Jeremy] Foley he'd just go beat everybody with less."
McElwain had pushed the administration for a standalone football facility, just as former Gators coaches Urban Meyer and Will Muschamp had done before him. While these comments irked Foley, sources close to McElwain say he was trying to modernize the program in the image of Alabama, where he had been an offensive coordinator under Nick Saban. The school finally announced a $100-million master facility plan in February, which would also include upgrades to the baseball and softball stadiums.
The new 130,000-square-foot football building, which would cost an estimated $60 million, would have all the bells and whistles that other SEC programs enjoyed. It was scheduled to open in June 2019. However, Florida ran into issues locating an area in which to build the facility because there isn't much vacant land around Ben Hill Griffin Stadium and the other athletics facilities. A decision was reached to delay construction of the new football facility by a couple of years.
McElwain had butted heads with Foley in his first season at Florida in 2015, and he hoped to start anew in working with Stricklin, who was hired from Mississippi State in September 2016. After Florida's 30-3 win over Iowa in last season's Outback Bowl, McElwain was asked what the bowl win meant for the direction of the program. While he mentioned the consecutive SEC East titles and new facilities, his remarks were not well received by people inside the athletic department.
"We'll look for the commitment that we get from the administration moving forward, see where that's at," McElwain said.
At the time, McElwain had recently agreed to a contract extension and a raise with Stricklin, who had been on the job for only two months. Stricklin felt betrayed by McElwain's comments.
"He was the kind of guy who would pull you close and then rabbit punch you," a UF source said. "He never let you in and tried to keep you off balance."
Despite discontent from fans and administrators, Jim McElwain did win back-to-back SEC East championships in his two full seasons at Florida. John Raoux/AP Photo
Stricklin believed McElwain had earned a contract extension because he'd guided the Gators to back-to-back SEC East championships, but the administration still had serious concerns about the direction of Florida's offense and strength and conditioning program.
UF administrators had urged McElwain to turn over the staff in the Gators' weight room because they believed workouts were unorganized and players weren't being adequately developed under Mike Kent, the director of strength and conditioning, who had followed McElwain to Florida from Colorado State.
They also wanted McElwain to consider replacing offensive coordinator Doug Nussmeier, who eventually received a contract extension this summer. Nussmeier is one of his closest friends and succeeded McElwain as Alabama's offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach in 2012 and spent two seasons there before leaving for Michigan in 2014.
McElwain hired Nussmeier three weeks after he landed the Florida job, and their partnership has been unsuccessful. The Gators ranked 111th in total offense in the FBS in 2015, 116th in '16 and 112th this season. The Gators have struggled mightily at quarterback since McElwain's arrival. Current West Virginia starter Will Grier, who is tied for fourth nationally with 3,068 passing yards and second with 30 touchdowns, was arguably McElwain's most talented quarterback at Florida, but he transferred after he was hit with a year-long suspension for testing positive for a banned substance. He went 5-0 as Florida's starter, throwing for 1,204 yards with 10 touchdowns and three interceptions.
The inability to develop Franks, a redshirt freshman, has been a major disappointment. ESPN's No. 65 recruit in the Class of 2016 has struggled all season and has an SEC-low QBR of 48.7, throwing for just 928 yards with five touchdowns and four interceptions in eight games.
With the Gators trailing 21-0 at the half in their eventual loss to Georgia, Spurrier walked through the press box and asked a handful of reporters, "What happened to the forward pass?"
Spurrier also lamented Florida's offensive woes during an interview with The State (South Carolina) newspaper last week.
"The offense has been so bad, everybody knows it," Spurrier said.
Spurrier, who works as an ambassador and consultant at Florida, offered UF coaches plenty of advice this season. On the morning after Florida's season-opening 33-17 loss to Michigan, Spurrier walked into a meeting with Nussmeier and the other offensive assistants. He sat down and said, "I have some ideas on how you can throw the ball."
Spurrier told The State he tried to help as much as he could.
"Oh, yeah, I did that every week or so," Spurrier said, "just with Nussmeier and his staff, and they look at it. He's put some of them in. He's put a few in. I'll walk through there and give them a play every now [and] then, one or two plays, say, 'What'd you think about this? This was good for us.' Sometimes they actually use them, and sometimes it's foreign to them. Our offense was so much different from what they do here."
Those close to McElwain insist the coach was not bothered by Spurrier's presence. But having Foley, his influential and opinionated former boss whom he clashed with at times, still involved as emeritus athletic director was challenging. Multiple sources told ESPN that even though Foley was no longer the AD, it was clear he was still involved in athletic department matters.
Despite the offensive struggles and the internal and external distractions, McElwain still became the first SEC coach to make it to the SEC championship game in each of his first two seasons. He won more games (19) in 2015 and 2016 than any SEC coach not named Nick Saban and tied Spurrier for the second-most victories by a Florida coach in his first two seasons. He was also outscored 58-15 in two games against Florida State and 83-31 in his two SEC title game matchups against Alabama, fueling fan discontent.
McElwain felt underappreciated and bristled at Florida fans' frustrations about the team's offense.
"I mean, it's obviously one of those things that you have to constantly evaluate and get better at," McElwain said heading into the 2016 SEC title game. "I was also brought in here to get to Atlanta. How many years have I been here? OK."
Stricklin even came to McElwain's defense when he sat down with ESPN this spring.
"We're a Presbyterian game being canceled away from [McElwain] having back-to-back 10-win seasons in his first two years," Stricklin told ESPN. "I don't think he gets credit for that. ... There's a lack of appreciation for what he's done."
In the end, though, frustration boiled over -- a culmination of issues over facilities, on-field performance and, ultimately, McElwain's recent comments about alleged death threats -- and Florida is looking for a new football coach, its fifth since Spurrier retired in 2001.
"There were a lot of issues, and last week was kind of the tipping point of, 'This was not going to work,'" a UF source said.
ESPN's Chris Low contributed to this report.
I received the following statement from the undersigned former board members of the Free Gaza movement:
As former board members of the Free Gaza movement (our terms ended in August, as outlined in a 22 September statement released by Free Gaza, though this was not immediately reflected in parts of the Free Gaza website), we are disappointed and frustrated by the message and video posted on the Free Gaza Twitter account entitled: “Zionists Ran the Holocaust and the Concentration Camps” and by the subsequent messaging posted by Greta Berlin on behalf of the new board of Free Gaza II. Although the tweet was deleted and Free Gaza II clarified that the posting was a mistake and pertinent context overlooked, we believe that the responses posted by Greta on behalf of Free Gaza II have been inadequate. Consultations and efforts made by some of the former members of the board with the current board members were either rejected or set aside, which has added to our disappointment. We had hoped that Greta would provide evidence of the context in which she says she posted the video, but her failure to do so has led us to now publicly voice our deep concern.
We unequivocally reject and distance ourselves from the tweeted video. Such anti-Semitism was never tolerated by Free Gaza or any of the people or groups with which we have worked. We condemn all forms of racism and prejudice, including anti-Semitism.
We continue to support initiatives to end Israel's illegal blockade on the Gaza Strip and its occupation and colonial apartheid practices in Palestine as a whole. It is imperative to be vigilant against racism in all its forms. It is also vital to work for the freedom of all people, and in our efforts to support Palestinians, it is the universal struggle for freedom that has motivated, sustained and guided the efforts of Free Gaza.
On this Thursday, Sept. 17, 2015 file photo, a drone is used to record a military parade by Saudi security forces in preparation for the annual Hajj pilgrimage in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
Various technological advances are about to make hundred-drone swarms a reality, and a nightmare for today's top-of-the-line weapons.
Even as the world is experiencing a proliferation of smart, small, and inexpensive products in a widening range of fields, the Department of Defense continues to pursue a buying strategy of fewer but more exquisite systems. Our budget debate needs to shift. Rather than simply arguing about more money for legacy systems, we need to think through how we will gradually phase them out over the next decades while using the savings to shift to a new approach to war.
Today, the vast majority of U.S. procurement spending goes toward very mature weapons: F-35s, LRS-Bs, aircraft carriers, and systems that support them. These technologies came to the fore in the 1930s and ‘40s. Unfortunately, even massive investment in mature technologies brings only minor increases in capability. One oft-expressed rule of thumb is that the last 5 percent of capability adds 50 percent to the cost of a weapon.
This is of particular concern because of the rapid advances in robotics and artificial intelligence, additive manufacturing and nanoexplosives, composite materials and energy-reflecting coatings, and improved energy densities in gel fuels. Taken together, these technologies mean that long-range, autonomous, stealthy, precision weapons will soon be cheap and ubiquitous. These new systems will challenge the dominance of the last century's weapons and change warfare dramatically at the operational and tactical levels.
Already, commercial firms are creating drones that use a variety of sensors to autonomously execute tasks ranging from agricultural spraying to ocean surveillance to air freight. With minor modifications, these drones can become improvised explosive devices (IEDs) that actively hunt U.S. forces. Because the systems are commercial, they are available to almost anyone.
Even small numbers of intelligent, mobile IEDs would be a major problem for U.S. forces — yet tech trends indicate we could face tens of thousands of such drones on the battlefield.
The presence of numerous inexpensive, autonomous air and sea drones will soon be an inescapable part of the battlefield.
We're several years past the ability to 3D-print a drone in a single day; researchers are now refining prototype systems that can print 25 to 100 times faster than that. A single small facility with only 10 such printers will soon be able to produce 1,000 drones a day. These will be autonomous weapons that can attack with precision to destroy vehicles, parked aircraft, fuel, and ammunition stores.
Nor are drones limited to the air. The U.S. Navy is investing in underwater “gliding” drones that are projected to operate for five years without refueling. Current commercial versions sell for about $100,000 but costs are falling very rapidly. These underwater drones could be developed into self-deploying mines or torpedoes. In short, the presence of numerous inexpensive, autonomous air and sea drones will soon be an inescapable part of the battlefield.
In contrast, the United States is focusing on producing a very few exquisite systems. When fully operational, the F-35 will bring a leap in capability. However, a creative enemy might choose not to fight the F-35 in the air but instead send cheap drones to hunt them at their air bases. These relatively inexpensive drones will rely on sheer numbers. If an enemy prints 1,000 a day, he doesn't care if 500 suffer in-flight failures. Nor does he care you shoot down another 300 near your airfield. He still has 200 hunting a couple of dozen F-35 revetments. If those are not available, the drones can autonomously switch their aim points to radar antennae, fuel points, or ammunition sites.
Our focus on improving the weapons of the past is leading us astray.
The United States cannot overcome swarms of autonomous weapons by increasing our production of old weapons. A parallel might be drawn with the U.S. Navy's pre-World War II focus on battleships, which produced behemoths that were far more capable (and expensive) than their World War I predecessors yet proved largely helpless against the revolutionary new technologies of naval aviation.
Today, our own focus on improving the weapons of the past is leading us astray. As our weapons become ever more exquisite, we can afford fewer and fewer. Bomber proponents say we need 100 to 200 LRS-Bs, but a realistic appraisal of the last 40 years of U.S. aircraft development and production indicates we will purchase many fewer – perhaps as few as the 21 B-2s. Meanwhile, commercial firms are creating drones that can deliver precision fires at ranges over 1,000 miles.
Like previous technological revolutions, this one will roll out over the next decade or two. There is still time to change direction to meet it — just as the prewar Navy ultimately began to invest heavily in aviation, and won, instead of lost, the coming war.
Joe is being nice in his post below. See, even when discussing what a frightful, awful, nasty mess Hillary has become, how she's even willing to race-bait Obama a la willy Horton, Joe is still too nice to use the M-word. Lots of Democrats are too nice too. Obama is too nice. His staff is too nice. His surrogates are too nice – note that Claire McCaskill didn't detail even one Clinton scandal (but you'd better believe the Clintons will flay her alive, nonetheless). Hell, even the blogs supporting Obama, and Netroots groups like MoveOn, are too nice. None of these people want to mention Monica Lewinsky even when they're talking about the kind of nasty issues that Republicans will throw at Hillary in the fall. That reticence, that decency that comes naturally and innately to non-Clinton Democrats is what Joe is talking about.
Hillary hasn't had to defend herself in years against all the Monica Lewinsky crap, against rumors about her husband, rumors about herself (see, even I'm being nice and hedging here by not giving you details about the rumors – but you can bet they're gonna go public in the fall), about Whitewater, Travelgate, Filesgate, cattle futures, and on and on. When Hillary is pulling racist crap on Obama, trashing black churches, comparing him to Jesse Jackson, she likes to talk about how she's really doing it to help him and help the party – you see, she's preparing him for what's coming in the fall. She's “fully vetting” him. But who is fully vetting Hillary? The last time she came under the full onslaught of the right-wing conspiracy it destroyed her likability in the public eye, and made her one of the most hated Democrats in America. And she's still paying a price today with horrendous disapproval ratings that she's been carrying for a decade.
If Hillary manages to steal the nomination, the Republicans are going to throw every Clinton scandal in her face, and then some – you can rest assured that they won't be afraid to say the M-word. And when the country is yet against forced to talk about Monica and oral sex 24/7, Democrats will be looking back at Rev. Wright as the good ole days.
Terms & Conditions
1. DESCRIPTION: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE WILL NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING. “The Oktoberfest Contest” ("Sweepstakes") begins on 7/21/17 at 12:01 a.m. ET and ends on 8/20/17 11:59 p.m. ET (collectively, "Sweepstakes Period"). The administrator of these Sweepstakes is Original Grain, Inc. ("Administrator").
2. HOW TO ENTER: During the Sweepstakes Period, visit https://www.originalgrain.com/pages/oktoberfest-contest and follow the links and instructions to complete and submit the registration. Registration is free. You automatically will receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes each time you register during the Sweepstakes Period, subject to the following limit: one (1) registration per person and per email address per day during the Sweepstakes Period. For each friend you invite entering the Sweepstakes through the method made available in the Sweepstakes entry pages, you can also obtain a “bonus” entry. No limit for "valid" entries. Any attempt by any entrant to obtain more than the stated number of entries by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations and logins, or any other methods will void that entrant's entries and that entrant may be disqualified. Use of any automated system to participate is prohibited and if detected will result in disqualification. In the event of a dispute as to any registration, the authorized account holder of the email address used to register will be deemed to be the registrant or player. The "authorized account holder" is the natural person assigned an email address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. The potential winner may be required to show proof of being the authorized account holder. Proof of transmission or emailing will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by Sponsor and Sponsor will not verify receipt of entries. Entries delayed past the applicable receipt deadline will not be accepted. Sweepstakes entries become the property of Sponsor. No mechanically reproduced or computer-generated requests other than email allowed. Sponsor's computer is the official time keeping device for the Sweepstakes. A “day” is defined by Pacific Time.
3. ELIGIBILITY: All entrants must be at least twenty one (21) years old at the time of entry. Winner must have Valid Passport. The Retail value of this trip is $5,000 and we are using the company Bucket List Events for accommodations and events.
4. WINNER SELECTION AND NOTIFICATION: Winner(s) shall be selected, on or about August 27th, 2017 in a random drawing conducted by the Sweepstakes Administrator from all eligible entries. Winner(s) shall be notified by telephone, email and/or overnight mail on or after August 27, 2017. Selected Winner(s) shall be required to respond (as directed) to the notification within 3 days of attempted notification. The failure to respond timely to the notification may result in forfeiture of the prize and selection of an alternate winner. Prize winner may be required to verify address and to execute before a notary public and return within three (3) days an affidavit of eligibility and liability/publicity release covering eligibility, liability, advertising, publicity and media appearance issues, unless prohibited by law. Prize shall not be awarded until all such properly executed and notarized forms are returned. Upon confirmation of receiving affidavit from said winner, winner must give notice to sponsor and/or sweepstakes entity, at minimum 30 days prior to desired travel date.
5. PRIZES:
GRAND PRIZE:
Prize consists of a trip to Munich, Germany for the "closing weeekend" of Oktoberfest. Details below:
- Hotel Accommodations within walking distance to the Oktoberfest ground
- Daily buffet breakfast at your hotel
- Private transfer upon arrival and departure
- 1 Sold Out Beer Tent reservation; it includes 2 beers and a meal, usually a ½ chicken
- Full-day excursion to Neuschwanstein Castle (day includes transportation, castle entry and guided tour)
- Bike Tour of Munich (4 hours long with a stop one of the largest biergartens in the world, staff and guest favorite!)
- Hearty Bavarian welcome dinner with other Bucket List Events guests
- Bucket List Events guide assistance throughout your stay in Munich
- A 2017 Oktoberfest T-shirt and an commemorative stein
* Flight booking will be either non-stop or 1-stop each way, and selection of flights is entirely at discretion of Original Grain at the time of fulfillment.
This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Instagram or Facebook.
Russia has accused US intelligence of trying to recruit Russian journalists working in the country, after Washington and Moscow, in retaliation, designated each other's media outlets as "foreign agents" and condemned the move as “aggression.”
"Recently Russian journalists, including those in the United States, have come under great pressure from the special services, notably through attempts at recruitment," Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Wednesday.
"This is an aggression. An aggression in terms of intelligence not only towards Russia, but also an encroachment on freedom of expression throughout the world," Zakharova added.
This came the same day Russian lawmakers voted to ban the US media designated as "foreign agents" from accessing the lower house of parliament, the State Duma, in retaliation for a US congress decision to withdraw the credentials of RT, Russian international television network, late last month.
The Russian Justice Ministry formally on Tuesday listed the US government-sponsored Voice of America (VOA) and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) as well as seven separate Russian- or local-language news outlets run by RFE/RL as “foreign agents.”
Russian President Vladimir Putin on November 25 signed a bill into law that allowed authorities to register foreign media outlets as “foreign agents.” The law had earlier passed both houses of the parliament.
The move against American media is part of Moscow's “mirror” response to a US congressional committee move against RT broadcaster.
Washington has accused Moscow of using Russian media organizations to influence the US presidential election last year. Russia has denied the allegation.
Those listed as "foreign agents" have to present themselves as such on any information they publish or broadcast and subject to intensive scrutiny of their staffing and financing.
- Two months ago, Matt Dooyema lost his wedding ring while tubing at Two Rivers Campground in Royalton, Minnesota.
Now, thanks to the determination of an 8-year-old boy, Dooyema said his faith in humanity has been restored.
“I didn't think to take my ring off,” Dooyema said. “As most married people know, it just becomes a part of your body.”
As he was tubing with co-workers in August on Royalton's Platte River, the rush took over to the point that Dooyema didn't even notice until he hit the first sand bar.
“I got dunked and drenched,” he said. “I actually went down the stream and had to catch my tube. I started crying like a baby, I really did. I married my best friend. My wife is my world to me.”
Dooyema lost his ultimate sentiment of love – his wedding ring.
“Luckily, my wife is very understanding,” he said. “I never in my wildest dreams would've thought I'd see my ring again. On our two-year anniversary, we went up to Duluth and got our rings tattooed on because the joke is you can never lose that ring.”
On Monday, Dooyema got a message on Facebook from a stranger.
It read, "my family and I were recently vacationing in the Royalton area, and we think we found a ring that might belong to you."
“I'm dumbfounded,” he said.
Back on Sept. 3, Jennifer Ortloff and her eight-year-old son – also named Matthew – stopped at Two Rivers Campground where Matthew thought he saw a gold stone.
“It was my son's keen eye that made it happen,” Jennifer Ortloff said.
“I picked it up, and it was a men's wedding ring,” Matthew Ortloff said.
“He was just determined to try every angle he could to get it back to the owner,” Jennifer Ortloff said.
Fortunately, Dooyema's wedding date, initials and wife's initials are engraved along the inside of the ring.
“I'm so thankful I didn't put ‘one ring to rule them all' on it,” Dooyema said.
The Ortloffs were then able to track Dooyema down on the Minnesota Official Marriage System.
“I never in my wildest dreams even in my wildest fantasies that I ever thought I'd see it again or that anyone would take that time and effort to find it,” Dooyema said. “Matt's a very special little boy. He's given me hope for the future of this country. I just hope more kids can be like him.”
“It's good to give things back to people,” Matthew Ortloff said.
Sean Hannity edited a clip of President Obama's speech in Cairo to claim that Obama "decided to give 9-11 sympathizers a voice on the world stage." In fact, the context of Obama's words makes clear that Obama was condemning those who would "justify the events of 9-11."
On the June 4 edition of his Fox News show, Sean Hannity stated that in his June 4 speech in Cairo, President Obama "decided to give 9-11 sympathizers a voice on the world stage," then aired a cropped video clip of Obama saying, "I am aware that there are still some that would question or even justify the events of 9-11." However, the context of Obama's comments makes clear that Obama was condemning those who would "justify the events of 9-11"; immediately following the clip Hannity showed, Obama stated:
But let us be clear: Al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people on that day. The victims were innocent men, women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody. And yet al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people, claimed credit for the attack, and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale. They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach. These are not opinions to be debated; these are facts to be dealt with.
Media Matters for America has documented a pattern in which Fox News hosts and correspondents -- including Hannity -- have on dozens of occasions cropped comments by progressives and Democratic political figures in a manner that misrepresents them.
From Obama's speech:
The first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms. In Ankara, I made clear that America is not -- and never will be -- at war with Islam. (Applause.) We will, however, relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security -- because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject: the killing of innocent men, women, and children. And it is my first duty as President to protect the American people. The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates America's goals, and our need to work together. Over seven years ago, the United States pursued al Qaeda and the Taliban with broad international support. We did not go by choice; we went because of necessity. I'm aware that there's still some who would question or even justify the events of 9/11. But let us be clear: Al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people on that day. The victims were innocent men, women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody. And yet al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people, claimed credit for the attack, and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale. They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach. These are not opinions to be debated; these are facts to be dealt with.
From the June 4 edition of Fox News' Hannity:
Nicholas Hoult is in negotiations to play Nikolai Tesla in the Weinstein Co.'s “The Current War.”
Benedict Cumberbatch is already on board to play Thomas Edison and Michael Shannon will portray George Westinghouse. “Me and Earl and the Dying Girl” director Alfonso Gomez-Rejon will helm the film.
The movie takes place in the late 1880s and revolves around power titans Edison and Westinghouse's battle over the supply of electricity. Edison championed the use of a direct current for electric power distribution over an alternating current, which was backed by several European companies and Westinghouse Electric.
The movie is one of two centered on this rivalry. Black Bear Pictures is developing “The Last Days of Night” starring Eddie Redmayne as the lawyer caught in the middle of the patent battle that ensued following Edison's discovery of the electrical current.
TWC will finance and distribute the film.
Timur Bekmambetov, who was originally eyed to direct the movie, will produce alongside Film Rites' Steve Zaillian and Garrett Basch.
Hoult recently wrapped “Sand Castle” and also finished production on the J.D. Salinger biopic “Rebel in the Rye.” He is repped by UTA.
The news was first reported by The Wrap.
Image caption Applicants for the job of Capuchin friar should be independent and still capable of communal living
Roman Catholic friars in Switzerland have placed a job advert in a newspaper as part of a recruitment drive.
The Capuchin order says it is looking for professional single men like bankers or lawyers aged 22 to 35 to join its dwindling ranks.
The community, which has 200 members with an average age of 70, hopes the ad will help recruit 10 to 20 men.
Adverts for craftsmen, technicians and men in social professions are to follow, a spokesman for the order said.
The Capuchin order - one of the Franciscan orders - is calling for young Catholic "bankers, journalists, teachers, theologians, tradesmen, lawyers, communication specialists" to consider joining the order.
Applicants should be independent yet capable of communal living, curious and show initiative, the ad says.
"We offer you no pay, but spirituality and prayer, contemplation, an egalitarian lifestyle, free of personal material riches and the common model of a couple relationship," it says.
The number of Capuchin friars in Switzerland has dropped by half in the last 10 years.
The order has had to close two friaries in a decade, and a third in Appenzell is to close next year.
"Our form of life offers an alternative even if the times of large orders are over," a spokesman said.
Articles on Maharishi Vedic Science and Mathematics For an introduction to Maharishi Vedic Science, see the following unpublished article, originally written as part of the paper "Vedic Wholeness and the Mathematical Universe," listed below. Introduction to Maharishi Vedic Science. Magical Origin of the Natural Numbers, Extended Version
This is an extension of the original paper Magical Origin of the Natural Numbers (revised 2/2019), published in 2016 here: International Journal of Mathematics and Consciousness, Vol 2, No 1, 2016, pp. 1--207, available online at IJMAC
The extended version includes more technical detail than the original. A shorter version of the original paper was presented at the MUM Faculty Research Seminar, April 26, 2013, at Maharishi University of Management, Fairfield, Iowa. The paper suggests a new version of the Axiom of Infinity that incorporates the intuition that the underlying reality of "the infinite" is self-referral dynamics of an unbounded field. Taking this step, it is shown, leads naturally to a solution to the Problem of Large Cardinals. Original PowerPoint slides are here. ABSTRACT: A turning point in the history of mathematics was Cantor's discovery that infinite sets exist. Some time after this discovery, when the foundational axioms for all of mathematics---the ZFC Axioms---were being developed, Cantor's discovery took the form of a fundamental axiom, now known as the Axiom of Infinity. This axiom expresses Cantor's discovery with extreme economy, asserting nothing more than that the natural numbers 1, 2, 3, . . . can be collected together to form a single set (an infinite set). Because of this economical formulation, the Axiom of Infinity provides little intuition about the nature of ''mathematical infinity.'' Lacking a sufficiently clear idea about the nature of the infinite, mathematicians have floundered as they have attempted to come to grips with very strong and unusual forms of the infinite, known now as large cardinals, which have emerged in research in the past century. These notions of the infinite cannot be proved to correspond to ''real'' infinite objects in the mathematical universe, but nevertheless seem quite real. A question for which there is, to this day, no universally accepted answer, is, Do large cardinals exist? In this article, we suggest a new form of the Axiom of Infinity, which provides much richer intuition about the mathematical infinite, and which points the way toward an account of large cardinals. This new axiom is based on a deep insight about the true nature of the infinite. This insight is drawn both from the ancient wisdom of several traditions of knowledge, concerning the origin of the natural numbers, and also from the paradigm provided by quantum field theory for understanding the ultimate constituents of the physical universe. Both perpectives suggest to us that a collection of discrete objects, like the set of natural numbers, should be understood as precipitations of the dynamics of an unbounded field. What is important about the set of natural numbers, therefore, is the field that gives rise to them. In this spirit, we show that the sequence of natural numbers ''arises from'' the transformational dynamics of a Dedekind self-map. We show that a deep understanding of Dedekind self-maps, whose value at first seems only to generate the natural numbers, reveals that large cardinals themselves arise as ''precipitations'' of Dedekind self-maps. Following this logic to its natural conclusion, we conclude that, mathematically speaking, ''everything'' arises from ''unmanifest'' transformational dynamics that move the totality of the universe within itself. Addressing the Problem of Large Cardinals with Vedic Wisdom
International Journal of Mathematics and Consciousness, Vol 1, No 1, 2015, pp. 67--89. Online version available at: http://www.consciouscapital.com.au/journal/inf.pdf This is a full write-up of the topics discussed in the talk "Recent Progress in the Mathematical Analysis of the Infinite"; see below. ABSTRACT: Shortly after Cantor's discovery of the existence in mathematics of an endless hierarchy of different sizes of infinite sets, a new challenge concerning the nature of infinity in mathematics arose. Enormous infinities, known as large cardinals, have turned out to be the key to solving many mainstream problems in mathematics, but because of their extraordinarily strong properties, large cardinals cannot be proven to exist at all. The Problem of Large Cardinals is to find a natural way to enrich the standard axioms of set theory so that large cardinals can be derived. To accomplish this goal, a much deeper intuition about the nature of the infinite than has been available so far is needed. We suggest that precisely such intuition can be extracted from the ancient Vedic wisdom. We formulate a new axiom of set theory, strongly motivated both by this ancient wisdom and by mathematical considerations, which provides a solution to the Problem of Large Cardinals. Mathematics of Pure Consciousness
This paper was presented at the WAVES (World Association for Vedic Studies) July 31 -- Aug 3, 2014, at Maharishi University of Management, Fairfield, IA. Slide presentation available here. It is also possible to see a video of the talk: Follow this link: video of the talk. This webpage contains several videos. The one that I appear in is 4th from the top, the video labeled "9:00-9:45 AM Morning plenary session", and I am the third speaker; I begin my talk at approimately 1:44 (1 hour 44 mintues) into the recording. ABSTRACT: Adi Shankara, the foremost exponent of Advaita Vedanta, declared "Brahman alone is real, the world is mithya (not independently existent), and the individual self is nondifferent from Brahman." A fundamental question is, How does the diversity of existence appear when Brahman alone is? The YogaVasistha declares, "The world appearance arises only when the infinite consciousness sees itself as an object." Maharishi Mahesh Yogi has elaborated on this theme: Creation is nothing but the dynamics of pure consciousness, which are set in motion by the very fact that pure consciousness is conscious; being conscious, it assumes the role of knower, object of knowledge and process of knowing. To help clarify these issues, we offer a mathematical model of pure consciousness. We show that in a natural expansion of the universe of mathematics by ideal elements, there is a unique set Ω whose only element is itself, and which is equal to the set of all possible transformations from itself to itself. All "real" mathematical objects can be seen to arise from the internal dynamics of Ω. All differences among numbers, and among all mathematical objects, are seen to be ghostly mirages, hiding their true nature as permutations of one set, Ω. Recent Progress in the Mathematical Analysis of the Infinite
This is a rough reprint of the transcript of a talk presented at the 2012 faculty symposium with Maharaja Adhiraj Rajaraam, entitled "Maharishi Vedic Science: Illuminating the Cutting Edge of Modern Science," held at Maharishi University of Management, in Fairfield Iowa. The talk appears as a paper in the volume Consciousness Is Primary, Illuminating the Leading Edge of Knowledge, Maharishi University of Management, Fairfield, IA, 2013 (pp. 115--146). The talk surveys the history of the mathematical study of the infinite and how a solution to a modern-day mathematical problem about the infinite has been solved using the principles described in Maharishi Vedic Science. Original PowerPoint slides are here. The next two articles have appeared in P. Corazza, A. Dow (Eds.), Consciousness-Based Education: A Foundation for Teaching and Learning in the Academic Disciplines: Vol. 5. Consciousness-Based Education and Mathematics, 2011, MUM Press. Vedic Wholeness and the Mathematical Universe: Maharishi Vedic Science as a Tool for Research in the Foundations of Mathematics This is a very detailed discussion of Maharishi Vedic Science and the set theory of the infinite. The article gives a survey of ideas of set theory and the mathematics of the infinite, leading up to the modern-day theory of large cardinals. The article shows how the Problem of Large Cardinals -- the problem of determining how these enormous large cardinals arise and how they can be accounted for (since they cannot be proven to exist from the known foundational axioms) -- can be addressed, and even solved, through an application of Maharishi Vedic Science. The Wholeness Axiom. This is a presentation of Maharishi Vedic Science and the mathematical infinite written originally for mathematicians, but is reasonably readable by anyone. The article offered fundamental intuitions about the universe, which expand upon known intuitions derived from the work of Cantor and other more modern researchers, as the basis for introducing a new axiom in mathematics, the Wholeness Axiom. The Wholeness Axiom embodies, in mathematical language, the essential features of the dynamics of wholeness in Maharishi Vedic Science: Wholeness is an all-inclusive totality that moves within itself, knows itself, remains unchanged by its own self-transformations, unfolds on the basis of a collapse of its unbounded nature to its point, and that is present at every point in creation. The paper shows how these principles are given expression in mathematics, and how this expression, in the form of the Wholeness Axiom, solves the Problem of Large Cardinals. Articles on Maharishi Vedic Science and Computer Science The next two articles have appeared in K. Levi, P. Corazza (Eds.), Consciousness-Based Education: A Foundation for Teaching and Learning in the Academic Disciplines: Vol. 8. Consciousness-Based Education and Computer Science, 2011, MUM Press. The Self-Referral Dynamics Of Computation: An Introduction To A Course On Algorithms This introduction to a graduate course on Algorithms begins with the question "What is computation?" We ask whether Nature's way of computing all that it accomplishes has the same algorithmic character as the mathematical tools that are used in science to model Nature. We review the perspectives offered by Maharishi Vedic Science and recent discoveries in quantum field theory, both of which conclude that Nature's computational dynamics are based on self-referral performance at a hidden, unmanifest level. We then show how the very mathematics of computation has its basis in self-referral dynamics by showing that every computable function may be defined as the fixed point of an operator on a vast (and therefore, in a sense, unmanifest) function space. Computable Functions In The Theory Of Algorithms: Collapsing Infinity To A Point This introduction to a graduate course on Algorithms shows how the class of functions that are actually used in Computer Science arises from a much vaster class of number-theoretic functions through a sequence of "collapses" to successively narrower function classes. The vast majority of number-theoretic functions are essentially indescribable. By contrast, it is possible to know in full detail the behavior of the functions belonging to the much more restricted class of definable functions. Restricting further to the class of computable functions, it becomes possible to describe the behavior of each function in terms of a computer program; that is, one can describe how to compute each function in this class. And the narrowest class of functions - the class of polynomial time bounded functions - consists of functions that can be computed in a feasible way, efficiently enough to be of practical value in real applications. We discuss how this sequence of collapses parallels the creative dynamics of pure consciousness itself, as described by Maharishi's Vedic Science, as it brings forth creation through the collapse of the abstract, indescribable infinite value of wholeness to the concrete, specific point value within its nature.
How much of an effect could President Donald Trump's policies really have on Philadelphia?
The stripped-down budget the White House released this week offered some detail. In it, Trump recommended cuts to many federal organizations that contribute funding to Philadelphia, such as Housing and Urban Development and the Department of Transportation. The budget also included increases in funding for lead-paint removal programs and heroin treatment programs. City Council President Darrell Clarke, in a statement, called the budget “a declaration of war on low-income people, the middle class, and seniors.”
None of Trump's cuts are final. Lawmakers from both sides have expressed problems with budget, and it will almost certainly be adjusted. But according to what's in the budget now, these are five concrete ways you would notice Trump's cuts locally.
Dirtier, less-organized neighborhoods
Plenty of efforts have been made recently to reduce Philadelphia's litter problem. Trump's budget could make that goal more difficult through the elimination of all Community Development Block Grants. These federal funds are disbursed to cities throughout the country, and last year Philly received nearly $40 million of them.
Among the hardest hit by this action would be neighborhood associations. In the most recent fiscal year, various organizations received a combined $1.1 million, using it to pay for managers of commercial corridors and cleaning crews.
“They beautify the corridor and sell vacant storefronts and also kind of keep it clean of litter,” said Beth McConnell, policy director of the Philadelphia Association of Community Development Corporations. “Almost all of that is funded by CDBG.”
Without CDBG dollars, those positions would be drastically reduced or eliminated. Less trash would be picked up along neighborhood corridors, and small businesses would get less support without assistance and organization from neighborhood management.
About 20 neighborhood groups received significant funding from CDBGs, including Tacony CDC, Newbold CDC, Allegheny West Foundation, Frankford CDC and the Philadelphia Chinatown Development Corporation.
Higher foreclosure rates and other problems for low-income homeowners
CDBG funding is also used for programs that assist the development of affordable housing and rehabilitation of old housing. Philly, like many other big cities, already has way less supply than needed to meet affordable housing demand. The CDBG cuts could further widen the gap.
McConnell pointed to Neighborhood Advisory Committees as one group that would also likely be eliminated. Neighborhood Advisory Committees serve a variety of purposes, but one of the most important is sending staff to residents facing foreclosure and explaining to them how they can save their house. Those house calls would be history.
Sanctuary city status problems?
One line of Trump's budget is being seen as a de facto salvo against sanctuary cities. Per the budget, $210 million in federal funding is being eliminated for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program. California receives about $50 million a year, including $6 million for Los Angeles. Chicago receives about $1.3 million. But this particular cut would barely impact Philadelphia.
Per Department of Justice data, in fiscal year 2016, the city received no funding as part of the SCAAP, and in 2015 and 2014 received only about $150,000 each year (counties across Pennsylvania received a combined $2 million in FY 2016). That's hardly enough to impact the Police Department's nearly $700 million annual budget.
This morning, Police Commissioner Richard Ross released a statement in an email titled “City Public Safety Leaders Oppose Defunding ‘Sanctuary' Cities” saying, “Threatening the removal of valuable grant funding from jurisdictions that choose not to spend limited resources enforcing federal immigration law is extremely problematic. Removing these funds that contribute to the health and well-being of communities across the nation would not make our communities safer and would not fix any part of our broken immigration system.”
Asked for details about what part of the budget the city would consider as possibly defunding sanctuary cities, Lauren Hitt, director of communications for the Mayor's Office, said they would have more detail available next week about the possible impact of Trump's budget on the Police Department.
Less research for Temple, Penn
As an Eds and Meds city, Philadelphia relies greatly on Temple, Drexel, Penn, Jefferson and others to maintain world-class reputations as research hospitals. They could lose significant amounts of National Institutes of Health funding because of Trump's budget, which calls for a reduction of NIH funding of nearly $6 billion, from $31.7 billion to $25.9 billion.
The majority of grants given by the NIH go toward research, so any possible changes would likely go unnoticed at the day-to-day level, but could add up over time. Here's the total amounts of NIH grants received by Philly institutions in the last fiscal year. This funding wouldn't dry up altogether but could be reduced.
CHOP: $14.5M
Drexel: $4.3M
Five Eleven Pharma: $225K
Integral Molecular: $686K
Monell Chemical Senses Center: $567K
Phelix Therapeutics: $1.4M
Fox Chase Cancer Center: $5.7M
Temple: $14.7M
Thomas Jefferson: $14.6M
Penn: $97M
Infrastructure problems
Ever heard of TIGER grants? Philadelphia has gotten many of these in the past, and they are generally used to renovate pieces of infrastructure that can't be covered by local or state money. In 2015, for instance, Philly received about $10 million for building the Schuylkill River Swing Bridge Trail near Grays Ferry, and for renovating American Street in Kensington. Last year, we got a $2.5 million TIGER grant to study Roosevelt Boulevard, the most dangerous road in Philadelphia.
Trump plans to cut TIGER grants completely. It wouldn't have any effect on the ongoing projects, like for Roosevelt Boulevard, but no money would be available for similar projects in the future.
The Marvel Universe is packed to the brim with superheroes and supervillains. But 21-year-old actor Jacob Batalon, who co-starred as the adorkable Ned Leeds in Spider-Man: Homecoming, wants his good guy to turn to the dark side. At New York Comic Con on Saturday, Batalon told Inverse he wants to fulfill his comic book character's destiny as the supervillain, Hobgoblin.
“Personally I would love to be evil,” Batalon said at the Spider-Man: Homecoming activation on the floor of the Jacob Javits Center. “I would love to be on my own glider. Eat evil, going to the bathroom evil. I would love to.”
That “glider” part is important. While Batalon's character in the Marvel Universe of movies is based on the Ultimate Spider-Man character Ganke Lee, the name “Ned Leeds” is lifted from one of Spider-Man's foes, the Hobgoblin. Introduced in 1964 in The Amazing Spider-Man #18 and unmasked as a villain in #289 in 1987, Ned is a Daily Bugle reporter who is brainwashed into becoming the third inheritor of the Hobgoblin identity.
Like the other Goblins of Spider-Man's rogues gallery, Hobgoblin also rides an aero glider to throw pumpkin-shaped grenades at ol' Spidey.
“I did do a lot of reading,” Ganke says about the comics. “I really liked Ganke. Ned's more just like a gallery person, but we put them together.”
Left: Ned Leeds, as he appeared in 'The Amazing Spider-Man' as the Hobgoblin; Right: Ganke Lee in 'Ultimate Spider-Man'; Center: Jacob Batalon at the 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' premiere.
Hobgoblin may not be in Batalon's future, at least for now, because Avengers: Infinity War is on the horizon. Set to close off the first ten-year chapter of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Batalon will reprise his role as Ned when the Avengers unite to take on the all-powerful Thanos. But while Ned's homeboy Peter Parker will be busy protecting Earth in the fight of the millennium, Batalon says Ned will be there for support. “He's still gonna be his best friend,” says Batalon. “Peter might make him keep it [all] a secret however.”
Together, Peter and Ned are a fan-favorite bromance among Marvel faithful. You can tell just by looking at the crowd at Comic Con: When Batalon arrived onto the dedicated Spider-Man: Homecoming booth, the 21-year-old Hawaii native is instantly mobbed for selfies. “I think the fans are so cool,” he says, “They give me this energy that's so sweet and genuine.”
Swing by (see what I did there😏) say hi🤗 I'll be doing autographs later today👌🏽🙌🏽🤙🏽 #NewYorkComicCon2017 #homecomingbooth A post shared by Jacob Batalon (@lifeisaloha) on Oct 5, 2017 at 8:32am PDT
Behind the scenes, it was important that Batalon and lead star Tom Holland got along. “We had a week of pre-production. We spent that time as a cast to bond together, get that chemistry going.” Batalon says it was “just like going back to high school,” as the 20-something actors got to rewind time and become high schoolers again. “Really young, full of bliss. [It was] easy to get into.”
What wasn't easy was building that LEGO Death Star, as seen in the film where Ned drops it to pieces upon learning his best friend is a superhero. Under orders from director Jon Watts, both Batalon and Holland had to build the entire Death Star set together, which Batalon found “frustrating.”
“I don't think I've had a worse time building something,” Batalon says, laughing. “I mean, LEGOs are cool, but I'm just not into it. [Director] Jon [Watts] wanted us to bond, but little did he know that we were already close.”
“We just tossed that thing to the side. We tried and failed,” he jokes.
Batalon is willing to fail at LEGOs, but he's not willing to fail people. A Filipino-American born and raised in Honolulu, Batalon tells Inverse he feels some pressure to live up to his people's aspirations.
“I'm from Hawaii and people from there are very proud. And I don't even need to speak how proud Filipino people are of their own,” he tells me (I'm also Filipino-American). “It's humbling to be in that position. I have taken it in such stride, I don't plan on disappointing anyone.”
Spider-Man: Homecoming is available now on Digital HD and Blu-ray on October 17.
If you liked this article, check out this video about the evolution of Spider-Man games.
University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital Doctors Save the Life of Teenager with spear through his head.
By Jim Donahue
Yasser Lopez is a very lucky young man and on the road to recovery.
On Thursday, June 8th 2012, 16-year-old Yasser Lopez was accidently shot through the head with a spear! He had gone spear fishing that day at a lake close to his southwest Miami-Dade county home with a 15-year-old friend. He was swimming when his 15-year-old friend mistakenly discharged the spear fishing gun he was attempting to load.
And then the unbelievable happened!
The spear gun accidentally ejected the spear, hitting Yasser in the head.
Lopez was transported by Miami-Dade Fire Rescue to the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital/Ryder Trauma Center with approximately three feet of the spear protruding from his forehead. The spear entered the teenager's head two inches above the right eye and came out at the apex at the back of his skull.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue paramedics provided the equipment needed to help save young Yasser's life. You guys are the best.
First Vise Grips were used to stabilize the spear protruding from Yasser's forehead. Then 18 inches of the spear was removed using a rebar cutter, allowing doctors to do a complete radiographic exam and evaluation of the patient.
Ross Bullock, M.D., Ph.D., professor of Neurological Surgery and clinical director of the Neurotrauma Program at UM/Jackson Memorial Hospital/Ryder Trauma Center said in a news conference on Monday June 18th, 2012, “It's a miracle the spear missed all the main blood vessels of the brain.”
It took a team of surgeons three hours to dislodge the spear from Yasser's brain.
Lopez is in serious condition at University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital and is expected to remain hospitalized for several more months.
Doctors said the teen has no recollection of the accident.
He couldn't have been taken to a better Hospital anywhere.
The University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Medical Center has been ranked No. 1 in Miami-Fort Lauderdale in U.S. News & World Report's first-ever Best Hospitals metro area rankings. The new rankings recognize 622 hospitals in or near major cities with a record of high performance in key medical specialties, including 132 of the 152 hospitals already identified as the best in the nation.
There are nearly 5,000 hospitals nationwide.
Yasser was transported to The University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Medical Center by Miami-Dade Fire Rescue paramedics via helicopter.
So pay it forward. Next time you see a firefighter or a paramedic, thank him or her for their service to your community, no matter where you live. I'm almost positive they will appreciate the thought.
Your life may depend on it. Believe it.
By Jillian Stacia
The personal is political. This is one of the most commonly recognized feminist arguments. It highlights the connection between what goes on in a woman's personal life and the current political infrastructure. Essentially, it means that you are not alone- that what you go through on a day to day, moment by moment basis is not something to ignore or discredit, because it's not just “your problem”. It's not individual, it's collective. It's a call for the government to defend and reflect the values and needs of women in the same way it defends and reflects the values and needs of men.
But with this election, I'm learning that the reverse is also true. Not only is the personal political, but the political is also incredibly personal.
I love Hillary Clinton for a myriad of reasons, 90% of which are related to her political actions and viewpoints. But I'd be lying if I said I didn't also love her because she's a woman. And for a while, I felt shame about that, like being a woman is something that really shouldn't matter to me so much. But it does. And that's okay. I've never had a president who looks like me. Hell, I'm an educated, politically active woman and I struggle to name five women politicians who I admire. For me to have a presidential candidate who I can relate to on a personal level? That's huge. I'm allowed to love the fact that our candidate is a strong, badass woman without feeling bad about it or having others assume it's the only reason I'm voting for her.
But when people speak badly about Hillary, I get viscerally and gut-wrenchingly angry. To be fair, I'm always a passionate person. I'm not afraid to mince words. But I pride myself on being open to hearing opposite viewpoints. I firmly believe that there is both value and truth in views that I myself do not hold. I spend way too much time trying to understand where other people are coming from. And I try not to hold people's beliefs- especially their political beliefs- against them.
But with Hillary, I can't. The sexist rhetoric that I hear? The bullshit media coverage? It makes me downright red-faced- toddler-throwing-a-temper-tantrum kind of enraged. Because the political is personal.
When people tell me Hillary doesn't smile enough, I'm reminded of all the times I've been told to “cheer up” when I'm not grinning like a buffoon. I'm reminded of when my first internship told me to control my facial expressions, because apparently PR girls can't do much beside smile and nod. I'm reminded of the “resting bitch face” phenomenon and how annoying it is that the default for women is happy and chipper, even when life is not especially happy or chipper in that particular moment.
When people make fun of Hillary's clothes, I'm reminded of all the times I've been embarrassed of my own outfits. I think about shopping for my first big girl job and searching desperately for clothes that made me look professional, yet stylish. My attire needed to be young, but mature. It needed to be flattering, but not revealing. Of course it shouldn't be too bold or bright, but boring and beige wasn't acceptable either. And certainly, for the love of God, not a pantsuit.
When people make fun of Hillary's voice, I'm reminded of my male friends poking fun at me and asking why I always yell when I get “fired up” about certain issues and topics. “This isn't yelling,” I'd retort. “This is the tone women take when they have shit to say. You don't recognize it because we're constantly underselling our opinions, but this is what an authoritative, passionate woman sounds like.”
When people worry about Hillary's health and criticize her for campaigning with pneumonia, I think about how I've gone to work sick as a dog, afraid to be seen as weak or fragile or not able to cut it. I think about my stupid office air conditioning that always gives me a summer cold. I think about my mother taking care of two toddlers when she herself is sick with the flu. I think about woman after woman, decade after decade, tirelessly doing what needed to be done regardless of their physical, mental, and spiritual health. I think about how strong that is. How that's truly what it means to be a woman – getting up and doing the work regardless. And then I think about how Hillary was criticized for that very fact. How, through the right lens, even raw strength can be twisted into a woman's failure.
When people tell me Hillary needs a facelift, I'm reminded about how, at the end of the day, the only thing that matters is how I look. I'm reminded of all the hours I've spent dieting and exercising and plucking and primping, all in the service of being liked, of being respected, of being valued. I think about how I will need to get plastic surgery when I'm older if I want to be liked and respected. Hell, I should probably start the Botox now. I am reminded, for the bazillionth time, that what I look like matters more than what I have to say.
When people talk about how cold Hillary is, when they explain that they don't like her because she's awkward and aloof and seemingly untrustworthy, I think about all the times I've been judged for my emotions. I think about how many times people have told me I'm being too loud, too sensitive, too passionate. I think about the struggle I face every day between wanting my contributions to be heard and wanting my true self to be seen. When your “youness” is seen as weakness, you put up a shield. That's why Hillary looks cold. She's spent years with her guard all the way up. I think about my own guard. I've spent years hiding who I am to be taken seriously, to be liked and approved. Is there any wonder Hillary's done the same? Can I fault a fellow woman for doing what it takes to survive, as a woman and a politician, in the public eye?
The political is personal.
And I'm watching. I'm watching a woman who is arguably the most qualified candidate to run for President, be criticized for her appearance, her voice, her demeanor. I'm watching. Women everywhere are watching. Little girls are watching. What are we seeing? What are we hearing? What are we learning about how to succeed as a woman?
Smile. Dress nicely. Talk softly. Keep up with your looks. Be accommodating.
The political is personal. When you demand Hillary to act a certain way, to look a certain way, to smile a certain way, you're telling your daughters, your wives, your sisters, your friends that that's what they need to do, too. It's all connected. The rules don't change because she's a politician. How she is being treated is a direct parallel to the way we're all being treated on a personal level.
The political is personal. The personal is political.
Either way you spin it, we need to do better.
Jillian is part of the Contributing Writer Network at Thirty On Tap. To apply to become a contributing writer, please click HERE.
{featured image via politico}
443 SHARES Share Tweet
Almost half of Scotland's universities increased the number of staff they employed on zero hours contracts over the last year.
In 2015, Scottish university principals publicly committed to “eliminate exploitative zero hours contracts” and tackle abuses linked to them.
But an investigation by the Ferret – published in tandem today with The National – has revealed that zero hours contracts have increased in many universities with junior academics often working a number of short-term contracts simultaneously.
“If I'm lucky with my four different roles I get max £400 a month,” said one final year PhD student at Glasgow University. “You need all these jobs just to try to keep yourself afloat.”
In March 2015, the Universities and College Union called on Scottish institutions to improve their working conditions. In response, Universities Scotland wrote to the Scottish Government promising to eliminate ‘exploitative' zero hours contracts.
But the number of staff employed with no guarantee of work increased in half a dozen Scottish universities over the last year, a series of Freedom of Information requests submitted by the Ferret has found.
If you complain you don't get any more work Glasgow University tutor
Trade unions have called on the Scottish Government to put pressure on universities to end zero hours contracts.
At Strathclyde University the number of staff on zero hours contracts increased from 768 to 790 between 2013/14 and 2014/15. Staff on zero hours contracts at the university worked over 78,000 hours last year.
During the same time period, the number of hours worked by staff on zero hours contracts at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, in Glasgow, increased by almost 3,000 hours, to 34,530 hours.
Last year, Napier University had 256 zero hour lecturers working almost 35,000 hours, a slight increase on the previous year. At Aberdeen University the number of staff on zero hours contracts increased from 125 to 159 between 2013/14 and 2014/15, while at Stirling University teaching assistants on zero hours contracts rose from 291 to 304.
At Glasgow University, the number of staff on zero hours contracts dropped slightly between 2014 and 2015 but over 4,000 were still employed on these contracts last year, working over 215,000 hours in total.
Zero hours contracts have become increasingly prevalent in the university sector across the UK in recent years. Many of those employed in this way are young researchers finishing their studies or junior staff who previously would have been given full-time contracts but are now more often paid hourly lecturing rates.
Universities Scotland, the body that represents Scottish universities, has said that zero hours contracts offer flexibility to staff. But young academics we spoke to said they often feel pressurized to take insecure, short-term contracts with little or no guaranteed work.
“You are always told you need to teach to get a job once you finish your PhD but the pay is so bad only people who don't need the money can really afford to do it. You can't rely on it to pay your bills,” said a Glasgow university tutor who asked not to be named.
“Everybody is on these things. It's frustrating because you are supposed to build up teaching work but that's impossible if you want a regular salary.”
According to her contract, which the Ferret has seen, she earns over £28,000 a year pro rata but is paid an hourly rate so only makes just a fraction of that.
“In January I earned just £30,” she says. “I would love to know roughly what I'm going to earn a month but I don't.”
The academic worked on a zero hours contract for three years from 2012. In September 2015, she was moved onto a new contract with guaranteed hours – just 40 hours over six months.
“When you go to the training they say “you can have as much work as you want' but that doesn't materialise.”
A 2014 report into zero hours contracts in Scottish universities found that staff who speak out against the arrangements can find their hours withdrawn or suffer bullying and harassment. Little appears to have changed.
[clickToTweet tweet=”Because everyone is working like this you can't complain about anything ever” quote=”Because everyone is working like this you can't complain about anything ever”]
“Because everyone is working like this you can't complain about anything ever. If you complain you don't get any more work.”
Scottish university principals are paid as much as £334,000 a year. In 2015, Scottish universities principals said that “exploitative” zero hours contracts should end.
In a letter sent to the Scottish Government the body said that “principals agreed to eliminate exploitative zero hours contracts in the sector with no use of exclusivity clauses and consideration given to how we can move to different contractual arrangements including appointments that offer a minimum hours guarantee in a given period.” But, the letter added, “responsible use of ‘hours required' contracts will continue in higher education as they can provide both practical and mutual benefit to employer and employee.”
Responding to the Ferret investigation, a Universities Scotland spokesperson said:
“There are many instances where flexible employment arrangements are appropriate and benefit employees. Scotland's higher education institutions make use of flexible contracts but are committed to avoiding exploitative practices. Staff on flexible contracts are entitled to holiday pay, sick pay and other benefits and there is no use of exclusivity clauses.
“Higher education institutions have been working with recognised trade unions on a joint project to better understand the use of flexible or casual contracts within the sector so that we have a shared evidence base. This is a constructive way to work together on this issue.”
It is time for Scotland's universities to make a firm commitment to eradicate these precarious contracts and employ people properly Mary Senior, UCU Scotland
But trade unions said universities needed to do more to end the use of zero hours contracts.
“These figures show a concerning rise in the use of zero hours contracts at some of Scotland's leading institutions,” said Mary Senior of UCU Scotland Official.
“These contracts are bad for staff and students alike, as they offer no job security and mean that staff are often not paid for time spent on lesson preparation and marking. It is time for Scotland's universities to make a firm commitment to eradicate these precarious contracts and employ people properly.”
A 2014 Scottish Affairs Committee inquiry found that over 100,000 Scots are employed on zero hours contracts. The STUC is currently running a campaign called ‘Better than Zero' targeting companies that use zero-hours contracts.
STUC deputy secretary general Dave Moxham called on the Scottish government to put pressure on universities to end zero hours contracts.
“It is shocking that institutions funded by the public purse continue to operate zero hours contracts and that the figures seem to be on the increase, bucking the trend of a slight reduction in Scotland overall. We recognise the independent status of universities, but this does not preclude pressure being brought to bear by the Scottish Government for an end to these practices and it should be a key priority for the new Government to do so.
“The fact that there are clear difference in the volume of zero hours contracts between different institutions gives the lie to the idea that such contracts are necessary to the business model of universities and they are certainly opposed by the majority of those working under these conditions.”
The Ferret investigation found that the numbers of staff employed on zero hours contracts have declined at Abertay, Glasgow School of Art, and the University of the West of Scotland.
Dundee University has 60 people recorded in its HR system as undertaking tutoring or marking for the university on professional distance-learning programmes, who do not have a minimum number of hours within their contracts.
There were no staff working on zero hours contracts in 2014/15 in Edinburgh, Heriot Watt and St Andrews universities. Just a single person was employed on such a contract at Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen.
Earlier this year it was reported that Scottish principals received major salary increases in 2014/15 – despite universities having to cut £30million from their budgets.
University leaders have previously been criticised for earning more than the First Minister. Professor Sir Jim McDonald, principal of Strathclyde University, in Glasgow, remains the highest paid principal in Scotland with a salary package of £343,000.
Yahoo reported:
Mass starvation has wiped out thousands of penguin chicks in Antarctica, with unusually thick sea ice forcing their parents to forage further for food in what conservationists Friday called a “catastrophic breeding failure”.
French scientists, supported by WWF, have been studying a colony of 18,000 pairs of Adelie penguins in East Antarctica since 2010 and discovered only two chicks survived the most recent breeding season in early 2017.
They attributed the disaster to extensive sea ice late in the summer, meaning the adult penguins had to travel further to find food, with the chicks dying as they waited.
Yan Ropert-Coudert, senior penguin scientist at Dumont D'Urville research station, adjacent to the colony, said the region was impacted by environmental changes linked to the breakup of the Mertz glacier.
The NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund recently filed a lawsuit in federal court challenging President Trump's Election Integrity Commission as illegal and unconstitutional. Our complaint makes clear that to falsely allege that voter fraud exists is nothing more than a pretext for the suppression of Black and Latino voters. Ours is the seventh suit against the commission, and the first to allege that it discriminates against voters of color.
Statements made by President Trump and his surrogates demonstrate the connection between race and the commission's search for voter fraud. Without offering any evidence, the president has repeatedly claimed that voter fraud is rampant in the U.S. and that he lost the popular vote in the 2016 election because of millions of “illegal” votes cast for Hillary Clinton. He has couched these allegations in racially coded terms, implying that voter impersonation is perpetrated mostly by immigrants or residents of predominantly Black urban centers. A few weeks before the election, then-candidate Trump told a predominantly white crowd in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, “I just hear such reports about Philadelphia. … We have to make sure that this election is not stolen from us and is not taken away from us.” He added: “Everybody knows what I'm talking about.”
Advertisement:
The commission's members have made similar insinuations. Vice chairman Kris Kobach, Kansas' Secretary of State, has associated minority voters with “ethnic cleansing.” In 2014, he described a conspiracy to “[replace] American voters with illegal aliens.” Just this week, a federal judge upheld an earlier ruling against Kobach, citing a “pattern” of “misleading the Court” about documents he was photographed taking into a meeting with Trump last November. Kobach initially refused to produce the documents, which included text that read “Draft Amendments to the National Voter …," and was subsequently fined by the court. U.S. District Judge Court Julie Robinson ruled this week that “statements [were] made or positions taken by Secretary Kobach that have called his credibility into question.”
Commissioner Hans von Spakovsky, a fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation, dismissed evidence of foreign interference in the 2016 election by stating without any factual basis that the “real” threat “is from inaccurate voter rolls full of ineligible voters, from the dead to noncitizens to felons.”
In a column for the far-right website PJMedia.com, Commissioner J. Christian Adams wrote: “…when it comes to voter fraud, when you catch one crook, it usually means there are hundreds more hiding in the darkness. When it comes to aliens voting, it's more like thousands and thousands.” He also alleged that the Obama Administration was attempting to “import populations with cultural and legal traditions foreign to American traditions,” and that “noncitizen voting helps the left win elections” – statements with no factual basis whatsoever.
All rigorous studies of voter fraud have proven that in-person voter fraud is a myth used to justify laws and policies that make it harder for persons of color to vote, like the restrictive voter ID laws passed in Alabama, Texas and North Carolina, and elsewhere. Federal courts have struck down these laws as discriminatory on multiple occasions. In its ruling invalidating North Carolina's voter ID statute, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals went so far as to say that the law “target[s] African Americans with almost surgical precision.”
All of this leaves little doubt about the real purpose behind the President's Election Integrity Commission: to curb minority voting rights and make our electorate less representative of the American public. That impression was only deepened earlier this month when Secretary Kobach sent a letter asking all 50 states and the District of Columbia to turn over their voter rolls. There is reason to believe that the commission hopes to check voter roll data against federal databases to find irregularities like double voting, a method known as “crosschecking” that experts have shown to be discriminatory against Black and Latino voters.
The commission's request was met with widespread bipartisan outrage, forcing the body to suspend its data collection efforts for now. But severe damage to our democracy has already been done. The mere knowledge that the White House is interested in voters' personal data has a chilling effect, especially on the minority voters whom the president and his surrogates have so often demonized. Citizens are removing themselves from voter rolls because of the mere specter of federal intrusion. And with the Department of Justice compelling states to turn over data on how they maintain voter rolls, there is ample reason to fear that voters of color won't feel secure as long as this commission is in place.
Advertisement:
Americans have made extraordinary sacrifices to expand voting rights – from the soldiers who fought for the Union in the Civil War, to the marchers who braved the bullwhip and billy club at Selma. We have come too far toward a truly representative democracy to turn back now, which is why the Legal Defense Fund is going to court. The occupant of the White House swears an oath to protect our democracy; we will not stand idly by while he and his supporters assault it.
The Emoji Movie is a 2017 American computer-animated comedy film directed by Tony Leondis and written by Leondis, Eric Siegel and Mike White, based on emoji graphics used in electronic messages.[4] It stars the voices of T.J. Miller, James Corden, Anna Faris, Maya Rudolph, Steven Wright, Jennifer Coolidge, Christina Aguilera, Sofía Vergara, Sean Hayes and Patrick Stewart. The film centers on Gene, a multi-expressional emoji who lives in a teenager's smartphone and sets out on a journey to become a normal meh emoji like his parents.[5][6]
Produced by Sony Pictures Animation and distributed by Columbia Pictures, The Emoji Movie premiered on July 23, 2017, at the Regency Village Theatre and was theatrically released in the United States on July 28, 2017. The film grossed $217 million worldwide, but received largely negative reviews with critics lamenting the poor attempts at humor, performances of the cast, plot and calling it one of the worst films of 2017.[7] At the 38th Golden Raspberry Awards, it won in four categories: Worst Picture, The Worst Director, Worst Screen Combo and Worst Screenplay, making it the first animated film to receive nominations and wins in any of those categories.[8][9][10]
Plot [ edit ]
Gene is an emoji that lives in Textopolis, a digital city inside the phone of his user Alex. He is the son of two meh emojis named Mel and Mary, and is able to make multiple expressions despite his parents' upbringing. His parents are hesitant of him going to work, but Gene insists so that he can feel useful. Upon receiving a text from his crush Addie, Alex decides to send her an emoji. When Gene is selected, he panics, makes a panicked expression, and wrecks the text center. Gene is called in by Smiler, a smiley emoji and leader of the text center, who concludes that Gene is a "malfunction" and therefore must be deleted. Gene is chased by bots, but is rescued by Hi-5, a once popular emoji who has since lost his fame due to lack of use. He tells Gene that he can be fixed if they find a hacker, and Hi-5 accompanies him so that he can reclaim his fame.
Smiler sends more bots to look for Gene when she finds out that he has left Textopolis, as his actions have caused Alex to think that his phone needs to be fixed. Gene and Hi-5 come to a piracy app where they meet a hacker emoji named Jailbreak, who wants to reach Dropbox so that she can live in the cloud. The trio is attacked by Smiler's bots, but manage to escape into the game Candy Crush. Jailbreak reveals that Gene can be fixed in the cloud, and the group goes off into the Just Dance app. While there, Jailbreak is revealed to be a princess emoji who fled home after tiring of being stereotyped. They are once again attacked by bots, and their actions cause Alex to delete the Just Dance app. Gene and Jailbreak escape, but Hi-5 is taken along with the app and ends up in the trash.
Mel and Mary go searching for Gene and have a very lethargic argument. They make up in the Instagram app when Mel reveals that he, too, is a malfunction, explaining Gene's behavior. While traveling through Spotify, Jailbreak admits that she likes Gene just the way he is, and that he should not be ashamed of his malfunction. They make it to the trash and rescue Hi-5, but are soon attacked by a bot upgraded with illegal malware. They evade it by entangling its arms and enter Dropbox, where they encounter a firewall. After many tries, the gang get past it with a password being Addie's name and make it to the cloud, where Jailbreak prepares to reprogram Gene. Gene admits his feelings for Jailbreak, but she wishes to stick to her plan of venturing into the cloud, unintentionally causing Gene to revert to his apathetic programming out of heartbreak. The upgraded bot takes Gene, and Hi-5 and Jailbreak race after them on a Twitter bird summoned by Jailbreak in her princess form.
As Smiler prepares to delete Gene, Mel and Mary arrive. Mel reveals to everyone that he is also a malfunction, prompting Smiler to threaten deleting him as well. Jailbreak and Hi-5 arrive and disable the bot, which falls on top of Smiler. Alex has since taken his phone to the store and asks to have his phone erased to fix the problem. Out of desperation, Gene prepares to have himself texted to Addie, making numerous faces to express himself. Realizing that Addie received a text from him, Alex stops his phone from getting erased, saving the emoji and finally getting to speak with Addie, who likes the emoji Alex sent. Gene accepts himself for who he is and is celebrated by all of the emojis.
In a mid-credits scene, Smiler has been relegated to the "loser lounge" with the other unused and forgotten emojis for her crimes, wearing numerous braces due to her teeth being cracked by the bot, and playing and losing a game of Go Fish.
Voice cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
The film was inspired by director Tony Leondis' love of Toy Story.[22] Wanting to make a new take on the concept, he began asking himself, "What is the new toy out there that hasn't been explored?" At the same time, Leondis received a text message with an emoji, which helped him realize that this was the world he wanted to explore.[22] In fleshing out the story, Leondis considered having the emojis visit the real world. However, his producer felt that the world inside a phone was much more interesting, which inspired Leondis to create the story of where and how the emojis lived.[22] As Leondis is gay, he connected to Gene's plight of "being different in a world that expects you to be one thing," and in eventually realizing that the feeling held true for most people, Leondis has said the film "was very personal".[22]
In July 2015, it was announced that Sony Pictures Animation had won the bidding war against Warner Bros. and Paramount Pictures over production rights to make the film,[23] with the official announcement occurring at the 2016 CinemaCon.[24] The film was fast tracked into production by the studio after the bidding war. Unlike most other animated films, the film had a production time of 2 years, as there were concerns that the movie would become outdated due to the evolution of phone technology.[25]
Casting [ edit ]
On World Emoji Day on July 17, 2016, Miller was announced as the lead.[11] Leondis created the part with Miller in mind, although the actor was initially hesitant to play the role, only accepting after Leondis briefed him on the story.[26] Leondis chose Miller because "when you think of irrepressible, you think of TJ. But he also has this surprising ability to break your heart".[26] in addition Miller also contributed some re-writes.[27] In October 2016, it was announced that Ilana Glazer and Corden would join the cast as well.[6] Glazer was later replaced by Anna Faris.[12] According to Jordan Peele, he was initially offered the role of "Poop", which he would go on to state led to his decision to retire from acting.[28] The part would ultimately go to Patrick Stewart.
Music [ edit ]
The film's score was composed by Patrick Doyle, who previously composed the score for Leondis' 2008 film Igor. Singer Ricky Reed recorded an original song, "Good Vibrations", for the film.[29][30]
Release [ edit ]
In November 2015, Sony scheduled the film to be released on August 11, 2017.[31] A year later, it was moved to August 4, 2017, with Baby Driver initially taking its previous date.[32] In late March 2017, the film was moved one week earlier, to July 28, 2017, switching places with Sony Pictures' The Dark Tower.[33]
The film's theatrical release is preceded by Puppy!, a Hotel Transylvania short directed by Genndy Tartakovsky.[34][35]
Marketing [ edit ]
On December 20, 2016, a teaser trailer for the film was released, which received criticism from social media users,[36] collecting almost 22,000 "dislikes" against 4,000 "likes" within 24 hours of its release.[37][4] A second trailer was later released on May 16, 2017.[38][39] Sony promoted the release of the latter trailer by hosting a press conference in Cannes, the day before the 2017 Cannes Film Festival, which featured T. J. Miller parasailing in.[40] Variety called the event "slightly awkward",[41] and The Hollywood Reporter described it as "promotional ridiculousness".[40]
Sony Pictures was later criticized after the film's official Twitter account posted a promotional picture of a parody of The Handmaid's Tale, featuring Smiler. The parody was considered to be "tasteless" due to the overall themes of the work, and the image was deleted afterward.[42][43]
On July 17, 2017, the Empire State Building was lit “emoji yellow”[44][45] with Patrick Stewart, Maya Rudolph and Jake T. Austin attending the ceremony[46] alongside Girls Who Code and World Emoji Day creator Jeremy Burge.[47] On the same day, Director Anthony Leondis and Producer Michelle Raimo Kouyate joined Jeremy Burge and Jake T. Austin[48] to ring the closing bell of the New York Stock Exchange[49] and Saks Fifth Avenue hosted a promotional emoji red carpet event[50] at the Saks New York flagship store to promote branded Emoji Movie merchandise.[51][52]
On July 20, 2017, Sony Pictures invited YouTuber Jacksfilms (whom they considered "the [No. 1] fan of the Emoji Movie") to the world premiere three days later and sent him a package containing various Emoji Movie memorabilia including fidget spinners, face masks, and a plushie of the poop emoji. Jacksfilms had praised the movie for months prior, although it was ironic and he was actually making fun of the movie.[53][54]
Video game [ edit ]
The film's release was also preceded by a tie-in mobile game, titled POP FRENZY! The Emoji Movie Game, a free-to-play bubble shooter game that was released on iOS and Android, with optional in-app purchases.[55][56]
Home media [ edit ]
The Emoji Movie was released on Blu-ray and DVD on October 24, 2017, by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.[57]
Reception [ edit ]
Box office [ edit ]
The Emoji Movie grossed $86.1 million in the United States and Canada and $131.7 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $217.8 million, against a production budget of $50 million.[3]
In the United States and Canada, The Emoji Movie was released alongside Atomic Blonde, and was projected to gross around $20 million from 4,075 theaters in its opening weekend.[58] The film made $900,000 from Thursday night previews and $10.1 million on its first day.[59] It went on to debut to $24.5 million, finishing second at the box office behind Dunkirk.[60] It held the record for the worst opening for a film in over 4,000 theaters, until it was surpassed two weeks later by The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature, which had an opening of $8.3 million from 4,003 theaters.[61] In the film's second weekend, it dropped by nearly 50%, grossing $12.4 million and finishing in 3rd (behind The Dark Tower and Dunkirk).[62]
Review embargoes for the film were lifted midday July 27, only a few hours before the film premiered to the general public, in a move considered among one of several tactics studios are using to try to curb bad Rotten Tomatoes ratings.[63] Speaking of the effect embargoing reviews until last minute had on the film's debut, Josh Greenstein, Sony Pictures president of worldwide marketing and distribution, said, "The Emoji Movie was built for people under 18 ... so we wanted to give the movie its best chance. What other wide release with a score under 8 percent has opened north of $20 million? I don't think there is one."[63]
Critical response [ edit ]
The Emoji Movie was widely panned by film critics.[64][65][66] Several major outlets called it one of the worst films of 2017.[67] On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 7% based on 122 reviews, with an average rating of 2.7/10. The site's critical consensus displayed a no symbol emoji ("🚫") in place of text.[68] On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating to reviews, the film has a weighted average score of 12 out of 100, based on 26 critics, indicating "overwhelming dislike".[69] Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.[60]
David Ehrlich of IndieWire gave the film a D, writing: "Make no mistake, The Emoji Movie is very, very, very bad (we're talking about a hyperactive piece of corporate propaganda in which Spotify saves the world and Sir Patrick Stewart voices a living turd), but real life is just too hard to compete with right now."[70] Alonso Duralde of TheWrap was also critical of the film, calling it "a soul-crushing disaster because it lacks humor, wit, ideas, visual style, compelling performances, a point of view or any other distinguishing characteristic that would make it anything but a complete waste of your time".[20]
Glen Kenny of The New York Times described the film as "nakedly idiotic", stating that the film plays off a Hollywood idea that the "panderingly, trendily idiotic can be made to seem less so".[71] Owen Gleiberman of Variety lambasted the film as "hectic situational overkill" and "lazy" while viciously criticizing the film, writing: "There have been worse ideas, but in this case the execution isn't good enough to bring the notion of an emoji movie to funky, surprising life."[19] Writing in The Guardian, Charles Bramesco called the film "insidious evil" and wrote that it was little more than an exercise in advertising smartphone downloads to children.[72] Writing for the Hindustan Times, Aditya Dogra acknowledged that viewers had noticed the similarities of The Emoji Movie to Inside Out, The Lego Movie, and Wreck-It Ralph.[73]
Accolades [ edit ]
OAKLAND, Calif. -- With less than 13 minutes remaining in a blowout win over the New York Jets, Beast Mode switched to dance mode.
The home crowd loved it. The Jets didn't.
Several Jets players admitted they were embarrassed and angered by Marshawn Lynch's sideline dance, which was caught on the JumboTron. He grooved to "I'm really from Oakland," featuring Vell and DJ Mustard -- one of the highlight moments in the Oakland Raiders' 45-20 win Sunday at Oakland Alameda-Coliseum.
"It irks my ever-living nerves," linebacker Jordan Jenkins said. "When I saw it happening, it was infuriating. ... That pissed me off. I'm an old-school guy. I don't like when things like that happen. That was embarrassing, losing like that and having Marshawn dance like that.
"Great player, but seeing that happen, that should infuriate the whole team. It should infuriate everybody and we should have a good response coming into next Sunday."
Editor's Picks Happy homecoming: Lynch gets first Raider TD Marshawn Lynch scored his 75th career touchdown on Sunday. It was his first TD while playing for the Oakland Raiders, his hometown team, and his first since Nov. 15, 2015, when he was with Seattle.
Marshawn Lynch, Michael Crabtree key Raiders' laugher over Jets Marshawn Lynch scored his first touchdown since 2015 and Michael Crabtree tied a career best with three TD catches as Oakland improved to 2-0. 1 Related
The Jets were down 35-13 at the time of Lynch's sideline show. They were in a sour mood because their defense wound up allowing 400 total yards for the second straight week and the most points in 34 games under coach Todd Bowles.
"We're upset because it seems like he was rubbing it in our face," nose tackle Steve McLendon said. "But he's winning, man. He can do whatever he wants to do."
Linebacker Darron Lee added, "It's their house -- they can do whatever they want -- but as a competitor, as a defender, you don't like to see that type of stuff. It's demoralizing, but we have to bow up and keep fighting."
Lynch grew up in Oakland, and this was his first home game after coming out of retirement and signing with the Raiders. He rushed for 45 yards on 12 carries, including a 2-yard touchdown run that made it 21-10.
As usual, Lynch didn't have much to say afterward. Asked how it felt to electrify the crowd with his dance, he said, "It felt good."
Jenkins said he wasn't mad at Lynch, per se, just the situation.
"When you perform like that, when you beat a team like they did to us, you have to celebrate," he said. "It sucks being on the losing end of it, but that's football. That comes with it.
"You have to take losses like a man. Guys dancing around, you can get mad at them -- you're supposed to. That's football. You don't blame it on unsportsmanlike.
"He fights. He earned every bit of what he did today. I'm not going to take that away from him. Of course, I'm going to be pissed off at him for dancing like that, but that's sports. That's not unsportsmanlike at all."
The Bears are back, folks. The Steelers didn't show up to stand for the National Anthem, which appeared to carry over for the rest of the game, with the Bears beating the Steelers 23-17 in overtime on Sunday. Jordan Howard lead the way with 138 rushing yards and the game winning touchdown run.
The Human Joystick Tarik Cohen also contributed with over 100 all purpose yards. Besides the two backs, the Bears were able to escape with a win without any other real help on the offensive end. Mike Glennon threw for only 101 yards, with only 9 (fucking 9) yards going to a wide receiver. It is unbelievable that they were able to get a win against the Steelers with this kind of numbers. On the flip side, the defense was able to hold their own, containing Leveon Bell to only 61 yards rushing. A big takeaway from Sunday's game was what was perhaps one of the worst plays in Chicago Bears history. The Bears blocked a Pittsburgh field goal with time running out in the first half. Defensive back Marcus Cooper had the ball fall in his hands, giving him a free runway for a HUGE touchdown to end the half. Instead of running in for six, Cooper started walking like a fucking mad man at around the 10-yard line, not reaching the pay dirt until a Steelers defenseman was able to strip the ball and knock it out of the end zone. The Bears were able to kick a field goal before time expired.
Marcus Cooper might need to listen to his own advice pic.twitter.com/ygvtVkUN3U — Mitch Trubisky (@TRUTHbisky) September 24, 2017
THE EPIC FAIL OF THE NFL SEASON!!!! MARCUS COOPER BEING AN IDIOT IS EVEN BETTER WITH "TITANIC MUSIC"!!!!!! 😂😂😂 🏈🚢🎶 pic.twitter.com/9mRQo95n7g — 🏈🚢🎶TITANIC TD🏈🚢🎶 (@TitanicTD) September 24, 2017
One of the most idiotic things I've ever seen on a football field. Couldn't get more Bears than that. While the win was huge on multiple fronts, it may have hindered the possibilities that the team has moving forward. The Bears at times (Cooper play the PERFECT example) looked like they were literally throwing the game away. Mike Glennon, in particular, played especially awful. John Fox (who got his first September win as the Bears coach today believe it or not) is going to have to make a decision whether he wants to be as mediocre as it gets or throw Trubiskey out there and see what he can do. As a whole, the Bears have shown that they are able to at least compete with pretty much any team out there, but they are simply going to need more out of the quarterback position if they are going to win games. Next week vs Green Bay is going to be a BIG test to see if they are actually able to consistently compete at a high level.
Advertisements
Firefly F Mk I 'Lucy Quipment' of the 1771 Sqd, HMS Implacable, 1945.
Camouflage created by cerbera15 | ​Download here
The Fairey Firefly was the Royal Navy's last wartime Carrier-borne two seat fighters designed to serve in the Fleet Air Arm. It was proficient in the fighter-bomber, ground strike, anti-shipping and anti-submarine roles. A true multirole aircraft in every sense of the word, from its early variants the Firefly would go on to even see combat service in the Korean War of the 1950s.
In War Thunder:
X-ray view of the Firefly F Mk I
Within War Thunder the Firefly F Mk I is a Tier III aircraft situated early on in the Fleet Air Arm line. The distinctive feature of the Firefly Mk I is its characteristic chin radiator that supports the powerful Rolls-Royce Griffon engine, later variants of which can also be seen on the late model Spitfire and Seafires. The aircraft is one of the first examples of a 4 cannon fighter aircraft available to pilots and boasts an impressive array of external weaponry to complement this. Despite its 4 x 20mm Hispano Mk II cannons, its biggest weakness as a fighter is It's incredibly scarce ammunition supply of just 240 rounds for all 4 cannons. This requires pilots of the Firefly to be extremely conservative with their trigger discipline should they operate this aircraft solely as a fighter in combat. Alternatively the Firefly can mount 2 x 250lb, 2 x 500lb or 2 x 1000lb bombs with one under each wing. The final weapon upgrade, HRC Mk 8, allows for the instillation of 8 x 76mm RP-3 rockets, further boosting its ground attack capabilities.
Mk 1 Firefly skin, made by
WalkableBuffalo | ​Download here
The Firefly often struggles in initial climbing due to the heavy weight and large size of the aircraft. Once engaged however, the Firefly's “Ace” combat advantage is its exceptional two stage combat flaps. Unlike most aircraft where the flap simply deploys from the wing, the Firefly's flaps actually swing back to enlarge the wing surface as a whole and create much more lift.
This allows it to turn exceptionally well at low speeds without external ordnance attached and makes landings very simple to perform even on carriers. Coupled with a wide track and durable undercarriage, the Firefly rounds off to be a very forgiving aircraft to fly.
In History:
Firefly F Mk I equipped with rockets awaiting takeoff.
The Firefly originated as a replacement for both the Blackburn Skua and Fairey Fulmar designs. The tried and tested concept of having two crew, a pilot and an observer, proved to be effective for long range missions where the aircraft would be airborne for an extended period of time. However, the origins of this crew composition were far less well thought out as some of its other features; the late interwar period saw the British Admiralty insists on two crewmembers for any naval aircraft other than those intended for point defense, as it was felt that the complexities of over-sea navigation were too complicated for a pilot to carry out whilst simultaneously controlling the aircraft. This would however limit the performance of the aircraft due to the extra weight and size. First taking to the skies in 1941, the Firefly had an impressive 4 x 20mm cannons; a massive improvement over the Fulmar's 8 x 0.303 inch (7.7mm) Browning Machine guns. The first model was to use a Rolls-Royce Griffon IIB engine that was a significant boost over the Fulmar's Rolls-Royce Merlin.
A Firefly on board HMS
Indefatigable, January 1945.
Early on, the Firefly had a rough start before finally reaching naval squadrons in 1943 and becoming fully operational in 1944. As well as taking part on the Tirpitz attacks - providing cover and support - the aircraft mainly served with the British Pacific Fleet. Proving its worth in this theatre of operation, the Firefly continued in service and was refined in later models to greatly improve the performance. Fireflies of the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm would once again see service over the skies of Korea in 1950 alongside Seafires and Sea Furies before finally being retired in 1956 after a lengthy career. The Firefly would also serve with several other navies including the Royal Canadian Navy, Royal Netherlands Navy and Royal Australian Navy to name only a few. The Firefly would ultimately bow out of service well into the age of jets only to be replaced with this new breed of naval aircraft and another Fairey designed aircraft, the Gannet.
Scott “Smin1080p” Maynard
In one of the following Updates, we will include the "Evelyn Tentions"
inscription and Emblem of No. 771 Naval Air Squadron, Fleet Air Arm of the Royal Navy:
Decals made by Colin 'Fenris' Muir & Jej 'CharlieFoxtrot' Ortiz
Have you had the pleasure of experiencing the Firefly F Mk I?
How did you find it? Let us know in the comments!
The War Thunder Team
In the fall of 2015, a grassy quadrangle at the center of the University of Missouri became known nationwide as the command center of an escalating protest.
Students complaining of official inaction in the face of racial bigotry joined forces with a graduate student on a hunger strike. Within weeks, with the aid of the football team, they had forced the university system president and the campus chancellor to resign.
It was a moment of triumph for the protesting students. But it has been a disaster for the university.
Freshman enrollment at the Columbia campus, the system's flagship, has fallen by more than 35 percent in the two years since.
{snip}
Before the protests, the university, fondly known as Mizzou, was experiencing steady growth and building new dormitories. Now, with budget cuts due to lost tuition and a decline in state funding, the university is temporarily closing seven dormitories and cutting more than 400 positions, including those of some nontenured faculty members, through layoffs and by leaving open jobs unfilled.
Few areas have been spared: The library is even begging for books.
{snip}
Students of all races have shunned Missouri, but the drop in freshman enrollment last fall was strikingly higher among blacks, at 42 percent, than among whites, at 21 percent.
{snip}
A plant sciences professor, Craig Roberts, said that Missouri was suffering not because it was more racist than other places, but because the rage that had been repressed on other campuses burst into the open.
“It was sparked at Mizzou by Ferguson,” Mr. Roberts said.
Ferguson, Mo., of course, is where the killing of an unarmed young black man, Michael Brown, by a police officer in 2014 became a national symbol of tension between the police and minority communities. Ferguson, just a two-hour drive away, was still a fresh memory in September 2015, when Payton Head, the student association president, posted on Facebook that people riding in the back of a pickup truck had continuously screamed racial slurs at him.
The post went viral and the outcry escalated through what has become known in the protest world as “intersectionality,” grievances that gain potency by being bundled together. There were demonstrations against racism, and to support Planned Parenthood, which was under attack by state lawmakers.
Days later a drunken white student jumped onstage during a rehearsal by an African-American group and used a racial slur.
This was followed by the failure of the university president, Timothy M. Wolfe, to get out of his car to speak with demonstrators during the homecoming parade in October, drawing accusations of indifference. Then the swastika appeared.
A movement, Concerned Student 1950, commemorating the year the first black student was admitted to the university, grew out of the protests and set up a tent city. On Nov. 2, a graduate student, Jonathan Butler, began a hunger strike, spurred by the complaints of racial animosity and official inaction, as well as a cut in graduate student health care funding.
Over the weekend of Nov. 7, the football team, led by its black players, said it would not practice or play unless Mr. Wolfe resigned. It was the last straw. On Nov. 9, Mr. Wolfe resigned as system president, and the chancellor of the Columbia campus, R. Bowen Loftin, also announced he was stepping down. Mr. Butler ended his hunger strike.
As the protests continued to boil, demonstrators tried to block the news media from the encampment, and Melissa Click, a communications professor, called for “some muscle” to oust a student taking a video of the confrontation.
{snip}
The university received a barrage of emails from alumni and families, some of which were published by National Review and Heat Street, a conservative news site.
In one, the parents of a junior wrote that while they did not underestimate the extent of bigotry in the world, “the way to effect change is NOT by resorting to the type of mob rule that's become apparent over the past few days.”
The university, they added, had shown a “complete lack of leadership,” and their two younger children had “all but eliminated Mizzou from their college list.”
The email was forwarded to Ellen de Graffenreid, vice chancellor for marketing and communications, with a brief note saying, “I'm sure you already know this but you have a P.R. nightmare on your hands.” Ms. de Graffenreid, in turn, forwarded it to other administrators with a note saying, “This is pretty representative of the middle of the road people we are losing.”
{snip}
Some faculty members are still hoping that the situation can be turned around.
“I think we squandered a rare opportunity that we had to be a local, regional, national, global leader in terms of showing how a university can deal with its problems, including related to race relations,” Berkley Hudson, a journalism professor, said.
The protests could have been turned into an asset — a chance to celebrate diversity. “We still can,” he said.
Original Article
Share This
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) with his kids after addressing supporters at his caucus-night party Monday in Des Moines. (Pete Marovich/Getty Images)
Marco Rubio's surprisingly strong showing in the Iowa caucuses reshuffled the already intense competition here in New Hampshire among the Republican establishment candidates, leading some to sharpen their attacks on the freshman senator from Florida ahead of next week's primary.
The sense of urgency was on display here Tuesday as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie belittled Rubio's toughness, his intelligence and even his manhood.
“Maybe he'll do more than 40 minutes on a little stage telling everybody his canned speech that he's memorized,” Christie said to reporters, mocking Rubio's tightly controlled campaign appearances. “This isn't a student council election, everybody. This is an election for president of the United States. Let's get the boy in the bubble out of the bubble.”
Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, meanwhile, expanded his line of attacks beyond Donald Trump to include Rubio and Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.), the winner of Monday night's Iowa contest. Bush said at a town hall meeting in Rindge that Rubio, 44, and Cruz, 45, did not have the “life experience” to be president and questioned whether either had ever sacrificed his personal ambition for the public good.
For the past six weeks, the four mainstream GOP candidates — also including Ohio Gov. John Kasich — have looked to New Hampshire as their proving ground. But the calculus of all four was changed by Iowa, where the three with gubernatorial experience each finished in low single digits while Rubio surged to within one percentage point of Trump, who came in second.
The Fix's Chris Cillizza explains where Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz and other presidential candidates stand after Iowa's caucus and what's next going into the New Hampshire primary. (Whitney Leaming/The Washington Post)
With only one week until the New Hampshire primary and the potential that voters here could effectively eliminate some candidates from the nomination battle, the stakes are high and the tone is increasingly confrontational.
“It is a dog-eat-dog, hand-to-hand combat up here,” said Steve Duprey, a Republican National Committee member from New Hampshire. “These guys are going to be scrapping it out until the final minute. At stake is a ticket out of New Hampshire.”
[The inside story of how Ted Cruz outfoxed Donald Trump]
Going all in
In past election years, New Hampshire Republicans have not followed the lead of Iowa in making their choices. Mike Dennehy, a New Hampshire-based GOP strategist, said the dynamics of the race among the establishment candidates here could be affected by the order of finish in the Hawkeye State.
“I think this year is different,” Dennehy said. “There are so many candidates this year that they are looking for help, and I think Iowa did that last night.”
That puts enormous pressure on Bush, Kasich and Christie.
“The establishment candidates who have gone all in in New Hampshire are making their last stand,” said Republican strategist Steve Schmidt. “Bush, Kasich and Christie have to knock Marco Rubio down in New Hampshire and steal his spot for a rationale for their campaigns to exist.”
1 of 43 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × What it looked like on the ground in Iowa for the caucuses View Photos A few hundred thousand Iowa residents gather in a couple thousand caucus sites and finally, finally kick-start the presidential nomination process. Caption A few hundred thousand Iowa residents gather in a couple thousand caucus sites and finally, finally kick-start the presidential nomination process. Feb. 1, 2016 Sen. Ted Cruz speaks during his election night watch party at the Iowa State Fairgrounds in Des Moines. Cruz placed first in the voting. Cassi Alexandra/For The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
But Dennehy said Rubio's performance in Iowa also heightens the stakes here for the senator. “He has to push those [other establishment] candidates down to get into a strong second-place showing,” he said. “Third place just isn't good enough for him. You've got to show progress and momentum.”
Rubio's advisers said they are optimistic he will be able to do just that.
“We're not sneaking up on anybody anymore,” said a senior Rubio campaign official who requested anonymity to talk about the post-Iowa environment. “Folks have figured out that Marco is a candidate who connects with voters and who closes strong. He's got momentum.”
Rubio returned to New Hampshire early Tuesday, arriving before dawn and visiting a Manchester diner during the breakfast hour. He was upbeat and said he hoped to replicate his Iowa success in next Tuesday's New Hampshire primary.
[The Fix: The winners and losers of the Iowa caucuses]
When a supporter presented Rubio with some cigars, the son of Cuban immigrants responded playfully.
“Let's hide them, guys. I used to smoke a little cigar here and there,” he said, adding that he didn't want to be a bad influence on his young children but that a celebration may soon be in order. “Maybe we'll save them for Tuesday night,” Rubio said, referring to the Feb. 9 primary.
Prior to Iowa, recent New Hampshire polls showed Bush, Cruz, Kasich and Rubio in a statistical tie for second place, with Christie trailing a few points behind. Trump has long led the field by roughly 20 percentage points.
Last chances?
Next Tuesday's primary is expected to help winnow the chaotic Republican field, affirming one or two establishment candidates as the consensus choices for party donors and other leaders when the nominating contest heads to a slew of Southern states.
“One of them is going to emerge as the leader here,” said Meg Whitman, the chief executive of Hewlett-Packard and a Republican donor who campaigned with Christie on Tuesday in New Hampshire. “I think there will be a natural winnowing.”
The establishment-friendly candidates are comforted by the fact that many New Hampshire voters tend not to settle on a candidate until days before the primary. Noting that time is running out, Kasich said to laughter at a town hall meeting in Newbury, “All you undecideds, knock it off!”
[Iowa caucus election results]
Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio), a Kasich supporter who knows the state from his years at Dartmouth College, said: “New Hampshire attempts to be a place where presidential campaigns get launched. Iowa is important, but when you look at the results over the last several elections, it tends to be New Hampshire winners who go on to the general election.”
Bush, who has been humbled since falling out of the top tier of candidates last year, has labored to mount a comeback in New Hampshire. He is beginning what aides describe as a “dogfight” to finish second to Trump, whom they expect will win the primary.
Bush will lean on the popularity of his mother, former first lady Barbara Bush. He will appear with her on the campaign trail in coming days, and with Columba Bush, his publicity-shy wife, who has been huddling privately with local residents.
A key component of Bush's strategy here is negative advertising, something for which his aides will not apologize. The campaign said Tuesday it was buying two-minute chunks of television air time for its toughest ad yet against Trump, part of a $4.5 million New Hampshire advertising blitz.
Kasich, meanwhile, vowed Tuesday to stay positive, calling on his opponents to stop airing negative ads and to urge their super PACs to do the same.
“I just think it will work for me by being positive, and I wish all of them would just knock it off and let's just judge who's got the best program and the best plan and the best message and the most town halls,” Kasich told reporters in Newbury.
But rivals complain the positive tone does not extend to Kasich's super PAC, or even to his own operation. Kasich's chief strategist, John Weaver, said that when Kasich is attacked, the campaign will respond in kind.
Of Rubio, he said, “I'm not going to go as far as Chris Christie, but Rubio's not somebody that likes the ad hoc atmosphere of campaigns.”
One thing all four campaigns agreed on is that it was anybody's game — and that New Hampshire voters are predictably unpredictable.
“New Hampshire Republicans are the most powerful people in the world right now, bar none,” Christie said at a town hall meeting in Epping. “You're going to take this race from 11 candidates probably down to four or five. . . . Exercise it with great care.”
Balz reported from Newbury. Ed O'Keefe in Rindge and Sean Sullivan and Robert Costa in Manchester contributed to this report.
The Top 8 MMO Catastrophes Caused by their Players
MMOs, or Massively Multiplayer Online Games, are some of the most popular video games of this era. Some, like the World of Warcraft or Everquest have economies and populations larger than some countries. That's pretty damned impressive. With all games, especially online ones, there's a certain amount of adjusting that needs to be done on a regular basis. Sometimes there's a goal or a monster that's insurmountable, other times they're too easy. Sometimes it's the players themselves who have to be adjusted and balanced. And there are always plenty of software bugs and exploits that need to be found and eliminated.
For the most part, most MMOs operate pretty smoothly on a day-to-day basis, which is good, since they're active 24/7, and most times bugs and exploits are stopped before they become big problems, but those big problems do happen, make no mistake. Crashes and glitches can be devastating to an MMO's subscription base, and enough of them can drive players away from the game.
But sometimes it's not a problem with the programming that causes huge disasters in an MMO. Sometimes it's the players themselves, being jackasses that can bring an MMO to it's knees. It's in this spirit that I present the Top 8 MMO Catastrophes Caused by Players.
And yes, I do realize that if it weren't for the games' programmers, most of these list items wouldn't exist, but it's the players involved in these sordid tales that actively sought out ways to make their fellows' lives a living hell, at least as far as the game goes.
8. You Can't Have End of World - The Matrix Online
Ahh, the Matrix Online; a game where you play a person who is living inside a computer simulation. If you managed to find a copy of the Matrix Online while playing in the Matrix Online you could have potentially set in motion a series of events that would lead to you spontaneously combusting IRL, or was that in the game...I forget.
Seriously though, the Matrix Online was released in 2005 and really failed to catch on. I guess those two shitfest sequel films really turned people away from the property or something. By the summer of 2009, Sony decided to shut down the servers for good and finally put a bullet in the brain that was the mortally wounded playerbase.
What better way to end a game than to throw an End-of-Game event right? The developers of the Matrix Online decided to give everybody a huge number of abilities for a short amount of time before killing off every player simultaneously. The downside? The Matrix didn't really have a huge number of active players, but everybody who did have subscription was on that night, and they all had access to the most powerful, and graphically intensive abilities in the game.
The end result was chaos. Computers became unable to process the huge amounts of information coming their way. The chat log became clogged with last minute insults. Griefers ran around killing people with a single hit. It was anarchy, and what's worst of all, everybody experienced it as a slideshow.
Still, it beats The Matrix: Revolutions.
7. Thanks for Supporting Us, Now Go Away - Darkfall
With an 8 and 1/2 year development cycle, Darkfall was one of the most anticipated MMORPGs of 2009. It boasted lush graphics, intense PVP action and a robust system behind it all. What people got was substantially less than advertised, but that's not why they're on this list.
Darkfall's problems started even before the game was released. It was just too damned popular for it's own good. Mind you, that's not a terrible problem to have. People found themselves unable to preorder the game and if you couldn't get a copy of the game before-hand, you were out of luck.
People should only play games when nobody else is playing them to enhance the experience.
Unfortunately, the creators didn't anticipate that every person who bought Darkfall would want to play it, and despite having full knowledge of the number of copies that were floating around out there before launch day, there just wasn't the server capacity to hold all of them. The result was a disaster. Every player coming on to try out the game on launch day was another person causing problems on the server.
One at a time goddamnit! This is an MMO, not happy hour!
6. Shut the Fuck Up Already! - PlayStation Home
To say that PlayStation Home was anticipated is an understatement. It had been hinted at and teased out in such a way that when it finally did see release, most PlayStation 3 owners hopped right on. It was a wonderful experience to begin to build a room and head out into the detailed (albeit small) world that had been created for players to interact in.
And Sony took security very seriously. Curse words and racial slurs were censored automatically so they wouldn't appear in the chat bubbles that began popping up all over the place. One problem though.
Sony couldn't censor what people were saying through their microphones.
It's safe to say that the vast majority of assholes in online games play first-person shooters, and most of those games encourage the use of microphones to help develop group tactics. So it came to the shock of absolutely nobody when these people began hopping on PlayStation Home and bringing their particular brand of trash talk with them.
After about a week of seeing crudely typed curse words and hearing 12 year olds with amplified microphones and huge distortion screaming the word 'fuck' screamed at the top of their lungs for hours on end, Sony decided to finally do something about it and began banning troublemakers. Now PlayStation Home is no longer Mos Eisley bad, it's now just Chuckie Cheese in New Jersey bad.
5. Being a Prick 101 - City of Heroes
Being an asshole comes easy to some people. Others have to work at it, and what better way to learn how than from a University Professor. David Myers of Loyola University decided to find out just how much of an asshole he could be while playing City of Heroes, and then, likely in a bid to get the university to pay his subscription fees, made a behavioral study out of it.
Calling himself Twixt, Professor Myers began playing by the rules, killing villains (other players) using a teleportation power to relocate them directly in front of a firing squad. Understandably this made him extremely unpopular.
Villain-characters would attack Twixt in large groups to attempt to drive Myers from the game. When that failed, they began attacking him with *gasp* words! They sent him threatening messages, attacked him on forums, and when Myers took a short break from the game, reported that he had been banned permanently for using a racial slur.
The professor used the abuse he received from angry players to publish a paper: Play and Punishment: The Sad and Curious Case of Twixt (doc file).
The name Twixt still drums up butt-hurt feelings from City of Heroes players to this day. Not bad for a professor.
Did you like this article? Then try:
"All good things have endings," sang The Get Up Kids, many moons ago. And so it came to pass: in the midst of a tumultuous European tour four years into these millennia the band made the decision to call it a day, finally bowing out with a sold-out show in their hometown of Kansas City the following year. Though a slew of other projects followed, hearts were broken across the land, and the group's influence is widely acknowledged amongst the many acts who fall under the 'emo' banner of today.
As you're no doubt well aware by this point however, their story isn't quite finished yet. Come September 7th, Something To Write Home About will be given the tenth anniversary reissue treatment courtesy of long-time label Vagrant, and in celebration of this milestone release the band are hitting the road for a series of dates in Europe and the US.
Excited? We most definitely, definitely are. In this age of reunions big and small, The Get Up Kids' decision to get back together is one that warms the cockles of this writer's heart. We caught up with founding member Jim Suptic for the lowdown…
These dates and the reissue of Something To Write Home About have been on the cards for a while now – since around a year ago, I think? So, the glaringly obvious first question is: why now?
It all started with a few band meetings. We really needed to get our band's finances in order. During these meetings everyone was getting along really well and the idea of a tour came up. I think we all decided it would be fun. So far so good…we feel like the reasons we broke up in the first place don't matter anymore. If we can tour, why shouldn't we?
How do you feel about going back on the road proper – are you looking forward to it? From what I understand you guys were fairly burnt out when you made the decision to disband back in 2004...
Everyone is in a totally different place than we were five years ago. Better places. It's more about having fun than running a business, which I think is what happened before. And yes, I am very excited.
Every member of the band has remained active in some capacity since the split. Have you been keeping up with each other's projects and activities – and with each other, in general?
It was hard when everyone lived all across America. I also have a two-year-old daughter which takes up most of my time. Since we have been practicing it's been great to hang out with everyone [but] when we split up we really needed a break from each other.
How do you feel about the 'emo' tag that Something To Write Home About led to? And what about that word, 'emo' – the connotations have certainly changed some over the years, pre- and post-Get Up Kids.
Honestly, I don't often think about the state of 'emo'. The punk scene we came out of and the punk scene now are completely different. It's like glam rock now. We played the Bamboozle fests this year and we felt really out of place. I could name maybe three bands we played with. It was just a sea of neon shirts to us. If this is the world we helped create, then I apologise.
And what do you think of the myriad bands who have sprung up in your wake, often to far greater commercial success? Certain acts have been particularly vocal in acknowledging the debt they owe you...
I think I summed it up in the last question. If a band gets huge and they say we inspired them, great. The problem is most of them aren't very good. What does that say about us? I don't know. Maybe we sucked. We at least can play our instruments.
What music have you been listening to of late – has anything really jumped out at you?
Pains of Being Pure at Heart, Phoenix, Grizzly Bear, the new Sonic Youth record.
And taking things back a step or two, who were the bands you consider pivotal in helping form The Get Up Kids' sound?
Fugazi is the reason I am in a band today. When I was 14 I heard Fugazi and started a band the next day. We grew up on indie rock. Superchunk, Rocket from the Crypt, Sunny Day Real Estate, Cap'n Jazz. That's the kind of stuff we were listening to when we started.
In broad terms (as it's something of a huge question), what's your feeling about the music industry in 2009 compared to how it was when you formed, in 1995?
As someone who started a new band after The Get Up Kids I can tell you it is a lot harder in some ways. There are so many bands out there, how do you find what's good? On the other hand there are so many outlets for you to be heard. I also think digital recording is killing live music. Bands that suck can make themselves sound decent with things like autotune. Then they play live and it's a train wreck.
I'm keen to get your seven years' hence take on On A Wire. (Much like The Promise Ring's Wood/Water LP, it feels like that album never really got its dues.)
We have always been a band that is not afraid to change. That's one problem I have with the punk scene. Punk is an attitude and an ethic, not a sound, yet some people in the scene want white bread all the time. What's wrong with trying a new flavour? I think the songs from On A Wire are strong. I am proud of that album.
What sort of sets can we expect from the dates? Is 'Campfire Kansas' likely to get an airing?
We will play 'Campfire Kansas'. We are going to try to play a good mix of all the records, with an emphasis on STWHA.
And finally, I know a lot of people are wondering if plans extend any further than the reissue and tour...?
I hope so. Ask me again in about 50 shows…
---
We hope so too. Something To Write Home About is reissued through Vagrant on September 7th with a bonus DVD featuring a live show recorded in the band's hometown of Kansas City (expect a review on DiS nearer the time). Until then, feel free to scope the European tour dates below while coming over all dewy-eyed at 'Action And Action' (rest assured, that half-speed drop-in near the end sounds as sweet as ever).
August
16 Kingston Peel
17 Birmingham Academy 2
18 Manchester Academy 2
19 London Electric Ballroom
20 Frankfurt Batschkapp
21 Pukkelpop Festival
22 Luedingshausen Area 4
23 Hamburg Uebel & Gefaehrlich
25 Berlin Postbahnhof
26 Erlangen E-Werk
27 Munich Backstage
28 Zurich Abart
29 Eastpak Etnika Festival
30 Bologna Estragon
Köln -
In der Silvesternacht soll es im Bereich des Hauptbahnhofs (HBF) zu mehreren sexuellen Übergriffen auf Frauen gekommen sein. Entsprechende Berichte waren am Neujahrstag in sozialen Netzwerken aufgetaucht.
Eine Betroffene meldete sich auch beim EXPRESS. Die junge Frau (28) war gegen 0.45 Uhr mit zwei Freundinnen und einem Bekannten am Bahnhof angekommen und wollte zu einer Party im Alten Wartesaal.
Die eine Freundin lief mit ihrem Freund eingehakt durch eine große Gruppe, die aus jungen Männern bestanden haben soll. Die beiden anderen Frauen liefen nebeneinander aus dem Bahnhof. „Wir beiden wurden sofort massiv angefasst, an den Brüsten und im Intimbereich. Die Männer lachten, griffen uns in die Haare und behandelten uns wie Freiwild. Wir schlugen um uns, weinten und hatten große Panik. Es war Horror.“
Die Frauen sprachen am Wartesaal die Polizei an, die sofort mit rund zehn Mann zu der Gruppe lief.
Folgen hatten die Belästigungen nicht, denn die Opfer hätten sich aufgrund der Panik kaum merken können, wer sie wann wie oft und an welchen Stellen angefasst hatte.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption The leak from Panama firm Mossack Fonseca revealed how wealth was hidden offshore
EU nations have agreed to draw up a blacklist of tax havens in the wake of the Panama Papers leaks.
Finance ministers have endorsed the move, which is to be completed by the end of the summer.
The European Commission says nations on the tax blacklist should be sanctioned if appeals for change go unheeded.
The leak of millions of files from Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca revealed how the rich and powerful use tax havens to hide their wealth.
Full coverage: Panama Papers
Plans for a single EU list of "non-cooperative jurisdictions" have been blocked in the past by conflicting national interests.
Currently the 28 EU states have different national lists of tax havens and can decide individually whether to impose restrictive measures.
Negotiations on the new common list are expected to be complex and the number of jurisdictions to be included remains unclear.
Ministers have also agreed to exchange information on the beneficial owners of companies and the EU is planning a crackdown on banks and tax advisers who help clients hide money offshore.
"What we are seeing is incredible momentum," said Peter Lee, director of Covered California, the nation's largest state insurance marketplace, which accounted for a third of all enrollments nationally in October. California—which enrolled about 31,000 people in health plans last month—nearly doubled that in the first two weeks of this month. Several other states, including Connecticut and Kentucky, are outpacing their enrollment estimates, even as states that depend on the federal website lag far behind. In Minnesota, enrollment in the second half of October ran at triple the rate of the first half, officials said. Washington state is also on track to easily exceed its October enrollment figure, officials said.
This should be the day's leading Obamacare news: enrollements across the country are surging, coming in ahead of projections in states across the country.Enrollments are moving at a faster clip than during October in these, despite the fact that some people are confused by the problems the federal site has had, not sure if the sites in their own states are working. Covered California's director said that the state has had to change its marketing to remind people that the state site wasn't the same as the federal site, and was working just fine.
Unfortunately, so far enrollments on the federal site are still lagging. For example, just 2,991 people in Texas were able to complete enrollment in October, fewer than Kentucky, which has a sixth of Texas' population. But there's better news on the federal site front today, as well. HealthCare.gov is now working for 90 percent of users who have tried again to sign up. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services updated reporters Monday with the news that the site was functioning better, and that it had sent out 275,000 emails to people who had started to create accounts, but couldn't get through the process. CMS says that 90 percent of those people who tried again got all the way through the process. So far in November, 50,000 people have selected a plan in the federal site, up from 27,000 for the entire month of October.
Many people are likely still in window-shopping mode, and enrollments should pick up even more—both on the state sites and the federal site—in the last week or two before the December 15 deadline for insurance to be in place on January 1, and then again in February and March before the final deadline. The Massachusetts experience provides the best model for enrollment patterns, and in the first four months of enrollment just about one-fifth of the uninsured population enrolled.
The people will come. They're not freaked out over what most people perceive as inevitable: a problematic new government program. They're not abandoning support for the program in droves. They're not calling for an end to the program. They're patient enough to give it time to work, even if Republicans and the traditional media are not.
ISDS is a feature of trade deals, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership
WASHINGTON, D.C., May 12, 2015: A group of legal and economic luminaries have signed a letter to Congressional leaders urging them to oppose Investor-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) provisions in proposed trade deals. Under ISDS, foreign corporations can challenge government actions they allege threaten their investments not in that nation's courts, but before a panel of private arbitrators. The letter was coordinated by Alliance for Justice.
Prof. Laurence Tribe, the Carl M. Loeb University Professor of Constitutional Law at Harvard; Judith Resnik, Arthur Liman professor of law at Yale Law School; Cruz Reynoso, professor of law emeritus at the University of California, Davis School of Law and a former associate justice of the California Supreme Court; H. Lee Sarokin, former United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit; and Joseph E. Stiglitz university professor, Columbia University signed the letter.
They join more than 100 other distinguished legal scholars and U.S. Senators such as Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and Jeff Merkley, D-Ore. in expressing outspoken opposition to ISDS.
“The concerns raised today by the President's mentor and friend, Professor Laurence Tribe, and by Nobel prize-winning economist Joe Stiglitz echo the concerns of Hillary Clinton and many other top legal and economic minds in this country,” said Sen. Warren. “ISDS undermines the rule of law and is one more tool corporations can use to undermine public health and safety rules that hurt their bottom line. It has no place in American trade agreements.”
“It's unacceptable to provide foreign corporations special legal rights to challenge our laws in international tribunals, outside of the U.S. legal system, run and staffed by corporate lawyers,” Sen. Merkley said. “These Investor-State Dispute Settlement provisions are a very real threat to U.S. sovereignty and to the laws that protect Americans' health, pocketbooks, and environment, and any trade deal that includes them should be rejected.”
In the new letter, the authors write that “Our legal system rests on the conviction that every individual, regardless of wealth or power, has an equal right to bring a case to court.”
In addition, they note, ISDS decisions cannot be appealed in a court of law, and ISDS arbitrators don't have to follow precedent. And in many cases, they write, “there is a revolving door between serving on ISDS arbitration panels and representing corporations bringing ISDS claims.”
The authors also note that “the threat and expense of ISDS proceedings have forced nations to abandon important public policies,” citing examples including a decision by Canada to lift a ban on a toxic gasoline additive – and pay a $13 million settlement to the corporation that wants to put it in gasoline – rather than go through the ISDS process.
They conclude that ISDS “represents investors taking advantage of a special legal right available only to them in an alternate legal system.”
This makes me angrier than it should:
Vice-president elect Mike Pence went to see the hip-hop musical “Hamilton” on Broadway Friday night, and the performance was disrupted when the audience wouldn't stop booing him. Upon arrival at the Richard Rodgers Theater, he was loudly booed — although some audience members also cheered him on. As journalist Mark Harris pointed out on Twitter, playgoers are typically largely tourists from other areas.
Here's Pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at Hamilton pic.twitter.com/IRQG68x1sB — David K (@dkipke12) November 19, 2016
More from the story:
At the end of the show, the cast addressed his presence, with Brandon Victor Dixon saying “Vice President Elect Pence, welcome. Thank you for joining us at Hamilton-An American Musical. We are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We hope this show has inspired you to uphold our American values, and work on behalf of ALL of us.”
Video of this:
Tonight, VP-Elect Mike Pence attended #HamiltonBway. After the show, @BrandonVDixon delivered the following statement on behalf of the show. pic.twitter.com/Jsg9Q1pMZs — Hamilton (@HamiltonMusical) November 19, 2016
Such repulsive sanctimony from the cast and from the audience. The man was elected vice president of the United States, and this is how they treat him.
Don't think people outside your cultural bubble aren't noticing all this, taking note, and learning. You think your emotions and your passion entitles you to crap on everybody else, and not even to show them basic respect. You people saw about ten days ago where that gets you, but you won't stop and can't stop politicizing everything, filling it with your spite, even a night out at the theater.
You are taking America to the brink.
UPDATE:
Trump/Pence are appointing white nationalists & planning to gut civil & women's rights. Shame on us if we ever STOP booing. #Hamilton — Jessica Valenti (@JessicaValenti) November 19, 2016
UPDATE.2: FYI, Brandon Ambrosino is gay.
That lecture was like to-camera messages at the end of a “very special episode,” of an 80s sitcom. A confession that the ‘art' wasn't enough https://t.co/Al43OrtRjG — Michael B Dougherty? (@michaelbd) November 19, 2016
Brandon's point is a good one. Let's say Hillary Clinton had been elected, and Tim Kaine showed up at a church service, at which he was booed. After delivering a pro-life sermon, the priest took it upon himself to lecture from the pulpit the vice president-elect as he was trying to leave quietly, and sought to shame him into being sensitive to the views and interests of pro-lifers. Would that have stood a chance of changing Tim Kaine's mind? Or would he have left resolved never to darken the door of churches like that in the future?
When Kim Thompson's $91,000 student loan balance was cancelled due total disability, she thought she had put at least one of her problems behind her. Instead, she traded it for another: a massive debt to the IRS.
Two years ago, Thompson, who lives in New Jersey, was diagnosed with a tumor that eventually led to the removal of most of her small intestine, a pulmonary embolism, and 12-hour-a-day IV feeding sessions. She retired from her job on a disability pension in July 2010, and was able to get her federal student loans cancelled.
There was no mention, however, that the debt would be reported to the IRS as Cancellation of Debt Income (CODI).
"They didn't tell me it was taxable income," she says. "I had no idea."
The IRS considers most types of cancelled debt taxable income. Lenders must report cancelled debts of $600 or more to the IRS on a 1099-C form. The IRS estimates some 6.3 million 1099-C's – for all types of debts, including student loans, credit cards, mortgages, etc. – were filed to this year reporting CODI for the 2011 tax year.
Not all cancelled student loan debt is taxable. If Thompson's debt had been forgiven because she worked in job that qualified her to have some or all of her debt wiped out (certain medical, teaching or law enforcement positions, for example) she wouldn't now owe the IRS some $26,000. In addition, she owes $5,000 to the state of New Jersey for cancellation of debt income.
But there is no tax break for student loan debt that has been cancelled due to disability, despite the fact that borrowers who qualify for cancellation are considered totally and permanently disabled, and may never work again. In fact, the Department of the Treasury has specifically stated that student loans cancelled due to the Death and Disability Discharge (Section 437(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965) are taxable.
Another option, the insolvency exclusion, which requires debtors to be insolvent immediately prior to the discharge, may have allowed her to avoid paying taxes on some or all of the $91,000 of CODI. Thompson's accountant concluded she did not qualify, though she's has some doubt as to whether that's true.
"The (IRS) forms are incredibly confusing," she notes.
As a former social worker with a Master's degree, Thompson says she's not intimidated by government forms. She filled out all her paperwork to file for disability on her own, for example. However, even though she spent hours researching the rules surrounding cancellation of debt income, she found no relief for her situation. She tried calling the IRS for assistance. The first time she called, she says the IRS representative hung up on her. The second time, she says she waited on hold for over an hour and was then told to call back she filed her tax return. She claims that ultimately she was warned that if she couldn't pay the amount due, the IRS would put a tax lien on her house and report her to the credit reporting agencies. (We've reached out to the IRS a number of times on this and other issues relating to the 1099-C, but to date haven't gotten a response.)
[Related Story: A Slew Of Tax Tips To Clean Your 1099-C Mess]
Thompson isn't the only one who has been struggling with this issue. A reader, Debbie, recently commented on the Credit.com blog:
"I have a friend that got two 1099 C's for cancellation of student loans (federal) due to total disability due to cancer of her husband in Jan 2011. However, her husband passed away in May 2011…This is just another burden on my friend and I am trying to help her out in all ways possible. She really freaked since the total of the loans were close to $139,000 and she can't afford to count that as income." Source: Credit.com
And reader T.Long commented on the same story:
"I had student loan forgiven around for $75,000 this loan was in 1994 I have not a full time job since that time. I received 1099c from NElNet. What are the ways I can be exempt from this tax other then being insolvent by using form 982? If do have to use form 982 and claim insolvent what type attachments (do) I have sent along with 982."
And another reader named Kim commented:
"My student loans were discharged. I am on Social Security. Do I have to file the 1099-C I received for $62,000? My student loans were discharged due to total disability and I don't file taxes because Social Security is non-taxable….HELP!!!!"
Thompson, who says she would work if she could, is indignant about a policy that forces disabled borrowers like her to trade one type of debt for another.
"There's a reason my student loans were wiped out and I think they should consider it," she insists. "It's just one more thing that I have to worry about."
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare, the upcoming team-based third-person shooter based on the popular strategy franchise, will not feature any microtransactions at all, at least not at release next week for Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
"So we're not going to have any microtransactions at all at launch," PopCap Games producer Brian Lindley told GameSpot at a recent press event.
Following the release of Garden Warfare, Lindley explained that PopCap will look at in-game metrics and player feedback to determine how best to move forward. This could include offering in-game payments, but one thing is for sure: microtransactions "definitely" won't be available at launch.
We also quizzed Lindley about Garden Warfare's native resolution and he gave a coy response. "The Xbox One outputs in 1080p," he said. "I will say we're not running at the same resolution as [Battlefield 4]." Battlefield 4 runs in 720p on Xbox One. It was previously confirmed that Garden Warfare on Xbox One runs at 60fps, though.
We've reached out to PopCap for further clarification about Garden Warfare's resolution and received this roundabout response: "On next-gen consoles, players can experience all EA games at 1080p. Some are rendered natively, others are up-scaled by the next-gen hardware systems. Either way, the visuals are stunning and the gameplay is impeccable, regardless of platform."
Garden Warfare is extremely different than past entries in the franchise and fans of the series were probably taken by surprise when it was originally announced. This played right into PopCap's hand, Lindley said.
"I don't know that it does," Lindley said when asked if the Plants vs. Zombies series needed a shooter. "We thought it was a good idea; turns out it's a lot of fun. I think we've proven the concept that it works. This game wasn't needed by anybody, but I think that's the great thing, when you surprise people."
Right now, Garden Warfare is confirmed only for Xbox 360, Xbox One, and PC. Could the game be released on Sony platforms like the PlayStation 3 or PlayStation 4 someday? There are no plans right now, but Lindley has a never say never attitude.
"We have nothing to announce at this point, but I always caveat that with the comment that we want to get this game in the hands of as many people as possible," he said.
Finally, in the wake of rampant and frustrating SimCity and Battlefield 4 server issues, we asked Lindley what PopCap has done to ensure Garden Warfare's release will go off without a hitch.
"We've tested extensively; a lot of stress testing and...make sure everything is buttoned up and ready for launch as much as possible," he said. "So it really just comes down to preparation. Obviously, we cannot predict what's going to happen once a product is live, but [we've been] very diligent testing and making sure that when we launch, that's as smooth as possible. If there are any bumps we're going to dig into those as soon as possible."
Garden Warfare supports 12v12 competitive multiplayer and runs on the Frostbite 3 game engine, which powers titles like Battlefield 4 and Need for Speed: Rivals. The game, which launches February 25, will cost $40 on Xbox One and $30 for Xbox 360 and PC. For more on Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare, check out GameSpot's previous coverage.
Brendan Rodgers has been backed for the Celtic job
The odds on Brendan Rodgers becoming the next Celtic manager have been cut following a flurry of bets.
The former Liverpool boss has been cut to 7/4 to be in charge of Celtic on the first day of the 2016/17 season with Sky Bet, following a wave of support.
On Thursday, out-of-work Rodgers was the subject of a gamble which saw some firms make him an odds-on favourite to replace Ronny Deila at Parkhead.
"The money for Rodgers looks significant and if it continues, our current price will have to be cut again," said Sky Bet's Sandro Di Michele.
"We are approaching that time of year when our various manager and transfer markets grab a lot of attention and this is the first serious gamble of what's sure to be a very busy summer.
"Should Rodgers take over, I'm sure we'll also see interest in a number of his former players moving north of the border."
Ronny Deila (middle) will be leaving Celtic in the summer
When the market opened in April, David Moyes and Neil Lennon took turns as favourite but they're now 6/1 and 12/1 respectively, with former Celtic midfielder Paul Lambert now tucked in behind Rodgers at 3/1.
Rodgers is quoted in a number of other markets and is in fact Sky Bet's 4/1 favourite to be the next England manager following Roy Hodgson, while at a lower level he can be backed at 5/2 to take the helm at Derby and 25/1 for the Aston Villa job.
CAMDEN COUNTY, Ga. - At least one coach can be seen on a Snapchat video watching a junior varsity football player being beaten in a Camden County High locker room, according to a Kingsland Police Department report.
The video, which allegedly shows members of the Camden County High School football team beating a teammate, was sent to News4Jax by a concerned parent, who said it was recorded in the high school's locker room on Labor Day.
According to the police report, the JV player, whose name was not released, said he was at football practice Monday and was assaulted by several teammates in the presence of at least three coaches.
The player told police his teammates were upset with him because the previous Friday at the Camden County vs. Glynn Academy football game he wore a black shirt and sat with his girlfriend, a Glynn Academy cheerleader, on the Glynn Academy side of the field. He had been told to wear a white shirt to the game.
The player told police that two coaches saw him wearing the wrong color shirt and told his teammates that "they need to handle their boy for wearing black."
A video posted to Snapchat shows the JV player being hit and kicked by teammates, who then throw him into a trash can head first and roll him down the hallway in the Camden County High locker room, according to the report. The beating happened about noon Monday after practice, and the student ended up at Southeast Georgia Health Systems Camden Campus in St. Mary's, Georgia, where he reported the assault to police.
The player told police that three coaches were present during the assault, and one of those coaches kicked over the trash can so the player could get out after he was rolled down the hallway.
At least one of the three coaches can be seen in the video watching the altercation, police said.
The player's family has retained an attorney. A family friend told News4Jax the player has not returned to school since the assault.
News4Jax spoke with parents of junior varsity football players outside of Thursday's game.
Many of them said they were disappointed and embarrassed for the school. Others said they are waiting for more of the investigation to come out.
"It's an excellent school system, all the way from the top, down. It's a great football team. To me it's a little bit shocking to have seen that," said Chuck Wilson, a father of two daughters who attend the school.
News4Jax also spoke to a board member of the teams' quarterback club. Boyd Way's sons are in Camden County High School's football program and he's been working with the team for 30 years.
"I don't condone these types of things but discipline, I think is the way of taking care of it. And I think the school has done that," said Way.
WATCH: Raw video of alleged beating of fellow football player
The reports of the beating led Clayton Leadbeater to start a a change.org petition calling for the players involved in the assault to be removed from the team and the coaches to be fired. Many people have also taken to social media and are calling for the players to be suspended from the school and kicked off the team.
"Maybe that will carry on throughout Georgia and possibly throughout the rest of the country as far as trying to put a stop to bullying," Leadbeater said.
He said seeing the video reminded him of a rough time in high school and he felt inspired to act. He said he was appalled by the idea that coaches allegedly watched the beating.
"They're the grown-ups," Leadbeater said. "They're the ones who are supposed to be acting like grown-ups, not like animals."
School district officials said their investigation found no wrongdoing by the coaches but the district is cooperating with law enforcement.
"They could be charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor because they're all under 18 years old, and they actually encouraged this (according to the report)," News4Jax crime and safety analyst Gil Smith said. "It's very disappointing to see that."
As more people sign the petition, the support for the victim continues to grow. That's a message Leadbeater hopes the community understands.
"People out there do care and everybody should have that basic freedom to wear whatever shirt they want and support who they want," he said. "And not have to get any ridicule or assault out of it."
Kingsland police have turned the investigation over to the Georgia Bureau of Investigations.
Will Hardin, the superintendent of schools for the Camden County School Board, said four students have "received consequences" for their roles in the incident but was not specific about the nature of the consequences.
He responded to the allegations with the following statement:
"A report was made to school officials regarding an incident occurring in the varsity locker room at Camden County High School on Monday, September 7, 2015. The incident involved students at Camden High School who harassed one of their classmates and fellow football players. The matter was brought to the attention of school officials on Tuesday when an investigation was launched which included an interview with the student who was singled out, his parents, students who were present at the time, and coaches. As a result of the investigation, four students received consequences for their participation in the incident. The investigation into the incident by school officials was thorough and complete and did not indicate any wrongdoing by adults. School officials are cooperating fully with law enforcement and, should their investigation reveal new evidence that adults were complicit in any of the events that occurred, they will be held accountable for their actions."
Copyright 2015 by News4Jax.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Indiana to pay out $100,000 to deal with requests for Mike Pence emails
Indiana is paying a law firm $100,000 to help deal with a backlog of public records requests, most of which seek access to emails from Vice-President Mike Pence's tenure as governor, including correspondence routed through a private AOL.com account he used to conduct state business.
Photo of Hillary Clinton reading news Pence used AOL email goes viral Read more
Pence's AOL account was subjected to a phishing scheme last spring, before Donald Trump chose him to join the Republican presidential ticket in a campaign marked by fierce attacks on the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, for her use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state.
Pence's contacts were sent an email falsely claiming that the governor and his wife were stranded in the Philippines and needed money.
The governor moved to a different AOL account with additional security measures, but he stopped using that personal account after he was sworn in as vice-president in January, spokesman Marc Lotter has said.
The hacking of Pence's private emails led some to raise questions of hypocrisy after he frequently attacked Clinton on the campaign trail, arguing that she could have jeopardized national security if her emails got into the wrong hands.
Lotter has said charges of hypocrisy are unfair because there is a big difference between the secretary of state's correspondence about sensitive national matters and business conducted by a governor through a private address.
The administration of Pence's successor as governor, Eric Holcomb, entered a one-year contract last month with a Shelbyville firm, McNeely Stephenson, to handle the “unusually high” number of requests, records show.
More than 50 such requests are pending before Holcomb, who was Pence's hand-picked replacement on the state ballot last November. The vast majority seek correspondence Pence had with staffers and political groups, including emails that were routed through his private email account, according to documents previously obtained by the Associated Press through a public records request.
The requests are from private citizens, law firms, political parties and news organizations including the AP.
Mike Pence used his AOL email for state business as governor – and was hacked Read more
One factor that has exacerbated the delay is a lack of digital access to Pence's emails. Thirteen boxes containing paper copies of the emails were turned over to the governor's office earlier this year, but a review is ongoing and there may be more records that have yet to be turned over.
Lee McNeely, the firm's managing partner, said the firm is trying to get digital access to the emails, which would speed up the process. “There's a lot of activity going on. We're working as hard as we can and try to fight our way through it,” he said.
Pence spokesman Lotter did not immediately reply to a request for comment on Saturday. Last month, he told the AP: “Documents relating to Governor Pence's official service to Indiana are being preserved by the state in full compliance with the law.”
Pence has touted himself as a champion of a free press and the first amendment, though he repeatedly stonewalled public records requests as governor, often withholding documents or delaying their release if not denying them outright. Earlier this year, his lawyers argued unsuccessfully in a lawsuit that Indiana courts had no authority to force him to comply with public records law.
LAS VEGAS -- A former gang member of the 311 Boyz will go to prison after being convicted in a domestic violence case involving his girlfriend.
Steve Gazlay, 29, was convicted of several charges including second-degree kidnapping, domestic violence battery with strangulation, home invasion and burglary. He was acquitted on an attempted murder charge.
Gazlay's girlfriend testified he often threatened to kill her. There was a confrontation between the two in July after Gazlay, armed with a gun, threatened to kill her. He did shoot himself in the leg.
Gazlay was in trouble with the law several years ago when he convicted for his role in the 2003 beating of a teen. The 311 Boyz gang involved nine teens, including Gazlay, who were charged with the 2003 severe beating of boy who was left disfigured.
Las Vegas first responders stretched thin amid rampant use of illegal fireworks
Las Vegas Sun
In the days before the Fourth of July, authorities launched a public-awareness campaign to urge Las Vegas Valley residents not to set off illegal fireworks as part of their holiday celebrations.
But as anyone who was near the valley on Monday night knows, a lot of people either didn't get the message or ignored it.
The fireworks blooming in every part of the city sent firefighters and other emergency responders hopping, with Las Vegas Fire & Medical going on 1,024 calls; crews on average respond to 731 a day. Most of the calls involving actual fires in the Las Vegas jurisdiction — 112 — were related to fireworks. Most of them were for blazes in grass, brush and trees. Although no major fires were reported, there were fireworks-related injuries and fires in Las Vegas and reports of fires in Clark County.
In Las Vegas, a girl suffered serious burns after a blast, fire officials said. Witnesses told authorities that a “grand finale” of illegal fireworks taped together and set off went wrong, firing sideways into a home's garage and injuring the girl. Police and fire officials are investigating, officials said. She is expected to survive.
About 11 p.m., firefighters were called to the area near Farm Road and Buffalo Drive. There were reports of a large series of illegal fireworks exploding, injuring 40 to 50 people and setting a palm tree on fire. Most of the 100 onlookers scattered by the time crews arrived. It wasn't immediately clear if the injured were treated.
Two significant building fires investigated on the holiday were not linked to fireworks, Las Vegas fire officials said. However, response of extra crews to one of them was delayed due to firefighters putting out tree fires throughout the city, said Tim Szymanski, Las Vegas Fire and Rescue spokesman.
Szymanski said that in his 20-year career in Las Vegas, he'd never seen as many illegal fireworks displays as on Monday.
“We were stretched very thin,” he said. "We had all of our units out.”
He said a major consequence of illegal fireworks is the fire threat that causes emergency crews to be saturated and unavailable for other emergencies.
“They're putting other people's lives at risk when they do that,” he said.
In a 30-hour period from midnight Monday to 6 a.m. Tuesday, the North Las Vegas and the Clark County fire departments responded to 265 fire calls, county spokesman Erik Pappa said.
Exterior fire calls, which include grass and trees, amounted to 234 of those calls; there were also 15 structure fires, eight smoke investigations and eight vehicle blazes, he said.
Investigators believe most of those calls were related to fireworks, he said.
In Henderson, trashed and used fireworks at a home caused a blaze that spread to two parked vehicles and the garage of a nearby house. Crews were called about 11:15 p.m. to the 1100 block of Enchanted Court, near Burkholder Boulevard and South Racetrack Road.
No one was injured, but six adults and four children were displaced. Damage was estimated at $105,000, the Henderson Fire department said.
Kathleen Richards, Henderson fire department spokeswoman, said there were also several brush fires, the biggest one reported at Whitney Mesa Nature Preserve. There was no damage estimate, she said.
No major fires were reported in North Las Vegas, but three people were wounded in a shooting over loud fireworks at an apartment complex early Monday, city police said.
The three people wounded were expected to survive, police said. Officers were called about 2:30 p.m. to the Trellis Park complex, near Craig Road and Allen Lane. The suspected shooter, who was arrested, had confronted his neighbors about noise from the fireworks, police said.
As in years past, authorities came into the holiday taking an educational approach to reducing illegal fireworks. They issued news releases and staged an event featuring Clark County commissioners to explain what types of fireworks were legal and warn of the potential health hazards associated with illegal fireworks. They also stressed the financial implications: violations carry high fines, and accidents can result in increased insurance premiums.
WASHINGTON -- Candace Marie Claiborne, a 60-year-old employee of the U.S. Department of State, was charged Wednesday with obstructing an official proceeding and making false statements to the FBI -- both felony offenses -- for allegedly concealing numerous contacts that she had over a period of years with Chinese intelligence agents, the Justice Department said Wednesday.
The veteran State Department employee, who appeared before a judge Wednesday, is also accused of failing to report gifts she received from Chinese contacts.
Claiborne allegedly failed to report repeated contacts with two intelligence agents of the People's Republic of China, and the agents provided tens of thousands of dollars in gifts and benefits to Claiborne and her family over five years, prosecutors said.
According to an affidavit, the gifts and benefits included cash wired to Claiborne's bank account, an Apple iPhone and laptop computer, Chinese New Year's gifts, meals, international travel and vacations, tuition at a Chinese fashion school, a fully furnished apartment and a monthly stipend. Some of these gifts and benefits were provided directly to Claiborne, the affidavit alleges, while others were provided through a co-conspirator.
Rex Tillerson urges State Department to "work as one team"
She was arrested Tuesday. Family members who were in court Wednesday declined to comment on her behalf.
“As a State Department employee with a Top Secret clearance, she received training and briefing about the need for caution and transparency,” U.S. Attorney Channing Phillips said in a statement. “This case demonstrates that U.S. government employees will be held accountable for failing to honor the trust placed in them when they take on such sensitive assignments.”
The Justice Department alleges that she wrote in her journal that she could “generate 20k in 1 year” through her work with one of the intelligence agents.
Claiborne pleaded not guilty and faces a preliminary hearing April 18.
The maximum penalty for a person convicted of obstructing an official proceeding is 20 years in prison. The maximum penalty for making false statements to the FBI is five years in prison.
CBS News justice reporter Paula Reid contributed to this report.
GOP presidential hopeful Ron Paul is launching a $1 million ad campaign in key early states, as he seeks to shake up a race being dominated by Rick Perry and Mitt Romney.
The Texas congressman's new ad highlights his efforts on behalf of two Vietnam veterans, who call him "a veteran's best friend."
The 60-second spot is scheduled to air tonight during the GOP presidential debate on Fox News, and Paul's campaign says it will be played "heavily" in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada.
The three-week ad buy is significant, as Paul moves up to second place in a newly released New Hampshire poll -- albeit with Mitt Romney maintaining a huge lead over the GOP field. Paul, a libertarian-thinking Republican, comes in third behind Perry and Romney in most national polls, according to the surveys compiled by the RealClearPolitics website.
"Our campaign is seeing growing momentum now and is doing this ad blitz to cement ourselves in the top tier," Paul campaign manager Jesse Benton said.
The ad is an emotional one, featuring Army veterans Joe Pena and Rene Reyes recounting a battle in which they said 75 soldiers were killed and 115 wounded.
"We had never been thanked for our services. Never," Pena says in the spot. "Congressman Ron Paul got my medals for me and presented them to me. That was an awesome feeling."
The spot also makes reference to Paul being a veteran. He was a flight surgeon in the U.S. Air Force in the early 1960s and then served in the Air National Guard.
In echo of ‘defeat device' scandals, one TV increased energy consumption by 47% when tested in real-world viewing
TVs, dishwashers and fridge freezers have been found to guzzle up to twice as much energy as advertised on their energy labels, in a wide-ranging EU product survey.
When tested under real-world conditions, the €400,000, 18-month investigation found widespread overshooting of the goods' colour-coded A-G energy classes, due to the outmoded and selective test formats on which these have been based.
Switching on modern TV features such as “ultra-high definition” and “high-dynamic range” in real-world test cycles boosted energy use in four out of seven televisions surveyed – one by more than 100%.
In an echo of past “defeat device” scandals, another TV set increased its energy consumption by 47% when tested in a cycle based on real-world viewing, instead of the European standard measurement.
European commission guilty of 'negligence' over diesel defeat devices, says draft report Read more
“This model stands out as potentially detecting and adjusting its behaviour to reduce average power consumption when measured with the EN 62087:2016 test video clip,” the report says.
The video clip is a standard test sequence introduced a decade ago by the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) to measure home viewing patterns.
Regulators in the UK and Sweden have already complained to the European commission about TV sets that seem to cut their energy use when they recognise the IEC clip being played.
Chris Spiliotopoulos, an expert at the European Environmental Citizens Organisation for Standardisation, which co-authored the report, said: “Policy-makers should now step up and provide the right direction for standardisation bodies to better represent real-life conditions.
“To get the best deal for our citizens and planet, we can no longer rely on outdated and unrepresentative test methods that may provide an unfair playing field.”
Ecodesign innovations are expected to cut around 9% of the EU's emissions by 2020 and 15% by 2030, while saving consumers nearly €500 per year in energy bills. But much will depend on how streamlined products become in real life.
No brands are named in the new report, which focuses on test practices, but a similar study in the US last year found that the energy use of Samsung and LG TV sets spiked by as much as 45% outside lab conditions.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The European Environmental Bureau's explainer video on energy labels
Some products were more energy efficient than their labels indicated, but three of seven TVs tested increased their energy uptake by a third when their firmware updated. This often happens automatically when a new TV is installed at home. Five sets shut off their energy-saving features without warning.
Half of the fridge freezers covered in the latest research increased their energy use by up to 32% during everyday routines, such as opening the fridge door, or putting food inside. One model continued operating in power-hungry mode for 24 hours.
Dishwashers surveyed in the report also consumed up to 73% more energy than advertised, when not used in the eco mode that is standard in official test cycles. A recent study by the University of Bonn found that four fifths of real-life washes were done in other settings.
“The more artificial the test, the easier it is to detect,” said Stéphane Arditi, a policy manager at the European Environment Bureau (EEB), which co-authored the report.
“The test standard has balanced the situation towards being comparable, reproducible and affordable – but at the expense of accurately reflecting real-life use. It is time to rebalance that towards a more representative standard.”
The Collaborative Labelling and Appliance Standard Program (Clasp), and Topten.eu also contributed to the survey.
If you're wondering why British Columbia experienced such a mild winter and early spring, you could maybe blame it on a mysterious "blob" of warm water in the Pacific Ocean.
The anomaly was first detected in 2013 by University of Washington climate scientist Nicholas Bond, who coined the term "blob." Since the fall of that year, scientists have been tracking a large mass of water in the Pacific Ocean that is 1,000 kilometres long and at least 2 degrees Celsius warmer than usual.
Ocean Networks Canada, which has been studying the phenomenon, says the blob may have formed because a weak low pressure system over the ocean is limiting the mixing of warm waters and cool, nutrient-rich water. Heat is being trapped as a result.
University of Victoria chemical oceanographer Jay Cullen says the blob now stretches from Mexico to Alaska, likely contributing to some of the milder temperatures experienced in British Columbia in recent months.
"Talking with surfers [in Tofino], for example, [about] winter conditions and surfing off our coast, many of them weren't wearing gloves this winter, which is really unheard of," Cullen told Daybreak North.
"Fishermen are noticing the waters are both clearer and warmer, and the timing of when fish are present and when fish are catchable happened earlier this year than it has in the past."
Cullen says scientists aren't sure how long the blob will persist, but if it does, British Columbians may start seeing more warm water species move north. In fact, Cullen says he's already heard anecdotes from people who have spotted the fish Mola mola. By-the-wind-sailors, a blue jellyfish-like creature, have also been found ashore on Haida Gwaii.
The fact that nutrient-rich waters aren't being brought to the surface could have consequences for the marine food web, Cullen said.
Listen to the interview: The blob explained
UPDATE – there is a new version of this free ebook that is based on the RTM version of the software. Please find the new announcement here with links to the new edition.
I'm excited to announce the most recent free ebook offered by Microsoft Press. Introducing Windows Server 2012, by Mitch Tulloch, is now ready for free download! Please see the links below to download one or all of the available formats.
Introducing Windows Server 2012 is 256 pages and includes 5 chapters loaded with insider information from the Windows Server Team.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1 The business need for Windows Server 2012
The rationale behind cloud computing Making the transition
Technical requirements for successful cloud computing
Four ways Windows Server 2012 delivers value for cloud computing Foundation for building your private cloud
Chapter 2 Foundation for building your private cloud
A complete virtualization platform
Increase scalability and performance Business continuity for virtualized workloads
Chapter 3 Highly available, easy-to-manage multi-server platform
Continuous availability
Cost efficiency
Management efficiency
Chapter 4 Deploy web applications on premises and in the cloud
Scalable and elastic web platform
Support for open standards
Chapter 5 Enabling the modern workstyle
Access virtually anywhere, from any device
Full Windows experience
Enhanced security and compliance
To read more about the latest news on Windows Server 2012 and to download the release candidate, go here.
We all know about vampires and werewolves, or at least we think we do. The legends and myths that inspired these monsters are sometimes surprisingly different, but no less chilling. In this series of posts, Monster Monday, we'll investigate the monsters that have informed our modern notions, as well as some lesser known monsters. Today, we talk about the Yule Lads.
The Yule Lads are figures in Icelandic folklore. They are thirteen brothers, the sons of mountain trolls, who come down off the mountain every December and visit peoples homes on the thirteen days before Christmas. They are usually depicted as old men with long beards, dressed in traditional peasant outfits. Children place their shoes on the windowsill, and the Yule Lads leave presents for children who have been good and rotten potatoes for children who have been bad.
They also like to play pranks, and they have descriptive names related to what they like to do, such as Spoon Licker and Sausage Swiper. Other pranks include stealing pots, candles, leftover food from bowls, and milk from cows and sheep; slamming doors in the middle of the night; and peering into windows. They are often accompanied by the Yule Cat, a dangerous beast that eats people who don't receive new clothes for Christmas.
Weather Alert
...SNOW IN NORTHWEST WISCONSIN AND EAST CENTRAL MINNESOTA TONIGHT... .SNOW WILL AFFECT EAST-CENTRAL MINNESOTA AND NORTHWEST WISCONSIN TONIGHT, BRINGING 3 TO 5 INCHES OF SNOW TO AREAS FROM BURNETT COUNTY EAST TO PRICE COUNTY. THE SNOW WILL DIMINISH BY DAWN WEDNESDAY. ...WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 6 AM CST WEDNESDAY... * WHAT...SNOW EXPECTED. TOTAL SNOW ACCUMULATIONS OF 3 TO 5 INCHES EXPECTED. * WHERE...DOUGLAS, BAYFIELD, ASHLAND AND IRON COUNTIES. * WHEN...FROM 9 PM THIS EVENING TO 6 AM CST WEDNESDAY. * ADDITIONAL DETAILS...PLAN ON SLIPPERY ROAD CONDITIONS. THE HAZARDOUS CONDITIONS COULD IMPACT THIS EVENING'S AND THE WEDNESDAY MORNING COMMUTE. PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS... A WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY FOR SNOW MEANS PERIODS OF SNOW WILL CAUSE PRIMARILY TRAVEL DIFFICULTIES. EXPECT SNOW COVERED ROADS AND LIMITED VISIBILITIES, AND USE CAUTION WHILE DRIVING. THE LATEST ROAD CONDITIONS FOR MINNESOTA CAN BE FOUND AT 511MN.ORG, AND FOR WISCONSIN AT 511WI.GOV, OR BY CALLING 511 IN EITHER STATE. &&
An airman at Kirtland Air Force Base was indicted this week on nine federal child pornography charges, according to an indictment filed in U.S. District Court in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Air Force Lt. Jesse Furse, 34, used a computer to share or possess pornographic videos of young girls, ranging in ages between 3 and 11 years old between May 2014 and January 2016, the criminal complaint said.
"The criminal complaint alleges that a preliminary review of the contents of a hard drive from Furse's residents contained approximately 1,400 video files consistent with child pornography," according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico .
David Serna, Furse's attorney told the Albuquerque Journal his client doesn't have any criminal history.
"We are right now conducting a lot of investigation and research that will culminate in our motion to seek Jesse's release," said Serna.
Furse was arrested on Feb. 10 and is scheduled for arraignment on the indictment on March 9. If convicted, he faces a minimum of five years in prison. The maximum imprisonment for possession charges is 20 years, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.
It seems there's been some renewed interest in the subject of Block C LTE "no locking" provisions after news that the Motorola RAZR will come equipped with a locked bootloader per Verizon's request. About four months ago, I published an article on this very topic. To summarize: Verizon can basically do almost anything it wants with handsets on its network in the name of reasonable network management - subject to a few limitations and caveats.
But before we get into the reasoning for this, let's talk history.
The Block C Auction Of 2008
Back in 2008, the FCC auctioned off a block of the 700MHz wireless spectrum dubbed "Block C." Verizon was the sole purchaser of the block, having bid $4.7 billion to acquire the chunk of spectrum. Prior to the auction, Google petitioned the FCC to include certain provisions requiring the purchaser of Block C, if the price was over $4.6 billion, to keep devices and traffic on that network open.
The FCC chose to adopt two of Google's proposed stipulations:
Open applications: Consumers should be able to download and utilize any software applications, content, or services they desire; Open devices: Consumers should be able to utilize a handheld communications device with whatever wireless network they prefer;
Sounds good, right? When Verizon purchased the spectrum, it immediately sued the FCC because of its opposition to these provisions, but later dropped the suit for undisclosed reasons. Not until 2010 did Verizon even release a product (a mobile hotspot) which utilized this spectrum. The first phone to access this spectrum was the HTC ThunderBolt, released in March of this year.
When Verizon began blocking mobile tethering applications on its Android phones, particularly the ThunderBolt, earlier this year, a complaint was filed with the FCC by a consumer advocacy group, alleging Verizon was violating its duties under Block C - more precisely the "Open applications" provision. The FCC does not discuss what complaints it chooses to investigate, but we're pretty confident we know the outcome regardless. Why?
Reasonable Network Management: The Trump Card
Verizon's purchase of Block C came equipped with the same provision found in general FCC regulations of wireless mobile broadband services, which were enumerated in a rulemaking session last year. Even though it is stated that carriers must provide open access to devices and software on the Block C network, those provisions are subject to the following exemption:
(b)(1) Insofar as such use [open access] would not be compliant with published technical standards reasonably necessary for the management or protection of the licensee's network. 47 CFR §27.16
The FCC has continually recognized that mobile data networks present "special challenges" in terms of implementation and management. Whether those "challenges" are actually all that burdensome isn't at issue - the carriers obviously hold the position that they are. What constitutes "reasonable network management?" The FCC gave carriers significant leeway in this regard, and defined the term as follows in the Block C network access requirements:
(c)(1) Standards shall include technical requirements reasonably necessary for third parties to access a licensee's network via devices or applications without causing objectionable interference to other spectrum users or jeopardizing network security. 47 CFR §27.16
Network security is Verizon's biggest loophole around the Block C openness requirements. Unlocking a device's bootloader allows the user to install any software on the device which is available, meaning the user may install software which the carrier has had no chance to review. Verizon could easily spin this to say that potentially harmful applications on such devices could be used to exploit vulnerabilities in its network, and/or to conceal a device's identity, or to steal service.
These assertions do need to be backed by standards, but the standards aren't hard to come by. Here's Verizon's CDMA security standards and best practices. If Verizon determines that allowing users to install "root access" level software, or custom operating systems, could in any significant way pose an obstacle to the secure management of its network as outlined in the standards, imposing restrictions would be reasonable network management. Such an obstacle could be the ability to obfuscate your device's identity, or to "steal" service (wireless tethering).
For example, if a model of phone on the Verizon network is known to have a major security flaw which could expose sensitive subscriber data, the company has an obligation to remedy that flaw once it is known. Rooted or unlocked devices, which may still have the flaw, may not be able to receive an OTA update from Verizon to correct it, because their software causes an incompatibility with the update. This would prevent Verizon from managing its network on some level. Once Verizon shows that it has a standard and that unlocking or rooting could cause users to go out of compliance with those standards, it merely needs to show that the standard is reasonable. If other industry members or organizations use similar standards, the standard is presumed to be reasonable. You can bet that all four major carriers use fairly similar network security standards.
Finally, we'll talk about tethering and Block C.
Much hoop-lah has been made of the following provision, as related to the legality of charging for wireless tethering on Verizon:
(c)(1)... The potential for excessive bandwidth demand alone shall not constitute grounds for denying, limiting or restricting access to the network. 47 CFR §27.16
The key issue is that this provision says nothing about limiting access on the basis of contractual obligations - it only applies when a carrier is limiting, restricting, or denying access to data services it has promised on the basis that a user is "congesting" the network. Verizon is still very much within its right to assert that it has the authority to prevent users from stealing access to a service it charges for, namely, tethering. Opponents say this is traffic discrimination and money-grabbing, Verizon says it's a perfectly legitimate usage-based access fee that it doesn't want users to circumvent.
There is absolutely nothing in the text of 27.16 suggesting carriers must provide unlimited data to users on networks operated on the 700MHz Block C frequencies. All (c)(1) is saying is that, once users have paid for a given service, carriers cannot discriminate against their traffic on the basis of bandwidth usage (eg, they can't throttle you) - but there's nothing to stop them from charging your more for using more. This is why Verizon's throttling only affects the top 5% of 3G, rather than 4G, users. I'm not sure if I explained that clearly, so I hope the distinction got across.
Of course, in matters involving regulatory authority, there's always going to be some wiggle room for discretion.
The FCC is unpredictable. There is no way to know if the agency will change its interpretation of its own rules, or if it will decide Verizon's particular actions aren't reasonable. This is all evaluated on a case by case basis. However, the agency's interpretation of reasonable network management in the past has tended to favor service providers in all but the most extreme cases (such as content-based throttling by Comcast), so it's hard for me to see them suddenly adopting a more demanding standard in regard to "reasonable network management."
To summarize: it seems highly unlikely that the current regulation of wireless network providers on Block C is worded strongly enough to force a carrier into selling unlockable handsets, but we'll have to wait and see to know for sure.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: The situation in Libya is escalating from day to day, amid growing fears of civil war. What should the West do now?
Martin Schulz: The sanctions against (Libyan leader) Moammar Gadhafi approved by the United Nations Security Council should be implemented as soon as possible. His access to funds needs to be cut off, because he is apparently trying to buy mercenaries. We have to try to isolate Gadhafi.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Gadhafi doesn't even shy away from bombing his own people. Doesn't this raise the question of whether the West should intervene militarily?
Schulz: Gadhafi's methods are brutal. But we have to choose carefully between an emotional reaction, which is understandable, and decisions that could lead to a protracted war. All of the measures that can be taken within the context of the Charter of the United Nations must be considered. I am deliberately emphasizing the word "all" there -- in other words, including the military option. But that's only possible with the involvement of the Security Council and the Arab countries.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Why?
Schulz: Military intervention without their involvement could even have the effect of strengthening Gadhafi. We recently experienced how the rebels react when foreign soldiers enter the country, when they promptly detained a British special forces unit. It's clear that whatever measures are taken will have to be coordinated with the Arab League and the African Union.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: The international community has been discussing a no-fly zone for days, but so far nothing has happened. Where does this hesitancy come from?
Schulz: A no-fly zone is one way to rein in Gadhafi. It certainly makes sense, if it can be implemented. But it isn't entirely uncomplicated. I agree with the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's view that this would be a highly risky proposition.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: As was already the case with Egypt, the European Union is not taking a clear position. Has Europe failed, just as the Middle East is on the brink of a new era?
Schulz: I would appreciate it if people would use more precise language in this regard. People are always chiding "the EU," but the institutions in Brussels are taking action. The parliament is providing money and the European Commission has tripled humanitarian aid. The European Union isn't the problem.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: What is?
Schulz: The member states are the problem. They are pursuing interests that are sometimes widely divergent. I'm sick of these constant attacks on "the EU." The real scandal is the never-ending maneuvering of the member states. France has historic interests, and so does Britain. But Germany's game isn't any better. The German foreign minister sings the praises of the revolution, while the chancellor says: No refugees, please. None of this is credible.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Why can't the EU leadership convince the member states to support a common policy?
Schulz: The EU does what it can. It provides money, and High Representative for Foreign Affairs Catherine Ashton is in the region. But why, exactly, are all the European Union's foreign ministers also traveling to the region, and, on top of that, saying different things? This nonsense merely creates the impression that the Europeans are not particularly credible or unified.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: What else can the European Union do?
Schulz: What's completely lacking is a long-term plan to foster civil society, both in Libya and also where it is currently coming into existence, namely in Egypt and Tunisia. That should be the EU's top priority. These (civil society) bodies need money and advisers. We need to train election monitors and send them to these countries. Europe's security will be enormously enhanced if we win this fight and strengthen secular, civil society.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Did Europe tolerate the Gadhafi regime for too long?
Schulz: It's hard to answer that question. We all tolerated Gadhafi, both the EU and the United States. One could criticize this as amoral, but it was also realpolitik. He renounced terrorism, which meant that one continuous source of insecurity had been pacified for the time being. And, of course, enormous energy-related interests were part of the motive behind the cooperation with Gadhafi.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: The unrest in Libya has been going on for several weeks now, but Gadhafi is still there. Do you still think that the regime can be overthrown?
Schulz: I don't know how strong Gadhafi is at this point. He's a dictator who is surrounded by militias that are apparently well-trained and well-equipped. Parts of his army have abandoned him, but that doesn't seem to be enough to bring him down quickly. I think that the outcome of this power struggle is still completely open.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Large numbers of refugees are to be expected. The situation in Egypt showed how Europe reacts: It isolates itself. Is that the right signal?
Schulz: No. We have to do everything possible to prevent people from becoming refugees in the first place. There are large numbers of young people in these countries, and they are needed there. They'll stay if they have a future there, which is why it's necessary to spend a lot of money now to help these people -- through economic cooperation, educational cooperation and investment in infrastructure and civil society. Billions are needed in this regard.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: But there will still be refugees.
Schulz: Yes. And we can't let them drown in the Mediterranean. We have to take them in.
SPIEGEL ONLINE: Does that include Germany?
Schulz: Naturally Germany, like other countries, also has to accept refugees. The southern EU countries can't do this alone. We can't sit there and welcome -- and even encourage -- revolutions in the world while banishing the results from our doorstep. That position is simply unsustainable. What we need is a quota to effectively distribute refugees among all 27 member states. Not to mention Switzerland, by the way, which constantly benefits from the EU and the dictators' funds. It could also easily accept some refugees.
This year I attended my first GPU Technology Conference in San Jose, California (it took place the week after the Game Developers Conference). Hosted by NVIDIA, the event featured a range of talks from a large array of market segments including automotive, motion picture, gaming, scientific, cloud, system integrators, and startups. The schedule was a mixture of three main keynotes, 500 technical sessions, hands-on programming labs, demos, and an expo floor with a large number of vendors showing their latest work.
The first keynote took place on the second day, and was delivered by Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA CEO. His talk featured announcements of new architectures such as Pascal that will power the next generation of GPGPU products from the company, to the Jetson TK1 which is billed as the world's first embedded supercomputer. While Pascal will be used in the next generation of supercomputers and workstations, Jetson is targeted at the embedded market and both make extensive use of Linux. The keynote featured an Audi self-driven car appearing on stage powered by a Jetson-based architecture, and it ended in the announcement that all attendees would receive an Android powered NVIDIA shield.
The second keynote featured a live demo of the real-time rendering work done at Pixar, showing how the animators have benefited from the latest developments in GPU technology to more effectively gain feedback before final renders. The final keynote was delivered by Dr. Adam Gazzaley, a neuroscientist at the University of California at San Francisco who is working on the use of video games for cognitive enhancement. This featured a live demo with virtual reality using the Occulus Rift, and real-time electrical measurement/feedback into the game.
One of the major reasons I attended was to learn more about the latest development in visualization, and there were a good number of sessions that looked at this along with the synergy of GPGPU computation and real-time feedback from visualization. More and more supercomputers are now making use of GPGPU accelerators, such as Titan at Oak Ridge National Lab. A large number of sessions were delivered by NVIDIA engineers and developers, but there were also a number of sessions delivered by scientists working on real problems (largely focused on GPGPU rather than rendering/visualization). There was an extensive poster session, showcasing applications across a broad range of areas with the opportunity to talk to the developers. Many of the projects featured were open source and made extensive use of libraries familiar to many of us.
It is clear that OpenGL is alive and well, with many exciting developments in this area. Interestingly, many of these are being fuelled by growing interest from the gaming industry as they port to new Linux-based platforms such as SteamOS. Live demos were given on the Jetson in the future of OpenGL session, and the Approaching Zero Driver Overhead talk from the preceding Game Developers Conference was referenced quite heavily. Several enhancements to the binary driver were mentioned in reference to better supporting scene graphs and real-time ray-tracing using nVidia's Optix platform was showcased and ultimately featured in one of the awards for the work on the HIV capsid as a showcase of what GPU technology can do to help drive forward progress in scientific research.
Alex Newman
New American
Jan 8, 2013
Federal Brazilian police and military personnel, some wearing United Nations insignia, are forcibly relocating whole communities in Brazil at gunpoint under the guise of returning huge tracts of land to a small group of Indians whose ancestors were allegedly there at some point. Thousands of local residents who have lived in the area for decades or were even born there, however, are fighting back, with critics saying the government's actions smack of Stalinism and may constitute crimes against humanity.
Since the latest controversial operation began in November in the state of Mato Grosso, according to authorities and news reports, citizens opposed to being stripped of their property and homes have been doing everything in their power to stop the assault — setting up road blocks, battling heavily armed federal forces with stones, sticks, and Molotov cocktails, torching government trucks, protesting, and refusing to leave. Others cried as they tore down their own simple houses under armed guard.
Reporters on the scene and even federal lawmakers suspect bloodshed may be near. The government, however, has vowed to expel the communities at any cost, threatening those who refuse to comply with criminal charges and even confiscation of what little remains of their personal property. Rubber bullets, tear gas, and threats of real bullets and prosecution have all been employed to forcibly remove the locals, whom the government continues to dehumanize as “invaders” and “intruders.”
Critics and local residents have accused the government of Brazil of mass corruption, saying the end goal is to smash private property ownership and all potential resistance — starting with the rural population. They argue, among other points, that federal authorities are doing the bidding of foreign interests and are in cahoots with the UN, massive international corporations, Western-based non-governmental organizations like Greenpeace, and other interests.
“This is just one more case among many. The policy of Brazil's leftist government is to dismantle the country to deliver it all to ‘native reserves,' which are nothing more than instruments of billionaire foreign Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs),” explained renowned Brazilian writer and philosopher Professor Olavo de Carvalho, who has played a key role in exposing the well-orchestrated socialist takeover of Latin America.
The so-called “pink tide” sweeping over the region is being led in part by top Brazilian Labor Party (PT) officials, who currently hold power, collaborating with totalitarian regimes in the region. As The New American has documented extensively, a shadowy network of socialist and communist political parties as well as Marxist terror groups known as Foro de São Paulo — founded by former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio “Lula” da Silva, communist tyrant Fidel Castro, the Sandinistas, and others — now dominates Latin American politics.
The justification used in the most recent land grab case in Mato Grosso's Suiá-Missu, however, is unparalleled in terms of cynicism, Carvalho, the conservative Brazilian leader, told The New American. “Ages ago, Brazilian Indians used to avoid settling in a particular place; they traveled long distances and created temporary residences along the way,” he explained. “The Brazilian government accepted the thesis of some anthropologists that wherever Indians left one of their dead buried in the ground, suddenly the land belongs to them. The population of Suiá-Missu is poor and working people who have no way to respond to the brute force of the communist government.”
Some 400,000 acres of land in the state of Mato Grosso with numerous towns — at least one of the communities in Estrela do Araguaia was home to an estimated 7,500 residents complete with churches, schools, hospitals, a graveyard and more, though the government claims the figures are smaller — was reportedly handed to a group of nearby Indians in the 1990s by official decree. Property owners' deeds were nullified and no compensation was offered. Authorities began the forced relocation of all non-Indians late last year after giving existing residents just 30 days to vacate their land “voluntarily.” Most refused to go.
“In the final days of December, the federal government's task force working on expelling local residents from the Marãiwatsédé indigenous land in Mato Grosso prioritized the expulsion of the community of Posto da Mata, a center of fierce resistance against returning the land to the Xavante Indians,” the federal National Indian Foundation (Funai), part of the Justice Ministry, said in astatement in early January. “Justice officials set a January 4 deadline for residents to evacuate the area. Whoever does not leave by that date will have their belongings confiscated by Justice and will have to answer for the crime of disobedience.” Tensions are still brewing, though, and the evictions are far from completed.
About 3,000 people lived in Posto da Mata, including 700 school children who will now be homeless if the government gets its way. “Where are we going to stay? Where are we going to live? What are we going to live off of? What are we going to eat going forward?” wondered a tearful girl outside one of the town's two schools in a TV interview. “I've lived here all my 17 years and I'm not leaving.”
An 8-year-old boy, also crying, read a letter to Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, a “former” self-styled communist terrorist during the military regime, begging her not to let the police knock down his family's house. Rousseff and her administration, however, appear unmoved, with the powerful Brazilian regime marching onward regardless of the human tragedy left in its wake.
“The federal government is sticking to the judicial decision with firmness and serenity,” Chief Minister Gilberto Carvalho with the General Secretariat of the President said in a press release. “Violent and illegal actions will not be tolerated and adequate measures are already being taken.”
Locals, however, are still petitioning the government to stop the barbaric relocation, which they say will shatter thousands of lives. Protesters have been tearing down and burning Brazilian flags while local, state, and even federal political leaders have expressed outrage about the brutal relocation. Congressman Valtenir Pereira, for instance, warned a top executive branch official about the increasing risk of bloodshed as the battle rages on. He also said that the forced relocation of families risked damaging Brazil's image and reputation in front of the international community.
“I told him that the international community is aware of the problem. We are running the risk of allowing bloodshed to occur. The conflict has already started, we've had incidents between police and locals who did not want to leave the area,” he said. “I also said that this conflict can become a blood stain on the presidency. President Dilma and her vice president cannot let this happen, otherwise they will stain Brazil's image internationally. The solution depends only on the president.”
The history of the land is in dispute, but it appears that in the 1960s, Brazilian authorities may have expelled local Indians from the region and moved them hundreds of miles away before selling off the land. The goal was supposedly to encourage Brazilians and agricultural producers in particular to settle the area, which saw a steady influx of new residents over the following decades.
Many locals and even outside analysts question whether the land was really inhabited by Indians at all. Even some Xavante Indians have spoken out, explaining that their people always lived in another region with another climate and type of vegetation.
The UN and Greenpeace, though, were heavily involved in promoting the idea during the recent Rio+20 “sustainable development” conference in Rio de Janeiro, parading a group of Indians around the premises in between bizarre ceremonies worshiping “Mother Earth” and calls for a planetary regime. Greenpeace, of course, has an atrocious record when it comes to indigenous people and has destroyed more than a few Native American communities over the years under the guise of pseudo-environmentalism.
Nevertheless, the courts ruled in 2010 that the executive decree kicking all non-Indian residents out of the area without compensation for the loss of their property and homes could move forward. Shortly after that, the decision to force residents off their land was put on hold. In May of 2012, however, another court said the relocation could proceed.
That decision was also halted, but the Brazilian Supreme Court eventually decided that the evictions could proceed as planned. Residents were notified on November 7 that they should pack what they could and go within 30 days, or face the full fury of the federal government. A few reportedly left, enticed by government promises of welfare and new land somewhere else for certain eligible small farmers, but many more stayed. Ranchers and farmers with larger properties were offered nothing.
“According to Brazilian law, as the invaders remained illegally on Indian land, knowing that it is federal property, they are not entitled to any compensation,” a spokesperson for Funai, the Justice Ministry's Indian department, told The New American in a statement without addressing the now-voided property deeds held by residents. “Nevertheless, the Brazilian government acts to resettle those who meet the criteria of the Brazilian Agrarian Reform Policy.”
Of course, land expropriation in Brazil is nothing new — for decades, the government has been demonizing “big” farmers and “wealthy” ranchers, seizing and redistributing their property in the push for so-called “agrarian reform.” Even recently, longtime residents in other regions have also been expelled under the guise of “Indian lands,” too. In neighboring Venezuela, meanwhile, socialist strongman Hugo Chavez has been stealing massive amounts of land from its owners as well, citing the alleged need to “redistribute wealth.”
But like Mao's “agrarian reform” in Communist China, which was portrayed as an innocent movement until it ultimately contributed to the murder of tens of millions, farmers and opponents of the assault in Latin America fear the worst. “The goal of destroying the rural sector in Brazil, one of the strongest in the world, is far from complete,” conservative Brazilian activist and farmer Walber Guerreiro told The New American, noting that, like all communists, the current government leaders of Brazil hope to smash independent-minded farmers and ranchers. “But it is an absolute priority for the Marxist agenda.”
Guerreiro, who knows some of the victims in Mato Grosso, also cited international treaties declaring forced relocation to be a crime against humanity, saying it was time for the world community to speak out about the rampant and increasingly serious abuses being perpetrated by the Brazilian regime. He worries that if authorities are allowed to continue running wild with impunity, bigger towns will be next, and more victims will soon be forcibly stripped of their homes and property at the barrel of a gun.
Also alarming, he said, was that some of the military vehicles being used to terrorize and evict local residents bore the same UN insignia used by international so-called “peace keeping” forces. Video documentation showed, and Brazilian federal authorities confirmed to The New American, that troops and equipment sporting the UN logo are indeed involved in the operation. However, officials claimed that the controversial global organization was not actually involved and that the soldiers and equipment had recently returned from “peace keeping” operations abroad, hence the insignia.
“My family has been on the lands we work since the '50s, but it is clear that nothing, not even our work time, our obedience to laws, the deed for the land, our huge production volume — nothing can protect us,” he said. “We can suddenly be informed that there is ‘Indian land' under our farms, and from that point onwards we cannot do anything in our defense.”
After the regime is done with farmers and ranchers, though, new classes of victims will find themselves in the crosshairs. “Nothing guarantees civil security in the Labor Party's (PT) Brazil, and this process will not end with just the persecution of farmers,” Guerreiro concluded. “In the end, everyone will have their property expropriated, exactly like what happened in Cuba, the paradise of the PT's dreams.”
As The New American reported years ago, socialist and communist forces are making significant progress throughout Latin America, with major support from abroad and just a handful of national governments resisting the trend. However, considering therecent birth of the Union of South American Nations (UNASUL or UNASUR) — a European Union-like transnational regimedominated by self-identified socialists — the people of the entire continent are facing the very real prospect of brutal tyranny in the not-too-distant future. And without a massive outcry, the farmers and poor workers of Suiá Missú will definitely not be the last victims.
Read story transcript
Thanks to light pollution, the simple act of gazing up at the stars is under threat. A new international scientific study reports that vast portions of the world's population now live in places where the stars are barely visible at night.
One of the study's co-authors with the U.S. National Park Service night sky program, Dan Duriscoe tells The Current's host Anna Maria that artificial light has taken away such a valuable experience. The lead author calls it "a cultural loss of unprecedented magnitude."
"It's kind of a future shock. People are growing up now without even knowing what they are missing."
In North America in particular, nearly 80 per cent of us can no longer see the Milky Way at night.
And in places such as Singapore and Kuwait, light pollution has obscured the dark of night entirely.
The Milky Way as seen from the rebel-held town of Douma, east of the Syrian capital Damascus, June 6, 2016, on the first day of the holy month of Ramadan. ( Sameer Al-Doumy/AFP/Getty Images)
Duriscoe points to the growth of population, outdoor lighting for advertising and pedestrian shopping areas as reasons why visibility in urban areas are blocking out the starry sky. While there are places to go without artificial light, Duriscoe says it's not realistic people will travel to such lengths to experience the wonder above them.
"It is pretty much an unfair or unreasonable impact on the majority of people who live in cities to deprive them of this opportunity or make it really so hard to get to that most people don't have time."
Stars of the Milky Way near Petersdorf, northeastern Germany. A recent study shows that 60 per cent of Europeans can't see Milky Way because of man-made lights. (Patrick Pleul/AFP/Getty Images)
But he does tell Anna Maria Tremonti all is not lost.
"There is hope that this trend of this increasing use of light could be reduced with new technologies and a little bit more judicial use of outdoor light."
Listen to our full conversation at the top of this post including Canadian astronaut Dr. Roberta Bondar on why stars are critical to humanity and our relation to the universe.
This segment was produced by The Current's Willow Smith and Marc Apollonio.
A Christmas episode, even a slight off-season one, dovetails quite nicely with this season's themes — when the idea of providing for your family actually ends up eclipsing your family. Lord knows Kenny doesn't know where one ends and the other begins. Since the last episode, when he left April and the kids, he's descended into the hedonistic luxe bachelor life he'd been aspiring to since season one, having sex with women up against the all-glass walls of his hotel room and then snorting some coke in the shape of a Christmas tree. Meanwhile, Stevie got that chin implant and looks like a twin that Kyle McLachlan absorbed in utero.
Christmas is not about winning, unless you are Kenny Powers, in which case everything is about winning. He plans to “wins Christmas” by buying the kids better presents than subdued, sad April; he also “wins the divorce” by keeping April from seeing any of the money in the joint bank account and rolling up to proceedings in a wheelchair with a SARS mask and big sunglasses (the first of multiple celeb affectations we see from Kenny in this episode). On the other hand, Stevie, who has an indeterminate but probably something-like-a-7-year-old's IQ level, knows he has what's important (the love of his wife and kids) but feels humiliated that he can't buy them anything for Christmas, since he splashed out on all that plastic surgery for his chin and Maria's new mondo cans.
Now that Kenny's lost the single remaining thread connecting him to reality, he is descending down the alpha-male hole Guy Young left in Sports Sesh with an even more fascist touch than Young had. In place of a little Christmas novelty act they've done in past years, Kenny wants to orchestrate a Very Special Christmas Episode full of hot women as reindeer and himself flying in on a high wire. Anyone who disagrees is directed to his bodyguards: “Any of y'all want to fuck with two dudes wearing Wilsons black leather coats?” Co-stars begin to drop out of the show because he's being such a dick.
Every time Cassie and Dustin appear, they play it with such gravity and dignity that it's like they are from a completely different show, in the best way. (Can we remake Roseanne with them?) Cassie is worried about Kenny wandering Charlotte unmoored and lonely on Christmas, rolling on X at Denny's at three in the morning, mechanically eating a Grand Slam. She invites him to spend Christmas Eve caroling with them. “You've got lonely eyes, Kenny, I can see it.” As expected, he declines (“That shit's for Christians and retards”), flashes some dollars at her and acts like he's doing just awesome — which, as these things are wont to do, comes off too manic to be believable.
But at Dadsmas (December 23), it's not Tiffany's tiara, a Rolex watch, Nobu catering, or even an elf “helper” hired by Kenny (William H. Macy as a little person, swear to Christ) that Shana and Toby want for Christmas: They want Dakota the Craigslist wolf back in the garage, a.k.a. Kenny back in the house. Even kids — hell, even kids who are genetically 50 percent Powers — realize that family is the True Meaning of Christmas. Kenny doesn't even get it when he drops the kids back off at April's (in veils, à la Prince, Paris, and Blanket) and she gives him some wrapped knickknack she saw at Marshall's. “It made me think of you.” He is taken aback enough to not say something snide about how cheap it probably was, but gruffly mutters: “I didn't get you anything. I figured the gift-giving part was no longer in effect. Along with the wedding vows.”
Stevie has been quietly despairing over his perceived failure as a provider for the entire episode, and finally, when Kenny shuts down Taters and Tits owing to flagging business (and Kenny's general inability to tolerate anything post-April split), Stevie loses it — this was the one way he was planning to raise the cash to buy the kids gifts. After all of this time, despite it being proven repeatedly, he can't believe that Kenny doesn't care about him. He storms off.
Christmas Eve is not off to an auspicious start; after pregaming with half a bottle of Jack in his dressing room, Kenny bombs the Christmas show, ranting drunkenly about the problems at home and calling Santa a dicklicker. (This pretty much ensures that his time at Sports Sesh is over; they wouldn't stand for Guy's racism, but I'd guess that anti-Christmas tirades go down even worse with most Americans). Back in his room, he unwraps the knickknack April got him. It's an ornament with a baseball player on it. He stares at it and drinks some more. Sometimes it is the thought that counts, he might be realizing — and on the flip side, flashy lobster-and-opera dates are empty if there is no sentiment behind it.
Stevie's attempted suicide, a pistol to his chin in a seamy motel room, was silly and weirdly affecting at the same time, like a demented It's a Wonderful Life. As Kenny and Maria talk him down, he sobs in his underwear: “I can't even fuck you unless I'm wearing fancy pants.” (Maria, super-earnest: “But you eat my pussy so good!” Kenny: “Listen to her. You eat her pussy really good.”) Ultimately, Stevie comes to his senses. “What am I doing? This is so stupid! [Presents aren't] the meaning of Christmas!”
Kenny: “No, they're not!” [He truly seems to mean this.]
Stevie: “The real meaning of Christmas is—”
[Stevie accidentally shoots his chin off, which we all saw coming but still manages to to be SUPER GROSS.]
A blood-stained and still-drunk Kenny, having been touched by the scene between Maria and Stevie, realizes the Meaning of Christmas. He then staggers up behind Dustin, Cassie, and the other carolers and begins to bellow “Silent Night” with them, eventually crashing on Dustin's couch. He confesses, not intentionally unkindly, but genuinely perplexed, that he envies Dustin's quiet life as a family man — that nothing else is expected of him. “It's like they love you for being nothing.”
Dustin just sort of nods, takes it with a grain of salt. At this point, he's not mad at Kenny anymore — he just feels sorry for him.
In the end, Kenny gives Christmas gifts that have emotional meaning: The long-awaited screenplay for in-recovery Stevie, some gifts for Stevie and Maria's kids, and a re-captured Dakota for Shana and Toby. And that helper elf for Cassie and Dustin. But I'm not sure if that actually means anything.
Extras:
Everybody's watching the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank these days and speculating about what they are going to do. Given Bernanke's speech yesterday in Cambridge, markets now appear to be perceiving a still-dovish Fed.
But why is the Fed still so dovish? What are they worried about? Here's an interesting twist: Few people are talking about the complete collapse in money velocity, which is now at a five-decade low.
See the chart below:
[img:/assets/13/0711/1444] Money velocity is one of those key metrics on the Fed dashboard. If the trillions in Fed stimulus were really working it's way into the economy or "Main St." as was designed, you would see an increase in rate that money moves through the economic system with lending, monetary transactions, and economic activity -- the measure known as Money Velocity.
When economic activity is high and at risk of overheating, such is in the late 1990s, the velocity of money is high, reflecting the vact that money is changing hands in transactions and banking activity. In fact, the opposite is now happening. As witnessed by chart above, money velocity, as measured by the M1 and M2 measures, has collapsed. This may reflect the econoimc malaise that things are not as good as the financial markets appear to be telling us.
If you want a quick lesson on this, follow this awesome Khan Academy video.
With the velocity of money plummeting, it's clear that something in the fractional reserve banking system is broken -- the money remains trapped in the financial system.
Yet another indicator of this is the Fed's Money Multiplier, or an indicator of how the money injected in the banking system is multiplied by lending and economic activity. That's reached new lows recently too, indicating that the fractional reserve system is not living up to expectations.
[img:/assets/13/0711/1447]
All of this is deflationary, not inflationary, and may explain why the trillions in Fed stimulus has not resulted in massive inflation that has been predicted. This also explains why the Fed has remained so accomodative and reluctant to pull the stimulus, because of underlying deflationary forces.
This is great for Wall St., but not necessarily good for Main St. It means that traders with access to large amounts of cheap trading capital can continue to make big bets as the Fed supports their access to capital -- but small businesses can't get the same access to capital. As Gloom, Doom, and Boom report publisher Marc Faber recently pointed out in Barron's, this means the rich get richer and the middle and lower classes continue to suffer. "Money-printing boosts the economy of the people closest to the money flow," said Faber in the Barron's interview. "But it doesn't help the worker in Detroit, or the vast majority of the middle class. It leads to a widening wealth gap. The majority loses, and the minority wins," said Faber in the interview. Here's another problem for the Fed: Think of this stimulus/money supply as a reservoir, filling up with water. As you pump stimulus into the banking system, they improve their balance sheets and use carry trades to make money. After the financial debacle of 2008, the banks have been very conservative about shoring up their reserves and hoarding cash. But eventually, if you keep pumping and pumping more water into the reservoir, the dam will eventually overflow -- and in that money, or water, will have to spill over into the real economy. With unprecedented $3 Trillion in monetary stimulus in the last few years, it's clear the Fed can't be sure when this overflow will happen, of even what it looks like. When it starts to happen, it could happen very quickly, with unintended consequences, and the Fed will have to respond if inflation suddenly takes off. This is why the Fed's decision about what to do about simulus is so difficult. They've created themselves quite a trap.
Read more posts on The Rayno Report »
HAVANA – The first U.S. cruise ship in nearly 40 years crossed the Florida Straits from Miami and docked in Havana on Monday, restarting commercial travel on waters that served as a stage for a half-century of Cold War hostility.
Carnival Cruise Line's Adonia became the first U.S. cruise ship in Havana since President Jimmy Carter eliminated virtually all restrictions of U.S. travel to Cuba in the late 1970s.
Travel limits were restored after Carter left office and U.S. cruises to Cuba only become possible again after Presidents Barack Obama and Raul Castro declared detente on Dec. 17, 2014.
Hundreds of workers and passersby gathered to watch, some cheering, as the gleaming white 704-passenger ship operated by Carnival's Fathom subsidiary pulled into the dock – the first step toward a future in which thousands of ships a year could cross the Florida Straits, long closed to most U.S.-Cuba traffic due to tensions that once brought the world to the brink of nuclear war.
The straits were blocked by the U.S. during the Cuban Missile Crisis and tens of thousands of Cubans have fled across them to Florida on homemade rafts – with untold thousands dying in the process.
READ MORE: Fidel Castro gives rare speech saying he will die soon, but his ideas will outlive him
The number of Cubans trying to cross the straits is at its highest point in eight years and cruises and merchant ships regularly rescue rafters from the straits.
The Adonia is one of Carnival's smaller ships – roughly half the size of some larger European vessels that already dock in Havana – but U.S. cruises are expected to bring Cuba tens of millions of dollars in badly needed foreign hard currency if traffic increases as expected. More than a dozen lines have announced plans to run U.S.-Cuba cruises and if all actually begin operations Cuba could earn more than $80 million a year, according to the U.S.-Cuba Trade and Economic Council said in a report Monday.
Most of the money goes directly to the Cuban government, council head John Kavulich said. He estimated that the cruise companies pay the government $500,000 per cruise, while passengers spend about $100 person in each city they visit.
Carnival says the Adonia will cruise twice a month from Miami to Havana, where it will start a $1,800 per person seven-day circuit of Cuba with stops in the cities of Cienfuegos and Santiago de Cuba. The trips include on-board workshops on Cuban history and culture and tours of the cities that make them qualify as “people-to-people” educational travel, avoiding a ban on pure tourism that remains part of U.S. law.
Optional activities for the Adonia's passengers include a walking tour of Old Havana's colonial plazas and a $219 per person trip to the Tropicana cabaret in a classic car.
Before the 1959 Cuban revolution, cruise ships regularly travelled from the U.S. to Cuba, with elegant Caribbean cruises departing from New York and $42 overnight weekend jaunts leaving twice a week from Miami, said Michael L. Grace, an amateur cruise ship historian.
READ MORE: Florida mayor to row from Cuba to U.S. to understand struggle of Cuban refugees
New York cruises featured dressy dinners, movies, dancing and betting on “horse races” in which steward dragged wooden horses around a ballroom track according to rolls of dice that determined how many feet each could move per turn.
The United Fruit company operated once-a-week cruise service out of New Orleans, too, he said.
“Cuba was a very big destination for Americans, just enormous,” he said.
Cruises dwindled in the years leading up to the Cuban Revolution and ended entirely after Castro overthrew the U.S.-backed government.
After Carter dropped limits on Cuba travel, 400 passengers, including musical legend Dizzy Gillespie sailed from New Orleans to Cuba on a 1977 “Jazz Cruise” aboard the MS Daphne. Like the Adonia, it sailed despite dockside protests by Cuban exiles, and continued protests and bomb threats forced Carras Cruises to cancel additional sailings, Grace said.
The following year, however, Daphne made a several cruise from New Orleans to Cuba and other destinations in the Caribbean.
Cuba cut back on all cruise tourism in 2005, ending a joint venture with Italian terminal management company Silares Terminales del Caribe and Fidel Castro blasted cruise ships during a 4 1/2 hour speech on state television.
READ MORE: Cubans eager for change after Obama visit
“Floating hotels come, floating restaurants, floating theatres, floating diversions visit countries to leave their trash, their empty cans and papers for a few miserable cents,” Castro said.
Today, the Cuban government sees cruises as an easy source of revenue that can bring thousands more American travellers without placing additional demand on the country's maxed-out food supplies and overbooked hotels.
Before detente, Americans made surreptitious yacht trips to Cuba during Caribbean vacations and the number of Americans coming by boat has climbed since 2014, including passengers on cruise ships registered in third countries and sailing from other ports in the Caribbean. Traffic remains low, however, for a major tourist attraction only 90 miles (145 kilometres) from Florida.
Aiming to change that as part of a policy of diplomatic and economic normalization, Obama approved U.S. cruises to Cuba in 2015. The Doral, Florida-based Carnival Cruise Line announced during Obama's historic trip to Cuba in March that it would begin cruises to Cuba starting May 1.
Unexpected trouble arose after Cuban-Americans in Miami began complaining that Cuban rules barred them from travelling to the country of their birth by ship. As Carnival considered delaying the first sailing, Cuba announced April 22 it was changing the rule to allow Cubans and Cuban-Americans to travel on cruise ships, merchant vessels and, sometime in the future, yachts and other private boats.
READ MORE: Thinking of travelling to Cuba? Travel expert says go now
Norwegian Cruise Line says it is in negotiations with Cuban authorities and hopes to begin cruises from the U.S. to Cuba this year.
Cruise traffic is key to the Cuban government's reengineering of the industrial Port of Havana as a tourist attraction. After decades of treating the more than 500-year-old bay as a receptacle for industrial waste, the government is moving container traffic to the Port of Mariel west of the city, tearing out abandoned buildings and slowly renovating decrepit warehouses as breweries and museums connected by waterfront promenades.
Cruise dockings will be limited by the port's single cruise terminal, which can handle two ships at a time.
Children love to have loads of fun in water and parents definitely love to provide a fun-filled and positive fun and recreation activity for children. However, water fun comes with its characteristic risks and each year toddlers die in swimming pools. Baby swimming lessons are great to teach children important water safety skills that go a long way in their life. There are dozens of swim academies in Houston and other cities of the USA, offering comprehensive baby swimming lessons to choose from.
However, a frequently asked question by most parents is, “what's the right age for baby swimming lessons?”
A report from American Academy of Pediatrics has published their report regarding formal swim lessons for children. According to their report, proper swim lessons for children can significantly reduce the risk of drowning among toddlers and babies. They have recommended the swim lesson age for children from as early as 1 to 3 years.
Remember, the final decision for the right swimming lessons depend upon a number of factors including the home environment (presence of pool in the home), the emotional well-being of the child, health-related concerns and much more.
Water Safety Skills begin at home:
Perhaps the best way to introduce a child to water safety/swimming skills is by the gradual and stepwise approach. Children can be oriented with water contact from the bath time. This is actually a great way to introduce a child with water contact and feel comfortable around water. Moms can have fun and share smiles with their children during bath time. This will help the child to grow in confidence in presence of water and learn some crucial water safety skills at home.
The Mom and Baby classes:
Ask any swim academy about mom and baby swimming lessons before you enroll the child in it. There are various swim academies I personally know in Houston, offering comprehensive mommy and baby swimming lessons. These special classes are great for babies aging 6 to 12 months. You can alternatively start giving these lessons yourself at community pools. Just wrap around double layers of swim diapers (for hygiene purpose) and walk towards a community pool. You'll find plenty of moms guiding along their toddlers for swim lessons there. Train your child basic water safety skills like floating in water or surviving underwater etc. Make sure to add loads of fun and thrill in between the lesson, to keep the child interested.
Swimming Skills for Fearful Kids
Ok, not all children are born with same talent. It is same when talking about swimming skills. Not all children find themselves comfortable around water and you got to be considerate about their abilities and comfort levels. Some children will take much longer to orient themselves with the water presence and it is the responsibility of parents to notice the child's behavior in proximity to water. If you find your little toddler to be uncomfortable, afraid of water during bath times, you can very well guess his/her lack of water skills. Be patient with such children and let them go slow and steady on their own. For such children, even the mom and baby classes can be too daunting to embark upon. The best way to instill water safety and swimming skills in such child is to let them over the fear of water during bath time, slowly and gradually they will eventually cope-up with their fears.
Formal Baby Swimming Lessons
For children who aren't very shy of water, formal baby swimming classes are ideally suited to polish their skills. These classes are conducted by professional trainers with certification and years of experience. In fact, most children who aren't shy or afraid of water, formal baby swimming lessons are the next step after mom and baby classes. You can also watch your child as he progresses in his swimming skills along with other children in the pool.
Final Words:
Remember, there is no standard age for baby swimming lessons. Children are born with natural swimming instincts and it is only with time that they develop a fear of water. The best way to teach a child swimming lessons is by taking a slow and gradual approach. This will help the child to overcome the water fear without any drowning risk (which is one of the prime child death reason in the US).
U.S. Acting Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights and Labor Uzra Zeya speaks to reporters at a news briefing on the latest U.S.-China Human Rights Dialogue Friday, Aug. 2, 2013, in Beijing. The United States is deeply concerned about what it sees as a deteriorating human rights situation in China, with relatives of activists increasingly being harassed and policies in ethnic areas becoming more repressive, senior U.S. diplomat Zeya said Friday. (AP Photo/Didi Tang)
BEIJING (AP) — The United States is deeply concerned about what it sees as a deteriorating human rights situation in China, with relatives of activists increasingly being harassed and policies in ethnic areas becoming more repressive, a senior U.S. diplomat said Friday.
Acting Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights and Labor Uzra Zeya said that this week's U.S.-China Human Rights Dialogue fell short of Washington's expectations, but that going forward with the continuing talks remained a "vital" part of U.S. diplomacy.
Zeya led the U.S. delegation at the talks Tuesday and Wednesday in the southwestern Chinese city of Kunming, where she said U.S. diplomats "conveyed our deep concern about attempts to control and silence activists by targeting family members and associates of the activists."
"This is a worrisome trend, and one which we have raised at senior levels with the Chinese government," she said.
Rights watchers have been alarmed by Chinese officials' targeting of relatives of high-profile dissidents including blind lawyer Chen Guangcheng, who exposed abuses in the enforcement of China's one-child policies, and Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo, imprisoned since 2009 on subversion charges after he campaigned for peaceful democratic change in China.
Chen's relatives have been harassed in their rural hometown in Shandong province. Liu's wife has been placed under house arrest in Beijing and her brother recently was sentenced to 11 years in prison over a business dispute, a stiff penalty for what supporters described as a vendetta against the family for Liu's activism.
Beijing has repeatedly rejected U.S. criticism of China's human rights record, saying that Washington is biased against China and distorts the situation.
"A real human rights dialogue should be based on mutual trust and respect, and only such human rights dialogues would be meaningful and effective," said an editorial posted on a news website run by the information office of China's State Council during the U.S.-China Human Rights Dialogue.
The editorial predicted no substantial progress from the dialogue and no change in the status quo.
Wang Dong, associate professor at Peking University's School of International Studies, said having a dialogue is better than no talks between the two countries, even though there have been no breakthroughs.
"It's a way to increase mutual understanding," Wang said. "Both sides can state their stances on matters with which they are concerned. It promotes understanding and reduces the chances of misjudgment."
The talks have led to more common ground between Beijing and Washington than two decades ago, Wang said.
Zeya said U.S. diplomats highlighted the increasing desire of the Chinese public to speak up about issues such as corruption, environmental degradation and the lack of rule of law, and that the Americans raised concerns over China's tight restrictions on religious freedom and freedom of expression, assembly and association, especially in ethnically Tibetan and Uighur areas.
She said the U.S. urged the Chinese government to engage in dialogue with the Dalai Lama, the Tibetan spiritual leader, or his representatives without preconditions and that her team called into question the pattern of arrests and extralegal detentions of China's public interest lawyers, Internet activists, journalists, religious leaders and others who have challenged official policies and actions in China.
"We know that such actions are contrary to China's international obligation and indeed in most cases China's own laws and constitution," Zeya said.
The U.S. also raised specific cases of individuals who are imprisoned, detained or under house arrest, including activists Xu Zhiyong, Gao Zhisheng and Ni Yulan, several Tibetan, Uighur and Mongolian activists, as well as Liu and his wife. Zeya said the Americans were able to get some information on these cases, but she did not reveal details.
The dialogue "overall fell short of our expectations," she said.
Also on Friday, a Chinese journalist was believed to have been taken away by national security officers for supporting Xu, who has championed building a stronger civil society through his New Citizens Movement. Xu is in police detention on suspicion of gathering people to disturb public order.
Chen Min, a former editorial writer for China's Southern Weekly newspaper whose pen name is Xiaoshu, became incommunicado after he met with national security officers at noon Friday as scheduled, said Wang Gongquan, a venture capitalist and a close friend of Xiaoshu.
Wang said he lost touch with Xiaoshu after Xiaoshu sent an instant message saying the officers demanded he leave Beijing.
A documentary film about a transgender woman in Hawaii that has received awards and won wide praise is being cited by a Republican congressman as a waste of government money and a reason to eliminate federal funding for public broadcasting.
Maryland Republican Andy Harris made his remarks at a House subcommittee hearing where the head of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting was speaking with lawmakers.
President Donald Trump's proposed budget calls for eliminating funding for CPB, which uses federal support to help fund National Public Radio and the Public Broadcasting Service. The administration also wants to cut all funding for the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities.
"Kumu Hina" (2014)
IndieWire reported late last month that the CPB head heard “mostly support” from congressional members in attendance. But that was not the case with Harris, who in addition to dissing “Kumu Hina” also identified the documentaries “The New Black” and “Baby Mama High” as inappropriate for government funding.
All three documentaries were supported by PBS' “Independent Lens” series.
“When you produce shows like ‘Kumu Hina,' almost a third-of-a-million-dollar investment, or ‘Baby Mama High' (which cost) $50,000 … I have to respond to people in my district … and in fact they would resent if I was publicly funding that,” Harris said.
Harris suggested that the CPB had a political agenda in supporting the films.
Stories About Women Of Color
“Kumu Hina,” released in 2014, chronicles a year in the life of Honolulu resident Hina Wong-Kalu, a Native Hawaiian mahu, or transgender person. As a kumu (“teacher” and “community leader”), Wong-Kalu uses traditional culture to inspire her students.
“Baby Mama High,” released in 2013, is about the large number of American Latina teens who become pregnant, while “The New Black,” released in 2013, explores the battle for marriage equality in African-American communities.
“I can't explain to the people in my district why CPB invested $302,000 in ‘Kumu Hina,'” Harris said. “You give me the explanation, how I go to my constituents and say that was a good investment of their tax dollars. I'm in a highly Republican, conservative district.”
Last week, the directors of all three films — including Dean Hamer and Joe Wilson, who produced and directed “Kumu Hina” — issued a statement in response to Harris. They said the congressman unfairly attacked and mischaracterized their work.
“Each of these films focused on different stories about women of color in America,” they wrote. “We encourage viewers who appreciate seeing these and other stories of diverse, independent voices on public TV to contact their representatives. You may wish to tell Rep. Harris that you support the CPB by contacting him directly: https://harris.house.gov/contact-me.”
Hamer and Wilson, who live on Oahu's North Shore, rejected Harris' notion of a subversive agenda for the films.
In addition to national broadcast on “Independent Lens,” Wilson said, the Hawaii film “remains available for classroom use in public schools, colleges and universities across the country, being used primarily to help students training to become teachers deepen their understanding of diversity and inclusion.”
kumuhina.com
Said Hamer: “I think the only agenda behind ‘Kumu Hina' is to let people know the true meaning of aloha, and to educate students about the real history of Hawaii.”
Hamer said that PBS plays an important role in Hawaii because the islands are isolated from the rest of the United States.
He noted that Wong-Kalu, commonly known as Hina, is now teaching cultural empowerment at the Oahu Community Correctional Center and the Halawa Correctional Facility. Native Hawaiians are disproportionately represented in the jail and prison populations.
Wilson said this about Harris's criticism:
The thing that we don't want to be missed in this little kerfuffle is the way in which these inflammatory attacks, even when seemingly isolated or ineffective, are in their aggregate aimed at undermining public confidence in, and thereby support for, our public media, a unique outlet that helps to ensure that the full diversity of our communities are included in national conversations on the most important issues of the day, regardless of commercial appeal.
He added, “Such attacks also divert attention from the educational value added by CPB's relatively small investments in the production of content that would likely otherwise not see the light of day.”
According to its website, CBP has “been the steward of the federal government's investment in public broadcasting and the largest single source of funding for public radio, television, and related online and mobile services” since 1968.
CPB estimates that about $1.35 per American is spent per year to provide “essential operational support for the nearly 1,500 locally-owned and -operated public television and radio stations, which reach virtually every household in the country.”
Trump's Budget ‘Not Going To Happen'
The organization's total funding request for fiscal year 2018 is $445 million, with most of it going to public television and radio stations and programming.
Many of those groups have other funding support — for example, funding from CPB makes up less than 1 percent of NPR's annual operating budget.
The 2017 budget request for the National Endowment for the Arts was about $150 million, as was the request from the National Endowment for the Humanities.
To put that into perspective, consider that estimates to build Trump's proposed wall on the Mexican border range from $8 billion to $40 billion.
Trump's proposed budget, which must be negotiated with Congress by September, was widely panned by members of both parties.
U.S. Sen. Brian Schatz, a Hawaii Democrat, said last month, “The president's budget proposal is simply that – a proposal. It's not going to happen.”
Retired Army Gen. Stanley McChrystal wrote a recent op-ed for The New York Times titled, “Save PBS. It makes us safer.”
See the trailer for “Kumu Hina”:
News in Science
Conformity 'doubly hard' to beat
Conformity rules Even when people try to be different from each other, they may end up conforming with the majority around them, a new model suggests.
Breaking the stranglehold of conformity only depends on a few extreme outliers, say the authors of a new paper published today in the Royal Society journal Open Science.
"Conformity is 'doubly hard' to beat -- it can obviously happen when people imitate one another, but it can also set in even when folks are trying to be distinct," says mathematical social scientist Professor Joshua Epstein of Johns Hopkins University.
"You have to be creative if you want to resist it, reverse it or interrupt it."
Epstein says previous attempts to model conformity in social systems have focused on how it results from some kind of imitation.
In their model, he and colleague Dr Paul Smaldino of the University of California, Davis did something different. They allowed for people wanting to be a bit different from the average.
Each individual in the model had a starting position -- it could be a political view or a fashion statement -- that was measured in standard deviations from the mean.
And they had a preferred position, which might be different from this starting position.
As the model ran, an individual would move in the direction of their preferred position (towards or away from the mean).
But as each individual moved, this changed the mean and also changed the movement of all other individuals.
"There's this constant feedback between people's positions and their objectives."
The amazing thing was that the end point of this process was that all positions collapsed in to the average position.
"If all they [people] care about is moving in the direction of the goal, they all end up in the same darn position," says Epstein.
"It is a very counter-intuitive result ... Nobody had really thought that you could get conformity out of people trying to be distinct."
Epstein says this could help explain phenomenon such as fashion cycles.
Breaking the mould
Epstein and Smaldino played around a bit more with their model to explore what it would take to break this stranglehold of conformity.
They introduced into their model a force of repulsion from the mean to counter the powerful underlying force to conform.
And they found that just a small minority of people who refused to be average could shake up the conformist trend.
Even 8 per cent of non-conformists could have a large influence on the mean and force everyone else to recalculate their positions and increasing diversity, says Epstein.
"A small minority of extreme nonconformists can have a large influence on a population," he says, adding that extremity is a relative thing: for example it doesn't take much to be extremely different when everyone is identical, but when there is a lot of diversity, it takes a lot more effort to be extremely different.
Of course, like conformity, non-conformity can have good and bad impacts, he says, but it is important in democratic societies where sustained diversity is essential.
Epstein says the findings suggest that breaking up the power of large "monolithically conformist organisations like ISIS" depends on outliers within the group.
"The best way to combat monolithic conformist organisations may not be to attack them from without -- because the conformist tendency/stability is so deep -- but, rather, to foster diversity from within," he says.
Smaldino says the model shows the more extreme minority views, the fewest of them are required to shift the average view and create more diversity.
He says the findings could also have applications in generating more diversity in political debate.
Psychologists and sociologists have been interested in how individual level behaviours relate to conformity and this is the first mathematical model to look at this.
But, says Smaldino, there are other factors from peer pressure to law enforcement that influence our attitude to conformity.
"I view this model as a building block towards a more complete model of human behaviour."
Related: Marching in unison makes men feel powerful
Related: Beards might be back, but not for long
Since its 2009 launch, Borderlands has captivated millions with its unique fusion of first-person shooting and loot-centric role-playing action. With its sequel, Gearbox Software's genre splice offers up some sorely needed improvements to the formula. It's not always even, but there's no argument that Borderlands 2 is an exceptionally fun experience.
Like its predecessor, Borderlands 2 takes place on the alien planet of Pandora, a mineral-rich land in which mega-corporations mine planetary resources for profit. You take on the role of one of four Vault Hunters, a special breed of mercenary who loot and raid their way to the planet's most treasured resource, vaults full of untold riches (or so it seems). They're tasked with taking down the villainous Handsome Jack, head of the Hyperion Corporation--and one of the most gloriously sneering nemeses seen in a video game in some time.
Borderlands 2's main hook is its focus on "shooting and looting." To that degree, the sequel offers significantly more choice and customization than its predecessor. Guns are broken down into brands and damage modifiers. So, for example, a gun made by Hyperion will have a more high tech feel, whereas another line may provide punchier gunplay.
The damage modifiers--fire, acid, and electricity, among others--all factor in heavily when selecting the best tool to take down enemy types. It provides a strong sense of strategy to how to approach a mob of hostiles. Though the early stage weapons lack certain tactility, there's a heft to higher-level guns that's truly satisfying.
On the go While it's pretty amazing a game as big and detailed as Borderlands 2 can be played on the PlayStation Vita, it's by no means the best way to experience the game. The visual quality is--unsurprisingly--noticeably inferior to the Vita's console counterparts, but looks totally fine in action. Unfortunately, the clunky control scheme and frequent framerate stutters transform intense gunfights into frustrating slogs that only the most diehard Borderlands fans would bother to put up with. Scroll down to the bottom of the page for more detailed impressions of Borderlands 2 on the Vita.
You also have more ability to customize your character. Whether through in-game collectible skins or the base choices, you can pick from multiple face types and outfits to give your Vault Hunter more personality. Each Vault Hunter has a different specialty class, from the dual-wielding Gunzerker, turret-toting Commando and sneaky Assassin to the returning Siren class.
Alongside the satisfying gunplay, Borderlands 2 continues the tradition of four-player online co-operative play. The game scales difficulty according to how many people are participating in the game and with higher difficulty, the opportunities increase for rare items, more experience, and shared money. But there are some problems within the framework that are annoying. Death is inevitable, and it's irritating in some spots to spawn away from teammates and have to backtrack across some big areas to reunite with your squad (or fall into some geometry and get stuck).
The bitterest pill to swallow is that in sections of the game, you can earn experience and loot playing co-op in someone else's missions, but won't always have that progress reflected in your own campaign. For some missions, there's an offer to skip past something you've done, and in others, it's never provided. Nor is it ever clearly explained why some missions allow for this hop and some don't. Make sure you're playing with friends, and if you plan multiple playthroughs, let someone else host another game so that they get the story progression.
One of the biggest complaints about the first title was its lack of in-depth story. Although Borderlands 2's narrative may not rival the likes of Mass Effect's arc, it does a great job of toeing the line between morbid goofiness and somber emotional beats. The Vault Hunters of the prior game return, and whether you've played the first game or not, you'll be very attached to them before long. More than anything, it's a game propelled by a strong villain who's a vain sociopath. You'll want to endure some lackluster moments solely to make Handsome Jack eat his words. It's a great hook.
The lackluster moments are certainly there, though. Although speedier players can likely clear the game in 30 hours, it may take others upwards of 40 to 50, and it feels like a chunk of that is filler.
Granted, loot-based RPGs are all about grinding your way up to the best weapons and armor, but Borderlands 2 feels artificially long in some stretches. Some side quests are funny, or they provide more color for the NPCs you encounter. Others feel less inspired and more designed to pad the experience. If you're playing through mostly solo, you'll feel the effect even more strongly, since level progression feels like it comes to a screeching halt at points.
But for the grievances that make Borderlands 2 feel like a slog at times, it also rewards you through many other means. The boss battles, from zany characters to gigantic, exaggerated robots, all feel grandiose in scale, and even if they can be frustrating to beat, they're memorable to battle. Also, with the right mix of co-op teammates, the combination of multiple skill sets provides profoundly satisfying moments.
Borderlands 2 is a fulfilling experience. The improvements to gunplay and customization take it further than its predecessor. Its story gives you enough hooks and motivators to want to see it through to the end. Unfortunately, it may feel like a bit of a slog to get there, and you'll want to sort out exactly who's hosting that game between you and your online friends very early on. However, with a well-balanced squad, there are few more pleasing experiences than taking down a gigantic robot constructor through four unique skillsets. If you like to shoot, and you dig collecting loot, Borderlands 2 has enough to scratch your itch for some time to come.
A great FPS / RPG hybrid, Borderlands 2 is a hilarious, fantastic co-op experience.
This game was reviewed on Xbox 360.
Stage One : ENFP will start feeling a bit lonely and disconnected. They will think it's just a stage that will pass, and will try to ignore it.
Stage Two: The ENFP will start feeling even more lonely, this can usually be brought about by having a hard time with family or feeling like they are insecure in their relationships in general. Stage One increases, and the ENFP will start feeling anxious.
Stage Three: The ENFP's feeling of anxiousness will become overbearing, and they may feel extremely insecure when talking to other people. They lose the quick wit and charm they used to have. The smile will because more nervous and the laugh will become less natural. They will still be trying to convince themselves it;s just a stage that they are going through and that nothing is wrong.
Stage Four: ENFP will most likely hit shut down mode. They will not talk to other people about their feelings or what is going on unless asked specific, prying questions. They will have a really hard time talking to people and feeling like they can relate. They will start coming across as an introvert.
Stage Five: The ENFP will be extremely stressed, lonely, and emotional. May start bursting out randomly and be extremely moody. Will experience periods of highs and lows. The ENFP may start crying over something seemingly insignificant. They will do this because there is so much bottled feelings up inside and that may have been the last thing to set them off edge.
Stage Six: The ENFP will start lashing out at other people like above, but more extremely. Will most likely show complete and utter disregard for authority. They will also start hurting the people they care about, to make them back off and go away. All the while the ENFP, through the stages, will try to convince themselves that nothing is wrong and that they will get better, and thus the problem worsens.
Stage Seven: They will finally admit to themselves that there is a problem but try consciously to contradict it. They will try to force themselves to relax and be wonderful again. They will try to establish the facts- what the problems are, how it went wrong, and what to do.
Stage Eight: If it gets worse at this point, the ENFP will not be acting like themselves at all. They will not be thinking clearly, and will most likely suffer from being illogical, irrational, and as well may suffer from extremely headaches. They will give up on caring and will not pay attention to the world around them, instead focusing all of their energy into their inner world of what they feel and dwell on it. They will no longer have any motivation to care or do the things they love.
Stage Nine: Your ENFP will start enjoying dark humor ad freaking other people out for the hell of it, especially the people they care about. However, at this stage they will not do this too extremely to the people they care about because their is that small piece of the ENFP that wants to hold the relationship in tact. They will push you away and drag you back in, and become and emotional roller coaster for anyone and everyone around them. If you ask what is wrong, the ENFP will completely shoot you down unless it is in a structured environment and they think that you are somebody that they can trust. However at this point the ENFP will become extremely untrusting, so talking to them about anything is much like walking on fragile glass about to fall apart and break forever. The ENFP will hold grudges.
Stage Ten: Complete personality turnaround, the ENFP will have lost it, or will have appeared to. Complete emotional instability and recklessness. They will be completely and utterly impulsive to the point of stupidity. They will not care about their well being or anybody else's. At this pion, the ENFP will be so far in their heads it will be nearly impossible to get through to them unless you sink to his or her own level of insanity and instability. They will have given up on life altogether, and will most likely have forgotten what it was like to really feel alive and well again.
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venzuela's gaffe-prone President Nicolas Maduro says his latest verbal mix-up was a deliberate attempt to outwit opponents who love to portray him as a buffoon and ignore the socialist government's advances.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro talks to the media during a news conference at the Miraflores Palace in Caracas September 9, 2013. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
In the best tradition of global figures from former U.S. President George W. Bush to Britain's Prince Philip, the 50-year-old Venezuelan leader has been sometimes tripping up during his daily, hours-long speeches.
The latest incident was over the weekend, when Maduro told Venezuelans the government was going to give children 35 million “books and pounds” (“libros y libras”) for Monday's return to school.
That prompted jeers on the Internet from critics, casting Maduro's erroneous offer of millions in British currency to kids as further evidence of incompetence.
But the president re-appeared hours later in an attempt to have the last laugh. He said the mistake was a deliberate trick so that media usually antagonistic to him would in fact show the clip where he is offering the free school materials.
“The right wing is stupid. As they want to censure the historic fact that we are going to give 35 million books to the boys and girls of Venezuela ... I left them a little trap, and some fell for it,” he told supporters.
“Some of the most stupid ones put the video on Twitter. Great! Because they show where I say we're giving away 35 million books. At least people see it. If they hide things due to hatred of the fatherland, I'm obliged to find other ways.”
Maduro, a former bus driver who rose to be vice president under President Hugo Chavez and then won election after the death of his mentor from cancer this year, frequently refers to himself with pride as Venezuela's first “worker-president.”
Supporters say the fact that a man like him - without a university degree and the traditional background of most presidents - can rise to power, shows how Chavez's 14-year rule transformed Venezuela and gave opportunities to all.
“PEOPLE'S PRESIDENT”
Opponents though, among the nearly half of Venezuelans who did not vote for Maduro in April, often portray him as an ignoramus who only won power because he had Chavez's blessing and has been incapable of creating any identity of his own.
Maduro's most embarrassing mixup was when he was alluding to the biblical miracle of Jesus feeding the multitude. The president spoke of a multiplication of “penises” instead of “fishes”, muddling the Spanish words “penes” and “peces.”
On that occasion last month, Maduro apologized.
During his multiple Chavez-style, meandering live appearances on state TV, Maduro has also caused titters by telling a nurse to check his heart with a “telescope” instead of a stethoscope, and muddled up his masculine and feminine endings in Spanish grammar with the word “millions.”
Showing a healthy sense of humor, Maduro satirized his own misuse of the Spanish word “millonas”, instead of “millones”, saying he had made a formal request to the Spanish Language Academy for its inclusion as a new term.
He has also laughed in public at opponents' nickname for him, “Maburro” - a wordplay on the Spanish for donkey, “burro.”
On Twitter, the president has sometimes misspelled words in messages to his 1.35 million followers.
His image was not helped over the weekend when he fell of his bike during a government sports event. State TV cameras kindly panned up, while Maduro picked himself up and carried on.
That brought a torrent of mockery from opponents via Twitter. “Who will he blame now? The CIA? (Opposition leader) Capriles? Ha-ha-ha!” wrote one. “God help us. If he can't ride a bike, how can he manage Venezuela?” asked another.
Supporters remained steadfast. “So Nicolas fell off a bike?” said U.S.-Venezuelan lawyer and writer Eva Golinger. “At least he's a human being. That's what a people's president should be.”
On March 10, I gave a talk to an audience of more than 700 French nationalists in Paris. The meeting was called to oppose current proposals to let foreigners from non-European Union countries vote in local elections in France—and it certainly did that. But far more important, it was a ringing assertion of French identity in the face of massive Third-World immigration.
This was a meeting on a scale and of a quality not yet possible in the United States. The speakers were politicians, authors, academics, and corporate executives, many with national reputations, and all were united in what they want for France. Catherine Blein, president of Nationality, Identity, Citizenship (NCI) which sponsored the event, spoke for all when she declared, “French we are, and French we must remain, in a Europe that is once again European!” Nor did she shrink from explaining how this will happen: “The future of foreigners is not in France but in their native lands. That is where their loyalties lie and that is where they must return.”
Of course, there was opposition. Early in the week, vandals broke the windows of the Espace Charenten, the hall where the meeting was to take place. When Michele Blumenthal, the Socialist mayor of the 12th ward (Paris is divided into 20 wards, each with its own mayor), which includes the Espace Charenten, heard about the meeting she said: “This type of gathering is not just scandalous but, above all, intolerable, because it stigmatizes some of our fellow citizens . . . and contributes to a discourse that reeks of xenophobia.” She urged the police to “assign officers to attend the debates start to finish” in order to “monitor all speech that is racist, revisionist, or incites racial hatred, so that criminal charges may be brought as needed.” There was no need for that, of course, since all the talks were streamed live over the Internet.
Police were, indeed, present in force, but stayed outside. Dressed in bullet-proof vests and shin guards, armed with clubs and automatic pistols, they kept a small band of scruffy protesters well away from the Espace Charenton.
So, what sort of “incitement to hatred” took place at the conference?
Jean-Yves Le Gallou (who did an interview for American Renaissance a number of years ago), one of the founders of the prestigious intellectual circle knows as the Club de l'Horloge, listed a number of elements that define French nationality, of which this was the first:
“To be French is to be part of a lineage that stretches back into the mists of time, whose character—white and European—remained essentially unchanged until the beginning of the 1970s.”
He was one of several speakers who quoted General de Gaulle:
It is well that there be yellow Frenchmen, black Frenchmen, and brown Frenchmen, for this shows that France is open to all races and has a universal vocation—but only on condition that they remain a small minority. Otherwise France will cease to be France. We are, after all and above all, a European people of the white race with a culture that is Grecian and Latin and a religion that is Christianity.
Mr. Le Gallou also quoted Ernest Renan (1823—1892) on national identity: “We note that in order to create such a [national] spirit the following are [necessary but] not sufficient: race, language, common interests, a religious affinity, a territory, military preparedness. What else is necessary?”
Renan went on to answer:
To have shared past glories, to have a common will in the present, to have done wonderful things in the past and yearn to do yet more, these are the essential conditions to be a people. We love in proportion to the sacrifices we accept, the ills we have suffered. . . . The Spartan hymn “we are what you were and will become what you are” is, in its simplicity, the anthem of every fatherland.
Popular radio personality Jean-Paul Bourre was unable to attend the conference itself, but in remarks prepared and distributed beforehand, he warned of the threat of invasion:
It is no longer an obvious enemy, identifiable by its uniform and its flags, that is massing its divisions on the frontiers of Europe. The era of straight-forward war, when men chose between honor and treason is now part of a romantic past. Today we face a new form of conquest, conquest by deceit and cynical exploitation of “human rights” sentimentalism.
Mr. Bourre quoted current French president Nicolas Sarkozy in a speech of Dec. 17, 2008: “We must face the 21st-century challenge of miscegenation. It is not a choice but an obligation, an imperative.” Mr. Bourre called this an outrage, adding that “in another era, such a declaration would have sent citizens by the tens of thousands into the streets, and the ministries and other seats of power would have been reduced to ruin and ashes.”
Marc Rousset holds an MBA from Columbia and has had a 20-year career as an executive for major French companies, such as Aventis and Carrefour, with postings in Asia and Brazil. He warned that there is no guarantee that a people will survive:
In the second millennium before Christ, what is now Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan was not ruled by Asiatics but by an Aryan people, the Scythes. They spoke an Indo-European language and were described by Herodotus as “having blond and light-colored hair.” No doubt they succumbed to what the Slavs call “the white plague” of low birth rates and its corollary: the submersion by other ethnicities of greater fecundity.
Today, he said, the crisis of immigration “threatens to produce a catastrophe as serious as the fall of Byzantium and the capture by the Turks of Constantinople in 1453.”
Guillaume de Thieulloy, editor of a magazine called Les 4 Verités (The 4 Truths), spoke movingly of what a Frenchman feels for France:
We are not attached to France because it is the land of “human rights.” It is not even because it is one of the most beautiful countries in the world with a cultural heritage virtually without peer. It is for a reason far simpler and far more profound: It is because France is where we were born. It is because France nourished and reared us. Patriotism derives, as it should, from the Fifth Commandment that requires that we honor our fathers and mothers. France, like our parents, we accept and love, entirely aside from its qualities, for the sole fact that it is our fatherland.
Yves-Marie Laulan, who served in government under President Charles de Gaulle and in high positions in the NATO command, cited evidence for systematic lying by the French authorities about the consequences of immigration:
The secret intent of the government is clearly to hide the current catastrophic reality regarding the demographic situation in France. The goal of these lies is to present the public with a fait accompli that will be justified with the usual refrain, “it's too late; we must resign ourselves to the inevitable.”
One of the most impassioned talks was by Pierre Cassen, a militant trade unionist and former member of Revolutionary Communist League, who proved that nationalism is not the province only of the Right. He noted that immigration hurts workers because it lowers salaries, and that Islam is a threat to French identity. He is the founder of a group called Riposte Laïque (Lay Riposte), which rejects Islam root and branch. He pointed out that Marxism calls for international solidarity of labor, “but in no case is it an apology for any religion or immigration of any kind.” He called for an end to all immigration, legal or illegal because at stake “is nothing more nor less than the survival of the most beautiful country on earth: France.”
Filip Dewinter is a leader of the Vlaams Belang and spoke at the most recent American Renaissance conference (his latest book is reviewed here). He was one of the best received speakers at NCI, hammering home the need to defend the West:
If there is a challenge that Europe faces today it is none other than the combat to save our European identity. We Europeans must dare to rise up in the name of our identity. . . . As a European people, our identity can only be Occidental. Just as AIDS destroys the human body's resistance against disease, multiculturalism attacks our resistance against assaults on our identity, our civilization, our culture, and our existence as a people. Multiculturalism has brought us Islam: a cuckoo's egg laid in the nest of Europe. We Europeans are warming this cuckoo's egg, blind to the fact that we could be cast out of our own nest.
The final speaker was Fabrice Robert, founder of the group Bloc Identitaire, which was the main organizing force behind the meeting. Mr. Robert is just 40 years old, a gifted speaker, a father of three children, and was a favorite of the crowd. Calling for “a reconquista of the mind,” he argued that “territorial imperative requires that one land belong to one people,” adding that “peoples are different, ethnicities are different, and civilizations are by their very nature psychic boundaries.”
Like many others, he spoke of the love of land and nation: “We love Europe because we were born here. Our parents and our entire lineage are rooted in this promontory that juts out into the Atlantic.”
His conclusion brought the audience to its feet:
Against this new age of slavery that has laid waste to the world for 30 years, against this crime against humanity that is the denial of identity, against this mentality that would transform humanity into a uniform mush, we call for a return to reason, a return to who we are.
I spoke near the end of the program—in French—and concluded a speech about the American cult of diversity with these words:
I now speak to you from the bottom of my heart: Do not make the terrible mistakes we have made in America. Avoid at all costs the cult of diversity. I am American to the bone, but I have lived in France and believe I understand, at least a little, the spirit and genius of France. And part of the genius of France is its regions—an authentic diversity that deserves to be cherished. The title of this meeting is “France in Danger.” France is in danger, for if France becomes diverse it will no longer be France. It is absolutely essential that France remain French—for its own sake and that of the whole world. You are all gathered in this room because of the deep love you have for your country. The struggle for a France that is authentic, for regions that are authentic, for an authentic Europe is the fundamental struggle of our time. Because it is not only France that is in danger. When you fight for France and for Europe you are fighting for all the children of Europe who live overseas. You are fighting for me. You are fighting for our comrades in Canada, in Australia, and in South Africa. We are all brothers in arms. Thanks to the efforts of people like you in this room France will be saved. Long live France! Long live France as it has always been!
This brought most of the crowd roaring to its feet. Afterwards I was warmly congratulated by men and women who said they never thought they would hear an American say Vive la France. Some said they had never before applauded an American.
These are people who see the world exactly as we do, who know what is at stake, and are prepared to fight for the nation and culture they love.
NCI can be justly proud of a wonderfully successful conference.
[Editor's note: Here and here are examples (in French) of some of the early news coverage of the conference.]
Share This
For every fallacy that exists at the high school level of strength and conditioning, there is one equal to or greater than at the collegiate level. I have personally witnessed Division 1 S&C coaches build a team's program around the needs of a handful of starting players. I've witnessed coaches test athletes in April and base June's program solely off of April's tests. And worst of all, I've seen more forced reps than I care to admit. All the while, putting the athletes at risk for injury and avoiding any adaptation of strength and power.
I will admit, programming for a large team is not easy. How is a coach expected to build an optimal program for a large team when nearly every player has different strength and weaknesses and an end goal is not weight room performance but on the court/field success? I'm going to provide you with a valuable assessment tool to utilize in the development and testing phases of your athletes: the vertical jump.
Although used as a fundamental benchmark by highest level of professional sports, the vertical jump is a very underutilized assessment tool for subsequent levels. The coaches and scouts at the NFL and NBA combines are searching for dynamic athletes that can demonstrate lower body strength and explosiveness as it relates to horizontal and vertical displacement. This view works for that level because those coaches are looking for developed athletes, not athletes they need to BE developed (professional sports has very little time to develop athletes). With this in mind, should strength coaches at the developmental levels be looking at vertical with the same perspective as an NFL scout?
No and here's why; the vertical can be a window for a coach to see an athlete's training experience and limiting factors of strength, power or central nervous efficiency that may be affecting that individual's performance. This article will outline the specific assessment components of the vertical jump to show you, the coach or the athlete, the specific training approach to improve the universal biomarkers of performance.
Hats off this fine morning to Ryanair, which last week traded blows with "idiot blogger" Jason Roe and in the process demonstrated exactly how airlines should deal with bothersome self-loading cargo.
The whole thing kicked off when Jason posted details of an apparent glitch which allowed him to get Ryanair tickets for nowt.
Well, this didn't go down too well with one loyal member of the airline's staff, who responded with the following comment: "jason! you're an idiot and a liar!! fact is! you've opened one session then another and requested a page meant for a different session, you are so stupid you dont even know how you did it! you dont get a free flight, there is no dynamic data to render which is prob why you got 0.00. what self respecting developer uses a crappy CMS such as word press anyway AND puts they're mobile ph number online, i suppose even a prank call is better than nothing on a lonely sat evening!!"
Jason duly replied: "Hello Ryanair staffer .. I have not lied, I found a bug in your site that allows a user to see a 0.00 price listed beside a flight. Yes, I have cleared a session, but you have not prevented session jumping! I hope to god a Ryanair management type reads this.
"Crappy CMS such as wordpress .. its a blog? I put my mobile phone number online as im a freelance developer. At least I provide a phone number on my website, no premium lines here."
Cue further Ryanair body blows, including this rather tasty example of good public relations:
Website is not perfect, Life is not perfect… If you worked in your pathetic life on a such big project in a such busy environment with so little resources, you would know that the most important is to have usual user behavior scenarios working rather than spending time on improbable and harmless things. We very well know about these anomalies and unless it is not critical we are not going to sacrifice time to this. If you was a serious programmer you would know these things and would not post any of this on the web if you would think it can cause us troubles, but you would report to us directly. Even you did not discover anything major you are still trying to benefit from this. If I was you I would think of consequences this can have. If you was a serious developer you would work out your About page as well. Or is this really about you? What is that bunch of links there? I could give my review of those websites and it would not be positive probably, but really I don't know if you actually worked on them or what exactly you did and how big influence you had to make changes there. So keep working on yourself and don't post bollocks.
Oh dear, oh dear. Finally, Ryanair spokespitbull Stephen McNamara weighed into the fray, and clarified the company's position vis-a-vis bloggers. He said: "Ryanair can confirm that a Ryanair staff member did engage in a blog discussion. It is Ryanair policy not to waste time and energy corresponding with idiot bloggers and Ryanair can confirm that it won't be happening again.
"Lunatic bloggers can have the blog sphere [sic] all to themselves as our people are far too busy driving down the cost of air travel."
Splendid. That'll teach young Jason to keep his deranged ramblings to himself. ®
CHICAGO — A Chicago Lyft driver pointed a gun at her passengers, used a homophobic slur and threatened to “blast” them, according to a lawsuit.
Two men sued Lyft on Wednesday after they said their driver, Jaleesa Rance, 25, drew a gun, chased them out of their car and said, “I'll blast you (expletive),” according to the mens' attorney, Bryant Greening from LegalRideshare.
The attorney said Charlie Calvin, 31, requested a Lyft car early morning on September 1. He was paired with Rance for a ride from the city's Boystown neighborhood.
Calvin and his passenger, who asked not be identified, were leaving Sidetrack, a club in the neighborhood, around 1:50 a.m. and were heading home from a night out with friends.
The lawsuit said a few minutes into the ride, the driver allegedly pulled a 9mm hand gun from the center console, pointed it at Calvin and the other man and demanded they exit the vehicle.
The two exited the car and the according to the lawsuit, that's when Rance got out, pointed the gun at them and yelled, “I'll blast you (expletive)” She then left the scene.
The men called police and officers found Rance in her car and she was arrested. Police recovered a hand gun with 18 rounds from her car.
Rance was charged with aggravated assault and unlawful use of a weapon.
Calvin is seeking $50,000.
Photo
Pete Wells has been restaurant critic for The New York Times since January 2012. As restaurant critic, he says that he has probably eaten close to 800 meals. (And he says, miraculously, he hasn't gained weight.) Here he gives Insiders a sense of how he does the job.
Q.
First, how do you decide which restaurants to review?
A.
Some get so much buzz they become more or less mandatory: You hear about them so often that you want to know what they're like.
Most often a celebrity chef or celebrity restaurateur is responsible for that buzz, but once in a while the restaurant itself is a celebrity. When Tavern on the Green reopened, that would have been a mandatory review even if the chef had been a complete unknown.
Those reviews are no-brainers, but unfortunately I have to put some actual thought into whether or not to review all the others.
I'll look for something a little unusual, like a neighborhood that isn't really on the foodie radar, or a cuisine that hasn't reached market saturation yet, or an idea that just sounds novel.
I also look for restaurants that might serve as a diving board from which I can launch into discussion of some idea that seems interesting or important.
This may be a style of dining that says something about the mood in the city; a few weeks ago I reviewed a restaurant that seemed to have been conceived almost entirely to serve people with too much money because, you know, those people need help spending it!
I write a column with the most boring name in the history of newspapers — it's called Restaurants, although nobody calls it that — but it's still a column, which means I want to use all the nonmandatory reviews to plot out different points on the map of what I think is significant in New York dining.
Then finally, and this is always in the background of every decision, I am looking for places I can recommend. I would rather tell people where they should go than tell them where they shouldn't go. If you walk out the door of your building, turn left and walk for five minutes, you'll pass at least one mediocre restaurant. Pointing them out doesn't strike me as very useful.
Q.
How many times do you visit before you write about a particular venue?
A.
If I'm going to give stars, I go at least three times. That's been the tradition at The Times since the 1960s. Occasionally with places I've visited fewer than three times, I'll do a short, more casual write-up that contains some opinion but isn't a full-bore review. I do that a lot with restaurants away from New York, where it would just take too much time and money to eat three meals with a decent interval of time between each one.
Q.
How many dishes do you sample before you write a review?
A.
If there's a normal menu, not a tasting menu, I'll probably taste 30 to 40 dishes. A few of those may be repeats, so I can test for consistency from one visit to the next, but the rest will be distinct dishes. But I spend a lot of nights these days lashed to a tasting menu, so I'll just eat as many courses as the chef feels like serving.
Q.
You order 30 different dishes? Or return three times and order 10 dishes? Or I'm guessing you take a bunch of people with you when you sample a new restaurant?
A.
That's right, I go at least three for a starred review, and with a typical à la carte menu I may bring as many as four or five people with me, and I'll ask them not to get anything that anybody has ordered that night — no overlaps allowed. So with appetizers, main courses and desserts, not to mention the occasional side dish and all of the small snacks that restaurants are now trying to convince us to eat before we start on the appetizers, you get up to 30 or 40 dishes very quickly.
Q.
Do you ever eat at home?
A.
Sure, I do. Breakfast every day (usually oatmeal), lots of lunches and an occasional dinner.
Q.
Or eat alone?
Q.
I've eaten alone. Usually I do it because I'm facing a tasting menu, or an omakase meal, at a sushi bar, where the chef decides what to serve, and the dishes will be the same no matter who's at the table. (On the other hand, it can be interesting to see how a restaurant like that deals with a guest who doesn't eat animals or gluten.) But sometimes, if I just happen to be in the neighborhood of some place I'm curious about and if there's room at the bar, I'll order a few things in an exploratory spirit, to see if it's worth coming back with reinforcements.
Q.
How do you remember the chicken schnitzel, the improbably fluffy knishes and the rest? Do you take notes when you eat?
A.
Well, not literally when I'm eating, but yes, at some point during the meal I'll pause to write a few things down.
I used to try to write down literally every last leaf and stem on every plate — I'd have notes like “around the salmon are 7-10 pickled mustard seeds, surrounded by purple kale stems, orange nasturtium, and green mushroom caps.”
And then at some point I gave myself permission to forget a few things. I just decided that the elements of the dish whose flavor stuck in my head were the ones that were really important, and that all the rest of it was more or less parsley.
So my notes began to change from long lists of things I wouldn't otherwise remember to short descriptions of what I actually did remember.
Q.
Obvious question: Have you gained weight since you started the job as restaurant reviewer?
A.
For the first six months or so, I lost weight. I'd been working in the office every day, and the only time I wasn't sitting at my desk was when I was on the way to or from the cafeteria, or the snack vending machine, or the Illy coffee bar with those chocolate chip cookies, or the coffee cart on 40th Street, and so on. (I could write a very thorough article on not very good but highly caloric and highly available snacks in the area of 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.) So in the beginning, when I started writing at home and all of that was out of my sight, I lost a few pounds. I've probably gained them back, but it's still the case that I snacked much, much more when I worked in the office.
Q.
Is there such a thing as competition in the restaurant reviewing world?
A.
Not long ago in New York I think there was competition to be first, which was silly and not really in anyone's best interests.
Things seem to have slowed down a bit lately, and the small group of paid critics gives restaurants a tiny bit more time to find their sea legs. And slowing the process down gives us more time to stop and say: “Wait a minute, is this restaurant really that interesting? Maybe I'll look around some more and find other prospects.”
Q.
How hard is it to remain incognito at a restaurant you may review?
A.
Sometimes it's impossible and sometimes it's not.
The harder they're looking for critics, the more likely they are to find us. And new restaurants that cost a significant amount of money and/or where a chef is really making a big play for attention look really, really hard. Maybe that's obvious.
But I've been surprised that I've been able to get in and out without attracting attention in some restaurants that weren't necessarily looking for critics, places that have been open awhile and aren't expecting a new review. Even that is no guarantee.
Q.
Ever been outed as the Times restaurant reviewer. How did that go over?
A.
Once I was in a restaurant where the owner hadn't spotted me yet. I could tell because he was obviously a somewhat nervous guy, and I was pretty sure he'd be much more nervous if he knew I was sitting there. Over at a corner table was a purveyor who sells to a lot of the restaurants I review, and eats in a lot of them. He's kind of a purveyor-around-town character. I saw him spot me and wave the owner over, and then the two of them walked into the men's room together for a conference. I didn't know real people held meetings in the men's room. I thought it was just the Fonz.
Q.
Any advice for would-be restaurant critics?
A.
When you invite guests to go out with you, give them a name to call you. If you forget to do it when you're making the plan, do it as soon as you sit down. And get used to answering to anything.
If Miliband wants to beat the Big Six and deliver energy price freeze promise, he must fix his party's broken policies first
Ed Miliband's promise to freeze energy prices for 20 months if Labour wins the 2015 election has put the 'Big Six' energy companies in a tailspin, with industry spokesmen claiming the policy would lead to "blackouts" and job losses.
They are all being somewhat economical with the truth. While the government's energy policies are in utter disarray, what Labour has on the table is hardly much better, and unlikely to support Miliband's grand promises unless he backs his words with policy gumption.
Although shadow chancellor Ed Balls gave a heart-warming speech to the Green Alliance this July promising to "end the current uncertainty" around renewables by putting low-carbon future at the centre of policy, this obfuscated the fact that Labour has not closed the door on fracking. Last December, shadow energy secretary Caroline Flint, said: "Fracking should only go ahead if it is shown to be safe and environmentally sound."
This was made even clearer by Tom Greatrex MP, Scottish Labour's shadow energy minister, writing in the Guardian this Tuesday:
".... it is unrealistic to suggest renewable energy alone can deliver all of our energy needs in the medium term. The UK will still need significant amounts of gas – both for peaking electricity capacity in the medium term, and to account for the 80% of our heating that currently relies on the fuel."
Greatrex sets out a compelling argument for why the coalition government's incoherent energy policy is wrongly trumping up indigenous shale gas as the number one win-win solution for the UK, while undermining efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
But ultimately, like his party, he is confused. While rightly recognising that the government should "prioritise the development of predictable renewable technologies", he also throws in the ephemeral non-solution of "carbon capture and storage" - in other words, keep burning coal and other fossil fuels, but don't worry, as we will store the carbon.
The problem is that despite much industry hype, carbon capture and storage has never been proven on a commercial industrial scale, is unlikely to be able to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions, and if implemented could entail a pipeline infrastructure even more energy intensive and environmentally problematic than the extant fossil fuel system.
Greatrex is right to point out the absurdity of energy minister Ed Davey's opposition to the government's own professed (but defunct) target for full decarbonisation of the power sector by 2030. But dismissing the potential for renewable energy, and insisting on the need for shale gas, is questionable and contradicts scientific advice from the Committee on Climate Change (CCC), the statutory body advising ministers on ways to meet emissions targets.
In May this year, a report by the Committee found that investing in renewable energy, as opposed to a new 'dash for gas', would be the cheapest option for keeping the lights on while cutting greenhouse gas emissions. Investing in renewable energy was the best option even if shale gas prices were relatively low. The report identified "a clear benefit in committing to invest in low-carbon generation over the next two decades", rather than "an alternative strategy of investing in gas-fired generation through the 2020s and delaying investment in low-carbon technologies."
In other words, we don't need shale gas to keep the lights on. Renewables can not just keep the lights on, they can keep them cheap, and perhaps therefore back-up a proposed price freeze. But it seems, politicians and ministers are not interested in listening to the independent scientific advice that they themselves are commissioning with taxpayer's money. And it is no surprise that the "less than kosher" 'Big Six' are balking at the prospect that fossil fuel-centric price projections in coming decades - potentially feeding escalating mega-profits at the expense of consumers - might not come to pass.
The fact is that a transition to a 100% renewable energy system in the UK, if not the world, is perfectly possible with the political will according to numerous studies.
In 2010, the renewable energy company Good Energy mapped out a pathway for a 100% renewable energy future within the next four decades. The following year, this vision was vindicated by another report by independent energy consulting firm Ecofys, concluding that a global transition to a 100% renewable energy infrastructure was feasible by 2050 if combined with efforts to increase energy efficiency and reduce waste.
Just looking at one set of renewable energy sources - offshore wind, wave and tidal - illustrates this plainly. The UK government's own Offshore Valuation Report from 2010 prepared in collaboration with industry found that just by using 29% of the UK's offshore resources, by 2050 the UK could become a net exporter of electricity, creating 145,000 jobs and generating £62 billion revenue annually. By upping this to 76%, in the same period the UK could become a net energy producer earning £164 billion annually.
And this does not even touch the potential of solar, geothermal and other renewables inland, with costs of production and installation dramatically falling to a point where it is beginning to compete with conventional energy, low-cost storage capacity dramatically increasing, and grid parity just around the corner.
With none of the three main political parties showing any interest in adopting such an obviously beneficial strategy (win on consumer costs, win on energy independence, win on economic prosperity), the public must now demand a cessation of petty electioneering and political point-scoring, and a real plan to solve Britain's looming energy challenges.
So if Miliband wants to freeze energy prices in 2015, he needs to start by fixing Labour's fundamentally broken energy policies first. Until then, his seemingly bold promise amounts to the same stale brand of empty rhetoric touted by the incompetent incumbents he opposes.
Dr Nafeez Ahmed is a executive director of the Institute for Policy Research & Development and author of A User's Guide to the Crisis of Civilisation: And How to Save It among other books. Follow him on Twitter @nafeezahmed
