Apparently a billion dollars isn't what it used to be.
San Antonio City officials told City Council that an $882 million dollar scheme to use toll lanes to expand the number of lanes on Loop 1640 from Bandera Rd. to I-35 won't be enough to eliminate highway congestion, just reduce it.
"If you do nothing, you're going to have twenty hours of congestion," said Mike Frisbie, Director of Transportation and Capital Improvemeents and City Engineern told a City Council committee. "If you do a project, you're going to have six or seven hours of congestion."
City Council signed off on the mammoth toll road project, despite several questions about the project, which will build two new lanes each way in the current median strip of Loop 1604. Those lanes, called 'managed lanes,' would be free to buses and 'government approved carpools,' and motorists who commute to work in their cars, without the necessary government approval, would be soaked for nearly $500 million in tolls, according to the financial analysis.
"So we're going to spend $900 million and still have gridlock," asked Councilwoman Shirley Gonzalez.
The key factor of the project is the use of 'High Occupancy Vehicle' lanes, which would not require tolls from carpools. The idea of the planners is that will convince people to get out of their cars and climb onto the bus, something researchers say has never happened in any other American city where it has been tried.
Councilman Joe Krier is skeptical that it will work here, either.
"If we discovered that HOV lanes are not as efficient or as effective as people think they are, would we have the capability to 'un-HOV them,' Krier asked.
There were also questions about whether the massive project might actually increase gridlock by convincing more people to move to the city's far north side, adding to traffic woes, instead of filling out other parts of the city.
There was also concern about the fact that, unlike HOV lanes in California, for example, simply having more than one person in the car won't be enough under the Loop 1604 scheme.
Chris Trevino of the Bexar County Regional Mobility Authority says they would have to be 'government approved' carpools, and you would have to register in advance to qualify.
"You have your TexTag (which automatically records your presence on the toll lanes for billing purposes), and there's an extra step where you submit an application with the names of all of the people you'll be commuting with on the way to work," Trevino said.
And then...this whole thing might end up being illegal.
A north Texas State Representative has introduced a bill that would outlaw the adding of any new toll lanes to existing state highways. Since Loop 1604 is technically 'State Highway Loop 1604,' it would be covered by the ban, if it should pass the Legislature.
Smokes.cfg a guest Jul 31st, 2016 714 Never a guest714Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 2.34 KB //>>>>> Hahahalloun's Smoke Practice Config <<<<< //Add "-tick 64" or "-tick 128" depending on what you are practicing for. //(Jumpthrows are different on 128 tick) //-------------------------------------------------------------// // How to use: // 1. Open you Steam library > Right click CSGO > Properties > Launch options > add "-tickrate 128" // 2. Create a private csgo competitive lobby // 3. Start game on a map of your choice (de_dust2 maybe?) // 4. In the server, go in console and type "exec smokes.cfg" //-------------------------------------------------------------// sv_cheats 1 exec gamemode_competitive // SV sv_alltalk "1" sv_deadtalk "1" sv_full_alltalk "1" sv_infinite_ammo "1" sv_grenade_trajectory "1" sv_grenade_trajectory_time "30" sv_grenade_trajectory_time_spectator "30" sv_showimpacts "1" sv_showbullethits "1" sv_showimpacts_penetration "1" sv_showimpacts_time "20" sv_pausable "1" // Equipment related ammo_grenade_limit_flashbang "1" ammo_grenade_limit_total "5" // Multiplayer Settings mp_autoteambalance "0" mp_buy_anywhere "1" mp_buytime "9999999" mp_forcecamera "0" mp_freezetime "0" mp_friendlyfire "0" mp_ignore_round_win_conditions "1" mp_limitteams "0" mp_maxmoney "9999999" // Round Related mp_maxrounds "100" mp_round_restart_delay "0" mp_roundtime "60" mp_roundtime_defuse "60" mp_roundtime_hostage "60" mp_startmoney "99999" mp_teammates_are_enemies "1" mp_respawn_on_death_ct "1" mp_respawn_on_death_t "1" // Default Weapons mp_ct_default_primary "weapon_awp" mp_ct_default_secondary "weapon_revolver" mp_ct_default_grenades "weapon_smokegrenade ; weapon_flashbang ; weapon_molotov ; weapon_hegrenade ; weapon_decoy" mp_t_default_primary "weapon_awp" mp_t_default_secondary "weapon_revolver" mp_t_default_grenades "weapon_smokegrenade ; weapon_flashbang ; weapon_molotov ; weapon_hegrenade ; weapon_decoy" // Things mp_free_armor "1" mp_give_player_c4 "1" mp_weapons_allow_map_placed "1" //Restarting and completing mp_warmup_end mp_restartgame "1" bot_kick say "// Hahahalloun's Smoke Practice Config Complete! >>>> Make sure turn on god mode! //"
RAW Paste Data
//>>>>> Hahahalloun's Smoke Practice Config <<<<< //Add "-tick 64" or "-tick 128" depending on what you are practicing for. //(Jumpthrows are different on 128 tick) //-------------------------------------------------------------// // How to use: // 1. Open you Steam library > Right click CSGO > Properties > Launch options > add "-tickrate 128" // 2. Create a private csgo competitive lobby // 3. Start game on a map of your choice (de_dust2 maybe?) // 4. In the server, go in console and type "exec smokes.cfg" //-------------------------------------------------------------// sv_cheats 1 exec gamemode_competitive // SV sv_alltalk "1" sv_deadtalk "1" sv_full_alltalk "1" sv_infinite_ammo "1" sv_grenade_trajectory "1" sv_grenade_trajectory_time "30" sv_grenade_trajectory_time_spectator "30" sv_showimpacts "1" sv_showbullethits "1" sv_showimpacts_penetration "1" sv_showimpacts_time "20" sv_pausable "1" // Equipment related ammo_grenade_limit_flashbang "1" ammo_grenade_limit_total "5" // Multiplayer Settings mp_autoteambalance "0" mp_buy_anywhere "1" mp_buytime "9999999" mp_forcecamera "0" mp_freezetime "0" mp_friendlyfire "0" mp_ignore_round_win_conditions "1" mp_limitteams "0" mp_maxmoney "9999999" // Round Related mp_maxrounds "100" mp_round_restart_delay "0" mp_roundtime "60" mp_roundtime_defuse "60" mp_roundtime_hostage "60" mp_startmoney "99999" mp_teammates_are_enemies "1" mp_respawn_on_death_ct "1" mp_respawn_on_death_t "1" // Default Weapons mp_ct_default_primary "weapon_awp" mp_ct_default_secondary "weapon_revolver" mp_ct_default_grenades "weapon_smokegrenade ; weapon_flashbang ; weapon_molotov ; weapon_hegrenade ; weapon_decoy" mp_t_default_primary "weapon_awp" mp_t_default_secondary "weapon_revolver" mp_t_default_grenades "weapon_smokegrenade ; weapon_flashbang ; weapon_molotov ; weapon_hegrenade ; weapon_decoy" // Things mp_free_armor "1" mp_give_player_c4 "1" mp_weapons_allow_map_placed "1" //Restarting and completing mp_warmup_end mp_restartgame "1" bot_kick say "// Hahahalloun's Smoke Practice Config Complete! >>>> Make sure turn on god mode! //"
This is the second piece of a 12-part series previewing Arkansas' 2016 football opponents.
TCU is coming off an 11-2 season that was capped by a dramatic 47-41 triple-overtime win over Oregon in the Alamo Bowl, in which it trailed 31-0 at halftime. The Horned Frogs went 7-2 in Big 12 play, finishing tied for second in the conference.
They were No. 7 in the final Associated Press poll.
2016 outlook
TCU opens its season Sept. 3 at home against South Dakota State and follows the Arkansas game with another home game, hosting Iowa State on Sept. 17.
According to ESPN's Football Power Index, the Horned Frogs are projected to win 7.3 games. That would be a large drop-off from the previous two seasons, in which they won 12 and 11 games.
The FPI also has TCU at No. 30 in the country, which is sixth in the Big 12 and three spots behind Arkansas (No. 27).
Las Vegas has a little more faith in TCU. The Golden Nugget casino put the Horned Frogs' win total at 8.5 when it released several college footballs over/under totals last month.
Significant departures
There will be several holes TCU needs to fill in 2016, as 10 players from last year's team were either drafted or signed as undrafted free agents.
Most notably, the Horned Frogs must replace first-round pick Josh Doctson, an all-American receiver who finished his career with a school-record 2,785 receiving yards and 29 touchdowns. They'll also have to replace the player who is a responsible for throwing him those passes, quarterback Trevone Boykin. The two-time all-American threw for 3,575 yards and 31 touchdowns last season, while also rushing for 612 yards and nine touchdowns.
Safety Derrick Kindred (87 tackles, 3.5 TFL, 3 PBU, 2 int., 2 forced fumbles) was taken in the fourth round of the NFL Draft, offensive lineman Halapoulivaati Vaitai (30 career starts) in the fifth round and wide receiver Kolby Listenbee (30 rec., 597 yds., 5 TD) and offensive lineman Joey Hunt (36 career starts) in the sixth round.
Running back Aaron Green (244 car., 1,272 yds., 11 TD), defensive end Terrell Lathan (34 tackles, 6.5 TFL, 4 sacks, 5 PBU), offensive lineman Jamelle Naff (25 career starts) and kicker Jaden Oberkrom (59 of 60 PAT, 21 of 25 FG, long of 57 yds.) signed undrafted free agent contracts.
Key returners
While TCU must replace its top quarterback, wide receiver and running back, it will have some firepower back on offense.
Wide receiver KaVontae Turpin is arguably the Horned Frogs' most explosive returning player. As a true freshman, he finished second on the team with 649 receiving yards and eight touchdowns, while also rushing for 116 yards on 20 carries. Turpin is also valuable in special teams, returning 17 punts for 181 yards and one touchdown and 27 kickoffs for 729 yards last season.
Although he is listed as a running back, Shaun Nixon filled in at receiver because of injuries last year. He rushed for only 66 yards on 16 carries, but caught 47 passes for 501 yards and one touchdown. His 47 receptions were second on the team to Doctson.
Juniors Kyle Hicks and Trevorris Johnson are TCU's leading returning rushers, as the both finished with 262 yards on the ground in 2015. Hicks found the end zone four times (3 rushing, 1 receiving), but Johnson did not score.
Defensively, the Horned Frogs are led by senior defensive end Josh Carraway, who finished third in the Big 12 with nine sacks last season. He also had 47 tackles, including 11.5 for loss, nine quarterback hurries and three fumble recoveries.
They also have junior linebacker Travin Howard, who led the team with 105 tackles and also had eight tackles for loss, three forced fumbles and an interception, and senior safety Denzel Johnson, who had a team-high 13.5 tackles for loss to go along with 79 total tackles, eight pass breakups and one interception.
Sophomore cornerback Ranthony Texada will be back in the mix, as well, after playing only three games last year because a knee injury ended his season. As a redshirt freshman in 2014, he was named a second-team freshman all-American by Scout.com.
Notable additions
The biggest addition for TCU this season is at quarterback, where Kenny Hill will be eligible to play. The former Texas A&M quarterback set out last season because of NCAA transfer rules, but is one of just two quarterbacks on TCU's roster that has thrown a collegiate pass, with the other being sophomore Foster Sawyer (11 of 27, 155 yds., 2 TD, 3 int.).
With the Aggies, Hill – nicknamed “Kenny Trill” – made an early splash by throwing for 511 yards against South Carolina and started the first eight games before being replaced. He led Texas A&M to a 35-28 win over Arkansas in 2014 by throwing for 386 yards and four touchdowns, including two in the fourth quarter and one in overtime.
TCU's 2016 signing class is rated No. 22 in the country and No. 4 in the Big 12 and features six four-star prospects according to Rivals.
Of those six four-stars, four of them are junior college transfers and could provide an immediate impact: wide receivers Taj Williams and Ryan Parker, linebacker Tyree Horton and defensive back Markell Simmons. The other two will be true freshmen: athlete Sewo Olonilua, who enrolled for the spring semester and is listed as a running back, and defensive end Isaiah Chambers.
Another junior college transfer, three-star Chris Gaynor, could provide help along the offensive line, which has just one returning full-time starter (junior Joseph Noteboom). Gaynor enrolled early.
Parker, Williams, Horton and Gaynor are among Athlon Sports' top 25 impact JUCO transfers for 2016.
Coaching staff
Gary Patterson enters his 16th season at TCU as the winningest head coach in program history, compiling a 143-47 record. He has led the Horned Frogs to six outright or co-conference championships spread across three different leagues – C-USA (2002), MWC (2005, 2009-2011) and Big 12 (2014) – and been named the national coach of the year twice (2009, 2014).
Patterson was rumored to be John L. Smith's replacement following the 2012 season, but Arkansas hired Bret Bielema and Patterson remained at TCU.
At the coordinator positions, Doug Meacham and Sonny Cumbie are in their third season as co-offensive coordinators and Chad Glasgow is in his second season as defensive coordinator.
Meacham came to TCU after one season as Houston's offensive coordinator, while Cumbie spent one season as the co-offensive coordinator at Texas Tech before taking the TCU job. Together, they lead an air raid style offense.
Meacham's career also took him through Arkansas, as he was the offensive coordinator at Henderson State in Arkadelphia from 1999-2000.
Glasgow served as a co-defensive coordinator last season, but was promoted to sole defensive coordinator when DeMontie Cross left for the same position at Missouri. This is Glasgow's second stint with the Horned Frogs, as he was their safeties coach from 2001-2010. He spent one year as Texas Tech's defensive coordinator before returning to Fort Worth.
Series history
Arkansas and TCU have met 68 times, with the Hogs holding a 43-23-2 edge in the series. All of the matchups came between 1920 and 1991, when they were Southwest Conference foes. In their final SWC meeting, Arkansas beat TCU 22-21 in Fort Worth.
Since joining the Southeastern Conference, Arkansas is 11-7 in nonconference games against former SWC members.
Recent SEC history
The Horned Frogs have played only two SEC teams the last five seasons, splitting the games.
TCU crushed Ole Miss 42-3 in the 2014 Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl and lost to LSU 37-27 in its 2013 season opener at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas.
Arkansas ties
While Arkansas' roster includes many players from Texas, TCU's roster includes only one player from the Natural State: defensive tackle James Terry Jr., who played at Central Arkansas Christian in Little Rock and joined the Horned Frogs as a walk-on during the spring semester.
Arkansas walk-on tight end Anthony Antwine played with TCU offensive lineman Joseph Noteboom at Plano Senior High.
TCU defensive tackle Chris Bradley was teammates with Arkansas wide receiver Jared Cornelius and defensive back Santos Ramirez at Evangel Christian Academy in Shreveport, La.
Arkansas wide receiver Eric Hawkins and TCU linebacker Travin Howard played together at Longview, Texas, High.
TCU offensive lineman Trey Elliott and Arkansas walk-on wide receiver Marty Murad were teammates at Jesuit College Prep School in Dallas.
It's also worth mentioning that TCU defensive line coach Dan Sharp's bio includes this tidbit: He played tight end at TCU and caught a touchdown in a 32-21 win over Arkansas in 1984, helping the Horned Frogs to their first win in Fayetteville in 29 years.
Thoughts from a beat writer
To get an even better idea of what TCU will look like in 2016, WholeHogSports reached out Carlos Mendez, who covers the Horned Frogs for the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. We asked him several questions about TCU. Here are his responses:
WHS: What would you consider reasonable exceptions for TCU in 2016?
CM: Reasonable expectations for TCU in 2016? Wish I knew what they were going to be at the quarterback position. But if this team gets some improvised playmaking and deep balls along the lines of what Trevone Boykin provided the last two years, combined with care of the ball and what should be a good defense, TCU can win the Big 12. But this is a team breaking in a new quarterback, either Kenny Hill or Foster Sawyer. New quarterbacks always take their lumps.
WHS: From what you've seen, how well do you think Kenny Hill will replace Trevone Boykin? Also, how will TCU fill the void left behind by Josh Doctson and Aaron Green?
CM: Hill showed a good touch in the spring scrimmage, and you can tell he's comfortable running with the ball, either by design or if something breaks down. The talent and pedigree are there. I think he'll thrive. But Foster Sawyer keeps getting good reviews. Bigger arm, bigger body. Might be an interesting fall camp. Now, who are they going to throw to? There are lots of options. Jaelan Austin, Jarrison Stewart and KaVontae Turpin did some heavy lifting as freshmen. Emanuel Porter has the Doctson-type body. The Horned Frogs also brought in two top JUCO receivers, and they get back a veteran slot possession receiver, Ty Slanina, from a broken collarbone and speedster Deante' Gray from knee surgery. So we'll see. There are options.
WHS: Which players do you expect TCU to lean heavily on?
CM: Offensively, they're going to try to get the ball to Turpin. Fast, elusive. Tough kid. Defensively, the linebackers will be asked to be as good or better than last year. Travin Howard and Montrel Wilson have already come a long way, though, considering they were safeties last year drafted to play linebacker because of need and had to learn on the run.
WHS: Are there any key additions that will play large roles for the Horned Frogs in 2016?
CM: There's a safety named Markell Simmons who transferred in from Pima JC. Big need for a playmaking type in the secondary. And watch out for Taj Williams, one of the JUCO receivers they brought in. Big touchdown producer. Looks polished.
WHS: How do you think TCU will fair against Arkansas in Week 2?
CM: If (the Horned Frogs) can stop the run, they've got a chance to win the game. Patterson has been talking about that run game for months.
The municipalities that have caught the eminent domain bug all share something in common – they're all near or in California and exposed to a political ideology that generally believes the end always justifies the means – even if the chosen "means" is always much crueler and political than the initial harms reported to the public through the media.
Now we know at least one official associated with the city of San Francisco would like the larger municipality to take on eminent domain as a solution to help underwater borrowers, in the same way that Richmond, Calif., has been pursuing that strategy.
As reported by HousingWire, San Francisco Supervisor David Campos revealed plans to propose a similar resolution to get the County Board of Supervisors in San Francisco behind eminent domain as a tool for dealing with underwater borrowers.
After all, the proverbial torch was lit when the city of Richmond approved eminent domain in a 4-to-3 vote Tuesday night.
But the impact of eminent domain, which has yet to be used officially in this proposed fashion, could reverberate in a way that shocks various dimensions of the housing system, harming companies – even future homebuyers.
As HousingWire reported, the stocks of title insurers tumbled earlier this week in trading.
Early on, a slowdown in housing was suggested as the cause for the insurers' market woes. But, perhaps, the American Land Title Association sent the market a clearer picture as to why the stocks took a tumble a day after Richmond's city council moved forward with eminent domain plans.
"The use of a municipality's power of eminent domain to seize mortgage loans raises profound Constitutional and other legal concerns," said Michelle Korsmo, chief executive officer of the American Land Title Association (ALTA). "It is clear that the recent proposal in Richmond, California, and subsequent legal filings are likely the start of a long and drawn out legal process."
Korsmo went on to say the chief problem with eminent domain is that it upsets a complex legal and financial structure already in place, leaving future homebuyers and homeowners on the hook.
"Until these lawsuits are resolved, homeowners may not know who to pay or the amount they need to pay off their mortgage. Additionally, any purported extinguishment of an original mortgage obtained through the eminent domain process may cause title insurance to be unavailable in subsequent transactions, or, at a minimum, result in exclusions from title insurance coverage. Title insurance protects real property owners and mortgage lenders against losses from possible defects in the title. In addition, rulings on eminent domain challenges in one jurisdiction will likely create a ripple effect impacting the legality of this type of eminent domain in all jurisdictions.”
So if it was a mystery Wednesday as to why title insurers took a tumble on the New York Stock Exchange, perhaps the above stated fears were the underlying cause.
Either way, what's in store for the market with eminent domain on the table could be even more legal infighting.
If any of these proposals do stick long-term, it won't be surprising if consumers on the other side of the market end up picking the bill one way or another.
Veteran cornerback Ike Taylor, who spent his entire 12-year career with the Pittsburgh Steelers, announced his retirement on Tuesday.
Editor's Picks Brown: Taylor's legacy with Steelers is secure Ike Taylor's leadership never diminished even as his skills did, and his retirement leaves yet another void in the Steelers' locker room.
"Other than having my son, playing for the Steelers has been the best experience in my entire lifetime," Taylor told the team's website. "It is rare; in this day of free agency that is super rare to play for one team. For me to have this opportunity says a lot about how they felt about me, what I gave back to the organization.
"I wasn't cut, I wasn't released. It was just my contract was up and it was time to retire. If you want to have pride, well, that is the kind of pride I have, being able to play my contract out."
The 34-year-old Taylor, who won two Super Bowl rings with the Steelers, was an unrestricted free agent.
The Steelers took Taylor in the fourth round of the 2003 NFL draft, and he became a full-time starter in 2005. Taylor intercepted two passes in the postseason, including one in the Steelers' Super Bowl XL win over the Seahawks, emerging as a key player in the Steelers' run to a fifth Lombardi trophy.
Ike Taylor won two Super Bowl rings over his 12 seasons with the Steelers. Grant Halverson/Getty Images
He started 140 regular-season games in 12 seasons with the Steelers and routinely covered the opposing team's No. 1 wide receiver. Taylor never made a Pro Bowl in Pittsburgh in large part because chronic drops limited him to 17 career interceptions, including the postseason.
He also had four fumble recoveries, three forced fumbles and 565 total tackles over his career.
"From the time I walked in the door until the time I left, this is where I wanted to be," Taylor told the team's website. "How the organization is, the locker room, you see why we win. When I became a free agent twice it made my decision easy."
Longtime teammate Troy Polamalu, who was selected with the Steelers' first-round pick in 2003, also announced his retirement last week. Former teammate Ryan Clark, who played eight seasons for Pittsburgh before moving to the Redskins last season, also retired this offseason.
In addition, linebacker Jason Worilds walked away at age 27 in March and Hall of Fame defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau did not have his contract renewed in January.
Taylor, arguably the Steelers' best cornerback since Rod Woodson, took a pay cut of $4.25 million to return to the Steelers in 2014, but he played in just five games as he suffered a broken forearm after getting hit by teammate Lawrence Timmons in the third week of the season. He returned to the field at the end of November but lasted just two games as he struggled to keep up with younger wide receivers.
The retirements of Polamalu and Taylor create a scenario where the Steelers might start two players in the secondary next season who didn't start a game in 2014:
Secondary Importance For Steelers The Steelers could have a potential starting secondary in 2015 that features two players who did not start a game last season in Shamarko Thomas and B.W. Webb. Potential starters Career starts INTs CB Cortez Allen 18 6 SS Shamarko Thomas 2 0 FS Mike Mitchell 39 6 CB B.W. Webb 0 0
ESPN.com Steelers reporter Scott Brown and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United have reportedly offered a contract to Tyrique Bartlett, the son of former Premier League striker Shaun, after the teenager impressed during a trial spell on Tyneside. The 17-year-old is said to have signed a three-year-deal and is to join the under-18's set-up at United with the club now awaiting on international clearance.
The striker came on as a substitute in an Under-23's game on December 29, as Burnley were thumped 7-0. He replaced Tom Heardman who had netted a hat-trick in the game.
Bartlett had been playing for University of Pretoria's youth team where his dad Shaun, who played for Charlton Athletic, is the manager for the senior side.
He is fondly remembered in south east London for his strike against Leicester City in the 2000-01 season, which was chosen as goal of the season.
Bartlett's impending arrival follows the signing of 17-year-old Spanish striker Juan Lopez from Recreativo de Huelva striker.
He officially arrived in Newcastle last month and will look to impress in the youth ranks.
He tweeted a picture of himself at St James' Park next the club badge alongside the words: “Many thanks to all NUFC for the welcome. A pride to defend this shield.”
A 23-year-old Sarnia man found armed with knives while yelling at a tree in Centennial Park Thursday admitted to police he'd been taking crystal meth.
Sarnia Police received a call about a strange man in the north area of the Sarnia park around 9:30 a.m.
Officers arrived to find him yelling up to a tree about his family being threatened.
The man then removed a large stainless steel knife from his waist before police ordered him to drop the weapon and drop to the ground.
The man complied, was handcuffed and searched. Officers found two more knives – a small utility knife and a kitchen knife.
He was arrested for possession of dangerous weapons, and was held for bail.
The man admitted to police that he had taken crystal methamphetamine the previous night.
In late July, the French newspaper Libération revealed that the Ministry of the Interior is considering outlawing the Ligue de Défense Juive (the Jewish Defense League, known in French by the acronym LDJ). The ministry opened this dossier following the dismal ruckus outside the Don Isaac Abravanel synagogue two weeks earlier in Paris. According to several observers, as well as footage of amateur videos, LDJ members replete with motorcycle helmets and metal bars provoked the hooligans who had hijacked the demonstration.
When one recalls that rabid anti-Semitism has fueled most of the ligues that lard French history, from Action Française to the Milice, we can now celebrate the discovery that French Jews can be as loutish, racist and violent as their anti-Semitic peers.
In a sense, the official dissolution of the LDJ borders on a tautology: As revealed by the frustrated efforts of a Le Monde journalist who tried to interview an LDJ representative, the organization appears anything but organized, while its actual size is as uncertain as the nature of its origins. But there are certain elements that are nevertheless clear. It was after the eruption of the second intifada, in 2000, and the so-called “Intifada Française” that subsequently swept France's suburbs, that the LDJ took shape. Its existence has, ever since, been marginal: No more than a few dozen individuals form the movement's hard core. But crucially, as events at the Bastille have shown, they have the ability to mobilize between 200 and 300 supporters through social media.
On its official website, adorned with a clenched fist framed by a Star of David, the LDJ presents itself as the “ideological extension” of Meir Kahane's American operation. (One that, let us recall, the FBI placed on its list of terrorist organizations the same year it was franchised to France.) And while a spokesman for the LDJ rejected “any and all forms of racism and violence,” he neglected to explain the presence on the site earlier this year of a eulogy for Baruch Goldstein, author of the massacre of 29 Palestinians in 1994. (The site's webmaster has since removed the eulogy.)
Moreover, the spokesman did not address the more than 100 charges of physical aggression and assault brought against the LDJ's members since 2001. While most of these attacks have been aimed at French Muslims, the LDJ has also terrorized French Jews who disagree with its worldview. In July, two LDJ sympathizers were found guilty of throwing a bomb at the car of Jonathan Moadab, co-founder of a Jewish organization critical of Zionism. For good measure, Moadab testified that he had received anonymous phone calls warning him that he and his entire family would be killed.
Of course, all this might seem thin beer given the growing violence and the number of anti-Semitic activities in France. But the role played by the LDJ in the near-riots outside the two synagogues in July has disturbed not just the French authorities, but also many French Jews. While the events remain disputed, the initial version of those portraying the LDJ as heroic defenders of the synagogues no longer holds. A tweet sent by an LDJ member suggests there were plans to provoke the demonstrators — actions then corroborated by amateur videos and eyewitness accounts, including those of French Jews. Moreover, the president of the Don Isaac Abravanel synagogue, Serge Benhaïm, emphasized during an interview that, thanks to the French police, the synagogue was never “besieged.”
In a article that received a great deal of comments, the journalist (and Zionist) Ezra Nathan emphasized the appalling actions and language of the violent fringe to the pro-Palestinian demonstration, but also denounced the LDJ's members as pyromaniacs laboring under the delusion that they are firefighters. Roger Cukierman, leader of CRIF (Representative Council of Jewish Institutions in France), underscored his organization's rejection of the LDJ as well: “We don't approve of their methods [and] do not wish to keep their company.”
Neither does the government, it seems. Among the several triggers the Interior Ministry uses when it considers the legal banning of an organization, the LDJ seems to have pulled at least two. One is the incitation to ethnic or racial hatred and violence, while the other is when groups ,“either in their form or military organization, manifest the characteristics of a private militia.” Even this description, however, gives too much credit to the organization. According to the sociologist Samuel Ghiles-Meilhac, the LDJ attracts unemployed youths who have little idea of the history and politics of the Middle East. Instead, the street confrontations and racist rhetoric “allow them to pretend to a sort of virility à l'Israeli without actually living there.”
Nevertheless, the anxiety and fear now gnawing at the French Jewish community has translated into a growing sympathy for, if not active support of, the LDJ. The reasoning — the LDJ may be imbeciles, but at least they are our imbeciles — is understandable, but also tragic (a tragedy, moreover, that last week threatened to turn to farce when the far-right's Marine Le Pen publicly supported the LDJ). The Socialist deputy Olivier Faure, who recently demanded that the government explain why a group outlawed in the United States and Israel was allowed to exist in France, insists that France uphold its republican ideals. “There is no place in the Republic for militias [and] the idea that Christians defend Christians, Jews defend Jews and Muslims defend Palestinians.” One can only wonder if such declarations express nostalgia for a past that can never be revived.
Robert Zaretsky is a professor of history at The Honors College at the University of Houston and the author of “A Life Worth Living: Albert Camus and the Quest for Meaning” (Harvard University, 2013).
This story "Did Right-Wing French Jews Provoke Anti-Semitic Violence?" was written by Robert Zaretsky.
The last race at Eton Dorney not only put the cap on a disappointing Olympic Regatta for the U.S. men's rowing squad — the priority boat of the four took just a bronze in that race — it also assured that one of the most ridiculous medal records in Olympic history will stay on the books for at least another four years.
In 1968 the East German pair of Jörg Lucke and Heinz-Jürgen Bothe surged past American gold-medal favorites Tony Johnson and Larry Hough on the very last stroke of the race to win the country's first rowing gold medal. The East Germans weren't even considered medal contenders going into the games. Johnson and Hough had only lost once in the preceding two years (said Hough years later, “I count that on a very short list of huge disappointments in life”).
The East Germans would similarly shovel disappointment on scores of other rowers as, over the course of just five Olympiads — Mexico City, Munich, Montreal, Moscow, and Seoul (the GDR boycotted L.A. in '84) — they would take home 33 gold medals in rowing. The Americans' inability to add a second win to that of the Women's Open 8+ in London leaves them stuck in second all-time with 32.
To put what the GDR did on the water in an even more remarkable light, if possible, the U.S. has been contesting rowing events since they were first added to the Olympic program in 1900. That's 26 tries. To five. East Germany hasn't even existed since 1990, and we're still second.
The centerpiece of the East Germans' dominance came in Moscow when, of the physical gold medals handed out (i.e., nine medals get awarded for the winning 8+), the GDR took home 50 of 54 possible. That's 92.6 percent of them. It was Communist Groundhog Day. Granted, it was assisted by the U.S.-led boycott, but no one country has ever so thoroughly dominated a single discipline at a single Olympics. Or ever will again. Maybe. I can't be bothered to go look up the history of results in, say, dressage.
From the time they were recognized by the IOC in 1968, the East Germans had training methods — biomechanicists, sports scientists, nutritionists, and exercise physiologists — that were way ahead of the rest of the world. There is even a legend that, when the East German equipment engineers found out the rowing course in Montreal was going to be shallower than what the sport's governing body allowed, they designed new shells specifically for the different depths.
Of course, the drugs helped too. In 2006, the German Olympic Sports Federation accepted the moral responsibility for the GDR having systematically doped some 10,000 East German athletes in an attempt to turn the smallish central European country into an athletic power. It would be incredible not to think that included many if not all of the rowers.
But it worked. And it worked well. Roughly 22 years after it no longer exists, the GDR is still the greatest Olympic rowing nation ever. And will be for at least four more years.
Michael Bertin is a freelance writer.
Islamic State jihadists advance in blistering assault on Deir Ezzor, while regime capitalizes on Russian airstrikes near Aleppo.
At least 35 Syrian soldiers and pro-regime militiamen were killed Saturday in a multi-front attack by the Islamic State group on the eastern city of Deir Ezzor, a monitor said.
The fighting came as regime forces battled ISIS in the northern province of Aleppo, repelling a jihadist assault and killing at least 16 fighters from the group.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said ISIS had advanced into the northern tip of Deir Ezzor city, in eastern Syria, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh.
The advance puts ISIS in control of around 60 percent of the city, with the regime holding the rest, according to the Britain-based monitor.
Syrian state news agency SANA said regime troops had repelled an ISIS attack on the area around Al-Baghaliyeh and inflicted "heavy losses" on the group.
Deir Ezzor is the capital of Deir Ezzor province, an oil-rich region that borders Iraq and is mostly held by ISIS.
The regime has clung onto portions of the provincial capital and the adjacent military airport despite repeated ISIS attacks.
Observatory chief Rami Abdel Rahman said heavy fighting was continuing on Saturday afternoon after the ISIS assault, which began with a suicide car bomb blast carried out by a member of the jihadist group.
Eight of the regime forces killed were shot dead by ISIS jihadists, the Observatory added.
The monitor said Russian warplanes were carrying out heavy air strikes in support of regime forces as they sought to repel the jihadists.
Elsewhere, regime troops were locked in fierce clashes with ISIS in Aleppo province, with at least 16 jihadists killed after a failed attack on a government position near the town of Al-Bab, the Observatory said.
State television also reported that regime forces had repelled an assault.
The Observatory said heavy fighting was ongoing throughout Saturday in the area, with Russian war planes carrying out strikes in the region between the regime-held Kweyris air base and Al-Bab.
Seven battlefronts
The regime has advanced towards the town, an ISIS bastion, in recent days, and is now within 10 kilometers (six miles) of it, according to the Observatory.
That is the closest regime forces have come to Al-Bab since 2012.
The Britain-based monitor also said regime forces had taken a string of villages nearby.
Roughly 30 kilometers (25 miles) south of the Turkish border, Al-Bab fell into rebel hands in July 2012, and ISIS jihadists captured it in late 2013.
The fighting in Al-Bab is just one of up to seven fronts on which regime forces are seeking to advance in Aleppo province, capitalizing on a Russian air campaign that began on September 30.
The various battles are intended in part to cut rebel supply lines into Aleppo city, the provincial capital and Syria's second city.
The city itself is divided and regime forces are now hoping to effectively encircle the opposition-held east.
In addition to cutting rebel access to eastern Aleppo city, the regime is hoping to sever areas controlled by ISIS in the province from its territory in neighboring Raqqa, Abdel Rahman said.
AFP contributed to this report.
PARIS (AFP) – Three people have been charged with supplying arms to jihadists who staged deadly attacks in 2015 on a Jewish supermarket in Paris and the Charlie Hebdo satirical weekly, a judicial source said.
Those charged this week include Samir L., believed to be linked to the sale of weapons to the supermarket attacker, as well as Miguel M. and Abdelaziz A., who are thought to have been involved in trafficking arms between Belgium and France.
Seven people have already been charged over the assaults. The attackers had a wide array of weapons including guns that came from Slovakia.
Investigators are trying to piece together how France-based jihadist Amedy Coulibaly obtained the weapons used in the January 9, 2015 attack on the supermarket.
Coulibaly killed four people after taking shoppers hostage at the Jewish store. Elite police later shot him dead as they stormed the building.
He had killed a policewoman in the Montrouge suburb south of Paris the night before, when authorities think he may have initially been targeting a nearby Jewish school.
The attack was part of three days of terror in the French capital that began with the raid on the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine offices that killed 12 people.
There's a new Daredevil book coming in 2013 that you will all be interested in reading. I will be speaking with many of the people involved with this book early next year, but in the meantime, please check out the press release below!
This book from Sequart Research & Literacy Organization, edited by Ryan K Lindsay, collects essays about Marvel's Daredevil from some of today's best writers about comics. It is slated to be published in early 2013, Diamond order codes will be made available once solicited. Created in 1964, Matt Murdock has a long and storied history which this book unpacks and discusses through a variety of concepts covered over decades of comics. This book is the definitive guide to Daredevil and his entire world.
'Daredevil's Origin' by Will Murray discusses how Marvel came to publish a character named Daredevil.
'Daredevil: Not Ready for Primetime?' by M.S. Wilson discusses how Daredevil works better as a character on his own rather than integrated with others.
'Daredevil and the Missing Father' by Forrest Helvie delves into the concept of fatherhood in Daredevil's creation.
'Grabbing the Devil by the Horns' by Matt Duarte looks at the early rogues of Daredevil's crime fighting days.
'Being Mike Murdock' by Tim Callahan is an interesting take on the imaginary brother Mike Murdock.
'The Life and Times of Foggy Nelson' by Christine Hanefalk deconstructs the life of Matt Murdock's best friend.
'When Things Fall Apart in Hell's Kitchen: Postcolonialism in Bendis's Daredevil' by Jon Cormier is an educational look at the role the location plays in the book.
'There Will be Blood: Daredevil's Violent Tendencies' by Henry Northmore considers the effects of Daredevil's violent adversaries.
'Science Fact!' by Stéphane Guéret, Manuella Hyvard, Nicolas Labarre, and Marie-Laure Saulnier considers the realistic possibilities of Matt Murdock's unique medical situation.
'Blind Dates and Broken Hearts' by Ryan K Lindsay investigates the deep and treacherous love lives of Matt Murdock.
'Daredevil: Intermediate Superhero Film Making' by Geoff Klock is a discussion about the 2003 movie adaptation.
'Daredevil and Spider-Man: Dark Alleys and Bright Lights' by Vinny Murphy is an analysis of the relationship between Daredevil and Spider-Man.
'What Fall From Grace? Reappraising the Chichester Years' by Julian Darius looks over the much maligned Chichester run from the 90s.
'Daredevil and Punisher: Polar Opposites? ' by M.S. Wilson investigates the themes connecting Daredevil and the Punisher.
'.22 Caliber, A Girl's Gun: Vanessa Fisk & Freedom of Action' by Kevin Thurman discusses the role of Vanessa Fisk in the Bendis/Maleev run of the 2000s.
'The Only Way Is Down . Brubaker's Saga as 70s Cinematic Noir' by Ryan K Lindsay analyses the Brubaker/Lark/Gaudiano run against the cinematic noir cornerstones of the 70s.
A variety of topics and approaches are presented in this book. This is a creation all about Daredevil by people who love Daredevil.
Featuring a Foreword by 'Born Again' editor Ralph Macchio.
Sequart Research & Literacy Organization is a non-profit organization devoted to promoting comic books as a legitimate artform.
Our mission is twofold. First, we promote research into comics-related topics, publishing books, producing documentary films, and maintaining online resources that encourage comics scholarship.
Second, we promote comics literacy by promoting the medium and encouraging others to experience the unique artform known as comic books.
They have published books about Watchmen, the Legion of Super-Heroes, the Batman and X-Men films, as well as producing documentaries about Grant Morrison, Warren Ellis, Chris Claremont, and the Image founders.
Ryan K Lindsay is a writer of comics and about comics. He has had words featured in comics from IDW, Marvel, Action Lab, ComixTribe, and Challenger Comics, as well as published non-fiction with CBR, Sequart, and Crime Factory.
For more details or information please contact Ryan K Lindsay, he can be reached on: email: ryanlindsay82@gmail.com Twitter: @ryanklindsay
LEGAL DISCLAIMER: Daredevil and related characters are trademarks of Marvel Comics. This book is not endorsed by Marvel Comics.
Glucose, a form of sugar, is the primary source of energy for every cell in the body. Because the brain is so rich in nerve cells, or neurons, it is the most energy-demanding organ, using one-half of all the sugar energy in the body.
Brain functions such as thinking, memory, and learning are closely linked to glucose levels and how efficiently the brain uses this fuel source. If there isn't enough glucose in the brain, for example, neurotransmitters, the brain's chemical messengers, are not produced and communication between neurons breaks down. In addition, hypoglycemia, a common complication of diabetes caused by low glucose levels in the blood, can lead to loss of energy for brain function and is linked to poor attention and cognitive function.
“The brain is dependent on sugar as its main fuel,” says Vera Novak, MD, PhD, an HMS associate professor of medicine at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. “It cannot be without it.”
Although the brain needs glucose, too much of this energy source can be a bad thing. A 2012 study in animals by researchers at the University of California at Los Angeles indicated a positive relationship between the consumption of fructose, another form of sugar, and the aging of cells, while a 2009 study, also using an animal model, conducted by a team of scientists at the University of Montreal and Boston College, linked excess glucose consumption to memory and cognitive deficiencies.
The effects of glucose and other forms of sugar on the brain may be the most profound in diabetes, a group of diseases in which high blood glucose levels persist over a prolonged period of time. Type 1 diabetes is a disease in which the immune system destroys the cells in the pancreas that produce insulin, a hormone used by the body to keep blood glucose levels in check. Type 2 diabetes, caused by dietary and other environmental factors, is a condition in which cells become overwhelmed by insulin and fail to properly respond; they become resistant to insulin.
Long-term diabetes—either type 1 or type 2—has many consequences for the brain and for neurons in the brain, says Novak. High blood glucose levels can affect the brain's functional connectivity, which links brain regions that share functional properties, and brain matter. It can cause the brain to atrophy or shrink. And it can lead to small-vessel disease, which restricts blood flow in the brain, causing cognitive difficulties and, if severe enough, spurring the development of vascular dementia.
In her laboratory, Novak is studying ways to prevent these effects in people with type 2 diabetes. One of these ways involves a nasal spray called intranasal insulin (INI). When used, INI enters the brain and binds to receptors in its memory networks, including the hippocampus, hypothalamus, and insular cortex. As signaling within these memory networks become more efficient, the cognitive functions associated with these areas, such as learning and visual perceptions of spatial relationships, improve.
“Type 2 diabetes accelerates brain aging,” says Novak, “which, in turn accelerates the progression of functional decline. With intranasal insulin, we're hoping to find a new avenue for treatment to slow down these effects or prevent them altogether.”
In a pilot study, Novak and her colleagues found that a single dose of INI had a positive effect on memory, verbal learning, and spatial orientation. She is now planning the first clinical trial of INI in older adults with type 2 diabetes.
The results of the trial are especially relevant because of the high prevalence of dementia and significant cognitive decline among older adults with diabetes.
Scott Edwards is a freelance science writer based in Massachusetts.
(CNN) Sorry to break it to you, but Google Earth ain't all that.
In a pre-digital era more than 30 years before Google Earth, an ultrasecret US satellite program spied on other countries by taking much higher quality photos of the planet's surface.
The intelligence community called this program Big Bird and Keyhole-9, but its codename was Hexagon.
"These were much better pictures than Google Earth," Phil Pressel told CNN's "Declassified."
Pressel should know. He was a top engineer at Massachusetts-based Perkin-Elmer, designer and builder of Hexagon's cameras -- which played a huge role in protecting the United States during the Cold War.
"I honestly think that the Hexagon program was responsible for preventing World War III," Pressel said. Hexagon photos allowed US intelligence analysts to conclusively count numbers of Soviet troops, tanks, aircraft and missiles to make sure Moscow wasn't violating arms control treaties.
The Hexagon program is part of a legacy of American spies in the sky stretching from the 1950s to today, aimed at finding early warning signs about potential threats to the US.
One reason their cameras captured so much detail was because they were big. The US National Reconnaissance Office launched 20 Hexagons between 1971 and 1986.One reason their cameras captured so much detail was because they were big.
Each satellite was the size of a school bus and weighed 30,000 pounds. They created photos showing 370-mile swaths of the planet. From 100 miles in orbit, those pictures clearly showed objects as small as 2 feet wide (61 centimeters.)
A Hexagon spy satellite at the National Museum of the US Air Force in Dayton, Ohio.
At that level of resolution, you could see a picnic blanket and count the number of people on it, said Pressel, "... you might see a ball being tossed."
JUST WATCHED The satellites that engineers say prevented a US-Soviet war. Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The satellites that engineers say prevented a US-Soviet war. 01:08
Although some of Google Earth's images shot from aircraft are very clear and show people on the ground like Hexagon's, that's not the case with Google Earth's color photos from satellites. Google wouldn't respond to CNN's questions asking for specific resolution figures for its satellite images, but at best, their color photos only show objects as small as about 3 feet wide, or about 1 meter, according to several satellite industry reports
For security reasons, "U.S. companies are currently limited to selling imagery that has a ground resolution of 0.25 meters (9.8 inches) on the commercial market," said Brian Weeden, space surveillance expert and technical adviser at the Secure World Foundation.
Hexagon's amazing delivery system
What was really crazy about these satellites is how they delivered the goods.
After the film was shot, the satellites loaded the footage into capsules and dropped them from orbit into the atmosphere. These so-called "buckets" descended to an altitude of 50,000 feet -- where they popped their parachutes off the Hawaiian Islands.
Hexagon spy satellite Altitude: 80-370 nautical miles (92-426 miles) Mission duration: 124 days average Panoramic cameras: Perkin-Elmer, 60-inch focal length f/3.0, aperture 20 inches Mapping camera: Itek, 12-inch focal length f/6.0, 9.5 in film, with two Itek 10-in focal length f/2.0, 70mm film cameras for star-tracking position reference Film: length 320,000 feet (about 60 miles), width 6.6 inches Number of film return capsules (aka "buckets"): Four (five if mapping camera used) Maximum film load per capsule: 52,000-77,500 feet Maximum film weight per capsule: 500 pounds Capsule weight: 956 pounds Source: National Museum of the USAF
While the buckets floated toward the ocean surface, they broadcast radio beacons that helped Air Force pilots flying C-130 cargo planes zero in on their locations. The planes then used a special system of cables to snag the buckets in midair.
In 1972, a bucket parachute failed to open and it crashed into the Pacific. Although the buckets were designed to float, this one sank, experts said, probably because it was damaged by the force of hitting the water.
The United States mounted a secret, dramatic and unprecedented deep-sea search and recovery mission to find the bucket, a story revealed in CNN's "Declassified ."
After each satellite ran out of film, controllers intentionally let the Hexagons fall out of orbit back to Earth, where they burned up in the atmosphere during re-entry, like falling stars.
'Ice Station Zebra'
Film buffs may know that a lost canister from a US spy satellite inspired the plot of the 1968 Rock Hudson film, "Ice Station Zebra ."
In 1959, the Air Force accidentally caused the satellite Discoverer II to send its re-entry vehicle down over the Arctic, said Dwayne Day, historian and space policy analyst.
The United States suspected the vehicle landed on Norway's Spitsbergen Island, prompting a search mission.
Supposedly, Day said, US searchers saw tracks in the snow that led back to a Soviet mining camp, which sparked suspicions that Moscow got its hands on that secret US re-entry vehicle.
Day said the Air Force officer responsible for the launch "kind of scoffed at the story. He told me, 'I find it really hard to believe that in all that big ocean the thing happened to come down on that one tiny piece of land.' He just thought it was all a lot of bunk," Day said.
Task a satellite with your smartphone
Fast forward to today, when just about anybody can get in on the satellite game.
Got a credit card and a smartphone? You can change a satellite's orbit and take photos of specific areas of Earth from space with a phone app called SpyMeSat
But those are commercial satellites, owned and operated by companies. They may have the high-res capabilities of some imagery spy satellites, but they're not allowed to sell those images commercially. Access to the ultra-high resolution stuff captured by commercial satellites is limited to the US government.
Even without high-res photos, access to commercial satellites allow just about anyone to do cool things with the technology, like a project with DigitalGlobe to count Weddell seals in Antarctica
Uncle Sam's orbiting spy gear
So, what kind of space-surveillance gear is Uncle Sam packing these days?
There are "probably a handful" of secret US satellites today that take ultra-high resolution photos of the Earth from space, said Day. "Some have been up there many years -- five to 10 years."
These satellites are even better than Hexagon, Day said, with higher resolution and the ability to see at night -- using sensors that detect infrared electromagnetic radiation -- like heat coming off machines, buildings or people.
A National Reconnaissance Office diagram of Hexagon (Click to expand)
Although their dimensions are classified, we know these modern photo satellites are fairly large because of the size of the rockets that launch them into orbit.
The United States has more than 120 secret satellites in orbit, according to the Union of Concerned Scientists , which updates a list on its website.
Just like human spies, top secret satellites actually have cover names.
These names begin with the letters "USA" followed by a three-digit code. The most recent secret satellites, USA-270 and 271 , were launched on August 19.
Today's spy photo satellites transmit images back to Earth electronically. That allows for somewhat smaller satellite designs because it eliminates the need to store film. Hexagon had to haul 60 miles of film -- 30 miles in two cameras -- and eight buckets to drop the film back to Earth.
First launched in 1976, a US spy satellite program called Kennen "was the first near-real time system," Day said. Images were beamed down minutes or hours after they were taken, he said, as opposed to waiting days or weeks for them to be dropped, like the Hexagons. Current US photo satellite systems are descendants of that technology, said Day.
Spy satellite tool box
There are other amazing ways that snooping governments can get a look at us.
Radar satellites bounce radio waves off objects on the ground, allowing analysts to precisely evaluate their shapes. These satellites can determine a building's dimensions down to the centimeter, day or night.
Multispectral and hyperspectral satellites monitor many kinds of electromagnetic waves on the planet's surface that are invisible to the human eye. With this technology, for example, analysts can determine what materials make up an object.
Who's the best?
The US government remains the global leader in satellites that boast extreme surveillance capabilities -- so-called "exquisite" platforms, experts say.
"The US is second to none in terms of quality, quantity and diversity of different types of spy satellites. It has far more reconnaissance imagery satellites than anybody else and they're much better quality," said Weeden.
But other nations are rushing to catch up.
France and Israel "have some very good imagery and electronic intelligence and -- in the case of the Israelis -- radar imagery satellites, but they have only very few of them," said Weeden, who is technical adviser for the Secure World Foundation.
"Russia is pretty good," he said, "but they're definitely a step behind" the United States. "Same with China," said Weeden. "They've gotten much, much better just within the past 10 to 15 years."
China's 2013 space budget was estimated at $6 billion, outspending Moscow by about a billion dollars, according to Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The US government's civilian and military space budgets together total around $44 billion a year, according to the US Government Accountability Office . Of that, Washington spends about $22 billion a year on military national security space programs, according to the Defense Department
"China is making a concerted effort on space, across the board," Weeden said, "everything from human space flight to military intelligence, because they see space as being a key to power in the 21st century."
As more nations develop increasingly sophisticated spy satellites designed to gather the best intelligence data, the space surveillance arena will only become more competitive.
The whole scenario offers a reminder that -- now more than ever -- prying eyes are looking down on us 24/7.
A tanning bed.
Tanning dependence is a syndrome where an individual appears to have a physical or psychological dependence on sunbathing or the use of ultraviolet (UV) tanning beds.[1] Compulsive tanning may satisfy the definition of a behavioral addiction as well.[2][3][4]
Medical evidence [ edit ]
Tanning dependence may have a physiological basis involving endogenous opioids. There is evidence that UV exposure produces beta-endorphin in the epidermis and conflicting evidence of this opioid being released into the blood system, a pathway to the brain.[5] A small study also found the opioid antagonist naltrexone reduced preference for UV tanning beds and at higher doses produced withdraw symptoms in frequent tanners.[5] Better understanding of tanning dependence requires further controlled studies, especially in imaging and neurobiology.[6]
The finding that excessive tanning can lead to dependence is based upon "the observations of many dermatologists." Dermatologists tell researchers that although they advise their patients not to visit tanning beds because of the risk of melanoma, patients still do. In a 2014 literature review, researchers wrote that many people who tan excessively meet psychiatry's symptom criteria for substance abuse.[6] In a case where ten studies provided data for the assessment of melanoma risk among subjects who reported “ever” being exposed compared with those “never” exposed; a positive association was found between exposure and risk.[7]
The effects of tanning dependence are/but not limited to: skin cancer, skin burns, premature skin aging, and eye damage (both short and long-term).[8]
History of the term: Tanorexia [ edit ]
Tanorexia is the term used to describe a condition in which a person, most notably Caucasian people, participates in excessive outdoor sun tanning or excessive use of other skin tanning methods (such as tanning beds) to achieve a darker skin complexion because they perceive themselves as unacceptably pale.[9] The syndrome is different from tanning dependence, although both may fit into the same syndrome and can be considered a subset of tanning dependence.
Although the term tanorexia has been used by the media and several doctors to describe the syndrome, both the word and syndrome have not been widely accepted by the medical community, and is considered slang by many. The term tanorexia was coined after the medical condition anorexia nervosa, a disorder characterized by low body weight and body image distortion with an obsessive fear of gaining weight. It can be likened to the common practice of adding the suffix "-aholic" (from the term alcoholic) to the end of any action or food someone enjoys extensively and often (e.g., "choc-aholic", "work-aholic", "golf-aholic", "shop-aholic", etc.).
Serious cases of tanorexia can be considered dangerous. This is because many of the more popular methods of tanning (such as those mentioned above) require prolonged exposure to ultraviolet radiation, which is known to be a cause of many negative side effects, including skin cancer.
Example cases [ edit ]
Extreme instances may be an indication of body dysmorphic disorder (BDD),[10] a mental disorder in which one is extremely critical of his or her physique or self-image to an obsessive and compulsive degree. As it is with anorexia, a person with BDD is said to show signs of a characteristic called distorted body image. In layman's terms, anorexia sufferers commonly believe they are overweight, many times claiming they see themselves as "fat", when in reality, they are often, but not always, nutritionally underweight and physically much thinner than the average person. In the same way, a sufferer of "tanorexia" may believe him or herself to have a much lighter – even a pale – complexion when he or she is actually quite dark-skinned.
Neither tanning dependence nor tanorexia are covered under the latest edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders. However, a 2005 article in The Archives of Dermatology presents a case for UV light tanning dependence to be viewed as a type of substance abuse disorder.[11]
In 2012, New Jersey mother Patricia Krentcil received national media attention amid accusations that she had brought her five-year-old daughter with her to a tanning salon in order for the child to receive a tan. The child's school nurse had expressed concern over her sunburn, at which point the daughter claimed she had gone "tanning with Mommy". This prompted the school to call Division of Youth and Family Services, as New Jersey law bans children under 14 from tanning booths.[12] Initial media coverage of the event resulted in widespread attention given to Patricia Krentcil's unusually bronzed image, leading many to speculate that she was tanorexic.[13] She was subsequently charged with second-degree child endangerment,[14] and she was banned from over 60 tanning salons in the tri-state area.[15] Patricia claimed that it was all a misunderstanding, saying her daughter was never exposed to the tanning booth's UV rays and instead got slightly sunburned while playing outside on a warm day.[16] She was later cleared of the charge.[17] At one point, she was challenged to stop tanning for one month, which she did, greatly changing her appearance. She claimed it made her feel "weird and pale", and that she would cut back on tanning, but not eliminate it from her hobbies. A Connecticut-based business also attempted to seize and capitalize on the "tan mom" craze by creating an action figure doll of Patricia.[18]
Treatment [ edit ]
Excessive tanning increases the risk of developing certain types of skin cancer. People that are addicted to tanning are dealing with a body dysmorphic disorder (BDD).[19] People with tanorexia dislike the color of their skin but in reality the perceived defect may be only a slight imperfection or non-existent. Commonly, people who are suffering from tanorexia also suffer from anxiety disorders such as obsessive compulsive disorder, depression and eating disorders.
To get the right treatment for tanorexia, people must mention specifically their concerns with their appearance when they talk to a doctor or mental health professional. Effective treatments that are available at the moment are cognitive behavioral therapy, antidepressant medications, hypnosis and addiction treatment centers.[19] Antidepressant medications include selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and can help relieve the obsessive and compulsive symptoms of tanorexia. The third treatment, is an audio hypnosis session which is developed by psychologists with a wide experience in helping people beat all kinds of addictive behaviour patterns.[20] Lastly, people with an extreme tanning addiction can look for help at specific addiction centres that are spread throughout the United States.[21]
Tanning culture in the Western Hemisphere [ edit ]
In Western European culture, pale skin has indicated high status. A tan signified that you had to work outdoors as a manual laborer, while pale skin announced that you could afford to stay out of the sun and spend time and money cultivating your appearance. In the 1920s, pioneering fashion designer Coco Chanel popularized the idea of tanning. She made it so the sun represented pleasure and relaxation as well as wealth.[22] Post Industrial Revolution, tanning gained popularity because at this time it was easier to be employed, and therefore there was less outdoor manual labor, and more indoor labor. Due to more indoor jobs, a tan began to mean that you had time the leisure time to bronze your skin and the money to travel to places where it could be acquired. A tan also represented enthusiasm for outdoor activities, as well as physical fitness and good health.[23]
When tanning bed became implemented the concept of tanning changed yet again. The first self tanner, Tan-Man, was introduced in 1959, and UV tanning beds started to appear in the United States in 1978.[24] A study conducted at Pepperdine University in 2005 found that 25 percent of beach-goers showed signs of tanning addiction or tanorexia.[25] Since the implementation of tanning beds in the United States, nearly 30 million people tan indoors every year.[26]
There have been health issues related to tanning trends. In 2014 most Australian states put a ban on all commercial tanning beds. It is the second nation after Brazil to impose restrictions. In 2011 over 2000 people died from skin cancer in Australia. Several European counties and American States have banned the use of tanning beds by minors.[27] Scientists have also suspected that frequent exposure to UVs has the potential to become addictive. Researchers have found that several parts of the brain that a play a role in addiction are active when people are exposed to UV rays.[28]
Tanning culture in the Eastern Hemisphere [ edit ]
In the mid 1990's, a new type of tanning trend appeared in Japan called Ganguro. It was a way for Japanese women to resist traditional roles for women in Japan.[29] The style is described as having deep tans and blond, orange, or silver gray hair. Many of these women were shunned by the public and media.[30]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India on Friday relaxed the daily ATM withdrawal limit to Rs 4500 from the earlier cap of Rs 2500. However, the weekly withdrawal limit of Rs 24,000 remains unchanged even as the 50-day demonetisation exercise comes to a close."On a review of the position, the daily limit of withdrawal from ATMs has been increased with effect from January 01, 2017, from the existing Rs 2,500 to Rs 4,500 per day per card," the banking regulator said in a notification issued late Friday evening. "There is no change in weekly withdrawal limits."The Reserve Bank of India has also asked banks to ensure that disbursals on ATMs should predominantly be in the denomination of Rs 500.The government and the Reserve Bank of India have maintained that they have stocked enough currency to ensure smooth supply even beyond December. According to numbers released on December 21, the regulator has supplied currency amounting to Rs 5.92 lakh crore till December 19 as against the Rs 15.4 lakh crore pulled out of the system on November 8. RBI had also said it had issued a total of 22.6 billion notes of various denominations during the demonetisation process until December 19. Of this, 20.4 billion were Rs 10, Rs 20, Rs 50 and Rs 100 notes while 2.2 billion were Rs 500 and Rs 2,000 notes.
In Action Comics #900, a back up strip by David Goyer, showed Superman announcing he was to go to the UN and give up his citizenship of the USA, so to ensure his actions were not mistaken for US government policy.
And the news exploded.
Well, today, from DC Comics, on the last page of Superman #711, we see a very different situation. Superman loving America after all! That (thankfully) doesn't spoil the story having on its own right here.
And to quote; “That's what America is about, really. That's the American way. Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness – and second chances. None of us are forced to be anything we don't want to be. When I was young I knew that I would be someone different when I grew up. I would leave home and make a new life for myself. A new start, a second chance. When I first went to Metropolis, it was full of people who'd done the same thing. People from all over America – from over the world – who went to the city to live the lives they wanted – to be the people they wanted to be. That's the idea that America was founded on, but it's not just for the people born here, it's for everyone. And it's for people like me and Livewire too.” – Superman.
As to whether or not he still has US citizenship, that's a story for another day. Or not. Until then why not catch up on Captain America fighting WikiLeaks with his fists, or Wonder Woman killing all of the men in Britain, possibly by removing their testicles. What a world, what a world.
And if you actually want to know Livewire's story, read the comic! Superman #711, out this week.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Three moth species have disappeared from the U.K. in the past decade and two thirds of the species that remain have suffered dramatic population crashes according to new research from the organizations Butterfly Conservation and Rothamsted Research. The news is published in the new report "The State of Britain's Larger Moths 2013" (pdf), which covers the roughly 900 "macro moths" out of the 2,500 moth species recorded in Great Britain.
The three moth species cited in the report as extinct in the U.K. are the orange upperwing (Jodia croceago), the bordered gothic (Heliophobus reticulate) and the Brighton wainscot (Oria musculosa). The organizations suspect that a fourth species, the stout dart (Spaelotis ravida), may have also disappeared. All four of these species had limited ranges and had been in decline for decades. They follow 62 other U.K. moth species that went extinct in the 20th century. Habitat loss, especially related to industrial farming in the southern half of the U.K., appears to be the primary driver of the extinctions, although pesticide use could also be a factor. The total number of all large moths has fallen by 43 percent in the southern U.K. since 1968, compared with just 11 percent in the north.
Additional extinctions could soon follow, the report warns. The population of V-moths (Macaria wauaria) has declined by 99 percent since 1968. The garden dart (Euxoa nigricans), the double dart (Graphiphora augur) and the dusky thorn (Ennomos fuscantaria) have all declined by 98 percent. Numerous other species face similar declines. All told, 61 species of larger moths have declined by 75 percent or more since 1968.
Interestingly, one third of large moth species are actually enjoying population increases and a few species have had dramatic population expansions. The number of the least carpet moths (Idaea rusticata) has grown by nearly 75,000 percent (that's not a typo) over the past 40 years, making it by far the biggest winner amongst British moths. The reasons for this particular boom are unknown, but the organizations theorize that other species—including 27 non-native species that have come to the British Isles during the 21st century—may be benefitting from climate change as certain habitats become warmer and more hospitable. Non-native plants in parks and gardens have also helped these "colonizers" to gain territory in the U.K.
Why should we care about moth extinctions? Moths help to pollinate native plants and serve as an important source of food for birds, bats and other species, Butterfly Conservation vice president Chris Packham said in a prepared statement. On a broader scale, "Larger moths are key indicator species that let us know how our environment is faring in a period of unprecedented environmental change," he said.
The information for this report was generated through the long-running Rothamsted Insect Survey, which taps volunteers and citizen scientists to help monitor insect populations throughout the U.K.
Photos courtesy of Butterfly Conservation. Used with permission
The Nova Scotia Health Authority says 16 new doctors are heading to Cape Breton.
The announcement comes after local physicians held rallies during the provincial election campaign in May to raise awareness of a doctor shortage in the region, calling it a crisis situation.
They blamed the amalgamation of the province's health authorities in part for the failed efforts to fill dozens of vacancies.
The new hires include four family physicians and 12 specialists. Five started their new jobs in July, with the remainder beginning within six months.
"I'm starting to feel a little better," said Dr. Rex Dunn, a vascular surgeon in Cape Breton who is also a member of the recruitment committee.
"We felt that we really were approaching a difficult time — a perfect storm, really."
More vacancies to fill
Last year, the health authority pledged to do exit interviews with physicians leaving their practices, but only three have been completed so far.
While the new hires are seen as a positive step, the region is still short of doctors. There are nine family doctor vacancies and it's anticipated there will be another eight in the future.
Cape Breton also needs a dozen more specialists and the health authority anticipates 14 more positions will soon become vacant.
In a news release, the health authority said it has 10 more site visits planned with potential hires later this summer.
Community effort
The health authority credits the business community and the Cape Breton Regional Hospital Foundation with helping the recruitment process.
Stuart MacLeod, who works in the insurance industry, decided he would get involved after a surgeon approached him and asked for ideas.
"We thought it would be good to show young medical students the wonderful things that we have in Cape Breton, but more importantly a testimonial from doctors who are living here and enjoying it here," MacLeod said.
He approached a number of businesses and raised $12,000 to produce a high-quality video that will soon be completed and shown at medical schools across the country.
"Not one said, 'No,'" he said. "There's just too many people that don't have a family doctor or need a specialist in our area so we thought that we would do our part to help."
Looking ahead
Along with community assistance, Dunn said the recruitment committee has plans on how to move forward.
They're compiling a list of medical school students who have ties to Nova Scotia or Cape Breton, pointing out they're most likely to stay long term.
"[We're] starting to get in touch with them early on to keep them reminded that we're up here and have a good spot," said Dunn.
A top Tory student from one of the world's most elite universities has been caught on camera setting fire to a £20 note in front of a freezing homeless person — The Mirror reports today.
Advertisements
The video of the University of Cambridge student was shared publicly on social media platform Snapchat. It echoes previously reported and well documented stories about similar disgusting Tory student behaviour from people like former Prime Minister David Cameron.
The Mirror reports that in the video, the student (wearing a white bow tie and tails) struggles to set light to the £20 note, while the director pans to the homeless person.
Advertisements
Advertisements
The student then says:
some homeless shelter
The video – that was allegedly taken in the freezing early hours of February 2nd this year – then cuts out.
Shockingly (but not surprisingly) the Cambridge University Conservative Association (CUCA) has confirmed that the student was their communications officer: Ronald Coyne.
Sign up to be notified of new Evolve Politics articles Name Email * You read and agreed to our Privacy Policy.
CUCA has since asked him to resign from the group. A CUCA spokesman said that the behaviour was:
disgusting and abhorrent.
Adding:
The CUCA committee became aware of serious allegations against Ronald Coyne late last week concerning his private behaviour. There is no room for people who behave like that in our Association, any other University Association, or frankly our University. This disgusting and abhorrent behaviour occurred completely independently of CUCA, and did not take place before or after any CUCA event.
Many top Tories have been part of the club, including Ken Clarke, who was a former Chairman. Ex-Chief Whip Andrew Mitchell and Lord Speaker Fowler are still both Honorary Vice-Presidents.
Advertisements
Advertisements
This despicable behaviour echoes the well-known antics of the elitist Bullingdon Club at Oxford University and other world leading institutions. Former members include Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, former PM David Cameron, Former Chancellor George Osborne, and the BBC's David Dimbleby.
In 2013 it was reported that as part of the initiation ceremony into the Bullingdon Club members had to burn a £50 note in front of a beggar.
Under the Tories, people sleeping in doorways, on the street and in the freezing cold has more than doubled. Tory austerity policies have been directly linked to the rise in homelessness: 1 in 5 sanctions leads directly to homelessness, housing benefit has been cut by £7bn by the Tories — again contributing to this rise in homelessness — to name just a few.
A recent report by the Higher Education Statistics Agency showed out of the 24 Russell group universities Cambridge has one of the least proportion of students from “lower social classes” — just 10.2 per cent of students came from poorer backgrounds — Oxford had even less, meaning that 90% of the intake two of the world's leading universities almost exclusively come from middle-class and wealthier backgrounds.
Surely then, it's no wonder that some of the students that attend these universities — particularly the ones that join these elitist Tory groups and treat the poor and homeless with severe “Mr Burns”-like cruelty.
EDIT:
In response to this, the team at new media outlet EvolvePolitics.co.uk felt compelled to set up this crowdfunder for Jimmy's Shelter in Cambridge.
We all feel that some good should come out of this wicked and despicable act. The more we give to this brilliant cause – the clearer we make it that this kind of behaviour will be countered with acts of kindness that will always outweigh it a hundred times over.
Please dig deep, folks!
https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/EvolveJimmys
UPDATE:
The reaction to our fundraiser has been incredible: Vile Tory toff attack on the homeless inspires hundreds of donations to a local shelter
Become An Evolve Politics Subscriber
Your subscriptions go directly into paying our writers a standard fee for every article they produce. So if you want to help us stay truly independent, please think about subscribing. We literally couldn't function without the support of our fantastic readers.
Or a One-Off Donation to Evolve Politics
If you don't want to subscribe, but still want to contribute to our project, you can make a one-off donation via the donate button below. All your donations go directly to our writers for their work in exposing injustice, inequality and unfairness.
THIS is the vicious thug who's at the centre of a nationwide manhunt after he was accused of attempting to mow down a brave garda, the Irish Sun on Sunday can reveal.
The young hood — who's part of an organised Traveller mob behind a spate of burglaries across the country — is wanted after an officer in Co Wicklow was hit by a Skoda Activia last week.
A bulletin was sent to all Garda stations in a bid to track down the criminal after he was linked to the attack.
He's accused of being part of a three-strong gang — including one woman — who targeted the guard after the officer attempted to remove their car keys.
The garda took the keys from the vehicle — fitted with false plates — after the suspects were accused of going on a shoplifting spree.
But the officer was then attacked and hit with a car door after he was overpowered by the mob. The gang then sped off sparking a nationwide search.
A source said: “The officer is lucky to be alive and he could have easily been killed. The gang were determined to get away.
“They were stealing clothes from stores across Wicklow and when they were spotted by the guard he attempted to stop them.
“This incident just goes to show how frontline gardai place their lives on the line each and every time they go to work.
“Once a description of the suspect was given he was immediately identified and now every officer in the country will be looking for him.”
Our exclusive image shows the suspect, 20, taunting his rivals by posing with a machete in a bullet-proof vest.
We can also reveal how his gang are wanted for a spate of thefts in Kildare, Sligo, Tullow, Thurles, Donegal and north Dublin.
The young thug — who drives high-powered vehicles in a bid to outrun gardai — has 18 convictions for theft and driving offences.
And we can also reveal how he's the chief suspect for driving over a deliveryman during an attempted theft in Finglas, last December.
On that occasion, van driver Mervyn Heffernan, 47, from Enfield, Co Meath, was trapped under a getaway car and suffered serious burns caused by the exhaust pipe.
The Garda Air Support Unit and Dog Unit were also involved in the search to find the hood.
Since the incident, the burglar has been staying in different halting sites across the country. Detectives believe he could now be staying with pals at a site outside the capital.
As part of our investigation into the suspect's gang, we can also reveal how he has links to Traveller suspects in Ballymun linked to a bogus NCT scam.
Our exclusive images also show the moment gardai stormed the site last Monday.
It is alleged that the suspects were producing dodgy car certificates near a busy NCT centre, also in Ballymun.
Officers swooped as part of a probe into Ireland's stolen car industry. During the raid, detectives discovered tools for making bogus NCT forms. They also recovered hundreds of fake NCT certs, thousands of blank car registration forms and tax discs.
And the young hood at the centre of the manhunt is also a close associate of Patrick ‘Pope' Maughan, 55.
Maughan, from Ballymun, north Dublin, is also on the run after he was linked to a spate of house raids across the country.
Gardai have also issued a bulletin for Maughan and are desperate to find him.
A source added: “Maughan's wanted because he has emerged as a suspect for a number of thefts from homes.
“He hasn't been seen at his old stronghold in north Dublin and the suspicion is that he could be outside the capital.”
@SteBreen
0 of 11
USA TODAY Sports
Championship-chasing NBA teams need help too.
Most of the time devoted to trade speculation is spent on floundering and fringe squads that need significant upgrades in order to take the next required step. Contenders are secondary to less fortunate franchises. But even title-seekers need assistance and midseason improvements.
These roster tweaks are usually slight. Blockbuster trades are few and far between for successful contingents. Futzing around with a winning formula is inherently dangerous, and significant additions only threaten chemistry. Good teams also tend to be light on expendable assets worthy of facilitating said blockbuster deals.
Marginal additions are more realistic, and it's our job to identify one such additive for each of the Association's title contenders.
Title contenders mean title contenders, by the way. Focus will lie solely on teams capable of winning their respective conference. This method not only adds an air of exclusivity, but it ensures the (almost) contender-barren East doesn't feel left out.
This also means we'll have to offer our condolences to fringe contenders such as the Phoenix Suns, Washington Wizards (they miss Trevor Ariza) and New Orleans Pelicans. Sorry, guys. Maybe next year. Or, knowing how turbulent the NBA is these days, maybe next month.
For now, it's all about finding feasible trade targets who can help the best of the best become the best-est.
*Trades will be vetted by ESPN Trade Machine whenever possible. Note that players signed over the offseason cannot be officially dealt until Dec. 15.
Niagara Falls? Been there. Algonquin Park? Done that. The CN Tower? Passé. Ontario could get a whole new generation of hot tourist attractions if an idea being floated by Queen's Park works out.
The Center Parcs De Vossemeren vacation village in Belgium features an indoor tropical forest and water park. The Ontario government is looking at such vacation villages as a way to boost the province's tourism industry. ( Center Parcs )
Procurement documents posted to the government's website show that in February the province issued a tender to study the possibility of setting up “vacation villages” across Ontario. The resort-style villages are popular family holiday destinations in Europe, where they attract millions of visitors every year. Some are as simple as a cluster of holiday cottages in an idyllic countryside setting, while others also feature amenities like bowling alleys, paintball fields and indoor water parks. Center Parcs, one of two European companies whose village concepts the document says might be adapted for use in Ontario, has 21 locations in Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands and France. On its website, the company promises “first-class facilities, including stylish accommodation, restaurants and a wide range of indoor and outdoor activities from badminton to sailing.”
Article Continued Below
What say you?
The Center Parc De Vossemeren in Belgium has a Discovery Bay “indoor play world” that includes a “tropical pirate adventure” complete with shipwreck, bamboo forest and sandy beach. The government-commissioned study would “determine the financial viability and potential economic impact of a vacation village in Ontario” by examining factors like potential market size, provincial demographics and analysis of current holiday behaviour, according to the tender. The successful bidderwould also be asked to identify five potential locations for the attractions in the province, and produce two reports: one for internal government use and another to attract potential investors. Minister of Tourism, Culture, and Sport Michael Coteau was on vacation Friday and was unavailable to respond to questions about why the ministry is pursuing the idea. But in an email, ministry spokeswoman Denelle Balfour said: “Tourism is an important economic driver in Ontario. . . contributing $28 billion to our economy and supporting over 350,000 jobs. Our government is always looking for ways to grow this important sector.” Balfour stated that the province's proximity to the United States and growing domestic and international tourism markets“make Ontario a highly attractive location for the development of world-leading tourism products and experiences.”
The Center Parcs Het Hejderbos vacation village in the Netherlands features an indoor tropical forest and water park.
Steve Clark, the Progressive Conservative Party's critic for tourism, questioned the need to study the creation of new tourist towns. He warned the attractions could cannibalize business in the province's existing holiday hot spots. He said tourism is an important industry for his riding of Leeds-Grenville, which is home to the Rideau Canal— a UNESCO World Heritage Site — as well as the Thousand Islands. “I can argue that I have some vacation villages that are already up and running in Leeds and Grenville. And I'm sure the other MPPs would feel the same. Maybe the minister wouldn't because he's already asked for this study,” he said.
Article Continued Below
“I think we've got some great infrastructure that we need to support now, without having to look at five new sites that we're going to create.”
Listen up, volume house builders. Here's an idea that could help your business and our suburbs.
The great Australian dream of a detached home in the suburbs may not be as popular as it once was. Despite this, detached housing built by volume builders – those who frequently offer house and land packages – continues to represent a significant number of our new dwellings built each year. While townhouses and apartments are increasing in popularity, the suburban house is still often seen to offer the most volume-for-dollar and are particularly attractive for young families.
There is no doubt that the home building industry is particularly competitive. We can see this in the way new homes are aggressively marketed to first home buyers and it is also evident in the way these homes are designed. Every opportunity is taken to cut the cost for the builder in order for them to remain competitive and stay in business.
The standard approach for volume builders is to offer a range of home designs for the consumer to pick and choose from. Larger builders have about 100 designs to choose from, while smaller operators have a narrower selection.
For the consumer, the upfront design costs of the overall building are then split over the number of times a particular home design is built. While this saves the consumer about 10 per cent of the upfront cost, a downside is that one of the biggest fundamentals of good building design – solar orientation – is lost.
The correct solar orientation of a house will enable your living areas to receive sunlight in winter, thus keeping them warmer and shading the building in summer. This fundamental design practice substantially reduces the energy required to heat and cool your home.
Despite this, the cookie cutter approach that the volume builder market creates does not currently address this fundamental principle. Instead of designing with solar orientation in mind, the standard designs rely on smaller window sizes, so that the minimum required energy rating can be achieved, regardless of which side of the building faces north.
Given that this housing type will continue to be an important percentage of dwellings built in Australia every year, we must ask ourselves if there is a better way?
There would appear to be a substantial opportunity for a large volume builder to break the mould and begin to sell houses to match a specific orientation.
Instead of offering 100 universal designs, why not offer 25 designs which are specifically developed for each quadrant of the compass? This could even begin as a smaller subset of their total offering, specifically targeting those who want a properly-oriented home. The design cost is still split among the number of each house built, which – in theory – should not cost the builder or the purchaser any additional design money.
Those choosing such a home could enjoy larger north-facing windows, better daylight exposure and lower energy bills. For the builders who adopt such a business strategy there are also benefits to be had. Helping people chose a product that is right for their situation goes a long way towards achieving genuine customer satisfaction.
A house design being is reused multiple times should not mean it should restrict the outcome to mediocrity. Precisely because of its repetitive nature, it is even more important for the design to be to everyone's benefit.
So, volume home builders, take a moment to consider what you are currently offering. Your customers deserve better.
Michael Smith is a director of architectural practice at Atelier Red+Black. He also writes the blog The Red+Black Architect.
The Shamu show at SeaWorld (Photo by Josh Hallet via the Creative Commons)
SeaWorld's San Diego park will soon be ending their killer whale shows as part of an effort to rehabilitate their public image.
The decision was revealed on Monday in a document posted online, ahead of a webcast where SeaWorld Entertainment executives would outline the future of the company and their 11 parks. The San Diego Union-Tribune reports that the shows would be replaced in 2017 with an experience that would be "informative" and with a "conservation message inspiring people to act."
Last month the San Diego park's plans for the "Blue World Project"—which would double the living space of the park's 11 resident orcas—were approved by the Coastal Commission on the condition that the park stop captive breeding the animals. The ending of captive breeding would all but end the shows at the San Diego park, and SeaWorld vowed to fight the ban.
According to today's announcement, $100 million of that expansion would now be going towards the new attraction. The SeaWorld parks in Orlando and San Antonio were not a part of today's announcement.
The recent wave of the public's anti-SeaWorld sentiment has mostly stemmed from the documentary Blackfish, which is critical of the park keeping the whales in captivity. Park attendance has dropped since its premiere. On Friday, Congressman Adam Schiff (D-Burbank) announced he would introduce a federal bill that would end the import, export, and breeding of the animals for public display.
Update: PETA's Director of Animal Law Jared Goodman has issued the following statement in response to the news:
An end to SeaWorld's tawdry circus-style shows is inevitable and necessary, but it's captivity that denies these far-ranging orcas everything that is natural and important to them. This move is like no longer whipping lions in a circus act but keeping them locked inside cages for life or no longer beating dogs but never letting them out of crates. As U.S. Rep. Adam B. Schiff indicated when he introduced the federal orca-protection bill, no change to SeaWorld's tanks will be sufficient to satisfy the needs of these animals. That's why PETA is calling on SeaWorld to stop breeding orcas and start building sea sanctuaries where they can experience an actual natural setting and finally thrive.
The comic book industry is in the throes of an existential crisis of its own making. With sales down across the board for basically all of the major publishers, shops like Marvel and DC have been scrambling to figure out how to bring old readers back into the folks while also appealing to new audiences—and DC says it finally has a plan.
During a Comic-Con panel this weekend, DC co-publishers Jim Lee and Dan DiDio were brutally honest about the current troubles plaguing DC's sales and spoke at length about the plans they're working on to save comics. Comic books, Lee said frankly, are no longer the way that most people are introduced to their flagship characters like Batman and Superman—a major problem for a company literally built and still reliant on those characters' backs.
Advertisement
For the past few years, as comic book movies have become an ascendant part of the modern pop cultural conversation, comic books themselves have lagged behind. If you're reading this, then there's a very good chance that you're something of a comic book fan who has kept up with events like Secret Empire and Rebirth from issue to issue—but the narrative and logistical complexity of those kinds of portfolio-wide crossovers often alienate casual readers who might just want to pick up a comic with a character they recognize and be able to enjoy reading a story without having to consult Wikipedia every few panels in order to make sense of what's going on.
Rebirth, Lee said, was a solid first step towards pulling DC's comics out of the dark and gritty rut that so many series have slipped into during late ‘90s, and never got out of. But in order to keep moving forward and address a problem that goes deeper than aesthetics, DC wants to begin putting out the best possible stories about its characters as opposed to the most possible stories. The solution? “Evergreen” flagship stories, unbound from the pace of monthly books currently being published.
Advertisement
Said Lee:
“DC approached me and said, how would you like to take some of the stuff that you are working on with Sean [Murphy] and do it a new, prestige format? Instead of doing it monthly, why not do it in this format that would allow for it to be a bigger stage, both for Sean artistically, and to package the story in a new way and then allow every subsequent story that I was going to do with Paul Pope, with Afua [Richardson], with Lee Bermejo, be done in this format that really foregrounds the art – different paper size, different cut, the whole thing? In that way, it seemed obvious and a perfect solution instead of having them work month-to-month on a normal-sized, conventional comic, we could be some of the first people to try driving in this new lane for DC. I'm really, really thrilled about it.”
Advertisement
According to DiDio, this new project is designed to appeal to a wider audience by being much more accessible, and actually giving the story and art of the books the space to breathe and really resonate with its readers. Gimmicks like ever-increasing profits, variant covers, and events, DiDio said, are a large part of what's killing the comics publishing industry. This new initiative is being designed from the ground up to avoid those kinds of barriers to entry.
Obviously, it's going to take time for DC to fully rethink its gameplan with regards to something as important as this, and there's no guarantee that it'll actually work. But it's an incredibly refreshing to hear this sort of candidness coming directly from executives at one of the two major publishers about the very real challenges it's facing—and how it's going to address them.
More About Philippines
The Philippines are an archipelago of more than seven thousand islands off the southeast coast of Asia. Only half of these islands have been named and roughly one thousand are inhabited. Look at how beautiful they are! People first arrived here from the mainland around 25,000 B.C. by crossing a land bridge which existed at the time.The name comes from Ferdinand Magellan of Portugal, who explored the Philippines in 1521. He claimed them in service of Spain, naming them after Prince Philip. Spain controlled the Philippines for the next 350 years until the Philippine Revolution of 1896.Here's a picture of Fort Santiago, where the national hero Jose Rizal was imprisoned prior to his execution. He was a poet and novelist who supported peaceful reform, rather than violent revolution, against the Spanish government.This is one of poems in which he describes the creation of the world, as a gift to his mother:"Say they that tell of the world, the first dawn of the sun, the first kiss that his bosom inflamed, when thousands of beings surged out of nothing, and peopled the depths, and to the heights mounted, to wherever his fecund kiss was implanted"Violent revolution broke out anyway and the Philippines changed hands from Spanish, to American, to Japanese control over the next fifty years. Following World War Two they finally became an independent republic.Back to the beautiful ocean! You can dream about the Cafe Del Mar resort next time you find your screen saver kicking in when you're still sitting at the desk staring blankly. There's a series of DJ mixes with this title but I don't know if it refers to the same place. I would not be surprised.Annnnd to really get you buying your plane tickets...the sunset over Borocay White Beach!Text by Steve Smith.
A couple of months ago, I criticized the notion that suburban sprawl actually improves air quality by reducing density. However, I missed one pro-sprawl argument: the claim, based on an Australian study [pdf], that apartments (especially high-rise apartments) have higher per-capita greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions than houses. Does this study mean that sprawl pollutes less than compact development? Probably not, for several reasons.
First, walkable urban development need not require high-rise apartment buildings. In fact, low-rise urban areas can be quite dense. For example, Brooklyn's Park Slope neighborhood is dominated by rowhouses and other low-rise buildings- so much so that only 15 percent of its housing structure have five or more units. Yet Park Slope has just over 64,000 people per square mile (roughly twice the Brooklyn-wide average), and the overwhelming majority of its residents do not drive to work.
Second, the Australian study may be of limited uses because of its miniscule sample size. It studied only 17 high-rise buildings, 12 mid-rise buildings and 10 low-rise buildings. As a result, the authors wrote that their study's results "are not statistically representative of… multi-unit residential buildings" even in Sydney, Australia where the study was conducted, let alone in the United States.
Third, evidence from Australia may not be tremendously relevant to the United States, because personal vehicles account for only 10 percent of Australian GHG emissions, as opposed to 25 percent of U.S. GHG emissions. As a result, development patterns that reduce driving are likely to reduce overall per-household emissions to a greater extent in the United States than in Australia.
Fourth, because the study focuses on per-capita emissions its findings are only valid as long as household sizes do not change—that is, as long as apartments are more likely than houses to be dominated by single people. But if development becomes more compact and multifamily dwellings become more popular with families, per-capita emissions for apartments will decline, because each new resident does not significantly increase the overall emissions for a unit. For example, if a two-bedroom apartment is occupied by a family of three instead of by one person, their apartment building is unlikely to need additional elevators or hallway lighting.
Vice President Sherrod Brown Sherrod Campbell BrownWorse than nothing's been done since the massive Equifax hack Dems face internal battle over budget On The Money: Dems set Tuesday vote on Trump's emergency declaration | Most Republicans expected to back Trump | Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown drama | Powell heading before Congress MORE?
That's the scenario gaining steam among liberal Democrats as their presidential front-runner, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, struggles to win white working-class voters in the race against Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.).
ADVERTISEMENT
Though Democrats expect Clinton to ultimately triumph in the race, they are unnerved by Sanders's upset victory last week in Michigan — a feat he hopes to repeat on Tuesday in the Rust Belt primaries of Ohio, Illinois and Missouri.
With Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE increasingly likely to win the Republican nomination, some Democrats say Clinton needs to consider picking a running mate who can counter his populist appeal.
Enter Sen. Brown, a union champion in the mold of Sanders who represents the crucial swing state of Ohio.
Brown, who spent the weekend campaigning around Ohio with Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was 'a loser' MORE, insists he doesn't want the promotion. But his disavowals have done little to silence the growing buzz around his name.
NBC's Chuck Todd and MSNBC's Rachel Maddow each floated a Clinton-Brown ticket last week.
“I put Sherrod Brown now front of the list, front of the line, as a potential running mate for her, because she's going to need somebody who appeals to the Sanders-Warren wing,” Todd said last week, referring to the liberal icon Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.).
Maddow said having Brown on the ticket would come with an added bonus: His wife, Connie Schultz, is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who is “as effective a campaigner as anyone else in the Democratic Party, and she's never been an elected official.”
Schultz responded the next day on her Facebook page that, while she thought Todd's imitation of her husband's raspy voice was funny, “his insisting that Sherrod is at the top of Clinton's VP list wasn't as amusing.”
Brown himself has been similarly direct.
“I do not want to be vice president,” Brown told The Hill in an email.
“I love working for the people of Ohio, and I have a lot more work to do as their senator.”
Yet the VP chatter around Brown is only growing louder.
Progressives view him as in line with Warren on most issues and believe he could help propel Clinton to critical Rust Belt wins in the general election.
Such talk runs counter to the long-held belief that Clinton, the 68-year-old former secretary of State, would be inclined to pick a younger, fresher face — potentially someone Hispanic — as a running mate.
But Trump's rise has raised real questions about that strategy. The billionaire businessman is attracting white, working-class voters — particularly men — not only within the Republican Party but also among independents and moderate Democrats.
Indeed, roughly 20,000 registered Democrats in Massachusetts switched their party affiliation ahead of the state's March 2 primary — an unusual shift that state officials attributed to Trump's appeal among blue-collar voters.
Democrats also see less need for a minority on the ticket if Trump is the Republican nominee, believing the businessman's sharp tone on immigration and his initial failure to disavow a former Ku Klux Klan leader will alienate black and Hispanic voters.
But Clinton's support among white voters appears shakier.
She had held a commanding lead over Sanders in Michigan polls but suffered a narrow loss. The Vermont senator's focus on economic justice appeared to resonate with rural, working-class whites in Michigan, a state that has struggled to hold on to manufacturing jobs.
Indeed, Clinton won just 42 percent of the white vote in the state, versus Sanders's 56 percent, according to CNN's exit polls. That divide was even wider among white men, who voted 62-37 percent in favor of Sanders. Among independent voters, Sanders took a whopping 71 percent.
Rev. Al Sharpton, a Democratic civil rights leader who has not endorsed either candidate, said Clinton needs to step up her game when it comes to her blue-collar economic message and attacking Wall Street greed.
“The problem we have is that, if Sen. Sanders is the nominee, you have one that can resonate … with white working-class voters, but not black voters. You can't win without black and Latino voters,” Sharpton said Thursday during a breakfast in Washington sponsored by the Christian Science Monitor.
“Mrs. Clinton has won black voters all over [the country] … but she has to deal with a message that will resonate with working class. So the balance is what has to happen, and so far neither candidate has shown enough of that balance.”
Even if Brown balks at a Clinton nod, his support in Ohio remains crucial in the race for the White House.
Brown is considered a good campaigner who knows the nooks and crannies of Ohio and who easily connects with voters.
He is a senator who has held weekly lunches with Senate cafeteria workers to discuss their union contracts, and he is the same man who brought his wife a huge batch of wildflowers from their garden ahead of the first snow.
On Saturday, Brown, who endorsed Clinton in October, praised her for having the “the best, thought-through trade and manufacturing policy” of all the 2016 candidates.
Clinton, who has in the past supported trade deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), last year announced her opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), an expansive trade deal between the United States and 11 other Pacific Rim countries. Clinton had expressed support for the pact during her time at State, fueling liberal skepticism about her commitment on trade issues.
Brown generates no such doubts. He has been a strong critic of trade deals dating back to 1992, when he was first elected to the House and immediately began a campaign to stop NAFTA from gaining congressional approval. The deal was ratified two years later under President Clinton.
He is considered a champion of the steel and auto manufacturing industries in his state and has clearly influenced Clinton's revamped message on trade. That was reflected over the weekend when Clinton said that TPP must include higher standards for auto imports.
Clinton, for her part, has dropped no hints about potential vice presidential picks, saying she's focused instead on securing the nomination in the race against Sanders.
The District of Columbia will move forward with its plan to legalize marijuana, despite disapproval from Congress.
The law will go into effect at 12:01 a.m. on Thursday, according to Mayor Muriel Bowser. "D.C. residents spoke loud and clear," she said at an event on Tuesday with the City Council.
Advertisement
Voters in D.C. approved a marijuana legalization initiative in November, but because the District isn't a state, it's subject to special oversight by Congress (which decided to rain on the parade, of course).
Congress passed a spending bill in December that forbids D.C. officials from using federal funds to implement marijuana legalization. That's blocked the city from creating a regulatory framework for legal pot sales, but, according to Mayor Bowser, it doesn't stop the District from enacting legalization.
Once the law takes effect, District residents age 21 or older will be allowed to possess up to two ounces of marijuana and grow up to six plants, but not consume the drug in public. City officials describe the program as "home use and home grow," according to Martin Austermuhle, a reporter for WAMU 88.5 FM.
Advertisement
D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier said preparing for the new law is "not as complicated as it seems." She's training police so that they know how to spot two ounces of marijuana (they won't have scales, she said).
Under the law, residents will be able to transfer up to an ounce of marijuana to another person, but not for payment (isn't this how the hippies once imagined it?)
Advertisement
The mayor said she would ask the City Council to approve an emergency measure that would prevent D.C. residents from forming private marijuana clubs, where residents would pay a membership fee to consume communally. A fact sheet released by the city said the District is not going to turn into another Amsterdam.
The move to legalize in Washington is complicated by the presence of the federal government. Marijuana will not be legal on federal land and residents in public housing could be subject to enforcement from federal agencies.
Advertisement
Congress could still spoil the plan — the new law is subject to a 30-day congressional review and it's currently on day 29, but stopping the measure from moving ahead would require an unlikely coalition of Republicans and Democrats and extremely quick action.
Advertisement
Alaska becomes the third state to legalize weed
Things are so much easier when you can see Russia from your house.
Alaska became the third state to legalize marijuana on Tuesday, allowing residents to possess up to an ounce of weed and grow up to six plants.
Advertisement
The state joins Colorado and Washington in allowing legal cannabis and Oregon is expected to follow suit in July.
Residents won't be able to light up in public under the new law and sales won't begin until the state can set up a regulatory system, which could more than a year, according to The Associated Press.
Alaska is the first Republican-controlled state to approve legal pot sales, but the state has a long history of tolerating the drug.
Advertisement
One Alaskan seemed particularly happy about the news. Former television reporter Charlo Greene quit her job in spectacular, four-letter fashion last year to open an Anchorage marijuana dispensary, the Alaska Cannabis Club.
Here's the kicker: a new study finds marijuana is roughly 114 times less deadly than alcohol
The message that marijuana is safer than alcohol has been out there for a while, backed up by the fact that no one has ever fatally overdosed after consuming pot.
Advertisement
A new study shows that marijuana may be waaaayyy safer than booze, at least when it comes to the chances of dying. The study, published in the journal Scientific Reports, found that weed is 114 times less deadly than alcohol. The Washington Post writes about it here, along with a nice chart.
One of the more interesting parts of the study: alcohol ranked as the deadliest drug, when comparing a toxic dose and the levels of human intake. The drug finished ahead of heroin, cocaine, and tobacco.
Update, 12:40 p.m.: This piece was updated with additional information about the mayor's push to ban cannabis clubs before legalization goes into effect.
Advertisement
Ted Hesson was formerly the immigration editor at Fusion, covering the issue from Washington, D.C. He also writes about drug laws and (occasionally) baseball. On the side: guitars, urban biking, and fiction.
The handling of an email to Hillary Clinton from longtime adviser Sidney Blumenthal discovered in a new release of documents is a “smoking gun” violation of national security laws requiring a prison sentence, charges a former military intelligence officer.
Clinton forwarded the Aug. 8, 2009, email – clearly marked “Classified” – to a personal, nonsecure email address registered to aide Huma Abedin, [email protected] Abedin then forwarded the message to another personal, nonsecure account, [email protected]
The exchange from Blumenthal to Clinton concerned the “disastrous nature” of an Obama trip to Germany, charging the U.S. was “totally out of the loop in Berlin – no ambassador,” resulting in the expectation that “Germans and Russians will now cut their own separate deals on energy, regional security, etc.”
Jerome Corsi's “Partners in Crime: The Clintons' Scheme to Monetize the White House for Personal Profit,” is available only at the WND Superstore!
“This email is completely an obvious violation of national security regulations regarding the handling of classified information for which people normally go to prison,” Greg Davis, a U.S. Army veteran with more than 30 years experience as a military intelligence officer, told WND in an interview.
Davis, the creator of the intelligence-oriented website SpookdBlog.com, said that typically Justice Department would grant Abedin immunity from prosecution in return for her willingness to turn state's evidence against Clinton.
“If Huma refused to cooperate, the Department of Justice could threaten to seek a maximum prison term for her should their effort to bring a criminal prosecution against her succeed,” he said.
Should President Trump try to prosecute Hillary? Sign the hottest petition in America now to show your support!
The information previously was published by the State Department, but it was unknown until now that Clinton forwarded the exchange containing classified information to Abedin's nonsecure non-State Department account.
The email was among 510 pages of documents released by Judicial Watch last week.
Davis' LinkedIn biography reads: “30+ years in intelligence operations and analysis, with operational experience in every HUMINT (Human Intelligence) capacity including C1 (Command and Control), Special Operations, at the Defense Intelligence Agency and CIA, and analytical positions at Department of Defense, Defense Intelligence Agency, and State Department.”
Davis also holds a master's degree in international economics from Georgetown University and the University of Oxford.
Related stories:
Hillary sent ‘marked classified' info to nonsecure Abedin account
Hillary's newest headache: Sex and emails
Security vet: ‘Smoking gun' email should put Hillary in prison
Huma Abedin forwarded sensitive material to personal email
Hillary's chief of staff used personal email for State business
‘Classified emails still at Yahoo.com'
WND reported that of the 725 pages of Abedin-related State Department emails released Aug. 22 by Judicial Watch, approximately two-thirds were forwarded by Abedin to one of two personal email addresses she controlled.
Davis spelled out the security vulnerability that Abedin created by forwarding the classified information to her Yahoo account.
“By sending this email containing clearly classified information to a personal unsecured email address at Yahoo.com, Huma Abedin created an intelligence breach where anyone with the username and password to her Yahoo.com had the ability to go into her Yahoo.com email account and read every one of the State Department emails that Huma archived in that account in a completely not-redacted form,” Davis said.
WND sent a test email to [email protected], but it bounced back as undeliverable, suggesting the email account was no longer active.
This, however, did not give Davis any comfort.
“Whether the email account is active or not, an expert hacker breaking through to Yahoo.com might yet be able to recover the emails Huma Abedin sent to herself at that address,” he said.
Davis said a federal or state court order could be sought to force Yahoo.com to make public the State Department emails Abedin emailed to her account.
“You could also file a FOIA request to the National Security Agency to obtain the State Department emails that Huma sent to her Yahoo.com account,” Davis pointed out.
Should President Trump try to prosecute Hillary? Sign the hottest petition in America now to show your support!
“You can bet that as part of its monitoring of all U.S. emails, the NSA has copies sitting on NSA servers of all emails sent to and from Abedin's Yahoo.com, including all the State Department emails she sent to herself,” he said.
“The information is still there, at the NSA, even if Yahoo.com has closed Abedin's email account.”
Davis stressed the NSA archive of Abedin emails at Yahoo.com would include complete, non-redacted copies of emails that may have been destroyed by Clinton or by her IT assistants.
Jerome Corsi's “Partners in Crime: The Clintons' Scheme to Monetize the White House for Personal Profit,” is available only at the WND Superstore!
SCP-1717
Incident SCP-1717-Kappa, Recovery Operation
Item #: SCP-1717
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Plants infected with SCP-1717 shall be confiscated or eradicated by MTF Theta-4. Samples of novel species with SCP-1717 shall be collected and remanded to Dr. Syril in Bio Site-1 for study. Wild occurrences in areas smaller than 1 hectare may be secured or destroyed within 48 hours of discovery at the discretion of MTF Theta-4's commanding officer. If an affected region in the wild is larger than 1 hectare, or is obviously a cultivated field of any size, the region and an additional buffer zone of 1 km beyond the perimeter of the anomaly shall be incinerated within 24 hours of discovery.
In developed countries, immolation operations shall be conducted under the guise of wildfires. Subsequent to fire suppression, Foundation herbicide GH-5Y shall be applied to the affected area. The real estate that corresponds to this area shall be acquired according to the Eminent Steward protocol. Arable land so obtained shall be left fallow for a minimum of 10 years; once it tests safe for cultivation, the assets may be liquidated normally.
In frontier countries where land stewardship is impractical, fire shall be suppressed using Foundation herbicide XK-35Y.
+ Additional procedural notes - Hide The Foundation has currently altered all known genome libraries of species within Poaceae to conceal the exact sequence of SCP-1717-1; however, in the face of worldwide and mainstream interest in the genetic engineering of grains, this tactic shall be reviewed at least annually, for it exacerbates the risk of accidents associated with conventional experimentation, eliminates the possibility of useful contributions from research in the public domain, and will be increasingly impractical to maintain indefinitely at any rate. A retroviral solution to adequately mitigate the vulnerability associated with SCP-1717-1 is estimated to be at least 20 years away, and global use likely poses intractable logistical difficulties in any event. Genetic engineering of "replacement" cereals that lack functional SCP-1717-1 coding is ongoing; but few viable species have been produced thus far, all of which are too distinct from existing crops to introduce in sufficient scale without arousing undue attention. Many vulnerable species, when affected, are visually detectable by anomalously high stress fluorescence. Algorithms for detecting incidents via satellite are under development, but false positives still occur frequently. Any samples of the primary SCP-1717 toxin (see CCR, below) manufactured or obtained shall be stored, handled, and disposed of in accordance with Foundation trade-secret protocols for herbicides. No chemical test yet developed reliably detects food contaminated with CCR; current Foundation techniques require the use of a gas chromatograph/mass spectrometer combination to identify the molecule.
Description: SCP-1717 is a disease of plants that occurs only when two factors conflate.
SCP-1717-1 is an endogenous pararetrovirus found in the genome of all members of the family Poaceae. When triggered, it induces the production of the novel enzyme CCR, which degrades chlorophyll into an analog molecule which is incapable of participating in photosynthesis, yet retains chlorophyll's color long after senescence of leaves and stems. Grasses killed by CCR can, unnoticed, turn into green hay or straw where they stand.
Before plant death, significant quantities of CCR are expressed in the endosperm within the seeds of affected plants, as much as 0.8 percent by weight in rice species. Such seeds typically can germinate, but shoots remain viable no longer than twenty-one days after germination. The flavor of affected grains is unchanged; therefore CCR can go undetected in the food supply.
CCR can leach from decaying plant matter into the soil, and is robust enough to kill or injure several generations of plants before deteriorating to non-toxic byproducts. CCR has low or mild acute toxicity in animals and humans; however, it accumulates readily in the liver, and is toxic long-term. Idiopathic parkinsonism commonly develops within 6 months at accumulations over 2500 mg/kg, accompanied by either ascites, pleural effusion, or both. At this stage, without a liver transplant, hepatic encephalopathy and death follow within weeks.
SCP-1717-2 is an unknown substance that induces the expression of the SCP-1717-1 gene.
FILE PHOTO: A magazine cut-out of a toilet roll made up of paper money, is taped to a screen of a trading terminal at the German stock exchange in Frankfurt, June 3, 2009. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
GENEVA (Reuters) - Geneva prosecutors are investigating after toilets in a bank and three restaurants were blocked by about $100,000 in high-denomination euro banknotes, they said on Monday.
“We are not so interested in the motive but we want to be sure of the origin of the money,” spokesman Vincent Derouand said, adding that neither throwing money away nor blocking a toilet was a crime.
The Tribune de Geneve newspaper, which first reported the unusual deposit, said the first blockage occurred in the toilet serving the vault at UBS bank (UBSG.S) in Geneva's financial district, and three nearby bistros found their facilities bunged up with 500-euro notes a few days later.
Derouand said two people had agreed to compensate the restaurants for the costs of the blockage, and the restaurants had withdrawn a complaint that they made when the incident happened in May.
The cash was confiscated during the investigation and it was unclear who would get it if it was found to be lawful. There was no immediate reason to think it was dirty money, Derouand said.
The European Central Bank said last year it had decided to discontinue the 500-euro note because of concerns that it was being used too often for illicit activities including money laundering.
A UBS spokesman declined to comment.
The 2015/16 W-League season fixtures were announced today with 14 regular seasons and two finals rounds to be played from 17 October 2015 to 31 January 2016 .
Melbourne Victory and Perth Glory will open the season on 17 October 2015 at Lakeside Stadium.
“Today's release of the Westfield W-League 2015/16 Season Draw gives football fans around Australia the opportunity to lock in plans to watch our best female footballers in action," said W-League head Damien De Bohun.
“The expansion of the Westfield W-League also means that we will provide a record number of opportunities for our elite female footballers to compete against each other at domestic level which will eventually have benefits at the international level.
“These developments in relation to the Westfield W-League are consistent with our strategy in regards to the Whole of Football Plan and where we see the future of Women's Football in Australia."
With Melbourne City joining the W-League two additional rounds have been added but the uneven number of teams has forced at least one "bye" for each of the nine participants.
Despite the extra rounds, the W-League is still yet to have a full home and away schedule.
The Sydney Derbies are scheduled for 1 November and 6 December while the new Melbourne Derbies are schedule for 25 October and 6 December. The double headers will be followed by A-League derbies.
A departure from previous seasons, the Match of the Round will now be on the Sunday as the double header with A-League matches with Fox Sports as the broadcaster.
Key Points
Lars von Trier, arguably one of the most prolific and decorated filmmakers in all of Denmark, hasn't been seen behind the lens since helming the controversial, two-part sex saga Nymphomaniac in 2013. But during Cannes Film Festival, early details began to surface regarding von Trier's latest, which has been billed as an ambitious, decade-spanning crime drama.
Bearing the title The House that Jack Built, word from the Croisette revealed that the director is now gearing up to nudge the film into production ahead of a planned release in 2018. Tethered with a $10 million budget, Screen Daily spoke with producer Louise Vesth about the general premise underpinning the crime saga:
“It's a film about Jack, a serial killer. We follow him over 10 years and we experience the way he gets into the killings. We follow his murders where he's taking more and more chances because he wants to make the perfect piece of art… the ending will be fatal.”
In a separate interview with Variety over the weekend, Vesth held up The House that Jack Built as a serial killer movie unlike any we've ever seen before which, given von Trier's celebrated résumé, isn't as hyperbolic as it first sounds.
“It will be a serial killer movie like you've never seen before. He wants to be able to change it between periods of shooting because when we'll have done the body of the film in the fall, he will then go edit it and he sees how he can combine the murders.” Revealing it'll be set in Washington, but shot in France, Germany, Sweden, and Denmark, she adds, “like with Dancer In The Dark he wants to find a location in the Film Vast area [of Western Sweden] for this purpose.”
Told across five distinct vignettes, The House that Jack Built is expected to enter production in the coming months. That means Lars von Trier will be casting the net in search of his stars very soon indeed, and you can bet that we'll be keeping tabs on the director's latest as it develops.
Nintendo hoping to self-finance their own animated movies
Last year, it was revealed that Nintendo was reconsidering their stance on movie adaptations of their video game characters, an attitude that has been firm ever since 1993's disastrous Super Mario Bros. movie. Speaking with Asahi News (via Kotaku), Nintendo president Tatsumi Kimishima revealed the company is hoping to self-finance their own animated movies based on their characters, following the sale of their stake in the Seattle Mariners baseball team.
“Now, we're talking to various partners. In the not too distant future, I'd like to get some sort of form ironed out….But this time, rather than licensing, our current thinking is that we'd like to do as much as we can ourselves.”
Kimishima went on to confirm that the films would not be live action but instead animated movies.
“We've done that before, so probably not a live-action one… Because we have IPs, we're thinking we could also do something like (Disney/Pixar). It is something to keep in mind as we make all this concrete.”
He went on to confirm that the plans for their own films may not fully form by the end of the year but that he's eager to see it happen in the near future. In addition, Kimishima revealed that Mario/Zelda/Star Fox/Donkey Kong creator Shigeru Miyamoto would be involved in the film branch but wouldn't confirm what their first feature would be:
“I want to use an IP that is popular with everyone. But, I'm not saying it's going to be Super Mario, I'm only saying we'll put out something that everyone knows very well.”
Some Nintendo characters have appeared on the big screen in recent days, with Bowser making a cameo in Wreck-It Ralph, plus Donkey Kong, Mario, and the Duck Hunt dog appearing in last year's Pixels, but none have starred in their own feature just yet.
Which Nintendo characters do you want to see make the leap to an animated film franchise? Sound off below!
The lure of going to work in the US' information technology (IT) sector is often blamed for causing a brain-drain in India but new research shows it helped power the country's own IT boom, too.
As computer science-related occupations began to grow in the US in the nineties, the proportion of foreigners in the field grew from 9% in 1994 to 24% in 2012. That spurt was almost entirely driven by Indians drawn by the promise of higher wages for the same work. By 2014, 86% of computer science H-1B visas, used by US tech firms to bring in skilled labour from abroad, had been acquired by Indians, who became a useful pool of English-speaking and highly-skilled labour in an era of technological innovations and increasing software demand.
However, a paper published last month by researchers from the University of Michigan and the Center for Global Development, a Washington DC-based think tank, shows that as more Indian students enrolled in computer science programmes with the hope of working abroad, the cap on H-1B visas meant that many had to stay at home, helping India grow a skilled workforce of its own and boosting its IT sector. Moreover, Indians whose visas had expired after the six-year term often returned to the country, bringing back technological know-how and connections with them. As a result, the researchers say, the presumed brain-drain eventually alchemised into a brain-gain, with India overtaking the US when it came to software exports by 2005. The study used economic models that factored in college choices, wages, visa figures, and IT productivity, based on data from the start of the IT boom in 1994 to 2010.
“Because of the software boom in the US, coupled with its immigration policy, it became an incentive for Indians to acquire the computer science skills valued in the US,” said Gaurav Khanna, an economist at the Center for Global Development who wrote the paper with Nicolas Morales. “If US immigration had been restricted in the 1990s, it would not have allowed the Indian IT sector to develop.”
In India, degrees conferred in science and engineering rose from about 176,000 in 1990 to 455,000 in 2000. Meanwhile, the cap on H-1B visas went from 65,000 at first to 115,000 in 1999; it then rose to 195,000 in 2000 to 2003 before going back to 65,000 from 2004.
“We find that US immigration policy, coupled with the US tech boom, helped develop the Indian IT sector,” the authors write. “This transformation in India boosted IT exports and raised average incomes. The prospect of migrating to the US was a considerable driver of this phenomenon and led to a ‘brain-gain' that outweighed the negative impacts of ‘brain-drain'.”
Now, as president Donald Trump's anti-immigrant stance threatens the H-1B visa programme, the IT industry is in for the next stage of transformation. Though the researchers found that the entry of skilled foreign workers in the US reduced the native-born computer science workforce by 9% in 2010, and that the wider pool of computer scientists in India dented wages, they concluded that the way the IT industry developed was ultimately good for both countries.
“Overall, however, world IT output is larger by 0.45% and the combined income of both countries is higher by 0.35% (or about US$17.6 billion) because of the H-1B programme,” write the authors. “We find that the average worker in both the US and India is better off with immigration.”
EU And US Come To 'Agreement' On Safe Harbor, But If It Doesn't Stop Mass Surveillance, It Won't Fly
from the separate-out-the-issues dept
Strong obligations on companies handling Europeans' personal data and robust enforcement: U.S. companies wishing to import personal data from Europe will need to commit to robust obligations on how personal data is processed and individual rights are guaranteed. The Department of Commerce will monitor that companies publish their commitments, which makes them enforceable under U.S. law by the US. Federal Trade Commission. In addition, any company handling human resources data from Europe has to commit to comply with decisions by European DPAs.
Clear safeguards and transparency obligations on U.S. government access: For the first time, the US has given the EU written assurances that the access of public authorities for law enforcement and national security will be subject to clear limitations, safeguards and oversight mechanisms. These exceptions must be used only to the extent necessary and proportionate. The U.S. has ruled out indiscriminate mass surveillance on the personal data transferred to the US under the new arrangement. To regularly monitor the functioning of the arrangement there will be an annual joint review, which will also include the issue of national security access. The European Commission and the U.S. Department of Commerce will conduct the review and invite national intelligence experts from the U.S. and European Data Protection Authorities to it.
Effective protection of EU citizens' rights with several redress possibilities: Any citizen who considers that their data has been misused under the new arrangement will have several redress possibilities. Companies have deadlines to reply to complaints. European DPAs can refer complaints to the Department of Commerce and the Federal Trade Commission. In addition, Alternative Dispute resolution will be free of charge. For complaints on possible access by national intelligence authorities, a new Ombudsperson will be created.
Back in October, we noted that it was a really big deal that the European Court of Justice had said that the EU/US Safe Harbor framework violated data protection rules, because it had become clear that the NSA was scooping up lots of the data. The issue, if you're not aware of it, is that under the safe harbor framework, US internet companies could have European customers and users, with their information and data stored on US servers. Without the safe harbor framework, there are at least some cases where many companies would be forced to set up separate data centers in Europe, and make sure European information is kept there.Many privacy activists are actually supportive of keeping the data in Europe altogether, but I still think that would be a disaster for lots of internet companies and services -- especially smaller ones. The big guys -- Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Yahoo, Twitter, etc. -- can afford to have separate European data centers. A small company -- like Techdirt --. Requiring separate data centers and careful separation of the data would ensure less competition and fewer startups to take on the big guys. That's a problem. Beyond that, having those separate data centers could actually lead toin the long run, because having many jurisdictions in which data is kept means that, inevitably, some of those jurisdictions will fall into states that have even worse surveillance and fewer data protections -- and also leaves open the opportunity for different data center setups, which may lead to more vulnerabilities. Remember, when the NSA broke into Google and Yahoo's datacenters, they were the ones outside the US , which may have had weaker security. And, despite many Europeans not wishing to believe this, many European countries have manyrestrictions on the kind of surveillance their intelligence agencies are able to do on local data and citizens.Theissue here is mass surveillance overall. Thereal way to fix this issue is toand go back to saying that intelligence agencies and law enforcement need to go back to doingsurveillance using warrants and true oversight. But, instead, the EU and the US keep trying to paper over this by coming up with a new agreement. That agreement was supposed to have been concluded by a fake "deadline" set for yesterday, but after missing that and claiming that progress had been made on a new agreement , a new deal was finally announced a few hours ago, with the ridiculous name "The EU-US Privacy Shield."Here's the key part of the announcement:The key thing here? The claim that the US "has ruled out indiscriminate mass surveillance on the personal data transferred to the US." I'm curious about how much bullshit the NSA will be able to sneak under "indiscriminate." I'm also curious as to what kind of real oversight there will be. The EU Commission and the Department of Commerce will be able to review, but we all know how good the NSA is at hiding what it's actually doing from oversight bodies. Finally, the "ombudsperson" only matters if they have actual power, and that seems incredibly unlikely.And as Max Schrems, who brought the original case that took down the safe harbors, is saying (over and over again), as it stands right now, it looks like this new deal will lose again in the EU courts And that brings us back to the underlying point. The effort to kill off the safe harbor agreement wasn't really about the safe harbor agreement at all, but to force the hand of the US government (and hopefully European governments as well) to recognize that they need to stop doing mass surveillance. The claim above about no indiscriminate mass surveillance pays lip service to that idea, but there needs to be some real and concrete change to make that happen. And that's going to take more than an "exchange of letters" between the EU and the US, as the basis of this deal. It's going to need actual surveillance reform, not just the "surveillance reform lite" we saw with the USA FREEDOM Act.Again, I think having the ability to transfer data from the EU to the US is hugely important -- which not everyone agrees with. Fragmenting the internet by requiring that data stays in certain countries seems as silly to me as geoblocking content. But the underlying issue here is not about where the data is stored -- it's about mass surveillance. Focusing the agreement on how to allow data transfers without actually tackling how to stop mass surveillance is inevitably a fake solution.
Filed Under: data protection, data transfers, eu, mass surveillance, privacy, privacy shield, safe harbor, us
Picture: Getty Images
Social scientists say conservative political views can be fuelled by fear.
A new study suggests that making people feel safe from harm can change their stance on hot-button social issues.
The new research gives insight into the role of the unconscious mind in the voting booth.
Social scientists have long known how to turn liberals into conservatives in the lab — all they have to do is scare them.
“Research has shown that you can make liberals more conservative by threatening them and making them somewhat afraid,” Yale psychology professor John Bargh writes in his new book, “Before You Know It: The Unconscious Reasons We Do What We Do,” which was released Tuesday.
Several studies have shown that when social scientists get liberal-leaning experiment subjects to think about their own deaths or make them feel threatened, some left-wingers adopt more conservative values. This phenomenon played out after 9/11 — researchers found that there was a “very strong conservative shift” in the US after the attacks, with more liberals supporting Republican President George W. Bush and favouring increases in military spending.
The hypothesis social scientists developed about this effect is perhaps best summed up in a 2003 review of research on the subject: “People embrace political conservatism (at least in part) because it serves to reduce fear, anxiety, and uncertainty; to avoid change, disruption, and ambiguity; and to explain, order, and justify inequality among groups and individuals,” it said.
There's evidence that this fear plays out in how conservative and liberal brains are shaped, too. Researchers have taken brain images of people with different political leanings and found that those who self-identify as conservative have larger and more active right amygdalas, an area of the brain associated with the expression and processing of fear. A 2011 study looked at MRI scans of self-described conservative young adults and found they had more grey matter volume in the right amygdala than their liberal counterparts. In 2013, another team of scientists expanded that research to show that conservatives generally have more activity in their right amygdala when taking risks than liberals do.
But while inducing fear might shift a liberal mindset, conservatives have generally been more difficult for social scientists to sway in experiments — until now.
In his new book, Bargh details two separate experiments that he conducted with his colleagues that swayed folks who identified as conservative to express more liberal attitudes.
How They Did It
The researchers behind the psychology experiment told a group of participants to imagine that they'd been granted a superpower by a magic genie and were suddenly as invincible as Superman — bullets bounced off them, fire couldn't scorch their skin, and “a fall from a cliff wouldn't hurt at all,” Bargh writes in his book. The study's control group was simply told to imagine they could fly.
Then the researchers asked the participants to weigh in on some political statements, including whether they “would be reluctant to make any large-scale changes to the social order,” and whether “it's ok if some groups have more of a chance in life than others.”
Liberal participants' attitudes on social issues didn't shift at all. The conservative participants, on the other hand, started adopting more liberal views on social issues (though not economic ones.)
Participants who imagined themselves with the ability to fly had no change in their political views.
The study authors say this is some of the first experimental evidence that making people feel completely safe can (temporarily) change their politics and make them more liberal.
What Else Are We Doing Unconsciously?
Bargh argues in his book that these results are but one example of the way humans are still living with the “hard-won lessons” of evolution.
“The fundamental drive for physical safety is a powerful legacy of our evolutionary past” he writes. “It exerts a pervasive influence on the mind as it navigates and responds to modern life, often in surprising ways — like who you vote for.”
Bargh's book suggests that a myriad of unconscious influences impact our everyday decisions. Holding a cup of piping hot coffee can make us friendlier, he suggests, becuase the association between physical warmth and social warmth is something we learned unconsciously as infants when we were held close to a loved one's warm chest.
In another study, Bargh showed how washing hands with soap and water can make people less hostile to individuals who are different than they are. Bargh says that's because to some extent, our modern prejudices are shaped by the way we've evolved to avoid unknown, foreign threats like disease.
In general, Bargh writes, people “don't fully understand why we do what we do all of the time.”
“We have one mind, and it can operate consciously and unconsciously,” he told Business Insider. But Bargh says that's generally not a bad thing. He believes the unconscious forces at play are generally “on our side,” since they help us get through the day without needing to reason through every decision we make.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Breakfast is without question my favorite meal of the day. Whenever I go out, I have an internal battle of whether I want to take the sweet and decadent route of pancakes or waffles, or whether I want to go the more savory way of scrambles and sandwiches. When I'm at home, I'm usually getting ready for work and wondering what I can quickly grab and go. I love overnight oats in mason jars for that reason, or some homemade granola. Today, I didn't have either of those things, but I did have a little extra time. As usual, I couldn't make up my mind on what I wanted, so this toast encompass both sweet and savory tastes with creamy avocado and crunchy apple.
The bite from the arugula and fresh black pepper cuts the rich avocado, while the apple gives a burst of refreshing sweetness.
My favorite bread is the Ezekiel Sprouted Grain. I always have some in my freezer, ready to be popped into the toaster and topped with deliciousness. When a grain is sprouted, the starches in the grain have been broken down, making it easier to digest. This also allows your body to absorb more of the available vitamins and minerals. Plus, it's delicious!
When I'm looking for a mid-day snack, I love a good smoothie. They can be expensive to buy from smoothie/juice stores, so I always try to make my own. I rarely follow recipes and tend to just throw things in a blender. That was my method for this one, but this was WAY different.
It looks green, but tasted like sweet creamy gold. I swear, there is no other way to describe this. I used a whole banana, a handful of baby arugulas, frozen mango, fresh turmeric and ginger, and almond milk. It was the perfect amount of sweet from the mango, creamy from the banana, and a little bit spicy from the turmeric, ginger, and arugula.
Recipe
Avocado Apple Toast
2 slices Ezekiel Sprouted Grain bread, toasted
1/2 ripe avocado
1 apple, sliced very thin
handful of arugula
freshly ground black pepper to taste
Method
1. Spread the avocado onto your toasted bread and top with apple slices, black pepper, and arugula. Try not to eat this in 5 seconds flat like I did!
Creamy Spiced Smoothie
1 handful baby arugula
1 ripe banana
3/4 cup frozen mango chunks
1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
1 tablespoon freshly grated turmeric
1 cup unsweetened almond milk
Method
1. Add arugula into a blender. Then add remaining ingredients in the order listed. Blend on high for one minute and 30 seconds. Drink up, and bask in the bliss!
On tonight's Miss USA Pageant, Miss California was asked by Judge Perez Hilton if other states should follow Vermont's lead by legalizing same-sex marriage. Here's her answer.
Miss California is actually Carrie Prejean, a junior at San Diego Christian College. Her favorite bible verse is Philippians 4:13 “I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.” That strength must have forsaken her tonight. Honestly I'm not sure how much of the judging is done in advance, but could her homophobic answer have cost Prejean the crown?
Perez Hilton responds, as only Perez can…
UPDATE: Pageant audience reactions from AP…
Some in the audience cheered, others booed. The answer sparked a shouting match in the lobby after the show. “It's ugly,” said Scott Ihrig, a gay man, who attended the pageant with his partner. “I think it's ridiculous that she got first runner-up. That is not the value of 95 percent of the people in this audience. Look around this audience and tell me how many gay men there are.” Charmaine Koonce, the mother of Miss New Mexico USA Bianca Carla, argued back. “In the Bible it says marriage is between Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve!”
It just keeps getting better and better…
Post by ILO on 04/19/09 at 10:16 pm
Another semester of medical school has wrapped. With Christmas around the corner, I'm feelin' festive, although with boards in June, slightly panicked as well. It's the good kind of panic. The kind that keeps you in motion. Medicine is a lifestyle, and it slowly consumes your free time until you wrest it back with conviction. Throughout this second year (hard to believe there are 6 months of didactic training left!), I've been determined to hang on to those things that make my heart content: homemade meals with fresh veggies, sand volleyball with classmates, and daily meditations. In spite of the stressors–and a couple of gray eyebrow hairs (!)–I'm happy. Truly. When you wake up each day excited to face the challenges inherent in pursuing your dream, you know you're on the right path.
A highlight of 2016: Meeting Kevin MD of kevinmd.com at the American Medical Association Annual Meeting in Chicago this summer. I had to pinch myself because it felt like being in a dream, attending a conference with so many fine minds and people passionate about making a difference.
As silly as it sounds, one of my greatest fears about this grad school journey was that I'd become overly stressed and dive face first into comfort food, regaining the 30+ lbs I lost in college. Thankfully, that hasn't happened. My key to success is still–as it has been ever since the start of my low carb journey in 2009–cooking wholesome meals, on a regular basis, whether I feel like doing it or not. During the past year, there's been ample opportunity to share my weight loss story and meal prep tips with fellow med students (shout out to Preventive Medicine club!), patients in our free clinic, and anyone who asks what that tasty-looking dish is that I'm eating from a Tupperware container. It's encouraging to see that most people, including my med student friends, want to hear more about how they can make changes in their daily routine to eat better. They just have no idea where to start.
In medical school, the main obstacle to eating well, aside from laziness, is time. With every waking moment crammed with a task to be accomplished, time feels accelerated, with whole weeks flying by in the blink of an eye. Since every moment is precious, we med students value efficiency and certainty of positive results. There simply isn't time to linger over a stove, which explains the crumpled McDonald's bags filling up our study room trash cans. I'm fairly certain the male students at our school could single-handedly keep the fast food establishments in our tiny rural town in business.
Therein lies the inspiration for my first post back from school: “10 Gifts to Eat Well as a Grad Student.” Alternatively, this list could be called “10 Essentials for Busy People Who Don't Have Time to Cook, But Do It Anyway.” Please forgive my shameless promotion of consumerism centered around holidays that are so meaningful for religious reasons. I'll have you know I'm frosting Jesus-themed cupcakes for His birthday party at my niece's preschool next week. Clearly, the deeper meaning of December 25th is not lost on me.
P.S. – The snippets of cookbook #2 you saw back in June are still in the pipeline. Between board prep questions, I'm making revisions to the recipes, ensuring that they're workable for busy cooks. I'm confident the finished product will better meet the needs of so many of you who expressed interest in family- (and career-) friendly snacks.
My Top Ten Kitchen Tools for Busy Cooks
Handheld Spiralizer. For the cook with a desire to eat more veggies, but limited space and zero desire to clean bulky appliances. I'm always amazed at the beautiful, long “zoodles” this little gadget produces, in the time it takes to boil water for pasta. A 2″ nub of zucchini at the end gets leftover, but you can chop it up and save it for stir fries. I've had my Vegetti for just over a year, and it's still going strong.
2. Instant Pot 8-in-1 cooker. This single appliance has saved me from a trip to Zaxby's (a Southern chain with every dish >1000 calories) on multiple occasions. It's a pressure cooker and crock pot in one, and it faithfully cooks chili, Alton's Brown's delectable pepper pork chops, and countless other soups and stews with minimal effort. My favorite recipe by far is the 8 minute pressure cooked hardboiled eggs. You can cook up to 12 eggs at once and have them ready to go for salads throughout the week. The best part? Pressure-cooked eggs peel perfectly (!). I get a little jolt of pleasure every time the shell slides off nearly intact, with the little fragments stuck to the casing.
3. Leak-proof Coffee Thermos. Every poor grad student or mom on the move could use one of these. I purchased a stainless steel thermos last year, when school was a 25 minute commute each way. Factoring in the cost of coffee from the café on campus, it paid for itself after only a few cups. Be sure to get a BPA-free model so the hot liquid doesn't leech chemicals from the plastic liner. Bonus: You can freak out your seatmate by bringing hot bone broth for breakfast.
4. Silicone Baking Mat. You might think I'm recommending a pastry mat to assist with rolling out pie dough since this is a baking blog. However, its true power lies in tidying up your cooking space. Have you ever sliced up a head of lettuce on a standard cutting board, and looked on in horror as the shreds overflowed onto your counter? Fear not, for this oversized silicone mat is here to save you from your messy ways. You can lay it in front of or underneath your cutting board to catch the overflow and tip your chopped veggies neatly into gallon bags. You'll never again have to claw at bits of rogue veggies strewn across the counter. Hooray!
5. Magic Bullet blender. For making protein shakes when you need breakfast on the go. It's not the most durable blender on the market (I'm on my third bullet after 7 years of using this machine), but it's extremely affordable and easy to store in tiny apartment kitchen cabinets. Washing it is a breeze, with only a quick rinse underwater required to clean the cup and blade. When I commuted to school during MS-1, smoothies sustained me. Every morning, I'd blend up frozen berries, yogurt or coconut milk, protein powder (Egg White protein powder for dairy-free), lemon juice, and Truvia into a protein-packed breakfast before running out the door. Don't shell out for Smoothie King when you it makes it yourself, at home, with better ingredients.
6. Silicone Muffin Cups. For low carb egg muffins (a ridiculously simple meal on the go), frozen pucks of broth, homemade PB cups, and any other single serving recipe you can think of. No need to buy paper liners. Keep in mind that you'll need the silicone onto a cookie sheet because it'll flop all over and spill its contents otherwise. If you need a good breakfast, I'm a huge fan of the egg muffins posted over at Eat-Drink-Love.com.
7. Super Sharp Chef's Knife. The difference a good knife makes is noticeable instantly. I've been using my trusty Zwilling J.A. Henckels knife (shown below) for the past five years, but Deb over at Smitten Kitchen loves her Wusthof, which has a comparable pricepoint. Being able to chop veggies in half the time makes it an indispensable tool in any my arsenal. Bonus: A sharp blade is less likely to slip and slice off a finger. Counterintuitive, but true!
8. Mandoline Slicer. If you're struggling to eat more veggies, this super sharp cutter will make it a painless proposition. Since these slicers were all the rage in the 80s, you can probably pick one up at your local thrift store. I use my mandoline (with a protective glove 'cause I'm a klutz) on a weekly basis for salad prep, stir fries, and dicing onions without tears. It makes cutting crunchy low carb veggies like cucumbers, radishes, carrots, and jicama into matchsticks for batch prepped salads (shown below) so simple. My favorite use? Shredding a head of cabbage for low carb crack slaw!
9. Convection Oven. The essential gadget for quick dinners. It reheats meals beautifully, keeping crusts crispy and meats tender. I use it at least once a week to bake perfectly flaky salmon. My roommate likes to torture me by baking single servings of frozen cookie dough into crispy, gooey perfection.
10. Baking Racks. I've raved about the usefulness of racks for baking cookies, but have come to values their other functions: Draining the fat off oven cooked bacon (the tastiest low carb salad topper), and making a big of batch of extra crispy baked wings. Make a big batch of 'em on Sunday and eat well all week. Check the youtube video below showing the method of how to bake the crispiest wings ever.
Items that have nothing to do with cooking, but make your life as a busy professional infinitely easier:
Portable iPhone battery pack. Has your battery ever died while you were at the store, cutting you off from your grocery list app? With this portable charger, you'll never again waste time hunting around for an outlet. Sticking to a shopping list can help you save time and money at the grocery store. It's as easy as pulling up a couple of recipes you can prepare in batches, and listing out the ingredients. When I do it, it curbs the temptation to buy random snacks (sugar-free ice cream bars, skinny pop popcorn) and ingredients I wouldn't be able to use in time. Roll-Up Jewelry Organizer. Have you ever thrown your necklaces into a travel bag, and found them tied up in knots when you arrived at your destination? There's a better way, friends. After hunting for a reasonably priced storage solution, I found this zip top 50 pocket case. It's roomy enough for your whole collection, and the zip top keeps all your necklaces securely in their separate compartments. External Laptop Monitor. When the 13 inch laptop screen just isn't enough. I like to watch school lectures on the monitor while typing notes or making charts on the main screen, but it's well suited to design projects, blogging, and writing reports, too. Here's the stand I got to hold it. A Treadmill. This is a premium gift that isn't in reach for everyone, but it has been a game changer for me since I study so much at home. I picked up a used treadmill on Craig's list for far less than $100, and I use it at least once daily. As someone who gets antsy sitting still for hours on end, having the option to move my legs while reading can make all the difference in my ability to focus. If you're not convinced, studies show that walking on a treadmill can boost productivity. Blue-light Blocking Glasses. For shielding your eyes from blue light when you're staring at your laptop late at night. I sleep noticeably better when I wear these while working on the computer past 9pm. In medical school, a good night's sleep is critical since every hour lost erodes your performance. I can personally testify to getting a better test grade when I've slept 7 hours vs 5 hours. (That being said, every night my inner child fights going to bed at a reasonable hour.) Adjustable Laptop Stand. After we learned about the importance of ergonomically designed furniture in my osteopathic manipulative medicine course, I started taking my posture seriously. To prevent the aches and pains that stem from hunching over your laptop, you should elevate your computer so it's at eye level. That's easy to do with this adjustable desktop surface. If pair it with a wireless keyboard positioned underneath to keep your wrists at a 90-degree angle, you'll have a body friendly workstation designed to keep you working at full capacity.
Hope you've found some inspiration to spoil your loved ones (or yourself). Living well when you're a busy student doesn't have to be so hard. You just need the right tools and a little inspiration.
This post contains affiliate links. When you click on the link, I receive a commission. Thank you for supporting the blog.
Chipotle doesn't seem to be able to give its margaritas away. Nearly half of the chain's 2,000-plus locations currently serve alcohol, but booze only accounts for 2 percent of Chipotle's sales. What's the problem? Why don't people go to Chipotle for happy hour? Foodbeast's Elie Ayrouth decided to investigate the matter, and he has now filed his report. He admits that Chipotle locations are not exactly conducive to drinking: “Maybe it's the ambiance, maybe it's the high schoolers running around.” But he gives the place a fair trial anyway. Recently, he joined his roommate and a couple of buddies for an honest attempt at a fun-filled, alcohol-fueled evening at a Chipotle restaurant. The results were decidedly mixed. First, the good news: Chipotle makes a very decent margarita. Ayrouth ranks it as one of the best he's ever had, and they're only $4.79. But the cashier did not seem thrilled to be serving adult beverages. “The eyes of the girl taking my order become like a deer in headlights,” he writes, “as if I just asked for all the money in the register.” The guys are cut off after two drinks apiece. End of happy hour.
Ayrouth and his cohorts decided to call around to various Chipotle locations and find out if the two-drink maximum is some kind of draconian corporate mandate. It turns out not to be. They'd just chosen the worst possible location for their first attempt at a Chipotle happy hour. The other restaurants seem cool about customers drinking, as long as they remain “presentable.” The group's second attempt goes much, much better than the first. In the accompanying video, the bacchanal is underscored by “Do You Believe In Magic?” by The Lovin' Spoonful. At last, the guys are freely able to enjoy Chipotle food while downing margaritas and beer. They seem to have a great time. “They don't want you to drink at Chipotle,” Ayrouth advises, “but you should.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 17, 2016, 9:05 PM GMT / Updated July 18, 2016, 7:03 AM GMT By Kailani Koenig
RICHMOND, Va. – Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, one of Hillary Clinton's top potential running mates, reacted to Donald Trump's choice for the GOP ticket for the first time Sunday, telling NBC News that he doesn't know Indiana Gov. Mike Pence but viewed his record as "anti-civil rights."
Trump “is entitled to make his pick, so I don't really have any comments on it right now,” Kaine said. “The only real way I know him is because of the controversy of his activities to really crack down on LGBT, and then that controversy, and the other things that I would kind of view as very anti-civil rights.”
“That's very different than the way we want to do things,” Kaine continued. “But Trump's entitled to make his pick. I'm sure more on that later.”
Kaine appeared with Clinton at a campaign rally for the first time since before the Virginia primary on Thursday, in what was broadly viewed as an audition for the role of her vice presidential pick.
“We talked about everything,” Kaine said about his interactions with Clinton that day. “We talked about you know, just the state of the race, but mostly what we talked about is Virginia. Virginia had not been in anybody's list of the states where you should really do a lot of competition because we were so non-competitive up until 2008. And with that vigorous crowd there, it was fun to talk about the fact that Virginia now is relevant and that was good.”
He denied there were any conversations about the vice presidency. “Nope,” he said. “We were talking about the rally and we were talking about Virginia.”
Kaine, a member of both the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the Armed Services Committee, also reacted to the news of the failed coup attempt by members of the military in Turkey, noting the country is a ally of the U.S., a part of NATO, and necessary component in the fight against ISIS.
“Any attempt to overflow a democratic government – even if it's a democratic government that's doing things very differently than we would do them is troubling,” he said. “Our hope is that President Erdoğan, having resisted the coup, obviously there would be consequences but they should be consequences within the norms of what a democracy would do -- protecting human rights, and not going overboard and penalizing people for participating in politics.”
Kaine noted “it's better for the world” that the military not take over a country like Turkey, though there are still concerns. “The worry about this in the aftermath is Erdoğan will go farther and undermine human rights, and if he does that then he's going to create the very kind of backlash that he doesn't want to see,” he said.
The deadly attack in Nice, France, where a man drove a truck through crowds celebrating Bastille Day, killing at least 84 and injuring more than 200 was “very, very troubling,” Kaine added. While investigators work to learn more about whether an individual responsible was linked to a terror group or was self-radicalized, the senator added that ISIS is losing enormous ground in Syria and Iraq and “their days are numbered.”
“They know that their physical real estate is going to get defeated and they are going to lose, but then they're more focused on doing things,” Kaine continued, “whether it's a bombing of a jet in Sinai or attacks in Paris, or Istanbul, trying to inspire lone wolves, it is a large scale effort to try to counter this violent extremism that we will have to work on with our allies.”
The team here at Wizards' Digital Games Studio has been hard at work building Magic: The Gathering Arena for you—and now it's time to show you more with the start of some weekly playtests and the Closed Beta. Yes, that's right, the Closed Beta that so many of you have signed up for is in sight! Let's talk a bit about what we have coming up and a bit about how we hope things go moving forward.
Stress Test and Play Days
About MTG Arena If this is the first you're hearing about MTG Arena, read our announcement article about how we're building free-to-play, authentic Magic, reborn digitally for gamers, fans, and streamers.
Before we get fully into the Closed Beta, we will be running a few tests with a small group of Magic players to make sure the system is ready for the Closed Beta.
On November 3, we'll kick things off with a stress test meant to ensure the system can handle all of you fine folk playing around on the servers. We'll be inviting a group of Closed Beta priority access holders to help us test on that day, so watch your email for an invite.
Then, assuming all goes well on November 3, we're planning a series of play days over the weeks that follow. We'll invite a few thousand fans also with priority access to help us further calibrate the game before opening the gates to a greater number of fans. During this time, we will focus on testing Constructed Magic. Every Ixalan card will be available to playtesters during these one-day sessions, and we'll even provide you free packs to test with!
Invited players will be asked to sign a non-disclosure agreement ("NDA") and will be restricted from streaming and sharing screenshots of the game until we have a more complete experience to show off.
Closed Beta Kickoff
If these play days go well and everything proceeds according to plan, we'll aim to kick off the start of the Magic: The Gathering Arena Closed Beta as early as November 30!
We'll start by inviting back players who participated in the stress test, the play days, or the Alpha. After that, we'll send frequent invites to more players based on our server requirements and capabilities. During this period, we'll be collecting feedback and adding updates, expanding the features, and adding key cards from Kaladesh and Amonkhet blocks.
The Closed Beta will remain NDA-restricted as we continue to work on improving the Beta. We're excited to see you all start streaming and sharing the game, so we'll lift the NDA as soon as our team feels the Closed Beta experience is ready for the spotlight. Don't worry, we'll let you know via email when the NDA has lifted.
Players with priority access will receive invites during this period, though the number of invites will still be limited based on our requirements and server capabilities. We hope you understand that because we are still testing the system, we can't guarantee that everyone with priority access will get in the Closed Beta at its kickoff. We'll be working diligently to open it up to as many players as possible as we get further into Closed Beta.
By the way, if you haven't signed up for the Closed Beta, now is a great time to sign up! You could still be eligible for priority access.
I also want to send out a big thank you to everyone who has participated so far. Every bit of feedback, every play experience, and every person has been instrumental in helping us get to this point. It's an exciting time for all of us here on the MTG Arena team, and we hope it is for you as well. The start of the Closed Beta promises to be a big moment for us, and we're looking forward to finally letting many of you get your hands on this early version of the game.
As we head into Closed Beta, I also want to make sure to answer as many questions as I can about the process, which you can find below. If you have more questions than what I was able to answer here, drop us a line on Twitter or Facebook and we'll do our best to answer.
How do I know if I'm selected for early testing or Closed Beta participation?
We'll send you an email invite letting you know if you're selected. The email will give you all the instructions you need to participate.
The email should be coming from Wizards Customer Support (wizardscusthelp@wizards.com). It's a good idea to make sure you mark our email address as safe so your invite doesn't get stuck in a spam or promotions filter.
How many players do you plan to invite for the stress test and play days?
The number of players we invite for each playtest will be based on our testing needs. We do expect it to be smaller pools of players in the thousands, rather than the hundreds of thousands.
How often will you send out player invites during the Closed Beta?
Invitations will be sent out in waves based on the actual start date of the Closed Beta. Keep your eyes peeled on @MTG_Arena, where we'll update you when a new wave of invites goes out.
Why is there an NDA during the Closed Beta?
Players will be experiencing an early version of the game. We want to continue to test features with our Beta players and make a few more refinements first before we open it up to the public. We'll remove the NDA as soon as we are ready and let you know via email.
Why is the Closed Beta PC-only?
Offering MTG Arena on PC during Closed Beta gives us only one platform to worry about, plus the ability to push out updates when we want. That means we'll be able to make updates more frequently and expeditiously when issues arise and big new features come online.
What game modes will be available during the playtests?
The experience will be best-of-one Constructed matches with all Ixalan cards. All players will be provided with Ixalan cards to build decks and battle against others.
How about game modes at the Closed Beta?
Alongside best-of-one ranked and Constructed matches, there will be a few other things we'll be trying out as we get closer to November 30.
How long will the Closed Beta last?
We haven't determined an end date yet.
Do I get to keep all of the cards I get during Closed Beta?
No. We need to test our in-game economy and features, which will require account wipes. Because of this, we are planning to wipe all player collections more than once during the Closed Beta. We'll provide more details once we get closer to any account wipes.
MTG Arena's economy will allow you to purchase virtual currency for real-world money. Rest assured, if you purchase virtual currency and we wipe your account, we will credit your MTG Arena account back the virtual currency you purchased.
When will an in-game economy be added during the Closed Beta?
In-game economy elements will not be present the first day of the Closed Beta. Expect to have a deeper look at this later, including how to acquire your favorite cards.
When will Draft be added during the Closed Beta?
Draft won't be available at the start, but expect more details on this later.
Jonathan Gruber is the Ford professor of economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, director of the Health Care Program at the National Bureau of Economic Research and president of the American Society of Health Economists. He consulted with the Obama administration and Congress on the drafting of the Affordable Care Act. Angela Kilby is an assistant professor of economics at Northeastern University and a postdoctoral fellow in aging and health economics at the National Bureau of Economic Research.
Over the past two decades, the number of Americans dying each year from opioid overdoses has quadrupled. In the hardest-hit state, West Virginia, where the overdose death rate is about three times the national average, the crisis has resulted in an overwhelmed foster-care system and a state burial program for the poor that ran through its entire annual budget three months into the year.
This epidemic is one of the most critical public-health issues facing the United States today, but Republicans in Congress seem uninterested in truly grappling with it. Under their proposals to replace the Affordable Care Act, a situation that had been slowly improving would get much worse.
Before the ACA was implemented in 2014, most impoverished adults with substance abuse issues — no matter how poor — had limited access to health coverage because Medicaid doesn't treat substance abuse as a qualifying disability for benefits. Opioid overdose death rates rapidly escalated, but treatment rates remained flat.
Once the ACA was fully implemented, states that expanded Medicaid were able to achieve significant strides in reducing the destruction of opioid addiction. This was in part thanks to cost-effective and evidence-based addiction treatment, which combines counseling and behavioral therapy with medications such as methadone and buprenorphine. Dozens of clinical trials have shown that such an approach improves outcomes for people struggling with addiction — by up to 34 percent, according to some accounts.
But the same isn't true for states that didn't expand Medicaid. Take Ohio and Utah: Before the Medicaid expansion, both faced comparable burdens of opioid addiction and employed similar levels of medication-assisted treatments. But Ohio, which expanded Medicaid, was able to increase its treatment use by 26 percent, while treatment in Utah, which did not expand Medicaid, declined by 6 percent.
The good news is that, primarily due to changes in Medicaid, the United States has more than doubled its total spending on evidence-based substance-abuse treatment for the poor. The bad news is that even with that success, we are facing a massive shortfall in addressing the needs of those with opioid addiction issues. Four out of five people with opioid use disorder do not receive treatment, which means there are nearly 2 million Americans who are addicted to opioids and do not benefit from the proven treatment that could help them.
We need a comprehensive strategy to build on the insurance expansions of the ACA to reach those millions of Americans. The original Senate health-care bill, however, proposes a rollback of the Medicaid expansions that had finally slowed the rapid growth of this devastating problem.
This has gotten the attention of Republicans from hard-hit states, such as Sen. Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, who criticized the bill because it “does not do enough to combat the opioid epidemic that is devastating my state.” Capito's concern is well-founded: The expansion in Medicaid was associated with a 16 percent rise in use of medication-assisted treatment in West Virginia.
Senate leadership is apparently hoping to address such concerns by boosting the funding for treating opioid abuse to $45 billion over the next decade. But this fig leaf falls massively short of addressing the extent of this crisis, which experts estimate would require more than four times as much money.
Furthermore, this fund would be at the political whim of the congressional appropriators. We have seen this show before: The ACA included a large public-health fund of $15 billion to complement insurance expansions. But these funds have been raided over time, with half of the funds diverted to other purposes. Indeed, the Senate and House bills would eliminate the money altogether. What is to stop Congress from doing the same to the stream of opioid treatment funding in the future?
Since the passage of the ACA, we have made promising progress, but these gains also illustrate the magnitude of work needed to address our dire 80 percent treatment gap. The next step is remarkably straightforward: Save lives immediately by bringing the non-Medicaid expansion holdouts into the fold so that they can easily and efficiently provide substance-abuse treatment to our at-risk populations. Instead, the Senate proposes we move backward.
Lost opportunities for substance-abuse care in non-Medicaid expansion states have already cost countless lives. Repealing the ACA would take away access to treatment from hundreds of thousands more. This would be nothing less than a grave moral failing and a travesty for our country.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif.—American exceptionalism really comes into play with our unique ability to positively spin the lives (and loves) of the people we place on pedestals. Over the past twenty years or so, few have been so exalted as President Ronald Reagan, who is now often referred to as one of the country's greatest leaders. Hindsight, it seems, is not always 20/20, but whatever the motivation for remaking Reagan into a president worthy of adulation and emulation, it will be interesting to see what the faithful do with the revelation in a recent book that he bedded Elizabeth Taylor when she was only 15 years old.
No matter where you are from in this country, what social set you belong to, what privilege or status you invoke, when a 36-year-old sleeps with a 15-year-old, it's usually considered a crime... unless the two are married or getting married, and that was certainly not the case with Reagan and Taylor. In fact, Elizabeth Taylor: There is Nothing Like a Dame, an unauthorized bio penned by Darwin Porter and Danforth Prince, makes clear that the assignation was meant to be what it ended up being: a night to remember.
But it also claims that the great movie star (her, not him), whose world-class beauty was manifest at a young age, was the aggressor when it came to getting down to business. Reagan may have inappropriately invited the teen over to his place for an intimate dinner, but she apparently took it from there.
According to the London Daily Express, "[Taylor] told a close pal, 'Reagan was treating me like a grown woman, and that thrilled me. We sat on his sofa and I could tell he wanted to get it on but he seemed reluctant to make the first move. I became the aggressor. After a heavy make-out session on the sofa, we went into the bedroom."
What happened in the bedroom is not spelled out, but the clear implication is that they weren't playing chess. However, the book also alleges that Taylor lost her virginity to Peter Lawford when she was 17, so there appears to be some inconsistencies about who popped that famous cherry, and when.
Still, this is Reagan we're talking about, and the 1940s, when the prevailing code of conduct said you get married if you're going to fool around. We're not naive enough to think plenty of people were not doing the dirty outside the bounds of matrimony, but still... this is Reagan we're talking about, the major conservative politician of the last half of the 20th century, and a man literally revered by every single Republican holding any office in the land. Even if that's an exaggeration, is there one Republican holding any office who would dare speak ill of Reagan publicly? Case closed.
So the question remains: how the hell are they going to spin the fact that their patron saint came on to a 15-year-old, and that he took her "into the bedroom?" It's not close to the same as Dubya being a drunk until he was 40. Hard to spin this as a lack of maturity when the guy was 36. No, child molestation is not the sort of crime that can be easily explained away as being the fault of the teen. That, after all, is the lame excuse Humbert Humbert made in Lolita!
Maybe they'll say he was still under the spell of lecherous Hollywood and hadn't yet developed into the wise and traditional conservative that lore would have him be. Or maybe they'll simply dismiss it the way they dismiss every such fall from grace perpetrated by a political hypocrite who violates the very principles they demand of others.
Reagan is long dead, of course, and his stunning political legacy shows no sign of slowing, but only growing, as many Democrats also hold him up as the sort of conservative who would not succeed in today's hyper-partisan environment. That may or may not be true, but it certainly supports the idea that nothing short of the disclosure that Reagan sold military secrets to the Chinese could tarnish his reputation, even one that has him seducing a 15-year-old girl whose apparent fascination with him was based on the fact that he was treating her like a grown woman!
Photo: Ronald Reagan as an adult and Elizabeth Taylor when she was 15.
Senator Rand Paul said Wednesday he needs to "get better at holding my temper" after clashing with two reporters who asked him uncomfortable questions about his stance on abortion and foreign aid.
Paul, who announced on Tuesday he was seeking the Republican presidential nomination, has clashed with reporters in the past, several of them female. He denied to CNN's Wolf Blitzer Wednesday that his tendency was to interrupt female reporters.
"I think I've been universally short tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that," he said.
Paul said it can be difficult when being interviewed and facing only a camera and not being able to see the reporter, "particularly if it's a hostile interviewer."
"I do think interviews should be questions and not editorializing. You feel somewhat at a loss at the other end," he added.
Exhibiting a bit of contrition, Paul said, "I think I should have more patience . I think it's pretty equal opportunity. I was annoyed with a male reporter this morning. I will have to get better at holding my tongue and holding my temper," he said.
Paul's combative day began when he clashed with "Today'"show anchor Savannah Guthrie over what he said was biased questioning.
The interview on Wednesday took a contentious turn when Guthrie began to detail what she said were shifts over the years in his foreign policy views.
"You have had views on foreign policy in the past that are somewhat unorthodox, but you seem to have changed over the years," Guthrie said. "You once said Iran was not a threat, now you say it is. You once proposed ending foreign aid to Israel, now you support it, at least for the time being. And you once offered to drastically cut --"
Paul, who was speaking by satellite from Nashua, New Hampshire, tried to interject.
"Why don't you let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?" Paul said. He then advised Guthrie on how to conduct the interview.
"Before we go through a litany of things you say I've changed on, why don't you ask me a question: 'Have I changed my opinion?'" Paul told Guthrie. "That would be sort of a better way to approach an interview."
When Guthrie persisted and asked the Republican if Iran is "still not a threat," Paul said the NBC host had "editorialized."
"Listen, you've editorialized," Paul said. "Let me answer a question. You ask a question, and you say, 'Have your views changed?' instead of editorializing and saying my views have changed."
Paul contended that his views on foreign aid have been consistent. He said circumstances have changed since 2007 when he suggested that Iran does not pose a threat to the United States.
"Yeah, 2007 was a long time ago, and events do change over long periods of time. So, we're talking about eight years ago. We're talking about a time when I wasn't running for office, when I was helping someone else run for office," Paul said. "What I would say is that there has always been a threat of Iran gaining nuclear weapons, and I think that's greater now than it was many years ago. I think we should do everything we can to stop them."
Later on Wednesday, Paul bristled at a question about abortion while talking with reporters in New Hampshire.
"Why don't you ask the DNC, 'Is it OK to kill a seven-pound baby in the uterus?'" Paul said, referring to the Democratic National Committee.
His comment came after The Associated Press published a report that said Paul had ducked questions about his views on what exceptions -- if any -- he'd support if abortion were to be banned. Paul has previously supported measures that included exceptions for situations like rape and incest, as well as measures without those exceptions.
Earlier this year Paul clashed with an interviewer. In February, Paul chastised CNBC anchor Kelly Evans for posing "slanted" questions. When Evans tried to press him on a proposed corporate tax holiday, Paul shushed her.
"Calm down a bit here, Kelly," Paul told her.
And like his interview with Guthrie on Wednesday, Paul offered Evans a suggestion on how she might conduct a better interview.
"So, frankly, I think if we do this again, you need to try to start out with a little more objectivity going into the interview," Paul told Evans.
When he was asked about his testy interview with Guthrie later on Wednesday, Paul decried questions about the apparent changes in his positions.
"'O.K., well we understand that you've been beating your wife for years and you've flip-flopped on 25 different issues and you used to believe this and you used to believe that,'" he told the New York Times. "That isn't journalism."
NEW YORK (AP) — Jay-Z performed his first headlining concert in three years in his hometown of New York City on Friday, a show that featured his popular hits and a dedication to outspoken NFL player Colin Kaepernick.
The Brooklyn rapper kicked off the first of three days of the Meadows Music and Arts Festival at Citi Field in Queens, performing a 90-minute set that included his well-known songs as well as political moments.
“I want to dedicate this song to Colin Kaepernick tonight,” Jay-Z said of “The Story of O.J.,” a song about blackness and managing money that also references O.J. Simpson.
“I want to dedicate this to Dick Gregory. I want to dedicate this song to anyone that was held back and you overcame,” he added about the song from his personal and revealing album, “4:44.”
Kaepernick became a polarizing figure among NFL fans for his decision to sit, and then kneel, during the national anthem last season to protest police brutality. Gregory, who died last month, was a comedian and activist who broke racial barriers in the 1960s and used his humor to spread messages of social justice and nutritional health.
Jay-Z's performance, though full of energy and excitement, had some other serious tones.
When the beat for the Kanye West-produced 2003 song “Lucifer” came on – which samples Max Romeo's “Chase the Devil” and includes the lyrics “Lucifer son of the morning, I'm gonna chase you out of Earth” – Jay-Z told the mostly young audience: “I promise we won't take people out of this country.”
Jay-Z also said to the crowd, several times, that “love always trumps hate.”
At the show, the 47-year-old icon wore a white T-shirt featuring the artwork of the 1965 Beatles film and album, “Help!” Jay-Z said he wanted to transform the show into rock ‘n' roll territory when he played his collaborations with Linkin Park, even paying tribute to the band's lead singer Chester Bennington, who hanged himself in July.
“If you know this song, I want you to sing it so loud he can hear you in heaven,” Jay-Z said before performing the Grammy-winning mashup “Numb/Encore,” standing still and holding the microphone close with both of his hands.
Jay-Z's set also included big hits from his 21-year-old career, from “Hard Knock Life (Ghetto Anthem)” to “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)” to “Empire State of Mind.” His last main show in New York was part of his 2014 On the Run Tour with Beyonce, though he's had some performances for his Tidal streaming service and surprise appearances.
Reggae artist Damian Marley joined in for “Bam” from “4:44,” which was released in June and features songs about Jay-Z's personal life and work as an entrepreneur.
“The Meadows festival, in its second year, will also play Saturday and Sunday, featuring performers like Gorillaz, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Nas, Weezer, Future and LL Cool J across four stages. Migos, Run the Jewels, Two Door Cinema Clubs and 21 Savage also performed Friday.
Throughout his set, Jay-Z offered concertgoers encouraging words.
“If anybody got a dream, you chase that (dream) with everything you got,” he said at one point.
When one fan was eager for Jay-Z to sign something, the rapper asked if the fan had a pen.
The fan did not.
“How am I going to sign your (stuff) without a pen?” Jay-Z asked.
“Got to be prepared,” he told the fan.
Since its publication in September 2012, a study that showed rats fed Monsanto's glyphosate-resistant NK603 maize developed more tumors than controls has been roundly criticized for its poor experimental design and dubious statistical methods. Yesterday, the study was retracted.
The retraction was initiated by the journal Food and Chemical Toxicology after the authors refused to withdraw it themselves. Writes Barbara Casassus for Nature News:
The paper, from a research group led by Gilles-Eric Séralini, a molecular biologist at the University of Caen, France, and published in 20121, showed “no evidence of fraud or intentional misrepresentation of the data”, said a statement from Elsevier, which publishes the journal. But the small number and type of animals used in the study means that “no definitive conclusions can be reached”. The known high incidence of tumours in the Sprague-Dawley rat ”cannot be excluded as the cause of the higher mortality and incidence observed in the treated groups”, it added. Today's move came as no surprise. Earlier this month, the journal's editor-in-chief, Wallace Hayes, threatened retraction if Séralini refused to withdraw the paper, which is exactly what he announced at a press conference in Brussels this morning. Séralini and his team remained unrepentant, and allege that the retraction derives from the journal's editorial appointment of biologist Richard Goodman, who previously worked for biotechnology giant Monsanto for seven years.
Advertisement
The important thing to remember about GMOs is that they are merely one solution to an ancient human puzzle, viz. how do we feed ourselves, and how do we do it safely? Are they the end-all-be-all solution to challenges of agricultural productivity? Hardly. But neither are they unambiguously cancer-causing scourges upon humanity. Studies like this, which cut corners to arrive at a scary conclusion, undercut both sides of the GMO debate by painting one side as credulous and the other as obstinate.
Advertisement
What we need is solid science and a measured approach to interpretation. As Nature reporter Natasha Gilbert noted in her recent investigation of GM crops:
Tody stories, in favour of or against GM crops, will always miss the bigger picture, which is nuanced, equivocal and undeniably messy. Transgenic crops will not solve all the agricultural challenges facing the developing or developed world... but vilification is not appropriate either. The truth is somewhere in the middle."
Advertisement
More here.
Top photo via Shutterstock.
Bernie Sanders at a campaign stop at Tindley Temple United Methodist Church in Philadelphia on April 6. (Photo: Matt Rourke/AP)
For months, Democratic National Committee member Billi Gosh has received letters, emails and phone calls urging her to switch her vote at the Democratic National Convention from Hillary Clinton to Bernie Sanders.
Gosh is one of 10 Democratic superdelegates from Vermont, Sanders' home state, where 86 percent of voters chose him in the Democratic primary in March. Superdelegates — party and elected officials who make up about 15 percent of all Democratic delegates — can vote for whichever candidate they want, unlike pledged delegates, who are divvied up based on how each state's Democrats voted.
“There's been a lot of pressure on the four us,” Gosh said, referring to herself and the three other pro-Hillary superdelegates in her state, including former Gov. Howard Dean and the current Gov. Pete Shumlin. (Sanders is himself a superdelegate, and it seems fairly certain where his allegiances lie.)
Sanders supporters tell Gosh that fairness requires her to back Sanders, who was the overwhelming choice of Vermont voters. They are expanding upon an argument made by Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver in February, who insisted that superdelegates should not go against the “will of the people” and should back whichever candidate gets the most pledged delegates.
“If the people in the states choose Bernie Sanders over Hillary Clinton, I cannot imagine that the superdelegates would overturn the will of the people in this case,” Weaver told Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC.
The progressive, Sanders-backing group MoveOn.org as well as the super-PAC Progressive Kick urged idealistic Sanders supporters to take this populist fight to superdelegates. “We will not allow Democratic Party insiders to determine the outcome of this election. Democratic voters will decide the party's nominee,” said MoveOn's executive director in a petition against superdelegates. The supporters argue that superdelegates are not reflecting the votes of the people in their states, which they say is undemocratic and elitist.
“People think there is some sort of secret cabal going on trying to stop Bernie Sanders from getting the nomination,” said Kathy Sullivan, a New Hampshire superdelegate who received dozens of occasionally angry calls and emails.
But recently, beginning after Sanders' landslide victories in Alaska and Washington at the end of last month, the Sanders campaign has begun singing a different tune. Even as Bernie's supporters continue to inundate superdelegates with their anti-elitist arguments, Sanders and his top campaign officials are now arguing that superdelegates should back Bernie even in states where he didn't win — and even if he doesn't win a majority of the popular votes cast. The campaign also has tried to poach some Clinton-backing superdelegates.
Late last month, Sanders said on CNN that he hopes superdelegates “rethink their position with Hillary Clinton” because some polls show Sanders does better in a hypothetical matchup against Donald Trump than she does. His argument seems to be that superdelegates should back the most “electable” candidate, no matter how many votes he or she got in the state.
Bernie Sanders greets supporters at a campaign rally in Philadelphia on April 6. (Photo: Mark Kauzlarich/Reuters)
But in an apparent case of trying to have his cake and eat it too, in the same interview Sanders said he was entitled to the backing of superdelegates in the states he won — the populist argument of his supporters. “And then you have got superdelegates who are in states where we win by 40 or 50 points,” he added. “I think their own constituents are going to say to them, ‘Hey, why don't you support the people of our state, vote for Sanders?'”
What's behind this tactical shift? One possibility is that the Sanders camp realized they would need the votes of at least some superdelegates even in the states he didn't carry. As the Washington Post points out, caucus states, where Sanders has done the best, tend to have fewer superdelegates to award, so Clinton would still lead Sanders by several hundred superdelegates, even if you gave Sanders all of them in the states he won.
Taxonomic Hierarchy
Kingdom: Animalia
Animalia Phylum: Arthropoda
Arthropoda Class: Arachnida
Arachnida Order: Araneae
Araneae Suborder: Araneomorphae
Araneomorphae Family: Theridiidae
Theridiidae Genus: Latrodectus
Latrodectus Species: Latrodectus mactans
Common Name (AAS )
Southern Black Widow
Other Common Names
Black Widow, Black Widow Spider, Widow Spider, Hourglass Spider, Shoe Button Spider, Cobweb Spider, Comb-footed Spider, Tangle-web Spider, Gumfoot-web Spider, Button Spider
Author
Johan Christian Fabricius, 1775
Primary Colors
Sightings Overview
There have been 28 confirmed sightings of Latrodectus mactans (Southern Black Widow), with the most recent sighting submitted on October 18, 2018 by Spider ID member kathi_m. The detailed statistics below may not utilize the complete dataset of 28 sightings because of certain Latrodectus mactans sightings reporting incomplete data.
Web: 29% of the time, Latrodectus mactans spiders are sighted in a spider web (Sample size: 14)
29% of the time, Latrodectus mactans spiders are sighted in a spider web (Sample size: 14) Sex: 17 female and 8 male.
17 female and 8 male. Environment: Latrodectus mactans has been sighted 9 times outdoors, and 6 times indoors.
Latrodectus mactans has been sighted 9 times outdoors, and 6 times indoors. Outdoors: Man-made structure (5). High foliage (1). Ground layer (2). Forest (1).
Location and Range
Latrodectus mactans (Southern Black Widow) has been sighted in the following countries: United States.
Latrodectus mactans has also been sighted in the following states: Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia.
Seasonality
Latrodectus mactans has been primarily sighted during the month of July.
January:
February:
March: 1
1 April: 2
2 May: 4
4 June: 4
4 July: 5
5 August: 4
4 September: 2
2 October: 3
3 November:
December: 1
Additional Remarks
A 13-year-old girl suffocated after she was strapped down and doused with water by her father and a monk who were trying to expel an "evil spirit", Japanese police and media reports say.
The two men, 56-year-old monk Kazuaki Kinoshita and the girl's 50-year-old father Atsushi Maishigi, were arrested on charges of inflicting injury resulting in the death of Tomomi Maishigi in Kumamoto in the country's south.
"The two are suspected of having conspired in what they call 'waterfall service'... They allegedly strapped the victim to a chair with belts and doused her face with water," on the night of August 27, a local police spokesman said on Tuesday.
She was confirmed dead early the next day when her mother called an ambulance after the girl fell unconscious.
"The cause of death is suffocation," the police official said.
News reports said the two men poured water over her as an "exorcism" with the father holding the girl down while the monk chanted sutras.
Reports said the the girl's parents had turned to the monk after the youngster had suffered several years of mental and physical ill health that doctors had not been able to resolve.
The monk, who belongs to a religious group deriving from a Buddhist sect, said that the girl was possessed by an evil spirit, the private network TBS said.
Her parents had taken her to one of the group's facilities equipped with a water pump and made her go through the dousing practice about 100 times before, the broadcaster said.
The pump pulls water from underground and draws it to a height of 2.5 metres (eight feet), from where it falls on the person sitting below, TBS said.
AFP
L'Ange begins with a salute, which I won't repeat here. I will note that he warns to only use the salute in a friendly match, never when fighting in earnest.
Quarta
This guard is the most graceful and the most useful for defense.
Initial Quarta
The body is upright
The sword is held firmly close the to hilt
Arm is extended
Heels are together.
Transition into Proper Quarta
Extend the right foot forward one step
Keep the right leg straight, or even better, slightly bent so you are in a low posture
Bend the left knee
Keep the weight on the left foot so that you can easily move the right in order to thrust, feint, or pull back as necessary
The point of your sword, right foot, and left heel should be in a straight line.
Keep the left hand near the face so that you are ready to parry, grab the opponent's sword, grapple, etc.
Secunda
This guard is useful for both attacking and defending.
Proper Secunda
Arm extended
Body forward
Head near the arm so you can't be attacked over your sword
Look under your hilt for your opponent's openings
Left hand is advanced below in front of your face
Right knee is bent
Left knee is extended, but feel free to bend it as necessary when breaking measure
Transition into Proper Quarta
Straighten the right knee somewhat, but not fully
Bend the rear knee
Swiftly turn the body [so that the left shoulder is behind]
Illustration
Note how the feet are narrower in this illustration, especially for quarta. Also, the quillons are closer to horizontal in this version.
Drill 1
This is inspired by L'Ange's transition between the guards as summarized above.
Stand at attention, sword by the left as if in a sheath Turn the left foot out while raising the sword in a salute Extend the arm into Initial Quarta Transition into Proper Quarta by extending the right leg without shifting the weight forward. Extend the left arm at the same time. Transition into Proper Secunda by shifting the weight forward while raising the sword and lowering the head. The left hand will lower slightly. Transition back into Proper Quarta by [Repeat the transitions between Quarta and Secunda several times, ending in Quarta] Retract the right leg into a salute Return to attention
Advertisements
First of all, let me say that I am a violinist. I know a lot of musicians have commented that many of the incidents could not possibly happen in the real music world. BUT, I am sure things that happen on hospital TV shows, or lawyer shows, or police dramas, don't happen in the real world either. The 1st season finale, where the concertmaster steps in and plays the Sibelius Violin Concerto from memory, could never, ever happen....but then there are plenty of shows about Broadway or dance where the understudy steps in and does a phenomenal performance and it probably really doesn't happen that way either. I just happen to know about music. I think the issues that musicians face, pay equality, unions, work related injuries, long hours etc. are things that the general public should learn about and this show helps to present that information. When someone wants musicians to work for free for the "exposure" or pay a pittance for a wedding gig, they should know how long and how much work it took for the musician (or other artist) to get to that point and that they have bills to pay too. It also presents classical musicians as real people, not people on stage in tuxes. They have other lives and interests. There is a lot of sex, but it is about young people, so that isn't surprising. I just wish they could do something about the fake playing. It is sooooo bad. The bows aren't moving at the same speed as the music. Can't they find some extras hanging around Juilliard (or wherever they film it) and do some doubles or stand ins? I know there are some major characters that need to look like they are playing, but the rest of the actors without lines could really play--and give some real musicians a job! The various plot lines are both serious (lack of donors to the orchestra because the conductor is insulting to them) and funny (driving to Philly to find his wife at a toxic waste dump) and the scrapes they get into are humorous. It is fun, and in a small way, may help the public understand a little about the lives of musicians and how important music is in all of our lives.
The Republican Party is proposing three draconian bills that critics say will turn millions of immigrants into criminals overnight, and also empower Immigration & Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to enact mass deportations.
The proposed legislation comes as ICE reports that President Donald Trump's executive orders cracking down on immigration resulted in a 40 percent increase in arrests and detentions—and a 158 percent increase in arrests of immigrants with no criminal history—when compared to the same time period last year.
"[T]he vast majority—91 percent—of the arrests of immigrants with criminal histories—more than 27,700 people arrested over three months—had only a non-violent offense on their records, which could include offenses like simple drug possession, driving without a license, and entering the U.S. illegally," notes Human Rights Watch.
"For every arrest of an immigrant with a violent conviction, ICE arrested four immigrants with no criminal history and 10 with a previous non-violent conviction," the advocacy group continues. "This means that every single day, ICE arrested 112 people with no criminal history, 286 people with a previous non-violent criminal conviction, and only 28 people with a previous violent conviction."
But it appears that detaining and deporting tens of thousands for nonviolent offenses isn't enough for the Trump administration and Congressional Republicans.
The Intercept's Ryan Deveraeux reports on the frightening new legislation, which would further ramp up the government's crackdown on immigrants:
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Spearheaded by Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), two of the bills pertain to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), laying out new powers and responsibilities for both agencies, while a third, introduced by Goodlatte and Rep. Raúl Labrador (R-Idaho), takes aim at a wide range of issues in immigration enforcement. That third bill, the "Michael Davis, Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act," which appeared in a tweeted photo of White House strategist Steve Bannon's policy agenda, would see immigration violations traditionally treated as civil infractions transformed into criminal violations, punishable by up to 20 years in prison. Speaking before judiciary committee members Thursday, Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.), said the provision would "turn millions of Americans into criminals overnight." Nadler added that the legislation was "straight out of the Donald Trump mass deportation playbook."
Rep. Brad Schneider (D-Ill.) told Deveraux that the proposed laws would also turn so-called Dreamers—young people protected by former President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program—into criminals. "This draconian bill is absolutely wrong," Schneider said. "DACA recipients are not criminals."
The Davis-Oliver act would turn into law Trump's promises to cut funding to sanctuary states and cities. "Under the law, states would also be required to provide [the Department of Homeland Security] a wide range of details on all immigrants who are apprehended and 'believed to be inadmissible or deportable,' including that individual's name, address, photo, and license plate number, as well as other identifying information," writes Devereaux.
The law would also empower ICE agents to arrest people without a warrant, and arm those agents with military-grade equipment.
"Under the bill," notes Devereaux, "those deportation officers would be heavily armed, with each officer issued 'high-quality body armor' and 'at a minimum, standard-issue handguns, M–4 (or equivalent) rifles, and Tasers.'"
There are a lot of advantages to having President Obama as your campaign cheerleader. He brings energy, wit and manifest rhetorical gifts. But, as Hillary Clinton learned on Tuesday, there is also a downside. He is an electrifying presence and accustomed to occupying center stage. And when he came to North Carolina for his first campaign event with the presumed Democratic presidential nominee, it seemed he could not help himself.
Scene-stealing pantomime
It began before he said a word. As Mrs. Clinton commended the man she hopes to succeed, the president held forth silently behind her, seated in a chair like an honoree at an awards dinner. He started playing to the crowd as she spoke. He mock-cried when she mentioned his daughter's 18th birthday. He wiped his brow in dramatic fashion when Mrs. Clinton invoked their grueling 2008 race. The audience chuckled on cue.
“We're fired up and ready to go,” Mrs. Clinton said as she wrapped her introduction, echoing a favored Obama refrain.
He was on.
The activist hedge fund Jana Partners has set its sights on Juniper Networks, calling on the networking company to tighten its belt and give more money back to shareholders.
Citing fresh opportunities with a new leader at the helm of Juniper, Jana told investors it took a large stake in the company, according to its year-end letter sent to investors on Thursday evening and reviewed by DealBook.
The move is likely to bolster another campaign to change the company started by the hedge fund Elliott Management just one week ago. Elliott, run by the billionaire investor Paul Singer, wants Juniper to cut costs, streamline its product offerings and return money to shareholders. It disclosed it has a 6.2 percent stake in Juniper, one of its biggest current activist positions.
Both hedge funds have expressed optimism that Juniper's new chief executive, Shaygan Kheradpir, could help to bring about change at the company. Mr. Kheradpir, previously the chief technology officer at Barclays, took over as chief executive this month.
The change of guard represented a “chance to reframe the story,” someone familiar with Elliott's thinking said last week, while Jana said in its letter to investors that it offered the “potential for a change of perspective and sense of urgency.”
Jana also accused Juniper of having an “unfocused product line up, a lazy balance sheet and share price underperformance.” Last week, Elliott characterized the underperformance of Juniper's share price compared with its peers' as “severe and consistent.”
For its part, Jana wants the company to divest itself of certain business lines and begin a “large” capital return program, calling its balance sheet “overcapitalized… even by Silicon Valley standards.” It estimated the company could save $300 million a year.
The company has $3 billion in net cash, or $6 a share, Jana said.
In a sign that the activist hedge fund could begin to apply pressure to Juniper's board, the hedge told its investors, “we believe the board would benefit from the addition of new directors with a fresh perspective.”
Saturday night Carlos Condit fought Nick Diaz for the UFC Welterweight Interim title, and the right to fight former champion Georges St. Pierre when he returns from knee surgery. However, GSP is not expected to be ready to fight until November, so what will Condit do until then?
There is a recent history of immediate rematches in the UFC. When BJ Penn narrowly lost his title to Frankie Edgar at UFC 112 by controversial decision, an immediate rematch was held. So too when Lyoto Machida retained his title over Mauricio Rua at UFC 112 via controversial decision.
The same thing could happen with Diaz vs. Condit, which was, if anything, a controversial (and correct) decision.
“I know (Georges St. Pierre) wanted that Diaz fight bad, but it's not going to be Diaz,” said UFC President Dana White at the post fight press conference. “So he better get angry with Carlos Condit or focus on Carlos Condit or whatever he needs to do.
“Carlos Condit won this fight. No matter how much Georges and Nick hate each other, Carlos Condit won, and I think the fans are mad at the way Carlos Condit fought. Too f—— bad. He came in with a game plan and stuck to it and won.”
“It's crazy, but, I was thinking it after the fight. You know, people are bitching and thinking it was close or whatever, we can do that fight again before GSP comes back. It depends on Carlos too, he's really gotta say, and Nick's gotta say I want to fight him again too.”
Today's JavaScript quiz is about finding all the possible compositions of a number. For example if we have a number 4, we would like to find all the possible compositions that sums up to 4 as follows.
1111 112 121 13 211 22 31 4
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
In order to develop this utility, it is important to understand its nature. For a number n, it has the following possible compositions:
n (for a composition length of 1)
1 n-1 (for a composition length of 2)
1 1 n-2 (for a composition of length 3)
…
1 1 1 … 1 (for a composition of length n)
This can be handled using recursive function as follows.
function compositions(n, temp, output) { var i, newTemp; if (n == 0) { output.push(temp); } else { for (i = 1; i <= n; ++i) { newTemp = temp + i; compositions(n - i, newTemp, output); } } }
As shown, the base is if n is equal to 0 then we add the temp string (which is initialized to "" ) to the output list, else we subtract i from n and adds i to the temp string. The following function getAllCompositions calls compositions with the initial values.
function getAllCompositions(n) { var out = []; compositions(n, "", out); return out; }
Finally, we can test getAllCompositions as follows.
// Test ... var num = 4; var out = getAllCompositions(num), i; console.log("Compositions number for (" + num + ") = " + out.length); for (i = 0; i < out.length; ++i) { console.log(out[i]); }
The output will be:
Compositions number for (4) = 8 1111 112 121 13 211 22 31 4
Lawmakers in the US are making an effort to revive legislation that would ban government agencies from demanding backdoor access to hardware, websites and software.
Under the proposed Secure Data Act, developers cannot be forced to insert security holes into devices and code. The FBI, for one, would like to use such flaws to hijack phones and other gadgets, view their contents and snoop on their owners – hackers would like to use these vulnerabilities, too.
The bill is sponsored by Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI), Zoe Lofgren (D-CA) and Thomas Massie (R-KY), and was reintroduced into the House of Representatives on Wednesday. Last year's attempt, which died at the subcommittee stage, can be found here, and sought to "prohibit federal agencies from mandating the deployment of vulnerabilities in data security technologies."
"Congress has allowed the administration's surveillance authorities to go unchecked by failing to enact adequate reform," the trio said in a statement this week, announcing the reintroduction of the bill to the House.
"With threats to our homeland ever prevalent, we should not tie the hands of the intelligence community. But unwarranted, backdoor surveillance is indefensible.
"The Secure Data Act is an important step in rebuilding public trust in our intelligence agencies and striking the appropriate balance between national security and civil liberty."
Neema Singh Guliani, legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union, believes the 2015 version of the bill has a decent chance to pass a House vote.
A tweak to the Department of Defense Appropriations Act last year that sorta did the same thing as the Secure Data Act passed 293-123 in the House, but didn't make it past the omnibus budget stage.
"Last year, there was a similar amendment and it passed overwhelmingly," Guliani told The Reg. "That is a pretty strong indication that at least in the House they know how important it is to secure encryption efforts."
A related bill (simplified) introduced to the Senate in December by Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR) didn't get very far.
However, he reintroduced the Secure Data Act of 2015 to the Senate in January this year. It's awaiting approval by the Senate's Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation before it can progress any further. ®
LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue met with British politicians on Thursday as the two countries eye the potential for increased farm trade once Britain leaves the European Union.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue gestures during a news conference with his Mexican counterpart Jose Calzada in Merida, Mexico, July 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lorenzo Hernandez
Perdue talked to members of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Select Committee (EFRA) in the House of Commons and is due to meet his British counterpart Michael Gove on Friday.
“Britain is still part of the EU and we have to be respectful of that relationship but that doesn't preclude the fact we can begin the conversations on what would be in our best interests as two sovereign nations to pursue going forward,” Perdue told reporters after the meeting.
There have been concerns in Britain about differing food safety standards with historic practices in the United States such as washing chicken carcasses in chlorine banned in the EU.
“I think that is one of the things I'm here to dispel. We don't process chicken with chlorine any longer,” he said, adding he wanted British consumers to be able to make decisions “based on sound science and facts, not perception or myth.”
Committee members raised the importance of maintaining food standards in any trade deal.
“We must ensure that a trade deal protects UK consumers and maintains a level playing field for our own producers. Food safety and animal welfare standards must uphold in any future Free Trade Agreement,” EFRA chair Neil Parish said.
Perdue said would be premature to go into too much detail on future trade potential but added there might be scope for increased UK exports of lamb.
“We think probably the UK is ahead of us in lamb and sheep production. There is big demand to have access to the U.S. market in those products,” he said.
Parish said the domestic U.S. market presented significant opportunities for the UK food and farming industry and following Brexit the government “should focus on securing a great bilateral trade deal with our U.S. partners.”
News Corp columnist returns next month with longer show and segment that will ‘put the media under genuine scrutiny'
Three years after getting his own political TV show, the influential News Corp columnist Andrew Bolt has been given an extended hour-long program and added media analyst to his brief with a new segment, News Watch.
“I am delighted to be returning to Network Ten in the expanded one-hour format,” Bolt said on Wednesday. “I will continue to talk to Australians about the things that matter to them, cutting through the spin without fear or favour.”
Bolt, whose show, the Bolt Report, returns to Ten at 10am on Sunday 2 March, later wrote on his blog: “Among the guests for the first show: Peter Costello, Michael Costa and Gerard Henderson. We have invited Bill Shorten to come on the show on the very near future, of course, and hope the old Labor ban is lifted. I did think it counter-productive.”
Ten offloaded the show to News Corp for two years in 2013 to save money. Ten broadcasts the show but News pays for its production, staff and transmission costs.
Meet the Press – a long-running Ten show which was also given to News Corp to produce – has not been recommissioned and its future looks bleak. Ten says it is “in hiatus”.
Bolt, who writes the country's most-read political blog, on the Herald Sun, said he intended to use the extra broadcast time to “cut through the spin of so much of the media”.
The conservative journalist makes no secret of the fact he is not a fan of the ABC, which he has branded as left wing.
This week he said the immigration minister, Scott Morrison, who has been criticised over a hardline policy on asylum-seeker boats, had done such a good job in his portfolio he should be the next communications minister and could fix up the ABC, too.
“Scott Morrison has performed even better as immigration minister than I predicted. It is astonishing that no boats have arrived in more than eight weeks, despite some Indonesian authorities' refusal to cooperate,” he wrote on Tuesday.
“So where would a canny prime minister – keen to nurture talent, promote his agenda and confound his enemies – next place Morrison? Where could a capable and articulate conservative be employed with great profit?
“I look at the ABC and cannot help thinking what tremendous good a Morrison could achieve that a Malcolm Turnbull won't …”
The Bolt Report has been unable to match its ABC rival, the long-running Insiders political chat show, hosted by Barrie Cassidy, in the ratings.
Insiders, which runs at 9am, achieved a metro average audience of 269,000 across ABC1 and ABC News 24 last year, and was up 18% on 2012.
The Bolt Report, at 10am, achieved a metro average audience of 148,000 on Ten.
Ten described the Bolt Report as “the latest political and social commentary, panel discussions and interviews with leading Australians” and said the expanded show would include a new News Watch segment to “put the media under genuine scrutiny”.
Ten's executive general manager, Russel Howcroft, said half an hour was not enough for the network's star recruit. “Expanding the Bolt Report to an hour will give the opportunity for more in-depth and extended interviews and analysis,” Howcroft said.
“The Bolt Report is already one of Australia's most-watched television programs on politics and the new format will only add to its appeal and influence.”
Billy Slagle (Photo11: AP) Story Highlights Prosecutors and defense ask Parole Board to spare condemned killer
Divided board ruled against clemency two years ago
That was before the election of a new county prosecutor
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Both prosecutors and defense attorneys asked the Ohio Parole Board on Monday to spare a condemned killer who stabbed a neighbor 17 times, making a rare joint appeal for mercy based on the inmate's youth at the time of his killing and his history of drug and alcohol abuse.
A divided board ruled against clemency two years ago for Billy Slagle, but that was before the election of new Cuyahoga County prosecutor Tim McGinty and a change in his office's approach to capital punishment.
McGinty is applying new criteria to both old and new death penalty cases, and one of those elements is whether a death sentence could be obtained today, assistant prosecutor Matthew Meyer told the board.
"The fact that the prosecutorial team does not feel confident that under today's guidelines and today's laws that we can achieve death, we will not come before the board and the victims and say that death is how case should end up," Meyer said.
Meyer said the decision to recommend mercy was not meant to diminish the heinous facts of the 1986 death of Mari Anne Pope, killed while two young children she was watching were in the house.
Earlier Monday, Slagle's attorneys said his brain was broken by drug and alcohol abuse by the time he committed the crime that sent him to death row.
Slagle wouldn't have killed Pope but for his substance addiction, defense lawyer Joe Wilhelm told the Ohio Parole Board as he asked that Slagle's death sentence be commuted to life without parole.
“We will not come before the board and the victims and say that death is how case should end up.” Matthew Meyer, assistant prosecutor
"Billy was exposed to alcohol from the womb to the crime," Wilhelm said at the hearing.
Attorneys for Slagle, 44, have long argued his sentence should be commuted to life without parole, citing his age — at 18, he was the minimum age for execution in Ohio when the crime happened — and a long history of drug and alcohol abuse.
After the parole board rejected that argument two years ago, Gov. John Kasich put the final decision about Slagle's life on hold while a federal judge weighed challenges to Ohio's execution procedures.
Slagle's defense team renewed its arguments Monday, this time to be joined by prosecutors from Cuyahoga County. Last week, McGinty reversed his office's long-standing position on the case and said he was asking Slagle's sentence be commuted to life without parole. He used the same arguments as Slagle's attorneys, adding that since life without parole was not an option at the time, jurors made the only choice they could to ensure Slagle never be freed.
In 1996, Ohio law changed to allow jurors to choose between death and life without parole. In 2005, lawmakers added a provision allowing prosecutors to pursue life without parole in non-death penalty cases.
Kasich is not commenting. Slagle's execution is scheduled for Aug. 7.
It's unclear whether a sitting Ohio prosecutor has ever asked that a death row inmate under his office have the sentence commuted.
Last year, a former Mahoning County prosecutor pleaded for clemency for a man he put on death row, saying he had come to believe the condemned man was not as responsible as a co-defendant in a fatal 1986 robbery. Kasich commuted the man's sentence.
Last year in Alabama, a man convicted of the 1996 killing and robbery of two people at a pawn shop had his death sentence changed to life in prison without parole. Shelby County District Attorney Robbie Owens first agreed to drop the death sentence for LeSamuel Gamble in 2007 after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that defendants who were under 18 when the crime was committed couldn't be executed. Gamble was 18.
Owens said at the time he supported changing Gamble's sentence since a 16-year-old co-defendant who fired the fatal shots was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
In 2011, an Arkansas prosecutor worked on a plea deal for three convicts known as the West Memphis Three, including one man on death row.
In a 1997 Virginia case, then-Gov. George Allen commuted the death sentence of William Saunders, saying he was swayed by a prosecutor and judge who said Saunders was not the same violent man sentenced to death seven years earlier.
Ohio's Cuyahoga County has long had a reputation for heavy use of capital punishment indictments with relatively low numbers of death sentences. McGinty had promised to reduce the number of death penalty charges when he ran for the office.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/12gKVfM
Government yesterday announced it was taking "immediate action" to regulate satire in the Philippines.
Speaking to reporters, Marcos Madalang, Spokesman Class IV at the Department of Some Office or Another, "we have come to the conclusion that satire is hazardous."
He denied the government was engaged in censorship, or was stifling free speech.
"We're not regulating satire because it is pointed, mocking or vicious. We're regulating it because it seems most Filipinos can't seem to distinguish it from reality.
"For example, this column you are now reading, the one where I am currently the imaginary silly character? Last week, the writer invented a story saying a study proved the best solution to Manila's traffic was to move to Australia."
Madalang noted how "when the satirical piece came out on Facebook, most Filipinos reacted as if it were true."
He exclaimed, "I mean, come on! Think about it; would a REAL study advocate moving to Australia?
"No! A real study would recommend Norway."
The official drew a grim scenario: "just think about what would happen if a satirist says squatters will receive free mansions at Forbes Park complete with swimming pools -- what if the public believes it? Or what if a humorist writes that squatters will be given PHP 18,000 no questions asked.?"
Madalang said that government's plan, tentatively called the Satire Interisland Regulation Act (SIRA) will require all satire to be prominently identified as such.
"It should be recognizable as satire from at least 30 meters. We're thinking of early warning devices, blinking lights, big signs saying JOKE ONLY. Maybe even sirens."
He said that "within the text of the satire itself, every four paragraphs there should be a warning phrase: HEY THIS IS SATIRE."
Madalang revealed there will be a nationwide program to identify and tag satire, "so government can keep track this dangerous material."
Furthermore, "if government agents spot unregulated and untagged satire, they can summon a SWAT team which will drape said satire with a heavy Satire Disposal Blanket."
According to Madalang, "we're doing this for your own good. We see unchecked satire as a threat worse than exploding condos, or Nancy Binay winning a Senate seat."
Quoting from another episode of this column, Madalang pointed out that "Filipinos apparently lack the Satire Gene (SG), according to Dr. Soon To Ve Hung of the Asian Research Institutes for Understanding Humor and Silly Walks (ARIUHSW)."
He said government would investigate this angle: "We would like to know if the failure to recognize satire is a genetic predisposition of Filipinos, similar to their inability to follow traffic rules, or to remember the crimes of their political leaders."
Meanwhile, Senator Bong Revilla denounced the government's "crackdown" and said he would demand an investigation from Senate's Committee on Satire.
Told there was no such committee, Revilla said "ay."
Disclaimer: The views in this blog are those of the blogger and do not necessarily reflect the views of ABS-CBN Corp.
Brooks jokingly says she “hates” Sandberg, but of course, both writers have good intentions: Sandberg wants more working moms to be leaders, or at least professionally ambitious. Brooks wants more working moms to be in possession of their marbles.
There is evidence that trying to over-achieve on both the parenting and working fronts simultaneously can be maddening. Multiple studies have found steep declines in the well-being of women over the decades relative to men. Working moms multitask more—and are less happy about it. American working hours are crazy: Each year we work a month more on average than we did in 1976, and 62 percent of high-earning professionals work 50 hours a week or more. Grade-school kids sleep nine or 10 hours a night. Even if their schedules coordinate perfectly, kids of executives might have, at most, a couple hours with their parents each weekday.
U.S. policy doesn't exactly make it easy to lean out even temporarily. Only about a fifth of moms gets fully paid maternity time off, and high-powered “key employees” can be legally denied reinstatement if they go on family or medical leave.
Pew Research Center
Parents who truly wish to split the “workday” between actual work and childcare might also discover that the U.S. lacks a culture of part-time work, even though more than half of American working moms would prefer to work part-time or not at all. Part-time employees at American companies are much less likely to have access to benefits like retirement, medical care, and sick leave than are their full-time colleagues. U.S. workers are some of the least likely among the OECD nations to work part-time. (And even in countries where working less is accepted, the career disparity persists because it's generally women, not men, who choose this route.)
While working less may pay mental-health dividends, it's doubtful you'd get to be COO of Facebook by turning down an extra project in order to have more time to read novels (or read them to your kids). In clinical studies, American participants viewed women who worked on a flexible schedule as having “less job-career dedication and less advancement motivation.” And even for exempt employees, working more is directly associated with earning more within the same job. Women who cut back on work in order to accommodate their families may end up sacrificing career opportunities to their colleagues who don't facing the same dueling responsibilities, whether they are men with supportive wives or women without children.
To compensate, Sandberg argues that men should do more housework and childcare in order to free up their wives to spend more time getting ahead at work. But that, too, is bound to leave out women who don't have especially enlightened husbands, or those whose partners lack flexible work hours, or, you know, single moms. And only 15 percent of companies offer paid leave for new fathers, so many dads don't have the option.
Brooks says what's key is that we must all lean back en masse, in solidarity, as though performing an edgy modern dance together:
“When women—or men—lean out alone, they end up getting eased out, or just dropping out in despair,” she writes.
In a way, though, this is the ultimate prisoner's dilemma. With American work culture the way it is, even if the vast majority of us lean out in revolt, the promotion, raise, or “Room Mom” award will go to those (wo)men still leaning in.
Is this the last time we can celebrate Columbus Day?
A wave of cities has decided to remove the holiday from the calendar and replace it with “Indigenous Peoples' Day.”
Christopher Columbus, the Italian explorer credited with discovering America, and his legacy are under attack figuratively and, increasingly, literally.
Several Columbus monuments have been attacked and vandalized around the country. The towering Columbus statue at Columbus Circle in New York City now needs 24-hour guards after Mayor Bill de Blasio put it on the list of a commission to review “offensive” memorials.
And according to Far Left Watch, a watchdog organization, Antifa and other left-wing groups plan to deface and attack Columbus statues across the country on Columbus Day.
It is unfortunate to see what was once a uniting figure—who represented American courage, optimism, and even immigrants—is suddenly in the crosshairs for destruction. We owe it to Columbus and ourselves to be more respectful of the man who made the existence of our country possible.
Once Revered, Now Maligned
A few historians and activists began to attack Columbus' legacy in the late 20th century. They concocted a new narrative of Columbus as a rapacious pillager and a genocidal maniac.
Far-left historian Howard Zinn, in particular, had a huge impact on changing the minds of a generation of Americans about the Columbus legacy. Zinn not only maligned Columbus, but attacked the larger migration from the Old World to the new that he ushered in.
It wasn't just Columbus who was a monster, according to Zinn, it was the driving ethos of the civilization that ultimately developed in the wake of his discovery: the United States.
“Behind the English invasion of North America,” Zinn wrote, “behind their massacre of Indians, their deception, their brutality, was that special powerful drive born in civilizations based on private profit.”
The truth is that Columbus set out for the New World thinking he would spread Christianity to regions where it didn't exist. While Columbus, and certainly his Spanish benefactors, had an interest in the goods and gold he could return from what they thought would be Asia, the explorer's primary motivation was religious.
“This conviction that God destined him to be an instrument for spreading the faith was far more potent than the desire to win glory, wealth, and worldly honors,” wrote historian Samuel Eliot Morison over a half-century ago.
In fact, as contemporary historian Carol Delaney noted, even the money Columbus sought was primarily dedicated to religious purposes. Delaney said in an interview with the Catholic fraternal organization the Knights of Columbus:
Everybody knows that Columbus was trying to find gold, but they don't know what the gold was for: to fund a crusade to take Jerusalem back from the Muslims before the end of the world. A lot of people at the time thought that the apocalypse was coming because of all the signs: the plague, famine, earthquakes, and so forth. And it was believed that before the end, Jerusalem had to be back in Christian hands so that Christ could return in judgment.
Columbus critics don't just stop at accusing him of greed. One of the biggest allegations against him is that he waged a genocidal war and engaged in acts of cruelty against indigenous people in the Americas.
But historians like Delaney have debunked these claims.
Rather than cruel, Columbus was mostly benign in his interaction with native populations. While deprivations did occur, Columbus was quick to punish those under his command who committed unjust acts against local populations.
“Columbus strictly told the crew not to do things like maraud, or rape, and instead to treat the native people with respect,” Delaney said. “There are many examples in his writings where he gave instructions to this effect. Most of the time when injustices occurred, Columbus wasn't even there. There were terrible diseases that got communicated to the natives, but he can't be blamed for that.”
Columbus certainly wasn't a man without flaws or attitudes that would be unacceptable today.
But even as a man of an earlier age in which violence and cruelty were often the norm between different cultures and people, Columbus did not engage in the savage acts that have been pinned on him.
How Americans Once Viewed Columbus
For much of the 19th and 20th centuries, most Americans were taught about Columbus' discovery of the New World in school.
“In 1492, Columbus sailed the ocean blue … ” went a popular poem about the Italian explorer who flew under the Spanish flag. At one time, Americans marveled at what seemed like an unbelievably courageous voyage across unknown waters with the limited tools and maps of the 15th century.
It is difficult in the 21st century to imagine what Columbus faced as he crossed the Atlantic in search of what he thought was a route to Asia. The hardship and danger was immense. If things went awry, there would be nothing to save his little flotilla besides hope, prayer, and a little courage.
Most people, even in the 1490s, knew that the Earth was round. However, Columbus made a nevertheless history-altering discovery.
The world was a much bigger place than most had imagined, and though Columbus never personally realized the scope of his discovery, he opened up a new world that would one day become a forefront of human civilization.
This is the man and the history that earlier generations of Americans came to respect and admire.
Unfortunately, Zinn and others' caricature of Columbus and American civilization has stuck and in an era in which radicals and activists search the country for problematic statues to destroy, Columbus is a prime target.
Ku Klux Klan Pushed Anti-Columbus Rhetoric
Much of the modern rhetoric about Columbus mirrors attacks lobbed at him in the 19th century by anti-Catholic and anti-Italian groups like the Ku Klux Klan.
In fact, Columbus Day became a nationally celebrated holiday following a mass lynching of Italians in New Orleans—the largest incident of lynching in American history.
In 1892—the 400th anniversary of the Columbus voyage—President Benjamin Harrison called for a national celebration of Columbus and his achievements. Americans patriotically celebrated Columbus and erected numerous statues in his honor as the country embraced him.
Though American appreciation of Columbus deepened, some groups weren't pleased.
As the pro-Columbus website The Truth About Columbus points out, the Ku Klux Klan worked to stop Columbus Day celebrations, smash statues, and reverse his growing influence on American culture.
According to The Truth About Columbus, in the 1920s, the Klan “attempted to remove Columbus Day as a state holiday in Oregon,” burned a cross “to disturb a Columbus Day celebration in Pennsylvania,” and successfully “opposed the erection of a statue of Columbus in Richmond, Virginia, only to see the decision to reject the statue reversed.”
Attempts to quash Columbus failed, but they have re-emerged in our own time through the actions of far-left groups who want to see his legacy buried and diminished forever.
This would be a tragic loss for our generation and those of the future.
The bravery and boldness that Columbus displayed in his trek to America have been inherent in the American cultural DNA from the beginning.
We may never have the class, the taste, the sophistication of the Old World upper crust. But what we do have is a reverence for simple virtues of strength, boldness, and a willingness to push the envelope to secure for ourselves a better future than those who've come before.
We are a civilization that admires those who push the limits of the frontier, who don't merely accept what is and want something more. The spirit that drove us west and in modernity, to the moon, is what we celebrate in men like Columbus.
President Ronald Reagan said it best in a Columbus Day tribute:
Columbus is justly admired as a brilliant navigator, a fearless man of action, a visionary who opened the eyes of an older world to an entirely new one. Above all, he personifies a view of the world that many see as quintessentially American: not merely optimistic, but scornful of the very notion of despair.
When we have lost these things, when we no longer have the capacity to celebrate men like Columbus, as imperfect as they sometimes were, we will have lost what has made us great, and distinct.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The CIA announced that in a 'secret assessment' they discovered that Russia's intervention in the 2016 election was not just to undermine confidence in the electoral system of the United States, but also to specifically help Donald Trump win, according to a report published Friday in The Washington Post.
The report states that intelligence officials found individuals involved in a 'wider Russian operation' to support Trump and hurt Clinton hacked Democratic National Committee e-mails and provided them to WikiLeaks.
The Post quoted a 'senior US official' as saying that the "consensus view" among the intelligence community is that "Russia's goal here was to favor one candidate over the other, to help Trump get elected."However, there are some "minor disagreements" among intelligence officials, the Post reported, regarding whether or not the Russian government was the source of these orders. Julian Assange, founder of WikiLeaks, has denied Russia's involvement in the e-mail scandals.According to The New York Times, the Trump transition team issued a statement on Friday regarding the CIA report. "“These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction,” the statement said. “The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. It's now time to move on and ‘Make America Great Again.'”US security officials have said that starting last year, hackers infiltrated computers of the Democratic National Committee, the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton and her party's congressional fundraising committee.US officials said they have concluded that Russia or its proxies were responsible, leading to calls by some Democrats and cybersecurity officials for the Obama administration to blame Russia publicly. Kremlin officials have dismissed the allegations as absurd.Trump campaign manager denies influence from extreme-right groupsThe White House said on Friday the intelligence review ordered by President Barack Obama into these cyberattacks will go beyond the Nov. 8 vote and will include the 2008 election."What the president asked for is a review to look at malicious cyber activity tied to our presidential election cycle," White House spokesman Eric Schultz said at a news briefing. "It will be broader than just looking at this past election."Reuters contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Image caption The FBI wants an app to combine information from Twitter, Facebook and Google Maps.
The FBI is seeking to develop an early-warning system based on material "scraped" from social networks.
It says the application should provideinformation about possible domestic and global threatssuperimposed onto maps "using mash-up technology".
The bureau has asked contractors to suggest possible solutions including the estimated cost.
Privacy campaigners say they are concerned that the move could have implications for free speech.
The FBI's Strategic Information and Operations Center (SOIC) posted its "Social Media Application" market research request onto the web on 19 January, and it was subsequently flagged up by New Scientist magazine.
The document says: "Social media has become a primary source of intelligence because it has become the premier first response to key events and the primal alert to possible developing situations."
It says the application should collect "open source" information and have the ability to:
Provide an automated search and scrape capability of social networks including Facebook and Twitter.
Allow users to create new keyword searches.
Display different levels of threats as alerts on maps, possibly using colour coding to distinguish priority. Google Maps 3D and Yahoo Maps are listed among the "preferred" mapping options.
Plot a wide range of domestic and global terror data.
Immediately translate foreign language tweets into English.
The FBI document says the information would be used to help it to predict the likely actions of "bad actors", detect instances of people deliberately misleading law enforcement officers and spot the vulnerabilities of suspect groups.
An FBI spokeswoman told the BBC that the software being researched was "no different than applications used by other government agencies" and that "the application will not focus on specific persons or protected groups, but on words... and activities constituting violations of federal criminal law or threats to national security."
Privacy permissions
The FBI issued the request three weeks after the US Department of Homeland Security released a separate report into theprivacy implications of monitoring social media websites.
It justified the principle of using information that users have provided and not opted to make private.
"Information posted to social media websites is publicly accessible and voluntarily generated. Thus the opportunity not to provide information exists prior to the informational post by the user," it says.
It noted that the department's National Operations Center had a policy in place to edit out any gathered information which fell outside of the categories relevant to its investigations.
It listed websites that the centre planned to monitor. They include YouTube, the photo service Flickr, and Itstrending.com - a site which shows popular shared items on Facebook.
It also highlighted words it looked out for. These include "gangs", "small pox", "leak", "recall" and "2600" - an apparent reference to the hacking-focused magazine.
'Dragnet effect'
The London-based campaign group, Privacy International, said it was worried about the consequences of such activities.
"Social networks are about connecting people with other people - if one person is the target of police monitoring, there will be a dragnet effect in which dozens, even hundreds, of innocent users also come under surveillance," said Gus Hosein, the group's executive director.
"It is not necessarily the case that the more information law enforcement officers have, the safer we will be.
"Police may well find themselves overwhelmed by a flood of personal information, information that is precious to those it concerns but useless for the purposes of crime prevention."
The group noted that it was seeking information from the UK's Metropolitan Police Service about its use of social networks.
TRENTON —New Jersey voters today put their money down on the legal right to place bets on professional sports teams.
The nonbinding referendum, and the only question to appear on the statewide ballot, was approved by a wide margin.
"The voters beat the over-under," said state Sen. Raymond Lesniak (D-Union), who has spearheaded the effort for sports wagering. "It was a bigger win than we expected. There's a strong momentum to fight the federal ban in New Jersey."
But it is only the first step in lawmakers' attempts to overturn a federal ban on sports betting.
Lesniak said he planned to introduce legislation tomorrow legalizing sports wagering in Atlantic City and at current and former horse racing tracks, and hoped to have it approved and on the governor's desk before the end of the year.
State Sen. Jim Whelan, (D-Atlantic), chairman of the Senate State Government, Wagering, Tourism and Historic Preservation Committee, and Lesniak said the initiatives will now provide them with the ammunition they need when they once again take their argument to federal court.
Earlier this year, U.S. District Judge Garrett Brown dismissed a lawsuit brought by Lesniak, Senate President Stephen Sweeney (D-Gloucester) and gaming advocates on the grounds that the state — through the Attorney General's Office — should have brought the suit.
Christie refused to join in the suit at that time, saying the federal ban made the effort moot.
But last week the governor said he would fight for sports betting if a majority of voters approved the referendum.
Proponents of sports betting have said New Jersey is losing millions of dollars in potential revenue to offshore operations, organized crime and to the four states where that type of wagering in permitted in some form — Nevada, Oregon, Montana and Delaware.
In 1992, former U.S. Sen. Bill Bradley led the charge for the passage of the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act, which outlawed sports wagering in all states, but he grandfathered in the four states that had some form of it. It also gave states with casino gambling for more than 10 years — a provision inserted solely for New Jersey — a year to legalize sports betting, but New Jersey's effort died in the Legislature.
Related coverage:
• More N.J. election results
• N.J. voters should back sports betting amendment
• Casino, horse racing leaders push for legalization of sports betting in N.J.
• Poll finds most N.J. residents support legal sports betting
• Federal judge throws out lawsuit claiming N.J. sports betting ban is unconstitutional
• Could sport betting save New Jersey?
• N.J. Legislature approves legalizing sports betting question on election ballot
• N.J. Senate to vote on adding sports betting at casinos, racetracks
At work, I recently wanted to visualize how we annotated documents that we store as JSON in Elasticsearch. We annotate substrings with different codes, and I wanted to show those codes using colors in a terminal. This basically boils down to outputting JSON with ANSI escape codes. The easier part was inserting color codes inside the strings. But once that was done, I could not simply print the resulting JSON, because the escape codes would be escaped, not interpreted in my terminal!
In other words, I had to write a JSON encoder that would look exactly like a JSON encoder, except that it would not escape anything. (Note that this requires trusting the input.)
The interesting part was indentation: I wanted the result to be indented with two spaces at each level, as if I had used json.dumps(indent=2) . Printing [1, [2, 3], 4] should give this:
[ 1, [ 2, 3 ], 4 ]
When I looked at the wanted output above, I was tempted to print line by line, prepending each value with the correct output. It did not really go well, and after a few special cases I gave up and checked how CPython did it.
Their algorithm, which I ended up adopting, is more natural for a recursive solution. The key observation is that you only have two types of JSON objects that affect spacing: object (dict) and array (list and tuple). If you handle them correctly, the other ones can simply be added to the output without any spaces.
So, for lists, you need to output:
the opening [ plus the correct indentation until the first item,
plus the correct indentation until the first item, all items separated by commas and indentation,
the indentation between the last item and ] .
You don't need to worry about printing the items themselves: just call your function recursively! Here is how it looks like with ints and lists:
def output_unescaped_json(value, *, indent=0): out = '' next_indent = indent + 2 if isinstance(value, int): out += str(value) elif isinstance(value, list): # opening [ and indentation until first item out += '[
' + ' ' * next_indent # each item separated by commas and indentation out_items = [ output_unescaped_json(item, indent=next_indent) for item in value ] sep = ',
' + ' ' * next_indent out += sep.join(out_items) # indentation between the last item and ] out += '
' + ' ' * indent + ']' else: assert False, type(value) return out
As with textbook recursive algorithms, it is elegant because you're only solving one problem at a time, but it can be tricky to get to the solution, convince you that it works, and debug it. If you want to make sure you fully understand what is going on, try working out the dictionary case ( {'key': 'value'} ).
You may be wondering: why is this a recursive algorithm? This must mean it's not pythonic, right? While it would be possible to rewrite this as an iterative algorithm, it's still going to traverse the whole tree, and the iterative algorithm will only be harder to read for marginal gains, and this is the kind of optimization that CPython avoids doing. And if your JSON is so deep that you exceed the recursion limit, you have other problems to solve first. :)
However, there is an obvious optimization that I left out: using yield and yield from and build the resulting string with a single join call. But that requires adding another function for the join call. I decided to keep things simple here.
Consider following me on Twitter.
San Francisco High-School Teachers Approve Contract, Amid Ongoing Tensions
Re Local Catholic leaders applaud the contract vote and public debate surrounding the issue as a step forward for Archbishop Cordileone, though the teachers' union secured key concessions.
JOAN FRAWLEY DESMOND
SAN FRANCISCO — After months of tense, high-profile negotiations — centering on resistance to an archdiocesan effort to reinforce Catholic identity — teachers at four Catholic high schools approved the collective-bargaining agreement Church officials negotiated with American Federation of Teachers Local 2240.
On Aug. 19, union leaders announced that members had ratified the contract. It incorporates concessions won from Archbishop Salvatore Cordileone of San Francisco during months of talks that drew national headlines, as well as a preamble that reflects his focus on the schools' religious mission.
The contract preamble states, “Teachers are expected to support the purpose of our Catholic schools in such a way that their personal conduct will not adversely impact their ability to teach in our Catholic high schools.”
Teachers who might face disciplinary action or termination will be “subject to the grievance procedure.”
In a statement released after the vote was announced, Archbishop Cordileone thanked the negotiators for their work and praised the 236 full-time teachers at the four archdiocesan high schools: Archbishop Riordan, Marin Catholic, Sacred Heart Cathedral Prep and Junipero Serra, marking the talks as an important milestone for the local Church.
“I want to thank the union and the administration negotiating team for their hard work over the past few months in coming to this agreement,” said Archbishop Cordileone.
“They have negotiated just wages and benefits for our high-school teachers, who are among the finest teachers in northern California.
“I also very much appreciate that the negotiations included a rich discussion about the mission and purpose of Catholic education and vital role that our high-school teachers play in carrying out that mission.”
Gina Jaeger, the union president, singled out union negotiators "for standing tall in support of dignity and fairness. Now it is time to heal after a tumultuous year.”
In its Aug. 20 press release, the union local noted: "The close vote, 90-80, reflected divisions among faculty and the broader community."
San Francisco Catholic leaders who publicly backed the archbishop's efforts to bolster the religious character of the Catholic high schools view the contract vote and public debate surrounding the issue as an important step forward.
“Now people applying for positions will know what the clear expectations are, both for teaching and for their public lives,” Father Joseph Fessio, the founder of San Francisco-based Ignatius Press, told the Register.
“The contract is good for the teachers we have, good for future applicants and good for the Church.”
Mary Anne Cresalia, the mother of nine children who have all attended Marin Catholic in Kentfield, said she had been “shocked” by the protests against the archbishop's efforts and had hoped to see the contract highlight the schools' religious character and the teachers' obligations to uphold it.
“The reason why my husband and I sent our children to Marin Catholic is because it is thoroughly Catholic,” Cresalia told the Register. “We would not make the sacrifices to pay the tuition if it wasn't.”
Tim Navone, the president of Marin Catholic, acknowledged that “there were major concessions on both sides. When people have a strong difference of opinion that is why we have negotiation.”
Navone signaled his intent to set the debate aside as the community began a new school year.
“What I am most happy about is that our campus feels unified and excited going into the school year,” Navone told the Register, noting that the teachers will finally receive wage increases after waiting four years.
Meanwhile, Cathedral Prep chaplain Father Mark Doherty said he would seek to ease tensions at his school by “initiating one-on-one relationships with teachers, staff and students.”
“I see my role as a summons to rebuild trust,” the chaplain told the Register.
Hard-Fought Agreement
The explosive, politicized dispute between Archbishop Cordileone and his critics within the high schools erupted into public view in February.
Teachers, parents and students openly attacked contract language proposed by the archdiocese that directed members of the faculty to avoid public statements and actions that violated Church teaching and would undermine their role in the classroom.
Opponents claimed the “morality clauses” and new language in the faculty handbook, which asked teachers to affirm Catholic doctrine on sensitive matters like homosexual relations, would undermine the schools' culture of acceptance and provoke a witch hunt against persons with same-sex attraction.
Hundreds of people joined public protests and launched a petition drive. State legislators and local city officials also weighed into the dispute, and prominent self-identified Catholic leaders signed a full-page ad in the San Francisco Chronicle that called on Pope Francis to remove the archbishop.
In February, Archbishop Cordileone wrote a letter to the high-school teachers that sought to reassure them that he did not intend to drive anyone out of the schools, but critics were not appeased.
“There is a lot of misunderstanding of what constitutes an authentic Catholic school,” Archbishop Cordileone told the Register during an Aug. 17 interview in advance of the Aug. 19 contract vote.
Referencing claims that his proposed contract language would result in “targeting people who are not in agreement with our sexual morality,” he said that such predictions reflected “a distorted understanding of our teaching.”
The Church asks believers to “love the sinner and hate the sin,” he said. The pushback against his attempts to clarify Catholic doctrine failed to recognize that all the teachings of the faith are part of an integrated vision of human flourishing, in which specific moral values complement rather than contradict one another.
To emphasize this point, he cited Pope Francis' new encyclical, Laudato Si, which presents the human and natural world as a unified expression of the love of the Holy Trinity and warns against “the notion that there are no indisputable truths to guide our lives.”
Legal Landscape
While critics challenged references to moral teachings in the contract as an attack on local community values, they also rejected proposed language that described teachers as “ministers.” The reference to ministers was removed and does not appear in the final contract.
However, the initial designation of teachers as ministers stirred concern that the archdiocese sought to leverage the U.S. Supreme Court's 2012 decision in Hosanna Tabor to strengthen its power to discipline or remove teachers who opposed Church teaching outside of the classroom.
In Hosanna Tabor, a landmark religious-liberty case, the high court affirmed the right of faith-based schools to hire and fire teachers without interference from the courts.
“The entire nation is watching this,” Sal Curcio, a teacher and union representative, told San Francisco magazine in its August 2015 issue, in a reference to broad media coverage of the contract dispute.
“If the archbishop can break a union in San Francisco — or render it useless by pushing an agenda that takes away the rights of teachers and also hurts the students — then they can do this everywhere.”
Yet union representatives also acknowledged that case law supports the rights of all employers, secular and religious, to make employment decisions that preserve and promote their mission.
In a letter to the union membership after the final contract was approved on July 31, union leader Lisa Dole made clear that “if personal conduct becomes public and is viewed as adversely impacting the school, the teacher can be disciplined or terminated. That is established case law.”
Dole did not respond to the Register's request for comment following the Aug.19 vote.
Legal experts say that the “ministerial exception,” unanimously affirmed in Hosanna Tabor, applies to school principals, chaplains and teachers of religion, but it may not shield schools when they remove a teacher in another academic department. For that reason, employment contracts, job descriptions and performance evaluations in religious schools also reference the fact that the teacher is engaged in the ministry of education.
“It is fundamental freedom that any religious society ought to have control over the inculcation of the faith in the children, both by instruction and by modeling the behavior,” Martin Nussbaum, a lawyer who advises Catholic dioceses, told the Register.
“This is fundamental under Church doctrine and under the ministerial exception, which is a subset of first-amendment doctrine of church autonomy.”
The Contract Language
The final language in the contract, approved July 31, states “that the purpose of Catholic schools is to affirm Catholic values through the Gospel of Jesus Christ.”
Further, “teachers are expected to support the purpose of our Catholic schools in such a way that their personal conduct will not adversely impact their ability to teach in our Catholic high schools.”
The contract states that “disputes about teacher conduct on and off the job are subject to the grievance procedure to determine whether such conduct has adversely impacted the teacher's ability to teach in our Catholic high schools.”
Another passage directs union members to “recognize the unique nature of the archdiocesan high-school system, in that it is Roman Catholic, committed to provide education within the framework of Catholic principles; that Catholic teachings and precepts shall remain paramount throughout the term of this agreement; and that nothing in the agreement shall be construed as interfering in any way with the superintendent's functions and duties, insofar as they are canonical.”
In contrast, the initial iteration of contract language asked the teachers to “acknowledge that all faculty and staff are ministers engaged in this religious mission and that they teach and educate, and thus serve their ministry of Catholic education, not only by the performance of their job duties, but also by their word and example, inside and outside the classroom, on and off campus.”
‘The Right to Protect Its Mission'
During his interview with the Register, Archbishop Cordileone defended his ongoing efforts to strengthen the Catholic identity of the four high schools, while accommodating teachers' concerns regarding the contract language he had initially proposed.
“The teachers have the right to pursue the usual grievance procedures when they feel they have been wrongfully treated. The contract reflects that.
“But the school also has the right to protect its mission and to contract with teachers who will support the mission of the school.”
“Whatever wording works that we can agree upon that respects those two principles is fine with me,” he explained.
While portions of the contract have been heavily rewritten to modify or remove language that highlighted the religious mission of the school, and the faculty handbook is still under review, Archbishop Cordileone is content with the final contract.
“It was important to make clear the teachers should not give a public counter-witness to the mission of schools,” he said, noting language in the final contract that “speaks about the responsibility of the teachers, in their personal conduct, to not adversely impact their ability” to serve as credible role models.
Archbishop Cordileone also made clear that he would continue with his plans to revitalize Catholic education and place teachers at the forefront of the New Evangelization.
“The U.S. bishops have said explicitly that the schools are an integral part of the evangelizing mission of the Church, and the contract language now says that the purpose of Catholic schools is to affirm Catholic values through the Gospel,” he noted.
Lessons Learned
Asked whether in hindsight he might have taken a different path to advance his education initiative — one that might have provoked less resistance — Archbishop Cordileone acknowledged that there were lessons to be learned.
It is important, he said, to “speak with the school leadership in the diocese, to devise a program of deeper faith formation of the teachers, to offer incentives for the teachers to do that and then engage them in dialogue.”
Reflecting on the past nine months, he also recalled the fresh insights he garnered during conversations with teachers, who shared their struggles to present the faith to students formed by a secular culture.
But the hostile critics, who painted the archbishop as an outlier, also highlight the challenge that confronts every Church leader as the Catholic faith and mainstream culture move further apart.
“There is already talk about removing the tax-exempt status of faith-based organizations,” the archbishop noted, in a reference to U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli's remarks during the 2015 oral arguments for the four cases that led to the civil legalization of same-sex marriage.
But Archbishop Cordileone said he would continue to stand his ground on the fundamental issues.
“I will not accept that the schools have to renounce their right to hire and fire for the sake of their mission,” he stated.
“Every organization has that right. There is no reason our schools should have to give up that right.”
Joan Frawley Desmond is the Register's senior editor.
Huge Hannibal news has dropped! In anticipation for the third season this June, series creator Bryan Fuller made a series of tweets last night that revealed three exciting tidbits of information.
First he revealed that the Hannibal season premiere is set over four time periods:
Next he revealed that Vincenzo Natali (Cube) will be directing the first three episodes, whose Italian cuisine titles were also given:
As the cherry on top, Fuller revealed that Neil Marshall (The Descent) will be directing the season's 8th episode. It's title? “The Grand Red Dragon.”
Fuller has previously stated that he intends for Hannibal to run three seasons before adapting Thomas Harris' novels, the first being Red Dragon, and finally wrapping up the series however the hell he envisions it. The title of Marshall's episode seems to back up this game plan.
Hannibal returns June 4th on NBC.
Source: Collider
Three weeks ago, Allen St. Pierre ducked out of his Washington, D.C., office for a midday dentist appointment. For 22 years, St. Pierre has worked for the National Organ­iz­ation for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, or NORML, the granddaddy of pot-law reform advocacy groups; he came on board in 1991 and rose through the ranks to become executive director – a job that in recent years has become increasingly busy. And since the historic November 2012 votes in Colorado and Washington state to legalize, tax, and regulate marijuana for casual use by adults, things have been downright hectic. As of this writing, marijuana legalization measures have been filed in seven states and in the U.S. Congress; overall, legislatures in 26 states – including Texas – now have pending before them some type of marijuana-law reform measure(s).
With all the pot-law action, just finding the time to get to the dentist has become tricky – sitting in the dentist's office last month, St. Pierre fielded calls from reporters seeking comment on the news that Mary­land Democratic Delegate Curt Ander­son had just filed a bill that would, as in Colorado and Washington, legalize marijuana for recreational use and have it regulated and taxed like alcohol. St. Pierre was caught off-guard: "Nobody knew [Anderson] was going to drop a bill to legalize in Maryland," he says. NORML staffers had very recently met with Anderson, a long-time supporter of medical marijuana and marijuana decriminalization, "and he never said a word about legalization."
The point, says St. Pierre, is that right now even advocates are having a hard time keeping up with the explosion of pro-marijuana reforms being considered across the country in the wake of the Colorado and Washington votes. Ultimately, for the reformers it's an encouraging problem: In addition to the eight legalization measures currently pending, 10 states are considering decriminalization legislation, and 12 are considering various medical marijuana measures.
Whether most of the currently filed measures pass in the short term, the sheer volume of bills and the strengthening sentiments behind them signal to drug-law reformers that the days of pot prohibition are seriously numbered.
Pot Goes Mainstream
Possibly the only reform advocate not surprised by the post-November pot-bill explosion is Rob Kampia. Kampia is a politically shrewd, libertarian-minded advocate who put in a short stint at NORML before breaking off with several others in 1995 to form the Marijuana Policy Project, which has become the most influential pot advocacy group in the country. The group bankrolled the successful initiative in Colo­rado and has been the driving force behind medi-pot legalization in 18 states. Indeed, Kampia says 2013 is looking a bit like 1997, the year after California passed the country's first medi-pot law. "When California was the first state to legalize medical marijuana in 1996, there was an explosion of activity in state legislatures on medical marijuana in 1997," he recalls. "I remember that vividly because I predicted it would happen and we were completely underfunded at the time. And that's an understatement – we were working out of my bedroom." Kampia went to donors after the California vote and told them an onslaught of bills was coming; he listed the states and asked for money. He didn't get any – and all the bills failed, he recalls. "When they were introduced there was no real media coverage, no one was promoting [them], none of them passed. Everything died."
That was 16 years ago and Kampia – and his donors – have long since learned the lesson of that first go-round. "I already knew this was going to happen, so we were ready to go. If we were going to win in Colorado or Washington, we were ready for the juggernaut in the legislatures," he says. Now, he says, MPP's operation is a well-oiled machine; they draft many of the measures that lawmakers file, and they've learned how to lobby effectively, how to generate media coverage, and how to recruit and train good witnesses for committee hearings. And this year, he says, some of the dozens of filed bills "will actually get pretty good votes in committee."
Take, for example, Maine, where Portland Democratic state Rep. Diane Russell has again filed legislation, co-authored by her Republican colleague, Rep. Aaron Libby, that would legalize possession by adults of up to 2.5 ounces of pot, or six plants, and would regulate and tax cultivation and sales. The bill got out of committee last year, reported the Portland Press Herald, but was killed on the House floor. This time around, Kampia is confident the House will vote in favor of the measure – and then the bill will almost certainly die. There's been no lobbying for it in the Senate, and even if it does survive both chambers, it is unlikely the bill would be signed by the "ultra-conservative Republican governor," he says.
Still, he argues, the situation in Maine is a "win-win." "From our perspective, it's useful to work on a bill that we think is not going to pass, because we're able to raise the level of dialogue across the state, get our message into the news media, [and learn what people] like and what they don't like about the bill, which will help inform the ultimate" goal: Getting Maine's voters to pass a Colorado-style legalization initiative in 2016.
Maine is among as many as seven states – including Arizona, California, Massa­chu­setts, Montana, Oregon, and Nevada – where Kampia and others expect to see legalization measures on the ballot in 2016. (Kampia says it's likely that Alaska voters will go to the polls on pot even earlier, in a midterm initiative in 2014.) Legislator-backed reforms may ultimately pass in some states – perhaps Hawaii, where advocates say they expect pot will be legal by 2015, and perhaps Rhode Island, quite possibly the country's most progressive legislature when it comes to marijuana, says Tom Angell, chairman of Marijuana Majority. Rhode Island lawmakers have overridden vetoes of medical marijuana bills, last year decriminalized pot possession, and are now debating legalization. But in most places, for now, citizen-backed initiatives will generate most of the pot-law changes.
That's because, at least at present, lawmakers are still wary of sticking their necks out on an issue they perceive to be too sensitive politically, says Kampia. That's long been a problem for pot-law reformers, notes Angell, whose Marijuana Majority is dedicated to the notion that marijuana decriminalization and legalization are actually mainstream, majority-supported positions. That's a fact exemplified most recently in Colorado, where marijuana legalization "got more votes than President Obama did," Angell says. "That says a lot."
Still, Kampia says he doesn't mind being the one to come up with the language of the laws that would decriminalize, or legalize marijuana. "Ultimately, I think most legislators would prefer for us to deal with the problem, or the solution, so that they don't have to," he says. "I think they'd rather have a law on the books that they don't think is very good [than] stick their necks out on all this kind of stuff they worry about – stuff they shouldn't be worried about because marijuana is probably more popular than they are."
Indeed, voters in the presidential battleground state of Colorado went 51.5% for Barack Obama, 46.1% for Mitt Romney, and 55% for Amendment 64, which legalized marijuana. That kind of support for pot-law reform is increasing across the country: In Washington, pot legalization Initiative 502 earned nearly 56% of the vote, strongly outperforming the 51.5% for new Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee. In Massachusetts, pot decriminalization earned just over 63% of the vote in November, easily beating both GOP Sen. Scott Brown and his Democratic challenger Elizabeth Warren, who won with just under 54%.
In Illinois, 63% of voters say they favor medical marijuana, nearly double the current approval numbers for Gov. Pat Quinn; in Maryland, 63% of voters last year said they would favor legalizing medical marijuana, a full point more than voted for Obama in November. And in Indiana, just under 50% of voters cast ballots last year for Republican Gov. Mike Pence; a month later, 53% said they would vote in favor of decriminalizing marijuana.
Austin Dem Rep. Elliott Naishtat says he believes the pattern holds in Texas, where polls have consistently shown strong support for medi-pot reform. For the fifth time in as many sessions, Naishtat has filed a proposal that gently moves in that direction, offering seriously ill patients an affirmative defense against prosecution for marijuana possession. The bill last got a hearing in 2005, when it was heard by the House Criminal Jurisprudence Committee; since then it's been dumped in the Public Health Committee and languished without even a hearing. Naishtat, ever the optimist, is confident that this year the bill will not only get a hearing, but will make it to the House floor. Ultimately, he says, passing the measure is the right thing to do. "This is a very modest approach."
Skipping the Middleman
Of course, the growing popularity of these proposals doesn't mean the journey ahead is clear sailing. Indeed, while there could be nearly a dozen states by the end of 2016 that have legalized marijuana for use by adults, it remains illegal under federal law – regulated more strictly than cocaine or opium, and officially considered to be without any medicinal use whatsoever. Not surprisingly, there are plenty of folks who want to keep it that way. Chief among them, apparently, are eight former administrators of the Drug Enforcement Administration who have several times now written to the Obama administration in an attempt to sway the president and Department of Jus­tice to reject legalization efforts. The group's latest letter, sent to Attorney General Eric Holder on March 5, implored the feds to "nullify" the new Colorado and Washington laws. "If they don't act now, these laws will be fully implemented in a matter of months," signatory and former DEA Administrator Peter Bensinger told the Associated Press. "This is a no-brainer. It is outrageous that a lawsuit [seeking to rescind the laws] hasn't been filed in federal court yet."
While the old-guard DEA may be playing the same straightforward prohibition game that anti-pot crusaders have waged for more than seven decades, there is also a gang of newer "antis" that may prove more formidable opponents – at least in the short term. Chief among these reform foes is former U.S. Rep. Patrick Kennedy, who has had his own share of substance abuse issues and run-ins with the law. Kennedy is one of the founders of the group Smart Approaches to Marijuana. SAM's approach to fighting legalization is not to advocate tough criminal justice policies, but to argue that reform presents a serious risk to "public health." Kennedy told MSNBC earlier this year that his group favors neither "lock 'em up [nor] light 'em up," but instead chooses a third way – promoting education and public health as an answer to drug use. This may sound moderate, says Angell, but really it's old wine in new bottles. In the face of the renewed popularity of drug-law reform, opponents have simply chosen different rhetoric for the same old policies. "They've reevaluated and revamped their approach – not in terms of their policies, but in terms of how they're talking about it," Angell says. "They're doing the same thing, but talking about it differently. It's up to our movement to shed light on the disconnect between their rhetoric and their actions."
So far, the feds have had no response except to say that they're reviewing the laws in Colorado and Washington. In late November 2012, Kampia told us that MPP would like to see that review stretch throughout Obama's second term, giving the states a chance to enact their individual laws and offering the country a two-state pot legalization laboratory. Indeed, St. Pierre says that NORML and other advocates have been asked more than once by Obama's domestic team what their thoughts are on how to proceed. "Our advice to them, when they've asked, is two words: Do nothing," he says. "Zip. Zippo."
Thus far, that's exactly how things are going. Responding to the former DEA administrators' latest letter, a Holder spokesperson told the AP only that the DOJ "is in the process of reviewing those initiatives."
How the feds will proceed next is anyone's guess. But with three marijuana bills pending, and a fourth that would reauthorize farming of industrial hemp, pot's non-narcotic cousin, there's a good bet something will happen sooner rather than later. To St. Pierre, the best bet is a proposed – but, to date, not-yet-filed – measure that would create a commission to study marijuana legalization. This has happened before, most recently during the administration of President Richard Nixon, whose National Commission on Marihuana and Drug Abuse concluded in 1972 that the drug should be decriminalized. "[T]he criminal law is too harsh a tool to apply to personal possession even in the effort to discourage use," the commission, chaired by Pennsyl­van­ia Gov. Raymond Shafer, concluded. "It implies an overwhelming indictment of the behavior which we believe is not appropriate. The actual and potential harm of use of the drug is not great enough to justify intrusion by the criminal law into private behavior."
St. Pierre says he has no doubt any future commission would reach at least the same conclusions as those who have come before. And offering Obama the commission route would essentially buy Colorado and Washington – and any other state readying for the 2016 ballot – the time needed to make it that much more difficult to put the genie back into the bottle.
To Kampia, the time for tiptoeing around with commissions and studies is over. The best way for the feds to proceed, he said, is simply to take action to legalize marijuana. He notes that the recommendations of the Shafer Commission were completely ignored – instead the feds have spent more than 40 years pursuing marijuana users in exactly the fashion the Commission said was unwarranted. "So let's just skip the middleman here," says Kampia, "and go right for legalization in Congress." (Indeed, Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vermont, has said that there will be discussion of marijuana in the Senate Judiciary Committee, which he chairs, even though no bills on the topic have yet been filed in the Senate, Kampia notes.)
Either way, says St. Pierre, time is on the side of reformers. "We're totally convinced that the science, and the will of the people, will prevail."
By Ken Adachi, Editor
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/napolitanoshippingstraightjacket27nov10.shtml
November 27, 2010
For TV entertainment, we normally watch video tapes of Japanese TV sent to us by my wife's relatives living in Japan. We were just notified today from the relative in Japan who sends the box with the tapes that he couldn't send the box to the USA, but the Japanese postal clerk didn't know why when asked for the reason.
We then took a look at Japanese postal web sites to try to find out what's going on and discovered that Janet Napolitano, loyal minion of the NWO takeover agenda and obedient lapdog to the Indonesian Usurper in the White House, had set up new Department of Homeland Security (DHS) shipping restrictions on November 17, 2010 that blocks the shipping of any NON COMMERCIAL parcel into the United States that weighs more than 0.9 pounds (under 16 ounces) without first supplying the Social Security number (or taxpayer ID number) of the RECEPIENT of the package (and it's likely that the new DHS shipping restriction will soon also apply to detailed ID requirements on the part of the person sending the package as well).
I had predicted this scenario would soon unfold in a brief commentary I penned on November 10, 2010 as a prelude commentary to a November 9, 2010 article written by Maidhc Ó Cathail titled The Parcel Bomb Plot – Al-Qaedas Gift to Israel by Maidhc Ó Cathail (Nov. 10, 2010) , I suggested in the last paragraph of my commentary:
"This article posted at Yahoo News gives you the cover story that you are expected to swallow and following this and similar expressions of media Reaction, the Usurper's administration will soon announce the Solution to prevent the self-announced Al-CIAda terrorists from sending any more printer cartridge "bombs" to any synagogue in America. Undoubtedly, the new Solution will require that anyone who wants to ship anything must first establish his identity to the Nth degree with the shipper, whether post office or FedEx. etc. This will naturally require many IDs to be shown, forms to be filled out, and probably bio-metric ID tagging-just to play it "safe". You will likely then be issued a smart card of some sort that will "allow" you to ship things. No smart card? No shipping "privileges" is my guesstimate...Ken Adachi"
In a little over two weeks since writing those words, we are now being directly impacted in our home by this latest example of subterfuge and false flag deceit designed to impose a new straight jacket of government imposition and intrusion upon our personal privacy and among those abroad with whom we correspond and receive ordinary mail packages from.
Like the planned TSA "pat-down v X-ray" abuse, it's another, new plank in the NWO Takeover scaffolding It follows the all-too-familiar Problem-Reaction-Solution strategy to a tee. They push ordinary people to the boiling point and then back off somewhat with a compromise "solution", which will, in this case include photo-metric, bio-metric, in-depth history/background details embedded within a smart card which will soon become a requirement if you wish to quickly board an airplane or even receive a box of Irish linen napkins from your grandmother living in Dublin.
The TSA pat-down/X-ray abuse will likely extend to other avenues of transportation in the near future
If we don't get busy and stop the NWO takeover of this country, we will become (and ARE becoming) slaves of the state. A slave is controlled in everything he does or wishes to do. He needs permission from his overlords to do even the simplest of things, as the Palestinian people in Gaza and the West Bank know all too well.
The Patriot Acts must be repealed and the Department of Homeland Security dismantled-- forever. FEMA must be dismantled. The CIA must be dismantled. The control of the Pentagon must be returned to loyal American military men and removed from the hands of the NWO sell-outs who now control that organization,. We must remove from office the politicians who have enabled these treasonous acts to be passed. Those with the capacity must take it upon themselves to challenge in courts, high and low, every instance of government imposition upon our Constitutional rights.
Like John Tyner Jr, who decided to stand up for his dignity and constitutional rights by refusing to cave in to the outrageous and unreasonable demands of the TSA when he wanted to board a local flight out of San Diego airport a little over a week ago, we must also take a stand and ACTIVELY participate in the rescue of this country, its people, and its constitution.
Ken Adachi
Comments
Subject: you are absolutely correct....time is near....
From: Thomas
Date: Sun, November 28, 2010
To: Ken Adachi
Ken,
I have been reading your website and writings for many years now. actually, we corresponded for a bit back in probably 2004 or so about orgone. you sent me a Word doc. that was quite detailed concerning orgone energy. Anyway, your latest article about packages, DHS, etc is absolutely correct. Our country or whatever it is/was
is over. We are the new, modern East Germany with a high tech grid now in place. It is sad to see, but we will be forced to soon choose between comforts and being a part of this satanic machine or being free individuals.
For me, I will choose the later. By the way, I wouldn't mind having that orgone word doc. again.
Thomas S
Augusta, GA...aka fascist police state in GA....
© Copyright 2010 Educate-Yourself.org All Rights Reserved.
Living on Tiangong
by Morris Jones
Sydney, Australia (SPX) Oct 25, 2011
With China's first space laboratory, Tiangong 1, settled into orbit, it's now time to consider the missions that will follow. We're expecting China to perform two docking tests with the unmanned Shenzhou 8 spacecraft in November this year. If that mission goes well, astronauts will fly to Tiangong 1 in the first half of 2012 aboard Shenzhou 9.
They will do more than just dock with Tiangong. They will live aboard the laboratory. What, then, will it be like to live on board Tiangong 1?
Prior to the launch of this spacecraft, we had little idea of what was inside. Computer graphics and animation was fairly nondescript. Since then, we've seen actual photographs of the interior of Tiangong 1 in the Chinese media, some of them taken while the module was in space.
Tiangong looks a lot more user-friendly than I had originally expected. The small module has a fair amount of interior room for the crew and also has two sleeping berths.
Chinese media have also described these sleeping berths as allowing astronauts to stretch out and control their own lighting.
We can also observe that there will be more privacy and better isolation from the rest of the spacecraft. The interior is mostly white paneling, with darker tones for the "floor", which also contains foot restraints.
We can certainly admire the interior of China's latest piece of habitable real estate, which makes Shanghai apartment prices look modest by comparison. But what does this tell us about the missions that will fly to it?
Certainly, it suggests that long-term missions could be conducted fairly comfortably. With the added volume of the docked Shenzhou spacecraft, there will be a good amount of personal space for each crewmember.
But how many astronauts will there be? We see two sleeping berths, not three. Does this suggest that Tiangong expeditions will only carry two astronauts? Not necessarily. The third crewmember could easily retreat to the Shenzhou spacecraft and stretch out in a sleeping bag, with nobody else around.
In an earlier article (No Toilet for Tiangong) I speculated that Tiangong 1 would not carry a toilet or a galley. These messy items were best left aboard the Shenzhou spacecraft, which would need to carry them anyway for the flight to the Tiangong module. There's nothing in the photos or the media reports to suggest that this is not the case.
There appears to be a computer terminal on one of the walls, which could be a control system for the Tiangong module. It is less likely to be a control system for any on-board experiments.
Tiangong does not seem to feature much in the way of gloveboxes, greenhouses or any of the typical experimental gear found on a larger space station.
This lack of apparatus ties in with my earlier theory that most of the scientific work carried out on board Tiangong would be biomedical experiments on the astronauts themselves. Much of the gear on board the space laboratory is hidden inside drawers and behind panels.
We can expect that a lot of these compartments contain tools, emergency equipment, and other basic necessities. Somewhere inside lurk some commemorative items that will be returned to Earth by the astronauts.
The interior cameras look fairly advanced, suggesting that we could be treated to broadcast-quality video during the missions.
Some of this will probably consist of science demonstrations and tours of the spacecraft for the general public. We look forward to seeing these shows, which will almost certainly find their way online.
Dr Morris Jones is an Australian space analyst. Email morrisjonesNOSPAMhotmail.com. Replace NOSPAM with @ to send email. Dr Jones will answer media inquiries.
US Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-KY, speaks to the press at the US Capitol in Washington, DC, on March 10, 2015. AFP PHOTO/NICHOLAS KAMM (Photo credit should read NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON -- Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is personally appealing to governors across the country to help thwart the Obama administration's plans to cut greenhouse gas emissions from power plants.
McConnell sent a letter to all 50 governors on Thursday urging them to ignore the Environmental Protection Agency's power plant plan. The plan, he wrote, will be "extremely burdensome and costly, and will not seriously address the global environmental concerns that are frequently raised to justify it."
"I hope you will carefully review the consequences before signing up for this deeply misguided plan," wrote McConnell. "I believe you will find, as I have, that the EPA's proposal goes far beyond its legal authority and that the courts are likely to strike it down."
But back in McConnell's home state of Kentucky, state officials are plunging ahead with their work on a compliance plan with the new rules, which still have yet to be finalized. A piece in The (Louisville) Courier-Journal earlier this month highlighted this incongruity with McConnell's efforts to rally other governors, citing statements from Dick Brown, the spokesman for the Energy and Environment Cabinet within the administration of Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear (D), that indicate this coal-dependent state is at work on its compliance plan.
"It is important that we plan for that eventuality by working with energy stakeholders to craft a road map from which to navigate," Brown said in the statement to the paper, noting that officials are at work on a transition document that will be handed to the next governor when Beshear leaves at the end of this year. "Failing to follow through with creation of that plan means Kentucky would most likely have to abide by a federal implementation plan that would cause harm to Kentucky's economic future and burden the next administration with challenges not of its making."
Under the Environmental Protection Agency's Clean Power Plan, the federal government sets emissions limits for each state, but the states are then required to come up with their own plans to meet those limits.
The plan calls for a 30 percent national reduction in greenhouse gas emissions from existing power plants by 2030, but the limits vary by state. The targets are based on a state's current emissions levels and the kinds of energy options available there. Kentucky's goal would require an 18 percent reduction from its 2012 emissions. And by some estimates, Kentucky is already halfway toward meeting that goal.
If a state doesn't come up with a plan, then the EPA will come up with one for it. And while several states have filed a lawsuit against the EPA over the plan, agency Administrator Gina McCarthy has said she's confident that most states will comply, because doing so will be better for them than having the feds impose requirements.
That seems to be the Beshear administration's approach. And it's not like the Beshear administration has a lot of love for the Obama EPA, having sparred with them over other coal rules in the past.
States won't be required to hand in their plans until June 2016, a year after the power plant rule is finalized. By that point, Beshear will have left office, meaning the final decision on compliance won't be his.
Asked about the discrepancy between McConnell's 50-state crusade and the reaction to the rules at home, the Majority Leader's office pointed to the candidates for the next Kentucky governor, all of whom have been less enthusiastic about the plan. The local radio station WFPL reported recently that all of the front-runners for the state's top office -- Republicans Hal Heiner, James Comer and Will Scott, and Democrat Jack Conway -- have said they will drop the work on the compliance plan if elected.
Day in the Life of Mod Whalefis
I've been asked this week by the wonderful people in our Community Team to write a blog. Having never written a blog before I decided to look up the official definition of the word before I got started. After multiple attempts to connect to my rubbish wi-fi, Google came back to me with this:
: blog; plural noun: blogs
1. 1. A regularly updated website or web page, typically one run by an individual or small group, that is written in an informal or conversational style.
‘HA!' I say to myself, unintentionally out loud and much to the surprise of myself and the dog, ‘written in a conversational style'. If you were to question anyone in the RuneScape Art Team and ask what my conversational style would be, I'm sure words like ‘insane', ‘random', ‘side-tracked' and ‘rambling' would feature pretty heavily in their description. So I'm hoping our Community Team have heavily edited this so it makes some kind of coherent sense.
If you're still reading this, I'm supposed to tell you all about an average Tuesday for me. Once again, ‘HA!' I think I'm one of those very lucky individuals that tend not to have an average day. If I had an average job this would be easy, but I'm Art Director of a nearly 15-year-old game in a team of over 35 very creative artists - no two days are ever the same. I think that's why I still do what I do and love it so much.
So to crack on, why Tuesdays? No one likes Mondays and to be honest a lot of my Monday mornings are spent in planning meetings which can't be revealed here! I like Tuesdays. Next to Thursdays, they're my favorite day of the week, and they're named after the Norse god Tyr. See what I mean about rambling?
My day normally kicks into gear around 9:30 – 10:00, so of course I arrive at 8:00 and that time is MINE. I plan my day ahead and prioritize what I should be up to today and how many of yesterday's 'to-do' post-it notes I can remove from my desk top.
It's not hard to find my desk in the office. It's the messy one in the corner surrounded by open art books and colour printouts Blu-Tacked to the wall. I normally overflow onto the desk next to me where our Lead Illustrator Mod Lee M sits. Understandably, this drives him mad, but he's not here this week, so about ¾ of his desk is now covered in art books. Sorry Lee.
I'm going to be looking at some level-lighting alternatives for Chronicle this week, so I've been rummaging through my eclectic collection of art books looking for some suitable lighting reference: The Art of The Croods, Puss in Boots, Evolve, Before they Pass Away (which is about 6 inches thick) and anything else I can see that has the art of Nathan Fowkes scattered through it. They are tagged in the corner of the page with a Post-it note and lay strewn over my desk (and Lee's), and under there somewhere is my laptop, which I now find I need for my first meeting of the day. DOH!
So twice a week, the art leads and myself review all the work generated by the team over the last few days. Joining me in the room are four JMods: Paul_B our lead Animator; Alec, Lead Character Art; Stead, Lead Environment artist; and Arkan23, Senior Concept Artist. These sessions normally have me scrubbing though my laptop for some fun references: ‘A bit like this but with the legs of these two, but more like a tree'. It's also not uncommon to find myself and the Lead Animator leaping around the glass-walled ground floor meeting room giving feedback on this week's animations, much to the amusement of HR in the office next door.
Right after that we have Concept Art Rush, a 30-minute meeting (which it NEVER is) in which we take a look at this week's concept art with the chaps who draw the stuff. These feedback sessions aren't just limited to RuneScape but include all our internal projects, and once again have me searching for reference on my laptop or struggling with the weird Wacom tablet we have in that room. As well as the Concept Team and myself giving feedback, we also take a look at what's coming up in the next few weeks and who's going to be working on what.
Lunch in the canteen next, and time for me to catch up on my Boom Beach. Just got my stun cannon - awesome!
Back at my desk I'll catch up on emails and see what's going on with the team. We're looking at making massive changes to our animation pipeline, which - believe me - is no small task! I head off to a catch-up session with our Lead Animator, Tech Artist and the incredible coders who have fearlessly taken on this challenge. The chaps have made some real progress, and we review vids of some of the new character rigs in action. We've still a long way to go and a lot of legacy issues to resolve, but the end results will result in more natural animations and - more importantly - very happy animators.
A cup of coffee and a walk around the grounds with some of the team for a little fresh air sees me back at my desk and back in Unity 5, throwing together some lighting rigs. I cut a rectangular hole into a piece of paper and use this window to isolate colours in some of my pre-selected artwork, which lets me focus on an area without being distracted by anything else on the page. A bit old fashioned, I know, but if it ain't broke don't fix it…and I'm old.
I take screenshots of my favorite 6 out of the 11 rigs I've managed to bang out this afternoon, drop them into Photoshop and colour the treatment filters to fine-tune the lighting. Once you have the basics down, this is a more creative workflow and you can pull colours around to your heart's content, making non-destructive, broad changes to the scene. Using a colour lookup test card, I import these back into Unity with surprisingly good results. I decide to leave it there and review them tomorrow. Things always look different the next day, and I'll probably end up re-working half of them. Come the morning, I'll push some of these images under the leads' noses and see what they think.
With the working day over, a quick change of clothes and I'm outside with some of the team psyching up for tonight's training session. A bunch of us are doing the London – Cambridge bike ride in a few weeks and I've got a 30 mile cycle ahead of me. At least it's not raining.
02-Jul-2015 14:07:41 - Last edited on 03-Jul-2015 10:58:35 by Mod Kalaya
The likelihood of conflict in different countries around the world next year has been evaluated in an annual study.
The Center for Preventive Action, a policy unit for the Council of Foreign Relations, evaluates the likelihood that conflicts will emerge to help US policymakers in prioritising prevention and crisis migration demands.
concerns over the implications of growing instability and conflict in the Middle East dominate[d] the results of the 2016 survey.
Half the mid-range priorities involved Middle Eastern countries while a further intensification of the Syrian civil war topped the list in terms of priority to the the United States.
The survey concluded that, in order of priority, these are the conflicts which the US most needs to keep an eye on in 2016:
High likelihood:
Syria
Reason: Intensification of the civil war in Syria resulting from increased external support for warring parties, including military intervention by outside powers.
Libya
Fighters from the Fajr Libya take cover during clashes with an opposing militia in Bir al-Ghanam, around 50 kilometres from the capital on 19 March 2015 (Picture: MAHMUD TURKIA/AFP/Getty Images)
Reason: Continued political fracturing, with heightened violence and further military intervention by Arab states.
Israel and Palestinian territories
Reason: Heightened tensions, leading to attacks against civilians, widespread protests, and armed confrontations.
Turkey
Reason: Intensified political violence involving various Kurdish groups and Turkish security forces, exacerbated by spillover from the Syrian civil war.
Egypt
Reason: Increased political instability, including terrorist attacks, particularly in the Sinai Peninsula.
Afghanistan
Reason: Increased violence and instability, resulting from the strengthening of the Taliban insurgency.
Iraq
Reason: Continued fracturing due to territorial gains by Isis and ongoing Sunni-Shia sectarian violence.
Moderate likelihood:
North Korea
(Picture: Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images)
Reason: A severe crisis with or in North Korea caused by nuclear or ballistic missile weapons testing, a military provocation, or internal political instability.
The EU
Reason: Political instability in EU countries stemming from the influx of refugees and migrants, with heightened civil unrest, isolated terrorist attacks, or violence against refugees and migrants.
Mexico
Reason: Escalation of organised crime–related violence, with spillover effects into the United States.
Pakistan
Reason: Increased internal violence and political instability caused by multiple militant groups, primarily the Pakistani Taliban.
Lebanon
Reason: Increased sectarian violence and political instability due to spillover from the Syrian civil war.
Ukraine
Reason: Intensification of fighting between Russian-backed militias and Ukrainian security forces, with potential overt Russian military intervention.
Jordan
Reason: Growing political instability and civil violence in Jordan, triggered by spillover from the Syrian civil war.
Yemen
Reason: Intensified civil war as a result of fighting among national loyalist forces, Houthi rebels, and intervening outside forces.
Nigeria
A man walks past a scene of a bombing after at least 20 people were killed on 22 June 2015 in Maiduguri, northeast Nigeria. (Picture: STRINGER/AFP/Getty Images)
Reason: Intensified sectarian violence and political instability related to Boko Haram, with potential spillover into nearby countries.
Russia
Reason: Escalation of Islamist militancy and violence, including civil unrest in the North Caucasus region.
South Sudan
Reason: Protracted civil war stemming from political and ethnic divisions.
Central African Republic
Reason: Escalation of sectarian violence between the ex-Seleka rebels and anti-balaka militias.
Burma
Reason: An intensification of sectarian violence between Buddhists and Muslim Rohingyas, potentially exacerbated by post-election political instability.
Venezuela
Reason: Deepening economic crisis and political instability, leading to heightened civil unrest.
Democratic Republic of Congo
Flynn Intel Group Worked with Turkish Officials with Close Ties to Man Dubbed “Putin's Rasputin”
Scott Stedman Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 6, 2017
With renewed scrutiny on President Trump's former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and a potential indictment looming, a new link connecting Flynn to Putin's inner circle has been uncovered.
Flynn was paid $530,000 for his lobbying work that benefited Turkey, a sum of money that he originally failed to disclose having to retroactively registering as a foreign agent in 2017. During the fall of 2016, the Wall Street Journal reported that the Flynn Intel Group was flying Turkish officials to Washington to interview them to be featured in a documentary on Fetullah Gulen — the Muslim cleric that the Erdoğan government blames for a failed coup attempt in 2015. Ismail Hakki Pekin, the former head of Turkish intelligence, was one of the men featured in the film. It is unclear how Flynn's group got in touch with Pekin and the extent of their relationship. After news of Flynn's failure to mention his work that helped the Turkish government became public, the film was never released.
In multiple instances over the past few years, beginning in 2014, Pekin has acted as an intermediary between Putin and Turkey. When a Russian jet was shot down by Turkey in 2015, Pekin flew to Moscow to resolve the tensions between the two nations. There, he met with multiple highly influential people close to Vladimir Putin including the US sanctioned Aleksandr Dugin and Konstantin Malofeev:
Dugin and Malofeev, who's also under US sanctions for supporting the revolt in Ukraine, started Tsargrad, an old name for Constantinople, in 2015 and the TV channel now has some 20 million viewers. It was the only major station to carry a speech former Trump adviser Carter Page gave in Moscow last year.
Pekin said Dugin introduced Malofeev as Putin's “right-hand man,” and the Turks came to learn the financier really can “knock on Putin's door.”
“That's how the trip became effective,” Pekin said. “We knew what we said went directly to Putin.”
Dugin himself describes the trip in great detail here:
Pekin has also consistently flowed information through an established back channel for the Turkish-Russian-Syrian governments to coordinate the movement of assets in Syria.
Despite all of the under-the-table multi-national information sharing, Pekin's most troubling tie is to the Russian man named Aleksandr Dugin. The two have become very close through multiple interactions over the past 18 months. In May of 2016, Pekin was asked by the current Turkish government to invite Dugin to Ankara. Dugin returned to Ankara in August, meeting with the offices of the President and Prime Minister. The following week, Putin and Erdoğan held a summit in St. Petersburg, marking the full restoration of relations between the two nations.
Aleksandr Dugin has been called “Putin's Rasputin” and “Putin's Brain”. Dugin has called for a genocide of Ukrainians, and proudly props up conspiracy theories such as the United States being responsible for the attempted coup in Turkey. The far-right ideologue has made a career out of espousing his love for Fascism and, specifically, Vladimir Putin. In 2007 he was quoted as saying,
With all of these back-channel communications, it is baffling that the Flynn Intel Group allowed this cooperation to happen. Given the risks of associating with controversial, anti-American and pro-Fascist people, Flynn's connection left him vulnerable to criticism. These same connections, however, allowed Flynn to potentially pursue a valuable resource: Russian information and support.
The chair of Pekin's political party The Homeland Party (for which Pekin is the vice-chair) is a man named Dogu Perincek.
Pekin, left, and Perincek, center.
Perincek has an arguably even closer relationship to Dugin. The two men bond over their American hatred; Perincek has gloated over the weakening influence of American forces in Turkey by saying, “A large share of America's power in the military and the police has been crushed.” The men have traveled to each other's country several times in official and unofficial capacities.
Emma Cline's "The Girls" instantly cemented her as a literary darling.
The sixties-infused fiction is both an intimate portrayal of girlhood, and a brutal examination of the murderous women in Charles Manson's "family." The novel focuses on Evie, a vulnerable teen, who gets ensnared in a dangerous cult with a charismatic leader.
But the truth behind Cline's work is stranger — and certainly more chilling — than fiction. It's unclear how many cults currently operate worldwide, but research suggests 70% of global cult members are women.
These dangerous, typically patriarchal sects function and feed on fear. Cults convince members that the center figure is divine, special, or the only person who can save them.
"Members are typically taught stopping techniques to block out any doubts in their mind," cult survivor turned counselor Steven Hassan told Revelist. "[They're told], 'If you ever want to leave the group, terrible things are going to happen...your life's going to go to hell, you're going to be possessed by demons, you're going to get hit by a car."
There's no concrete evidence that explains why women are more likely to get involved in cults. Though people of all genders suffer abuse in these groups, women are often sexually abused, and even molested as girls.
Revelist spoke to three women who survived the mental and emotional torture of cults. These are their stories:
It's a sort of Holy Grail in the 3D printing community; a machine light, small and safe enough for consumers that can create metal objects on the desktop, and one project is now seeking funds for their process to do just that.
Metal clay is a crafting medium which consists of tiny particles of metal such as silver, gold, bronze, or copper which are mixed with an organic binder and water. Generally used to create jewelry, beads and small sculptures, the process originated in Japan in 1990.
Metal clay can be shaped just like any soft clay. After the finished object is dried, the clay can be fired in a kiln or even using a handheld gas torch or gas stove. When heated in a kiln at between 600˚C and 900˚C, the heat burns away the binding material and leaves a pure, sintered metal.
David Hartkop and Ben Aiken's Mini Metal Maker uses metal clay to replace the entire wax-casting or lost-wax process ordinarily needed to make such small metal objects. The Mini Metal Maker prints 3D objects from digital files – directly in precious metal clay rather than in plastic – and once the item is fired in a kiln the finished product is a solid metal object of high purity and precision.
"The Mini Metal Maker will add new capability for the DIY inventor or artist by making fabrication in metal easy and direct," Hartkop says. "It'll be a boon for anyone interested in creating their own gears, miniature mechanisms or printing detailed jewelry or metal ornaments. It's built around the concept of using the minimum number of parts, reducing the cost to produce."
Hartkop plans to use any funds he raises through his Indiegogo campaign to prepare his working prototype as a mass-produced product. He says they've already demonstrated the concept and created a prototype Mini Metal Maker in his shop, and it runs on the open-source software used by the RepRap community driven by off-the-shelf, high-precision stepper motors.
The Mini Metal Maker works with five different clay types: copper, bronze, steel, silver and gold. The high-pressure extruder design boasts a reliable extrusion trace at around 0.5mm but Hartkop believes this can be reduced to 200 microns. The print bed currently allows for prints up to 2.3 inches x 2.3 inches x 2.3 inches, and the movement resolution is up to 1600 steps/mm.
You can get the Mini Metal Maker in kit form for $250, or a fully-assembled version for a commitment of $1500.
Check out the Mini Metal Maker Indiegogo campaign here...
THAT GIRL BISHOP
You will hear her name more and more. Bishop Briggs, the girl that makes you feel something with every song she sings. Her first EP, simply titled Bishop Briggs EP is easily one of the best albums of the year (I know it's only June).
She has one of those powerful voices that doesn't even need music behind it. This is what makes the production by Mark Jackson and Ian Scott so brilliant. The music complements her voice and enhances the mood of each song while always letting her voice be the star. It's always best to keep things simple, which the producer duo has done with Bishop Briggs, but it's extremely difficult to pull off. Sometimes resorting to percussive hits rather than a clutter of sounds, the music amplifies the dark nuances of each track and turns it into an experience. An experience many of us have clearly connected to.
We caught up with Bishop Briggs during this year's Firefly Music Festival where she totally crushed 2 performances, one of them on the festival's main stage, the Firefly Stage.
BISHOP BRIGGS INTERVIEW
BISHOP BRIGGS: Wow, that's a really nice tattoo!
[Points at my sleeve]
SONIC HIGHLARK: Oh thanks! I was actually about to ask you what else you are into besides music.
BISHOP BRIGGS: I will say I've been on a little bit of a tattoo kick as of late. I don't know if it's a good or bad thing. It's definitely bad for my bank account, but there is something very relaxing about getting tattoos. I don't know if you feel that as well?
SONIC: For me, I'm always saying “It hurts why do I do this to myself.”
BISHOP BRIGGS: But now you have everyone complimenting you!
SONIC: Yeah, it's worth it in the end. Any ideas about your next tattoo?
BISHOP BRIGGS: There's always some sort of creature on my mind. But right now I have so many pairs of eyes on my arm, so I'm not sure.
SONIC: There's a lot of crazy stuff going on in the world. Do you think there is something we can all do to help turn things around?
BISHOP BRIGGS: It's tough, we are in a really interesting day and age. I think one of the best things that's happening right now is that we are all trying to communicate and come up with solutions. It doesn't necessarily mean it's going well, but the hope is that it's going towards that direction.
SONIC: Yeah, and I think making connections help, like your music does for example. So people only see the success part but there's a lot of hard work and failure that goes into following your passion. Do you remember a time when you felt really down about what you are doing, and how did you come out of that?
BISHOP BRIGGS: I think in any field but the creative field and perhaps the entrepreneurial field, you have to be your own biggest believer. There's something very hard about that because you have to constantly convince everyone around you that you are worth their time and energy. I guess what I did was always pressed refresh every evening, and in the morning it's as if it didn't happen (laughs). So if I had a tough day or if things got me down, I knew that it will only continue if I believed that it would. I think if you go into it with the mentality that this is the only thing you've ever wanted, that this is your sole purpose and you have that tunnel vision, there is something very powerful about that.
SONIC: That's very true. As a photographer and building this magazine from the ground up I can relate to that. There are a lot of great things happening for you lately but can you tell me about a particular moment where you felt like something was finally happening to you and your music?
BISHOP BRIGGS: I always feel like I have something to prove. Even if everyone is wearing our merch I probably won't believe they're there to see me (laughs). So I definitely have to deal with that, but the only turning point I can really think of is during my first session with Mark Jackson and Ian Brendon Scott who are the producers behind my music. I sat in my car and listened to a voice memo that I had from our first session which was a song called “River.” In that moment, I just thought even if no one hears this I feel so fulfilled because it was the first time I actually felt like myself in my music and in my writing. I've been writing for so many years but it wasn't until I started working with them that I felt like I was authentically myself. It didn't necessary mean anything but I felt that it was something that can potentially become…. something.
SONIC: That's great! I caught your performance yesterday and I remember you saying on stage “Firefly! I hear you singing!” How does it feel to hear all these people singing your songs?
BISHOP BRIGGS: I have no chill. It's so funny because when I'm singing the music I feel so upset and angry and I think of every single second of when I wrote that and all the experience and memories but when the song ends I'm like “Wow, this is incredible. I'm so thankful to be here.” So it's two completely different sides. But it's the most insane thing, I don't think it'll ever get old.
SONIC: So what does a day off look like for you?
BISHOP BRIGGS: They are few and far between, and I don't remember the last time I had a day off but maybe…. sitting in my room with all the lights out, playing Sims for 11 hours and drinking bottles of coconut water. That is honestly what I would do, just saying that I'm thinking “Wow that sounds amazing!”
SONIC: You mentioned Sims, I was going to ask you if you had any nerdy secrets.
BISHOP BRIGGS: Is that nerdy? Because someone else told me that it is, so I think I'm going to tell less people about the Sims (laughs), because I had no idea.
SONIC: It's all good, nerdy is cool! You have lived in many different parts of the world, do you think that goes into your sense of fashion?
BISHOP BRIGGS: I mean I hope so. I think sometimes your fashion style and fashion sense is a combination of everything you grew up with meshed into one. I wear whatever makes me feel most comfortable. As you saw I do run around a lot on stage so I always have to have sneakers that can handle that.
SONIC: Since it's so hot here (Firefly Music Festival), I did think to myself “Is she ever going to take that jacket off?”
BISHOP BRIGGS: (laughing) It was a black jacket. I don't even think about the heat when I'm singing and honestly, I didn't come here (Firefly) to complain, I came here to do music so if I get to do that, and the fact that we were even on that stage (Firefly Stage, main stage at the festival) is insane and it almost makes no sense. We were the most up and coming act to be on that stage and I am so appreciative that we were. I was trying to just take in every second.. and I was also very nervous.
SONIC: Really? You didn't seem nervous at all.
BISHOP BRIGGS: No? Ok good.
SONIC: In that regard do you check on yourself on social media or the internet to see how you're doing? Search #bishopbriggs for example?
BISHOP BRIGGS: I love typing in the hashtags so I can see people's dance videos, and artwork, they just blow me away, I comment on them. I am definitely someone that creeps on them, I'm always sifting through Twitter, I'm always sifting through Instagram, for sure.
SONIC: Social media is an important part of any artist or brand, but some people get frustrated having to post everyday but some people love it. How is it for you?
BISHOP BRIGGS: I think people get frustrated with it because they don't realize its part of the job. There are some people that have a distance with it but I'm not that person. From day one I've always seen it as a way to connect with people. You give away a little bit of your privacy. Maybe one day it will be a lot of your privacy, but I think it's just a part of this.
SONIC: You're in the middle of a huge year, new EP, Coachella, SXSW, now here we are at Firefly, what can we expect from you in the near future? More music hopefully?
BISHOP BRIGGS: We just released our first EP (Bishop Briggs EP) and finished our first headlining tour, so there's been a lot of firsts. We also had the opportunity to work with Cold War Kids! Insane! I still don't know how to handle that so I am just going to bring it up all the time. But what you can expect is more music, more festivals (Panorama, Lollapalooza), we're writing everyday and recording all the time, so you just have to stay tuned!
[ + ] BISHOP BRIGGS
[Official] [Twitter] [Instagram] [Facebook] [SoundCloud] [VEVO]
It has been over 24 hours since the announcement of Halo 5: Guardians, a new Halo game from 343 Industries releasing in 2015. With yesterday's new information about the game, I thought it'd be cool to compile a list of “What We Know So Far” for Halo 5: Guardians.
The Continuation of Master Chief's Storyline
Halo 4 has come and gone and we all have our opinions on it, but either way, that was the most recent chapter in the Master Chief storyline. With Halo: Spartan Assault releasing last year and Halo 2: Anniversary rumored to be 2014's Halo title, Halo 5: Guardians will be the next game to continue the storyline of Master Chief.
While we simply don't have any idea of where the story will be going, we can only assume that Master Chief has gone rogue, and is being hunted by a fellow Spartan.
The Spartan is a New Character
On the current cover of Halo 5: Guardians, we get a glimpse at a brand-new Spartan. While many have speculated that this new character is female, that is simply not the case.
Josh Holmes, Executive Producer at 343 Industries took to Twitter to confirm that the Spartan seen on the cover of Halo 5: Guardians is a NEW character, and not the previously speculated Sarah Palmer. Palmer was introduced in Halo 4's Campaign and made infamously popular in Spartan Ops Season 1.
While most of us probably haven't ever seen a male with those hips, let alone a Spartan, it is indeed not female.
The Spartan is with the Office of Naval Intelligence
In the cover art for Halo 5: Guardians, zooming in on the new Spartan's armor will reveal an Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI) logo.
The Office of Naval Intelligence are known for being sneaky and unlawful people within the Halo Universe. For those who are familiar with Doctor Halsey, they are the ones keeping her prisoner during Halo 4's events and eventually give the orders for her to be assassinated during the events of Spartan Ops.
While we don't know ONI's motives, or why they have a Spartan marked with an ONI logo, it is safe to say it can't be good news.
Halo 5: Guardians is being built on a new engine
Every Halo game to date (minus Halo Wars and Halo: Spartan Assault) has built upon the engine of the prior Halo game with heavy modifications to ensure the game feels fresh and new. However, Franchise Development Director – Frank O' Connor has confirmed that Halo 5: Guardians is being built on a new engine, with numerous pieces of code from the previous engine being included.
“But we're not just making a new game in that three-year span, we're also making a new engine.”
While we have yet to see any in-game footage or screenshots from Halo 5: Guardians yet, expect it to look absolutely amazing.
60 Frames Per Seconds and Dedicated Servers
On the topic of a new engine, last year at E3 when Bonnie Ross – Studio Head at 343 Industries took to the stage after the Halo Xbox One CG trailer. After the announcement, she confirmed that Halo Xbox One will not only have 60 Frames Per Second, but feature dedicated servers.
Frank O' Connor also said this in his recent blog post on Halo Waypoint.
“Bonnie also called out 60fps and dedicated servers last year – attractive, desirable, and possibly expected upgrades to the Halo experience. After all, we won't be the first 60fps shooter out there. That said, these must-haves are not necessarily easy to achieve.”
The teaser shown at E3 2013 was clearly for Halo 5: Guardians but was also talking about the Halo game coming in 2014. Whether that be Halo 2: Anniversary or something else – expect it utilize dedicated servers and run at 60 FPS.
The Box Art is NOT Final
Yesterday's news revealed the box art for Halo 5: Guardians. While it is indeed interesting, Frank O' Connor confirmed on NeoGAF that the box art shown is not final, and is subject to change before the games launch in 2015.
“That's vis id, not boxart. Boxart will look different one way or another. It might use that thematic, it might not.”
For those upset with how the box art looks and how it doesn't make Master Chief look like the star, don't worry, it will change eventually.
The Battle Rifle & Assault Rifle are shown
While it may be pretty obvious, some of you may have missed it. The box art for Halo 5: Guardians shows the Master Chief holding an Assault Rifle and the new mystery Spartan holding a Battle Rifle.
With both weapons being fan-favorites throughout the franchise, it's great to see both making returns in Halo 5: Guardians.
So that's the story so far. With Halo 5: Guardians releasing in 2015, it will be awhile before we get any more new information about the game.
What are your thoughts on this? Think we missed anything? Excited for Halo 5: Guardians? Let us know on our forums!
I don't own Mass Effect. I am not EA or BioWare.
Hi there! Thanks for stopping by a reading. The Steward is part of the Corsair Saga, which are both placed within Katkiller-V's Another Realm Universe and proceeds with his blessing. Thank you for reading (again) and thanks Katkiller-V for allowing me to open up some room here in your ARU.
Prologue
09-13-2176
Providence Base - SA, Providence, Rhode Island, United North American States, Earth
An overcast sky was doing wonders to drop the temperature across the grounds of Providence Base. Every now and then a breeze would blow in trace smells from Narragansett Bay though those were quite muted thanks to the abundance of trees surrounding the base. For most of the System Alliance personnel at Providence Base, it was really a pleasant, autumn day.
Except for the fact that Deckard Russell was currently receiving yet another concentrated fusillade from his recruitment class drill instructor.
"-told you maggots just twenty minutes ago I would personally be inspecting each and every one of your canteen's, did I not A1 Russell!?"
"Of course you did, Gunny!" Deckard blurted out as had been drilled into him the first day, nigh, the first hour since he had arrived by bus with the rest of his fellow A1's just three days ago. The 30 recruits were A1's, the lowest of the lows in the Systems Alliance military structure. They were young, dumb, and full of...ambition. The clay that had yet to be molded into something the SA could actually use against the rest of the galaxy. But Deckard Russell had wanted this life, far better than the life he was living back in Fredericksburg, Virginia. That's what his 16 year old brain told him at lea-
"Goddammit Russell!" Gunnery Chief Mark Matthews' explosion snapped him out of his thoughts. "What the hell are you doing?! Just wandering around in your head thinking of your mama's farm while you prance through the fields with a goddamn unicorn?"
"No, Gunny!" Unicorn?
"Then drop and give me 25!"
Deckard jerked his head in a nod and began to do the necessary amount of pushups as Gunny moved on to the next recruit in his squad. As he was halfway through his 25 count his bunkmate came prone next to him to start his own twenty-five pushups since, he too, had taken some water during their grueling two hour march and run around the base.
Dario Marmont wasn't a bad guy to have as a bunkmate. Respectful, good-humored, if a bit of a country boy. Still, Deckard liked him since Dario reminded him of some of his friends back in Fredericksburg. They were both 16, the legal age a citizen of Earth could sign up for the Systems Alliance Armed Services (with their parents consent), and both had joined after the shitshow that was the Skyllian Blitz. He didn't know the exact reason Dario had joined but if he had to put 50 credits on it, that reason couldn't have been too far from his own.
Deckard finally finished, his arms aching from the constant exercise and conditioning as Gunny Matthews reached the end of the recruits in his company. Walking to the front and center of the formation, Gunny paused before calling everyone to attention.
"Alright you damn lilies! I have been through enough of your shit for the past two days to pick out some leadership potential out of the pile of damn rose petals in front of me."
Why can't he just pick a damn flower analogy? Deckard thought before his drill instructor began calling out the five-person squad names they had all received the night of their arrival. He went through each of the squads, starting with Alfa, and began choosing a squad leader. Deckard and Dario were in Echo Squad, the last squad. And somehow, in his 16 year old brain, Deckard thought this was a stigma for all recruiting companies, to be the last squad. The look on Chief Matthews' face all but confirmed such a stigma for Deckard. He had to stop himself from taking in a gulp of air; he knew the man would notice.
"And you five. Echo squad," the name spoke with a little bit of vitriol. "Hard to say who has leadership potential thanks to your piss poor aptitude tests and evaluation results. But the Camp Commandant told me I needed to pick one of your sorry asses. A1 Wilmot!" Matthews barked.
A slim girl with very little muscle on her frame took her own gulp of air after the Gunnery Chief called her out. She was all of 5'6" and constantly lagged behind the other recruits during their exercises. And now SHE'S going to be leading us? Deckard derisively thought.
"Front and center, Wilmot!" The girl ran to stand with the other four squad leaders in front of the recruit company. Once she was settled in line, Matthews continued. "You five recruits will now be responsible for the wellbeing of your squad. If one of your squad members is shirking duties, whacked out on drugs, becomes a detriment to your squad, or equally causes your squad to fall behind in the coming weeks, it is your goddamned responsibility to kick them in their ass and get them into line. If you fail to curtail such behavior and I notice ANY conduct issues," his voice became almost unnaturally quiet from his normal treble, "then I will personally bring unto your squad the most vivid living hell that any human, asari, turian, or goddamned KROGAN has ever imagined! Do I make myself clear?"
"Yes, Gunny!" answered all five squad leaders.
"Then welcome to the rank of A2, squad leaders. To your squads...dismissed!" The five ran back to their positions in the formation as fast as they could. "I hope everyone liked my little pep talk to your squad leaders. They are now in charge of you. While I still hold the right to tell you when to sleep and when to eat, your squad leaders are in command. Yribarren! Do I make myself understood?" A quiet but quick Yes, Gunny rose up from the other side of the company. "Good, good. Squad leaders, take charge of your squads, break formation for chow...dismissed!"
"Echo Squad!" Camille Wilmot's voice called out in chorus with the other squad leaders of the company. "Form up in one rank, march!" She was getting ready to give another command before Dario spoke up.
"Cami, how does it feel?"
"Dario, shut up, we'll talk back at the barracks." The boy nodded to Camille and she took a breath to give the order before another member of the squad spoke up.
"Seriously Cami, already lording it over us?" Desire Jones spoke up from the middle of the line facing Camille. The frustration on Camille's face was evident as it started to turn read and her eyes narrowed.
"Shut up, Dee. We all know Gunny is watching us. And," an exasperated sound left her throat. "Damn, now we're the last squad here." She clenched her fists at her side. "Echo squad, by the left flank, march!" The squad left the area with Matthews' eyes burning daggers into their collective backs.
They arrived at their barracks with 45 minutes left to eat. As they cleaned themselves up from the morning's conditioning run, their new squad leader started in on them.
"Echo, what the hell was that crap? I'm trying to get our asses back here so we can get some chow and you start asking 50 questions."
"I thought it was only two questions?" Paulo Fraser asked. He was every bit the model soldier in appearance. Thickly built, 6 feet 4 inches of pure genetic perfection. No doubt his parents had money as all of the physical genetic augmentations were present that were legal in Citadel space. But even in two short days the others had taken note, this boy wasn't in Echo squad for nothing.
Camille glanced at Deckard as he tugged a new shirt on and he gave her a move along motion with his hand. "Umm, right Paulo, only two questions. The point is that Gunny obviously has a hard-on for making our lives miserable. As he said, none of us passed our tests with flying colors. So now we're stuck together or we all wash out."
"With Queen Precious over us." Desire interjected.
"See, Dee, that's part of the problem. I didn't ask to be squad leader, so stop already trying to tear me down. We get it, you appointed yourself as de facto leader of Echo yesterday. But tough shit, too bad for you, Gunny called my name. So get over it and let's get some chow."
Dee was about to say something before Deckard stepped in. "Alright, alright. We get it Cami." He began to shoo everyone towards the door. "Let's fight about this when we actually have downtime. Right now, I know that the men would like some food before Gunny's next test of our lack of physical prowess."
"Speak for yourself, hayseed." Paulo said as he walked out the door, leaving the others to catch up. Dario just gave a comforting pat on Deckard's back and muttered something about northern inbreeding as they followed in the big man's wake.
"Men?" Dee said as she came up behind Deckard. "Shit kid, I've seen things in my life that gave me more balls than you were born with."
"Don't take this too harsh Deckard," Camille said next. "But fuck off. Worry about your own problems."
Deckard stopped and stood along the path, shaking his head. Thoughts were already going through his head about how this was nothing like the recruiters said it would be and more like high school back home. Yet another reason why I graduated early and left that town. He brooded a few moments more before realizing he was the only recruit in his company that wasn't in the mess hall yet and hurried to catch up and get at least something into his stomach.
Thanks for reading! Feedback is appreciated as I write this fanfic. I'll respond to them as best as I can. If you have never read Katkiller-V's Another Realm series, you may want to read Another Realm I and II so that you can understand what is going on. But, it is not required for this story. Don't forget to Follow and Fav this work if you want to be informed when I get more written.
A month ago we had a brief look at the new Stevens Super Prestige Disc cyclocross bikes of the BKCP Powerplus cyclocross team that the team switched to in 2015 from Colnago.
Mathieu van der Poel's camouflage and Dutch national colors-painted model certainly caught the most eyeballs. Since that debut, Mathie van der Poel has made a habit of winning top-level races, and we've now had three different looks at his winning-ride from the 2015 Cyclocross World Championships, brought to you in our slideshow of his Leuven, Hoogerheide and Worlds-winning bike. Betting on the second-generation cyclocrosser seems to be a smart bet, as he's won a rainbow jersey in three of his four attempts.
Although van der Poel's camo Sniper-themed bike features a slew of sponsor Shimano and PRO components, it strays a bit from conventional wisdom in that many top cyclocrossers opt for alloy cockpit components, van der Poel pretty much opts for carbon wherever possible. He doesn't, however, always pick the latest generation of components. See the full profile below, and don't miss our growing list of winning bike profiles here.
Immediately after he was drafted in the fourth round by the San Francisco 49ers, running back Marcus Lattimore predicted that he would be back in pads within three to four months.
Two weeks later, Lattimore allowed that he would be willing to sit out his entire rookie season if that is the course recommended by the 49ers.
Lattimore now says he could suit up "without question" if he had to, but concedes he wouldn't be at peak form. Ten months removed from tearing three ligaments and dislocating his right knee, Lattimore acknowledges that he will almost certainly open the season on the reserve/physically unable to perform list.
"My best-case scenario is in Week 10, something like that," Lattimore told Sam Farmer of The Los Angeles Times. "I get out there and will be full speed and ready to go."
If that's Lattimore's best-case scenario, it won't take a worst-case scenario to keep him on the PUP list for the entirety of the season.
Camp coverage on NFL Network Watch "Inside Training Camp" this week from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET on NFL Network.
» Complete training camp coverage
Any contribution the 49ers get from Lattimore this season is a bonus. They acquired the rights to the 2013 NFL Draft's most intriguing wild card through a mid-round selection that originally wasn't even theirs.
In an ideal situation, Lattimore will have recovered enough to take the reins when Frank Gore's contract expires after the 2014 season.
The Around The League Podcast is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
Barring any patent hiccups, HTC's One X smartphone will land in the U.S., but not before going through a customs review.
Hey, are you excited about the launch of HTC's One X and want to purchase one? Tough cookies if you live the U.S.. Sales of the new phone are being held up because of a required customs review after HTC was on the losing end of a patent dispute with Apple last year. The same thing applies to HTC's EVO 4G LTE smartphone; it's also delayed. Isn't patent law fun?According to a Reuters report. HTC confirmed the crummy news, saying recently"the U.S. availability of the HTC One X and HTC EVO 4G LTE have been delayed due to a standard U.S. customs review of shipments that is required after an International Trade Commission exclusion order."At the heart of the issue is that patent law oftentimes hurts consumers as companies squabble over their IP portfolios, though that's us being cynical. More specifically, in this case the issue has to do with Apple winning a patent lawsuit against HTC in December. Phones that use the technology covered by said patent are banned from being sold in the U.S., and while HTC claims to have a workaround that wouldn't run afoul of Apple's IP, new phone shipments must be thoroughly reviewed by customs before they're allowed to land on U.S. shores.
At first glance, there's little evidence of the sensitive deals being hammered out in the Market Operations department of Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank. The open-plan office on the fifth floor of its headquarters building, where about a dozen employees are staring at their computer screens, is reminiscent of the simple set for the TV series "The Office". There are white file cabinets and desks with wooden edges, there is a poster on the wall of football team Bayern Munich, and some prankster has attached a pink rubber pig to the ceiling by its feet.
The only hint that these employees are sometimes moving billions of euros with the click of a mouse is the security door that restricts access to the room. They trade in foreign currencies and bonds, an activity they used to perform primarily for the German government or public pension funds. Now they also often do it for the European Central Bank (ECB) and its so-called "unconventional measures."
Those measures seem to be coming on an almost monthly basis these days. First, there were the ultra low-interest rates, followed by new four-year loans for banks and the ECB's buying program for bonds and asset backed securities -- measures that are intended to make it easier for banks to lend money. As one Bundesbank trader puts it, they now have "a lot more to do."
A Heated Dispute
Ironically, his boss, Bundesbank President Jens Weidmann, is opposed to most of these costly programs. They're the reason he and ECB President Mario Draghi are now completely at odds. Even with the latest approved measures not even implemented in full yet, experts at the ECB headquarters a few kilometers away are already devising the next monetary policy experiment: a large-scale bond buying program known among central bankers as quantitative easing.
The aim of the program is to push up the rate of inflation, which, at 0.4 percent, is currently well below the target rate of close to 2 percent. Central bankers will discuss the problem again this week.
It is a fundamental dispute that is becoming increasingly heated. Some view bond purchases as unavoidable, as the euro zone could otherwise slide into dangerous deflation, in which prices steadily decline and both households and businesses cut back their spending. Others warn against a violation of the ECB principle, which prohibits funding government debt by printing money.
Is it important that the ECB adhere to tried-and-true principles in the crisis, as Weidmann argues? Or can it resort to unusual measures in an emergency situation, as Draghi is demanding?
A Mixed Record in Japan and the US
The key issues are the wording of the European treaties, the deep divide in the ECB Governing Council and, not least, the question of what monetary policy can achieve in a crisis. Is a massive bond-buying program the right tool to inject new vitality into the economy? Or does it turn central bankers into the accomplices of politicians unwilling to institute reforms?
The question has been on the minds of monetary watchdogs and politicians since the 1990s, when a German economist working in Tokyo invented the term "quantitative easing." Its purpose was to help former economic miracle Japan pull itself out of crisis after a market crash.
The core idea behind the concept is still the same today: When a central bank has used up its classic toolbox and has reduced the prime rate to almost zero, it has to resort to other methods to stimulate the economy. To inject more money into the economy, it can buy debt from banks or bonds from companies and the government.
The Bank of Japan finally began to implement the concept, between 2001 and 2006, but the country sank into years of deflation nonetheless. After the financial crisis erupted, central bankers in Tokyo tried a second time to acquire government bonds on a large scale, in the hope that earlier programs had simply not been sufficiently forceful. Between 2011 and 2012, the central bank launched emergency bond-buying programs worth 900 billion ($1.125 trillion). Finally, in 2013, the new prime minister, Shinzo Abe, opened up the money supply completely when he had the central bank announce a virtually unlimited bond buying program.
A Higher Debt-to-GDP Ratio than Greece
But the strategy, known as "Abenomics," worked only briefly. After a high in 2013, in which Abe proudly proclaimed that Japan was "back," industrial production declined once again. With a debt-to-GDP ratio of 240 percent, much higher than that of Greece, investments declined again, despite the flood of money released under Abenomics.
Businesses and private households were simply too far in debt to borrow even more, no matter how cheap the monetary watchdogs had made it. The banks, for their part, still failed to purge all bad loans from their books, because the central bank was keeping them artificially afloat. "For decades, the Japanese government did not institute the necessary structural reforms," says Michael Heise, chief economist at German insurance giant Allianz.
Ben Bernanke, the former chairman of the US Federal Reserve, demonstrated that under different circumstances quantitative easing could indeed work. After the collapse of investment bank Lehman Brothers, Bernanke, a monetary theorist, spent close to $1.5 trillion to buy up mortgage loans, corporate bonds and US Treasury bonds.
A second program was launched in 2010, followed by a third in 2012. This time the Fed decided that the program would continue until unemployment had declined to 7 percent. Bernanke's successor, Janet Yellen, only put an end to the latest round of quantitative easing last week.
During this period, the Fed, through its emergency measures, has inflated its balance sheet by about $1 trillion to $4.5 trillion, and the economy is now falling into step once again. Unemployment has dropped from 10 to 6 percent, and the annualized growth rate in the third quarter was 3.5 percent. Many observers believe that this alone proves that Bernanke's mega-experiment was a success.
Relatively strong consensus only exists over the fact that the Fed, with its massive intervention, quickly returned many credit markets to normality after the crisis erupted by buying up securities that suddenly no one else wanted. But have the quantitative easing programs also stimulated the economy in the long term?
In a study, the Fed itself concludes that its programs reduced the unemployment rate by 1.5 percent in 2012. Other studies found that long-term interest rates on government and corporate bonds declined significantly as a result of the Fed's buying spree. Still others question the efficacy of the programs, especially more recently.
So who's right? "It's nearly impossible to measure that," says Clemens Fuest, president of the Center for European Economic Research, "if only because we don't know what would have happened without the programs."
Strong Side Effects
The lack of certainty has led many economists to believe that the effects of the bond buying programs were not all positive. On the contrary, the longer the central bank pumps up the markets with its injections of liquidity, they warn, the stronger the policy's side effects get. Because yields on many investments declined along with borrowing rates, more and more market players ignored the risks associated with many halfway lucrative business opportunities.
In Europe, for example, bond traders and other investors began buying up Greek, Spanish and Italian government bonds after the debt crisis had subsided, so that some of the former crisis-ridden countries are now paying even lower interest rates on new borrowing than before. Meanwhile, in the United States, corporate debt securities known as junk bonds became the latest trendy investment.
Junk bonds come with an enormous risk of default, but they are also considered very high-yield investments. The market blossomed, at least until recently. But what this means for the US economy may not become apparent for several years. More than $700 billion in junk bonds will mature by 2018, and "a large number of companies will suddenly have great trouble finding follow-up financing," warns Allianz economist Heise.
On the global exchanges, the mood among investors was long delirious. In June, the Bank for International Settlements, an international organization of central banks, noted a "puzzling disconnect" between the boom and actual economic developments. Because debt has also been growing worldwide, the financial system is, in a certain sense, even more fragile than before the crisis, said Jaime Caruana, the bank's general manager.
Whether this is true could become apparent in the next few weeks. Once the Fed has stopped its ongoing injection of liquidity into the economy, many observers fear severe withdrawal symptoms in markets and exchanges.
Washington (CNN) A bipartisan group of more than 70 former federal prosecutors -- including 50 who served in Republican administrations -- issued a harshly worded statement Tuesday in support of former acting Attorney General Sally Yates.
President Donald Trump dramatically fired Yates Monday night for "refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States," the White House said
"(Yates) has betrayed the Department of Justice," the White House statement said.
The former prosecutors also said they could not have defended Trump's order had they been asked to do so.
"Struck by one stunning headline after another, we stopped to think: If we were called upon to defend the executive order, could we do it within the guidelines we learned and lived by as lawyers for the United States? We could not," the letter said.
Acting Attorney General Yates was right to refuse to do so. If her successor wishes to follow in the finest traditions of the Justice Department, he will reverse course and do the same," it added.
Yates had sent a letter to Justice Department lawyers saying her job was to ensure their position was "not only legally defensible, but is informed by our best view of what the law is after consideration of all the facts."
"In addition, I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution's solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right," she added.
Trump's executive order, signed Friday, bars citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States for the next 90 days, suspends the admission of all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely suspends the Syrian refugee program. Yates' decision came amid a flood of protests against the executive order nationwide and after four federal judges ruled against Trump's order, staying its impact on people who were detained at US airports over the weekend.
The bipartisan group dates back to the 1970's and the signatories also include a number of former assistants to Rudy Giuliani, during his tenure as US attorney for the Southern District of New York.
The former New York City mayor was a long-time Trump campaign adviser.
After Yates told Justice Department lawyers not to defend the travel ban, Trump promptly relieved her of her duties and installed Dana Boente, a US attorney, to serve in the acting capacity until Jeff Sessions, Trump's nominee for the post, is confirmed by the Senate.
Boente, nominated by President Barack Obama in 2015 for US attorney in Virginia, rescinded Yates' directive late Monday, instructing Justice Department lawyers to "defend the lawful orders of our President."
Yates had spent years defending Obama administration policies, championing changes to the criminal justice system and curtailing the federal government's use of private prisons.
In a written statement, Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch lauded Yates, calling her leadership "courageous."
"(Yates) displayed the fierce intellect, unshakeable integrity, and deep commitment to the rule of law," Lynch said.
Eric Holder, Obama's first attorney general, also tweeted his support: "Sally Yates: person of integrity/attorney with great legal skill. Has served this nation with distinction. Her judgment should be trusted."
Here at J.M. Tree Service we are the exclusive owners of an aerial work platform, also known as a tracked lift. The lift is on tracks and is 3'8″ wide and allows us to work up to 82′ high. The advantages of this equipment are as follows: Although we do own and utilize bucket trucks for many jobs, the tracked lift is able to go across open lawns with minimal ground depression. Due to the unit being self propelled and being on tracks it puts down the equivalent ground pressure as a person walking across the lawn. This allows us to get in and out of a job without leaving deep ruts or depressions (like our bucket truck would). The other major advantage of utilizing this piece of equipment is that it ‘s compactness in travel mode (when it is being driven into position) allows us to access trees in an area of a property a bucket truck could never get to. This allows us to operate in not only a safer , but also a more efficient capacity then if we were engaging in climbing operations. This unit can also negotiate up and down as well as side slopes on the property. It can be set up for work on up to a 22 degree incline in any direction. Again, this allows us to utilize the aerial work platform in places a bucket truck would not be useable.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department is considering legal changes to combat what it sees as a rising threat from domestic anti-government extremists, senior officials told Reuters, even as it steps up efforts to stop Islamic State-inspired attacks at home.
The wreckage of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City May 22, 1995 after it was devastated by a bomb. REUTERS
Extremist groups motivated by a range of U.S.-born philosophies present a “clear and present danger,” John Carlin, the Justice Department's chief of national security, told Reuters in an interview. “Based on recent reports and the cases we are seeing, it seems like we're in a heightened environment.”
Over the past year, the Justice Department has brought charges against domestic extremist suspects accused of attempting to bomb U.S. military bases, kill police officers and fire bomb a school and other buildings in a predominantly Muslim town in New York state.
But federal prosecutors tackling domestic extremists still lack an important legal tool they have used extensively in dozens of prosecutions against Islamic State-inspired suspects: a law that prohibits supporting designated terrorist groups.
Carlin and other Justice Department officials declined to say if they would ask Congress for a comparable domestic extremist statute, or comment on what other changes they might pursue to toughen the fight against anti-government extremists.
The U.S. State Department designates international terrorist organizations to which it is illegal to provide “material support.” No domestic groups have that designation, helping to create a disparity in charges faced by international extremist suspects compared to domestic ones.
A Reuters analysis of more than 100 federal cases found that domestic terrorism suspects collectively have faced less severe charges than those accused of acting on behalf of Islamic State since prosecutors began targeting that group in early 2014.
Over the past two years, 27 defendants have been charged with plotting or inciting attacks within the United States in the name of Islamic State. They have faced charges that carried a median prison sentence of 53 years - half of the defendants faced more, and half faced less.
In the same period, 27 adherents of U.S.-based anti-government ideologies have been charged with similar activity. They faced charges that carried a median prison sentence of 20 years.
Carlin said his counter-terrorism team, including a recently hired counsel, is taking a “thoughtful look at the nature and scope of the domestic terrorism threat” and helping to analyze “potential legal improvements and enhancements to better combat those threats.”
The counsel, who was appointed last October and has not been named publicly, will identify cases being prosecuted at the state level that “could arguably meet the federal definition of domestic terrorism,” a Justice Department official said.
That would give the department a direct role in more domestic extremism cases.
Recognizing that domestic threats were “rapidly evolving, and had the potential to grow,” the department in March 2015 rated disrupting such terrorists as a key component of its broader counter-terrorism efforts, officials said.
THE THREAT PENDULUM
The Justice Department aggressively pursued domestic extremists after Timothy McVeigh bombed a federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995, killing 168 people.
The government shifted its focus to international terrorism after al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 Americans on Sept. 11, 2001.
But in recent years anti-government activists, like those who occupied a wildlife preserve in eastern Oregon last month, have regained prominence.
As law enforcement experts confront domestic militia groups, “sovereign citizens” who do not recognize government authority, and other anti-government extremists, they also face a heightened threat from Islamic extremists like the couple who carried out the Dec. 2 shootings in San Bernardino, California.
“A new development we're seeing is that when it comes to ISIL investigations, the flash-to-bang time from radicalization to action appears to be happening faster than with other types of terrorists,” said Michael Steinbach, the head of the FBI's Counterterrorism Division.
As a result, government agents are quick to investigate people who appear sympathetic toward Islamic State, current and former officials say. But some say the government has been overzealous in its pursuit of Islamic State suspects.
Similar actions by extremist suspects have yielded sharply disparate sentences.
Eight Islamic State-related defendants have been sentenced so far, to prison terms that range from three to 20 years, the Reuters review found. Over the same period, 18 domestic extremists have been sentenced to terms from one day to 12 years.
Prosecutors say Harlem Suarez, 23, of Key West, Florida, tried to buy a bomb last year from an undercover FBI agent as he plotted attacks on behalf of Islamic State. He faces a possible sentence of life in prison and has pleaded not guilty.
Michael Sibley, 67, left two unexploded pipe bombs and a Koran in a park in Roswell, Georgia in 2014 in what he later told police was an attempt to highlight the danger of Islamic terrorism. He pleaded guilty and faces a maximum of five years in prison.
“A different standard is being applied to Muslims than to other people,” said Daryl Johnson, a former counterterrorism expert at the Department of Homeland Security who now works as a law enforcement consultant.
“SPRING-LOADED”
Steinbach said that the FBI can never open up any type of investigation “just on the basis of race, creed, or religion,”
But he added that federal agents are “spring-loaded” to open investigations into Americans who support groups on the State Department list of designated terrorist organizations.
The maximum penalty for supporting one of these groups has been raised from 10 years to 20 years in prison since 2001.
It has been applied in 58 of the government's 79 Islamic State cases since 2014 against defendants who engaged in a wide range of activity, from traveling to Syria to fight alongside Islamic State to raising money for a friend who wished to do so.
Judges usually issue sentences below the maximum, but some charges trigger sentencing “enhancements” that raise the baseline sentence a judge can issue – and the material support charge raises it more than most.
Domestic groups enjoy greater constitutional protections because being a member of those groups, no matter how extreme their rhetoric, is not a crime.
Prosecutors can bring “material support” terrorism charges against defendants who aren't linked to groups on the State Department's list, but they have only done so twice against non-jihadist suspects since the law was enacted in 1994. The law, which prohibits supporting people who have been deemed to be terrorists by their actions, carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison.
Current and former federal prosecutors say they rarely consider that statute in domestic terrorism cases because it is often hard to convince a jury that someone who is not affiliated with a foreign group can be guilty of terrorism.
William Wilmoth, a former federal prosecutor who invoked that law in a 1996 case against a West Virginia militia member, said he was surprised to hear that it isn't used more often.
“These guys have every right to have off-center political views,” he said. “But when they made affirmative steps to blow up an actual federal facility... we thought it was an important place for us to go and prosecute.”
Each word in the English language has a strictly defined meaning in the dictionary. Many words have one or two official meanings, while others can be used in numerous ways to describe different situations. “Evil” is an example of a word that has a more ambiguous definition. After all, what one person thinks is evil may not be considered truly evil by another person.
This is an important factor to keep in mind when thinking about the 10 most evil businessmen from modern history. Leaders of businesses large and small have committed acts that can be considered evil time and time again, but only a handful of them have gained the notoriety their crimes deserve. Evil acts from businessmen can range from directly taking a life, sanctioning evil practices that lead to loss of life, or even deceiving employees and the public while defrauding a company of millions of dollars.
The following men have committed acts that made them worthy of inclusion on a list of the Top 10 evil businessmen in modern history. They've been ranked from 10 to one and their crimes range from fraud to the sanctioning of massive loss of life. Without further ado, here are your evil businessmen.
10 Dennis Kozlowski CEO Tyco
Kozlowski's business career appeared to be a brilliant one complete with a rags-to-riches storyline. After growing up on the wrong side of the tracks, Kozlowski eventually rose to the position of CEO with Tyco. Greed and a lack of moral direction led Kozlowski to siphon off $600 million in company funds for his own use. His excesses included $6,000 shower curtains, lavish parties on the company dime (one pictured above), and false bonuses he claimed were given at the direction of the Board of Directors. Kozlowski is serving a term of no less than eight years, with a maximum of 25, in prison. Tyco survived Kozlowski's reign.
9 Richard Scrushy CEO HealthSouth
Richard Scrushy's evil practices while in charge of HealthSouth are almost too numerous to list. He was twice charged with 30 counts each of illegal practices while acting as CEO for HealthSouth. His crimes include authorizing the termination of whistleblowers, bribery, fraudulent accounting practices, extortion, money laundering, and mail fraud among others. Although he managed to avoid jail in 2003 on the first 30 counts, he was later convicted on 30 different charges in 2007 and sentenced to six years and 10 months in prison. HealthSouth survived Scrushy's abuses.
8 Joe Nacchio CEO Qwest Communications
While serving as the CEO of Qwest, Joe Nacchio exhibited a penchant for fabricating the truth to his benefit, and his alone. Nacchio's lies included inflated revenue claims and false reports of nonexistent upcoming government contracts. He also profited illegally from a run-up in Qwest stock prices. Nacchio was slapped with a $19 million fine, ordered to forfeit $52 million made from illegal trading, and sentenced to six years in prison. Nacchio began serving his term in 2009 and Qwest was eventually acquired by CenturyLink Communications.
7 Sanjay Kumar CEO Computer Associates
Kumar was the former CEO of Computer Associates who began defrauding the company before 2000. His relatively simple practices included backdating contracts and even adding a week to accounting periods, known as the “35 day month.” Kumar's crimes might not seem evil, but the extent of his fraud is staggering. Kumar and his accomplices defrauded Computer Associates of $2.2 billion over a period of several years. Kumar was sentenced to 12 years in prison while the company was renamed.
6 Jeffrey Skilling Chairman at Enron Corporation
As a big power player at Enron, Skilling encouraged the questionable accounting tactic known as mark-to-market. It allowed Enron to make overly optimistic values for energy prices by appraising company holdings based upon expected values. Skilling also signed off on the creation of an Enron subsidiary called Chewco, which was little more than a dumping ground for Enron's debt. Skilling was sentenced to 24 years and 4 months in prison. Enron eventually collapsed, taking with it the jobs and life-savings of thousands of employees.
5 Kenneth Lay CEO at Enron Corporation
Lay was Skilling's partner in crime as the two cooked the books at Enron, grossly over valuing the holdings of the company over the course of a number of years. Lay's actions, like those of Skilling, led to the largest bankruptcy in U.S. history when Enron Corporation failed in 2001. Lay's underhanded moves cost 20,000 Enron employees their jobs and numerous life savings accounts that were tied to company stocks.
4 Robert Rubin Chairman at Goldman Sachs
Robert Rubin might be one of the few men who can be directly linked to the 2008 financial collapse that struck the economies of the world. Rubin wriggled his way into the Treasury Secretary position under President Bill Clinton and helped usher in one of the greatest deregulatory eras in U.S. history. Rubin's works, including the end of the Glass-Steagall Law, made it possible for economically essential banks to gamble taxpayer dollars on volatile stock markets. Those actions allowed the formation of CitiGroup and other “too-big-to-fail” banks and financial institutions. Rubin earned $120 million working for Citi while the bank piled up bad investment after bad investment, eventually requiring a $45 billion government bailout.
3 Walton Family Wal-Mart
Sam Walton and his brother founded Wal-Mart in 1962 and today that company is the largest private employer in the world as well as the largest retailer in the world. For all its wealth, an estimated $421 billion, it has an equal number of evil practices attributable to it. Wal-Mart is most often accused of treating employees like a commodity, and no act better proves that than the case of 52 year-old Deborah Shank.
After becoming paralyzed in a collision with a semi, Shank's family was awarded $700,000 in damages. The resulting $417,000 the family received after legal expenses was taken away by Wal-Mart. The company sued Shank for $470,000 because her employment contract stipulated any damages won by an employee were property of the company. This left her family to care for her with only the assistance of Medicaid and Social Security payments.
2 Hermann von Siemens Siemens AG
Hermann von Siemens was the CEO of Siemens during World War II. The atrocities of the business begin before the war however. Siemens was a major player in helping the Nazi party rebuild the German Army, improve infrastructure, and eventually help put in place the mechanisms that drove the Holocaust.
During World War II, with von Siemens in charge, the company's worst acts included operating factories at the infamous concentration camps of Auschwitz and Buchenwald. Jewish slave labor was used in both factories to create electrical switches for military use. Those same slave laborers would later meet a grisly end inside of Siemens-built gas chambers operated at both camps.
1 Leopold II, King of the Belgians Head of Congo Free State
Leopold II used the Conference of Berlin in 1884 to acquire the Congo region of Africa. He established a private company under the guise of a nation called the Congo Free State. Leopold exercised full control of the country as head of the private organization and used a private force of soldier, tax collectors, and gangs to gather up the ivory and rubber resources of the region for the sake of profit.
The atrocities of Leopold's forces are too numerous to list. In short, his troops forced locals into slave labor collecting ivory, and later rubber, for the company to sell. Laborers who didn't meet quotas were killed, families of laborers were held as collateral to ensure workers performed up to expectations, and hands were chopped off as proof that under-performers were executed.
At the time Leopold established the Congo Free State, Africa's population was estimated to have been between 90 and 130 million. Under his control, some 10 to 22 million people were murdered. European countries finally forced Leopold to cede the Congo Free State to the government of Belgium in 1908, but Leopold would never answer for his crimes. He died as the wealthiest man in Europe and spent his massive profits on yachts, homes, and teenage prostitutes.
Evil comes in many shades. Some of the men on this list may not seem evil, but is lying, defrauding, and profiting illegal not an evil activity? After all, if an act needs to be lied about and hidden is it a good deed? Other people unquestionably earned their position on this list by sanctioning murder and genocide. This list shows, if nothing else, that evil comes in many forms and a lack of direct connection does not wash an individual's hands of evil activities.
The second round of the Blancpain Endurance Series, held at Silverstone in 10 days' time, sees the arrival of five local British teams to bring up the total number of entries well into the forties. (En Français)
As previously announced, Generation Bentley will field their brand-new Continental GT3 for 2012 British GT4 champion Jody Fannin and the team's regular drivers Steve Tandy and James Appleby.
Alongside their entry in the Spa 24, Beechdean AMR makes another guest appearance in the series with Andrew Howard, Daniel Llyod and Alex MacDowall behind the wheel of the Aston Martin V12 Vantage GT3.
The Vantage GT3 is proving to be a very popular car among the British team, as both Leonard Motorsport AMR and Horse Power Racing have also put their trust in the Prodrive-developed car, with the latter one fielding a car for Paul Bailey and Andy Schulz in the Gentlemen Trophy.
Leonard Motorsport only came into existence at the beginning of the season to compete in the VLN series on the Nürburgring Nordschleife. At Silverstone, regular drivers Stuart Leonard, Paul White will be joined by AMR factory driver Jonny Adam.
Despite announcing on planning to enter a car and having won the race last year with Fred Mako, Darren Turner and Stefan Mücke, AMR will not line up a factory car in the Pro Cup this time.
Triple 888 Racing will bring an extra BMW Z4 GT3 to grid, to be driven by Lee Mowle, Ryan Ratcliffe and Derek Johnston in the Gentlemen Trophy.
The rest of the field shouldn't see any major changes, with the Pro Cup boasting 12 cars and ART GP (McLaren), WRT & Saintéloc Racing (Audi), M-Sport (Bentley) and HTP Motorsport (Mercedes) as the main favorites.
After making a guest start at Monza, Reiter Engineering won't return to the series for the second round, instead focusing on their double entry in the German ADAC GT Masters at the Lauzitsring during the same weekend.
PORTLAND, Ore. – The Portland Timbers today announced their club awards for the 2015 Major League Soccer season. In total, eight major awards were announced as the club recognized achievements, performances and moments from the team's historic 2015 season in which they won their first MLS Cup.
Additionally, the Timbers and Portland Thorns FC announced the recipients of academy and Olympic Development Program (ODP) player and coach awards. The Timbers Community Player of the Year (Adam Kwarasey) and Up-and-Coming Player of the Year (George Fochive) awards originally were presented during the club's Stand Together Banquet in October.
Players' Player of the Year – Diego Chara
Voted on by the players, midfielder Diego Chara was named the 2015 Players' Player of the Year following a campaign that saw him register two goals and one assist in 28 appearances (all starts). Known throughout the league for his tireless and imposing work in the midfield, Chara logged the full 90 minutes in 26 of his 28 regular-season appearances and was named to the MLS Team of the Week for Week 33 of the regular season after tallying a goal in Portland's pivotal, late-season road win against the LA Galaxy. This marks the second time in his five seasons in Portland that Chara has been named Players' Player of the Year (2012).
Supporters' Player of the Year – Diego Chara
Voted on by supporters and presented at the regular-season home finale on Oct. 25, Chara was named the Supporters' Player of the Year for the second time in his five seasons with the Timbers. The hard-working defensive midfielder, who also earned the award in 2012, is a fan favorite for his willingness to put in the dirty work to support the team and has made 146 career MLS appearances for the Timbers since 2011 – which ranks sixth all-time across all eras.
Golden Boot – Fanendo Adi
Forward Fanendo Adi was awarded the Golden Boot as the club's leading goal-scorer in 2015. The striker set a new Timbers MLS-club record mark for goals in a single season, tallying 16 during the regular season and adding two more goals during postseason play for a total of 18 across all competitions. Adi's goal-scoring total ranked seventh among all players in MLS.
Unsung Hero – Nat Borchers
Defender Nat Borchers was named the Timbers' Unsung Hero for the 2015 campaign. In his first season with the team, the center back started 31 matches, tallying an MLS-career-high-tying three goals during the regular season and finishing with a league-best 32 blocks. Borchers played an important role in Portland finishing with a league-high 13 shutouts during the regular season, while also tallying the game-winning goal in a 1-0 win against Real Salt Lake on the road on Aug. 15 at Rio Tinto Stadium in Sandy, Utah.
Play of the Year – Portland Timbers lifting their first MLS Cup vs. Columbus, Dec. 6
The 2015 Timbers' Play of the Year was awarded to the team lifting its first MLS Cup trophy following a 2-1 win against Columbus Crew SC in the league's championship match on Dec. 6 at MAPFRE Stadium in Columbus, Ohio. Midfielder Diego Valeri tallied the go-ahead goal just 27 seconds into the match against Crew SC, while midfielder Rodney Wallace netted the game-winning goal in the seventh minute with a well-placed diving header off assists from Darlington Nagbe and Lucas Melano to give Portland the win. The Timbers utilized a nine-game unbeaten run at the end of the regular season and through the postseason to capture their first league title in just their fifth MLS season, beating FC Dallas (conference championship), Vancouver Whitecaps FC (conference semifinals) and Sporting Kansas City (knockout round) in the playoffs. Portland finished the postseason with a total of nine different goal-scorers, the most of any team in the playoffs. Forward Maximiliano Urruti and Wallace each tallied goals in Portland's dramatic, 7-6 penalty kick win in an MLS-record long 11-rounds of penalty kicks during the Knockout Round. In the conference semifinals, forward Fanendo Adi and midfielder Diego Chara tallied goals in the decisive second leg against Vancouver. Defenders Liam Ridgewell, Nat Borchers and midfielder Dairon Asprilla netted goals in the opening leg of the conference championship against FC Dallas, while Adi and Melano scored goals in the second leg to send Portland to MLS Cup. The Timbers finished the regular-season with an MLS-club record 15 wins and a league-best 13 shutouts, adding two more clean sheets during the postseason.
Defender of the Year – Liam Ridgewell
Defender Liam Ridgewell was awarded the team's Defender of the Year award for a second consecutive season in 2015. Captaining the squad to an MLS Cup title, Ridgewell appeared in 32 games (all starts) during the regular season, helping the Timbers register a league-best 13 clean sheets. The dependable defender also tallied a goal in the postseason, scoring in the first leg of the Western Conference Championship series against FC Dallas at Providence Park on Nov. 22.
Community Player of the Year – Adam Kwarasey
Goalkeeper Adam Kwarasey was an integral part of the Timbers' efforts in the community during the 2015 season and was named Timbers Community Player of the Year. Taking an active role in the community through the club's Stand Together platform, Kwarasey was engaged and dedicated to making a positive impact in the community as he participated in Stand Together Week with Playworks, worked with Special Olympics Oregon, interacting with athletes participating in the Cascadia Unified Challenge and visited the Children's Cancer Association.
Up-and-Coming Player of the Year – George Fochive
Midfielder George Fochive was named the Timbers Up-and-Coming Player of the Year for 2015. Playing in his second season for the Timbers, Fochive made his MLS regular-season debut, starting in the club's home opener against Real Salt Lake on March 7, logging 86 minutes. During the 2015 season, Fochive played in 11 games (8 starts) in regular-season play. He recorded his first career MLS assists on Oct. 25 in a 4-1 win over Colorado. In addition, Fochive started and played in eight games for T2, scoring four goals in the team's inaugural season.
Timbers U-23s Player of the Year – Todd Wharton
Timbers Academy Player of the Year (2014-15) – Terrell Lowe
Timbers ODP Boys Coach of the Year – Dave Peterson
Timbers ODP Boys Player of the Year – Nico Lopez
Timbers/Thorns FC ODP Girls Coach of the Year – Keith Bleyer
Timbers/Thorns FC ODP Girls Player of the Year – Katie Duong
Timbers Camp Girls Coach of the Year – Rayssa Lira
Timbers Camp Boys Coach of the Year – Max von Rabenau
Portland Timbers Club Award Winners
Players' Player of the Year
2015: Diego Chara
2014: Diego Valeri
2013: Darlington Nagbe
2012: Diego Chara
2011: Jack Jewsbury
Supporters' Player of the Year
2015: Diego Chara
2014: Diego Valeri
2013: Will Johnson
2012: Diego Chara
2011: Troy Perkins
Golden Boot
2015: Fanendo Adi (16 goals)
2014: Diego Valeri (11 goals)
2013: Diego Valeri (10 goals)
2012: Kris Boyd (7 goals)
2011: Kenny Cooper (8 goals)
Unsung Hero
2015: Nat Borchers
2014: Diego Chara
2013: Jack Jewsbury
2012: Eric Alexander
Play of the Year
2015: Timbers lifting MLS Cup Dec. 6 at Columbus
2014: Diego Valeri's volley Sept. 20 vs. Vancouver
2013: Darlington Nagbe's turnaround, game-winning goal June 15 vs. FC Dallas.
2012: Jack Jewsbury's game-winner Oct. 21 at Vancouver
2011: Darlington Nagbe's juggling volley July 2 vs. Sporting KC
Defender of the Year
2015: Liam Ridgewell
2014: Liam Ridgewell
2013: Donovan Ricketts
Community Player of the Year
2015: Adam Kwarasey
2014: Diego Chara
2013: Steven Evans
2012: David Horst
2011: Jake Gleeson
Up-and-Coming Player of the Year
2015: George Fochive
2014: Alvas Powell
2013: Alvas Powell
2012: Brent Richards
2011: Kalif Alhassan
Timbers U-23s Player of the Year
2015: Todd Wharton
2014: Kharlton Belmar
2013: Bryan Gallego
2012: Steven Evans
2011: Brent Richards
Timbers Academy Player of the Year
2015: Terrell Lowe
2014: Jesse Garcia-Aguilar
2013: Foster Langsdorf
Timbers ODP Boys Coach of the Year
2015: Dave Peterson
2014: Brett Jacobs
2013: Sorin Popovici
2012: Oscar Monteblanco
2011: Joe Sottile
Timbers ODP Boys Player of the Year
2015: Nico Lopez
2014: Adrian Villegas
2013: Kevyn Lo
2012: Jose Benavides
2011: Rubio Rubin
Timbers/Thorns FC ODP Girls Coach of the Year
2015: Keith Bleyer
2014: Kevin Plechl
2013: Rochelle Hearns
2012: Janine Sparza
2011: Mac Wilson
Timbers/Thorns FC ODP Girls Player of the Year
2015: Katie Duong
2014: Katie Duong
2013: Sarah Jean Edwards
2012: Adrianna Hudson
2011: Ellie Boon
Timbers Camp Boys Coach of the Year
2015: Max von Rabenau
2014: Luis Silva-Lara
2013: Fabio Rodriguez
2012: Sabi Sudy
Timbers Camp Girls Coach of the Year
2015: Rayssa Lira
Blundering cops in Maine, US, have enriched malware masterminds by paying up to decrypt files held hostage by ransomware.
Four city police departments and a sheriff's office in Lincoln County share a common computer network run by Burgess Computer, which hosts the plods' administrative files.
Then one day the entire system was encrypted by the Megacode ransomware, which scrambles documents and demands Bitcoins to decrypt them.
This sort of malware typically scans computers and networks for documents, generates a random encryption key per file, uses those to encrypt the data, and then encrypts the keys using a public-private key pair. Only the crims have the private key needed to unscramble the documents, and it costs money to obtain that, effectively holding the information to ransom. Victims have a few days to pay up before the private key is deleted forever.
After trying to restore the encrypted files for a couple of days, the police in Maine decided to pay the $300 ransom in Bitcoins.
"Paying a ransom - let's say it goes against the grain," Sheriff Todd Brackett told the Boothbay Register. "We tried to find a way around it, but in the end our IT guys and Burgess recommended just paying the ransom."
The infection kicked off when someone on the police network ran an executable downloaded from the web via a link in an email, it's believed. This installed the malware, which spread to the main server and began encrypting all the data it could find.
"We'll have more virus protection training where we go over how to tell if something might be a virus," Brackett said. "Sometimes, it's hard to tell, but you've got to keep an eye out for some of these documents that people [email] you. Sometimes it can be hard to tell if it contains a virus."
The normal way of dealing with ransomware is a complete disk wipe followed by a reloading of offline backup files, but in this case the backup system hadn't worked properly, so the cops had no choice but to pony up the digital cash.
"No personal data was mined - it looks like they didn't take any information," Brackett said. "We had to pay the ransom, but it looks like nothing was extracted from the server."
While the infection has caused red faces, Maine's police are not alone in getting caught out by ransomware. Cops in Massachusetts were forced to pay up in a similar situation last week, and it's not the first time they have been stung.
The problem with ransomware is getting much worse these days, as malware writers have cottoned on to the fact that it's easier to get paid a ransom rather than have to go through all the tricky business of stealing identities from stolen information, or risk selling that information on forums.
The FBI is now offering millions in reward money to catch the crooks behind some ransomware. In the meantime, never, ever execute an attachment or download from an untrusted source. ®
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May addresses cabinet at the start of their Brexit brainstorm meeting
The government will "push ahead" to triggering Brexit without Parliamentary approval, Downing Street says.
In a statement after Theresa May's cabinet gathered at Chequers, Number 10 said ministers agreed on the need for a "unique" deal for the UK.
This included controls on EU migration as well as a "positive outcome" on trade, Downing Street said.
Mrs May told cabinet colleagues the UK would not stay in the EU "by the back door".
The PM has said official talks with the rest of the EU will not begin this year.
The meeting at the PM's country residence was billed as the most significant since the referendum vote in June amid reports of tensions and diverging priorities among key figures in the Cabinet charged with implementing the UK's exit.
Cabinet ministers had been asked before the summer break to identify what were described as the "opportunities" for their departments.
In comments made at the start of the meeting while cameras were allowed in, Mrs May told ministers that the government was clear that "Brexit means Brexit".
"We will be looking at the next steps that we need to take and we will also be looking at the opportunities that are now open to us as we forge a new role for the UK in the world," she said.
Image copyright PA Image caption Mrs May has said official talks will not begin until next year
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Chequers talks were billed as the most significant since the referendum result
"We must be clear that we are going to make a success of it - that means no second referendum, no attempts to sort of stay in the EU by the back door. That we are actually going to deliver on it."
The prime minister has said the UK government will not trigger Article 50 - the official mechanism for beginning the process of leaving the EU - until the start of 2017 at the earliest.
From that moment, discussions over the terms of the UK's exit will conclude in two years unless all 28 members of the EU agree to extend them.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg says there has been only 'cricket pitch mowing', not turf wars, over Brexit
The UK voted to leave the EU, by a margin of 51.9% to 48.1%, in a referendum on 23 June and Mrs May, who had backed staying in the EU, became prime minister after David Cameron resigned in its aftermath.
Two months on from the vote, the relationship the UK will have with the EU after its exit, in terms of access to the EU internal market and obligations in regard to freedom of movement, remains unclear.
Image copyright AP Image caption There has been speculation about tension among ministers over trade policy
A Downing Street spokeswoman reiterated that MPs would not get a vote on Article 50, and said cabinet members had agreed that the UK would not seek an "off the shelf" model for its future relationship with the EU.
"This must mean controls on the numbers of people who come to Britain from Europe but also a positive outcome for those who wish to trade goods and services," she added.
Ministers also agreed that Brexit must work for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, she said, but the UK government would decide the terms and when to trigger Article 50.
Analysis by Chris Mason, BBC political correspondent
Confronting the colossal task of arranging, choreographing and negotiating the UK's withdrawal from the European Union was never going to be quick or straightforward.
But politically, the prime minister will know her holding position over the summer - that "Brexit means Brexit" - will have a sell-by date: for fellow Conservatives, the electorate and other European leaders.
That soundbite was her three-word battalion designed to reassure those who voted to leave that she - a Remain campaigner, albeit a quiet one - was committed to delivering the will of the electorate.
Today, Theresa May sought to reinforce her reassurance that out would mean out.
The crucial trade-off in the coming wrangling is likely to be between acknowledging many voters' desire to see a reduction in EU immigration, while ensuring British businesses can trade as freely as possible with our nearest neighbours.
But tonight, the timetable for, let alone the outcome of, the forthcoming negotiation is yet to be publicly set.
Former Foreign Office Minister Hugo Swire said there was a "definite fault line" between ministers who believed Brexit was chiefly about ending free movement and those who wanted to see more "flexibility", meaning the UK did not yet have its "ducks in a row" for negotiations.
Mr Swire, who campaigned for Remain, told BBC Radio 4's The World at One: "Until we have a clear idea of what it is that we are trying to achieve... I think we should proceed with great caution."
Wednesday's meeting at the prime minister's country residence is being seen as an opportunity for Mrs May and senior colleagues to talk through many issues involved ahead of this weekend's summit of G20 leaders in China.
The talks are being billed as the most significant since the referendum result and mark an end to the relative lull in proceedings over the summer recess - which ends on Monday.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Hard negotiations with Germany and other EU nations lie ahead for Mrs May
Mrs May, who has held face-to-face talks with the leaders of Germany, France, Italy, Ireland, Poland and Slovakia since taking office, has said time is needed to determine the UK's strategy as a "sensible and orderly departure" is in the national interest.
But several senior Conservatives have warned against undue delay and said nothing should stand in the way of the UK triggering Article 50 as soon as possible next year.
'Simple bit'
Ex-Chancellor Lord Lawson, a leading Leave campaigner, said the UK should not try to negotiate a special trade deal with the EU, allowing it to remain within the single market, because it simply wasn't on offer on acceptable terms and would hold the process up.
"As soon as you stop wasting time trying to negotiate the unnegotiable - some special trade deal with the EU - it is possible to have a relatively quick exit," he told BBC Radio 4's Today.
Brexit-backing backbencher Jacob Rees-Mogg agreed, telling BBC Radio 4's World at One leaving the EU was "the simple bit" and that trade negotiations could take place afterwards.
Among those present at the cabinet meeting were Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, International Trade Secretary Liam Fox and David Davis, Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union.
Mr Johnson, Mr Fox and Mr Davis are reported to have held private talks last week amid reports of early disagreements over the shape of a future Brexit settlement and departmental responsibility for trade issues.
Former Conservative minister Anna Soubry, who backed the UK remaining in the EU, said it was now up to the "three Brexiteers" to deliver the best deal for the British people.
"Boris Johnson, Liam Fox and David Davis - these are the people that have to show us the progress they have made, what Brexit is beginning to look like, what successes, difficulties or failures they have had," she told Today.
'Nods and winks'
Labour's Jon Ashworth said what was needed was a detailed statement on the work that had been done so far rather than brainstorming meetings and "nods and winks" on issues such as immigration.
The SNP, meanwhile, has accused the government of "breathtaking complacency" over a plan for Brexit and "making it up as they go along".
Chequers, an isolated 16th Century mansion 40 miles north-west of London, has played host to a number of historic occasions in the past 50 years and was one of Margaret Thatcher's favourite locations to conduct high-level meetings and personal diplomacy.
As well as the Brexit discussions, Downing Street said Chancellor Philip Hammond had updated Cabinet on the economy, and Mr Johnson had provided an update on the fight against so-called Islamic State.
The inevitable question is if these publications should be held to a different standard. In the last few months, a spool of stories on unpaid internships has been unraveling thanks to the announcement that Conde Nast, one of the biggest media companies in the world, was going to do away with the practice (a practice is still widespread throughout the media world). Is it somehow more reprehensible that barely-paid internships and food stamp tips (which actually might be practical, but still insulting) at a liberal-leaning publication that rails against companies that don't pay a living wage?
Back in June, MoJo ran an article pointing out that many Walmart employees have to turn to government aid because they aren't paid enough. "Walmart's wages and benefits are so low that many of its employees are forced to turn to the government for aid, costing taxpayers between $900,000 and $1.75 million per store," Thomas Stackpole reported. Is a money-making machine with execs raking in dough while its employees can't buy dinner so different from a MoJo HR person telling interns to go on food stamps while its editors reportedly make more than $167,000 per year? The only difference is the scale. And there's something deeply symbolic about it, because Mother Jones is the publication that won awards for uncovering Mitt Romney's stipulation that 47 percent of the country was just waiting for government handouts.
People are taking this opportunity to shame the left-leaning publications Davis mentions. Some of it is petty partisanship, yes. But some of the anger directed at those sites and magazines is because some, like Davis, believe that the change in the way media companies treats interns should come from them. "If the bleeding hearts aren't ashamed enough to pay their workers, why should anyone?" Davis asks. We all know the answer to that.
Update 5:19 p.m. Gettelman emailed me another statement from Mother Jones and their internship/fellowship program. Gettelman explained that Mother Jones has tried to improve the stipend it pays interns. She explains that come January 1st, the amount paid to fellows/interns will be above the minimum wage in California (currently $8 per hour, and $9 beginning July 2014). The Mother Jones statement reads:
As a nonprofit investigative news organization, this is an issue that Mother Jones has always felt strongly about, which is why we have been paying our interns a substantive stipend longer than many the industry. It's also why, as of January 1, our 2014 budget increases the base fellowship stipend to $1,500—an amount equivalent to slightly more than California minimum wage. We last heard from Charlie Davis a couple of months ago; had he touched base with us closer to publication, he would have learned of this increase. And another important note: These are not "low-level employees." Our fellows are in an investigative journalism training program. Many fellows have gone on to be hired by Mother Jones (currently, one in five staffers were once fellows), and many others have gone to positions at other leading national publications. We feel we have one of the best programs in the country and we continue to strive to support these journalists-in-training in every way. And regarding food stamps, from time to time incoming fellows have asked about food stamps. We've shared information about what services might be available to them. As I said earlier, we do not "encourage" or "advise" our fellows to sign up for food stamps. The Vice article included several other inaccuracies, which we'll be discussing with the editors there.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
When Comcast brought its gigabit cable Internet service to the Chicago area in August, it gave customers in some parts of Chicago and nearby towns the option of subscribing for $70 a month—half off the standard, no-contract price of $140.
Though the $70 gigabit offer required a three-year contract, it came with unlimited data, which normally costs an extra $50 a month on top of the $140 no-contract price. For Comcast customers, this was a good deal.
But Comcast didn't make the $70 offer available throughout the Chicago area, and now the company has restricted it even further. The offer remains available in parts of Chicago, namely Uptown, Grand Crossing, the Loop, and South Loop.
But Comcast has stopped offering the $70 price in all nearby cities and towns where it was originally available. The $70 price was briefly offered in Arlington Heights, Naperville, Plainfield, Waukegan, Tinley Park, Batavia, and Bloomington in Illinois and in South Bend in Indiana. In those areas, the $140 no-contract price is now the only option for new gigabit cable customers. (People who signed up for the $70 deal before it was rescinded will still get it for three years, as they're under contract.)
A Comcast spokesperson said the company had been “testing” the $70 promotion in certain areas of Illinois and Indiana but decided to stop the tests in most of them. It's not clear why Comcast stopped the tests in these cities and towns, but Comcast told Ars that it often changes its promotions and thus could expand the $70 deal to other areas or offer new discounts soon.
However, there are no expansions of the $70 offer being announced right now.
Comcast's gigabit cable service uses version 3.1 of DOCSIS (Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification) to deliver download speeds of 1Gbps and upload speeds of 35Mbps. Besides Chicago, it is available in Atlanta, Nashville, and Detroit and will expand to more cities early next year.
Separately, Comcast also offers fiber-to-the-home Internet with 2Gbps upload and download speeds in some cities, though not Chicago. But this is more expensive, costing $300 a month with $1,000 in startup fees.
The gigabit cable availability announcements for Nashville, Detroit, and Atlanta all boasted the $70 rate, but that rate was curiously absent from Comcast's Chicago announcement. When questioned about this in August, a Comcast spokesperson initially said the $70 offer wasn't available in Chicago at all. That was later corrected to reflect that the offer would be available in parts of Chicago and nearby areas.
This naturally led to confusion, with customers trying to get the $70 price and being told it wasn't available. We reported at the time that some Comcast reps told customers the offer didn't exist at all in Chicago. Another customer who signed up for the $140 gigabit package said he was told by Comcast that the $70 price was only available in neighborhoods where Comcast faced competition from AT&T's fiber service.
Chicago is one of the cities where Google Fiber has paused plans to build fiber because of staff cuts, though the Google Fiber-owned Webpass offers high-speed wireless Internet in Chicago.
Customer in city with $70 offer denied discount price
Earlier this month, Naperville resident Leo Yu contacted Ars to say that he was unable to get Comcast's $70 price despite living in one of the areas that was supposed to receive the $70 offer. Yu says that in August, he signed up on the Comcast website to be notified when the service became available at his house.
But by the time a Comcast sales rep finally contacted Yu in late October to set up his gigabit service, he was told that $140 was the only price available. “I would love to get the service at $70 a month even with a three-year contract, but not for $140,” Yu told Ars.
We contacted Comcast about Yu's situation, and that's when we were told that the $70 offer had been pulled from Naperville and other areas. However, Comcast said it would reach out to Yu and make sure he can sign up for the $70-per-month package.
We also heard from another Chicago-area customer named Ryan who was unable to get the $70 price. Comcast told us that it can't offer Ryan anything but the $140 price right now because he doesn't live in any of the cities where Comcast tested the $70 price.
Comcast told us that those hoping for $70 pricing can sign up for notifications at this site and hope that Comcast eventually offers it to them. This is far from perfect, though: signing up at the Comcast gigabit site could bring you sales phone calls with offers of the standard $140 price, as there's no way to specify that you're only interested in discounted offerings.
Ryan isn't holding his breath. He said that AT&T Gigapower service is available at his address for $90 a month and that he plans to switch to AT&T if Comcast refuses to budge on the $140 price.
Nicola Sturgeon is set to make an appearance on The Daily Show during her visit to America.
It has been reported that the SNP leader's aides are in discussions with the US hit satirical news programme's producers to secure a slot for the First Minister.
The Comedy Central show has been credited with changing the face of politics in the US.
It is watched by more than two million every night, and has been cited as the main news source for young people in America - a claim host Jon Stewart rejects.
A Scottish Government spokesperson would only say: "The programme for the First Minister's visit is still being finalised, but is expected to include a number of media opportunities to help promote Scotland."
Sturgeon would be the most senior UK politician to appear on the show. Gordon Brown and Tony Blair have both been interviewed by Stewart, but neither as Prime Minister.
The programme has become a popular stop for US politicians, with presidential hopefuls and the occasional president all having stopped to be interviewed by the comedian during the campaign trail.
Sturgeon's appearance would give another boost to the SNP leader's rising popularity and give her an international profile greater than any of her predecessors.
During the General Election campaign Sturgeon became one of the SNP's strongest assets, with her appearances during TV debates leading to "Can I vote SNP if I live in England?" becoming one of the most Googled questions.
Sturgeon would be one of the final guests interviewed by Stewart, who has announced he is leaving The Daily Show. His replacement will be South African comic Trevor Noah.
Last week it was revealed that Noah would be preparing for his taking over The Daily Show with a three-day run at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
In Sturgeon's trip to America, her first since becoming the First Minister, she will head to New York and Washington DC for a series of engagements.
Grammy award-winning musician, Anton Zaslavski pka ZEDD, has announced plans for a concert at Staples Center in Los Angeles this April 3rd to raise funds for the American Civil Liberties Union, or ACLU. The concert, set to host performances from Skrillex, Incubus, Macklemore, Tinashe, and more, was organized in response to the recent executive order on immigration and refugees from President Donald Trump, which, because of its concentration on Muslim-majority countries, has been interpreted by many as discriminatory and unjust.
“As an immigrant myself I feel the need to stand up for what I believe is right,” Zaslavski tweeted this morning with the announcement, “I didn't wanna sit around and watch so I decided to take action and ask my friends to help me out and come together to put on a concert.” The concert, sympathetically titled ‘WELCOME', will feature short sets (“anywhere from 3 songs to 30 minutes”) from Zaslasvski and a number of other high profile musicians noted on the flyer below, with additional phases of artist announcements coming over the next two months.
Full details and ticket information will be available next Thursday, February 9th. Stay updated with all ‘WELCOME' news via ZEDD's Twitter until then.
When the Nationals traded Drew Storen for Ben Revere, it was clear they were swapping bullpen relief in exchange for a quality outfield replacement for departing center fielder Denard Span, who's now with the Giants.
What may have been lost is the larger picture of the Nationals' offseason, which signals somewhat of an identity change from the free-swinging Nats who won two division titles in three years, while also missing the postseason with the same frequency.
First by signing Daniel Murphy, a second baseman by nature who has the experience at other positions to be used as a super-utility player, and then with the acquisition of Revere, the Nationals are securing versatility their lineup has lacked.
Favoring a more balanced lineup this offseason shows Nats GM Mike Rizzo could be moving away from his free-swinging philosophy. Is he adapting toward a more reliable, but less explosive, approach?
There are three schools of thought to consider:
*Rizzo would like to try a more balanced approach *Rizzo is now considering new manager Dusty Baker's wishes, as he assured he would upon Baker's hiring *Rizzo has lost some degree of decision-making power within the organization
That last option should be regarded as purely speculative, solely mentioned for the purpose of exhausting all possibilities.
Consider Revere's interview with 106.7 The Fan's Grant Paulsen and Danny Rouhier on Thursday as possible evidence of the middle option.
“When [Dusty Baker] was coaching with the Reds and kind of my second full season with the Twins, playing interleague play in Cincinnati, I kind of talked to him,” Revere said. By the details given by Revere, this interaction would have occurred in June 2012.
“And when he was there, you know, he was telling me how he was trying his hardest just trying to get me over to play for him with the Reds. So now, I get a chance to actually play for him,” he continued. “I just know he's a great guy, he's a great coach. I don't know how many times he's been to the playoffs; I've been watching baseball my whole life, especially Major League Baseball, and I've seen that man in the playoffs almost every year, no matter what team he's with, the world championships.
“He knows how to prepare his team for the season, let alone how to prepare his team for the playoffs, so we've got the players, we've got the coach, now it's just [time] for us to come together and just put a great season — hitting, pitching, whatever — together and hopefully bring a trophy back to the city of D.C. ”
Murphy and Revere are pure contact hitters through and through.
In terms of contact efficiency, Revere is an exact replacement of Span, but a younger, faster version. Span (.352) has gotten on base more frequently in his career than Revere (.328). And Revere lacks the home run power Span possesses, but steals more bases. So the carbon copy replacement theory only goes so far.
Murphy, on the other hand, has more home run power than Yunel Escobar, whom the Nats traded to the Angels for hard-throwing reliever Trevor Gott and minor league reliever Michael Brady. But it may be Murphy's 88.8 contact percentage, versus Escobar's 85.1 contact percentage, that makes this series of deals so intriguing.
While Murphy has shown a lesser feel for the strike zone than Escobar over their respective careers, Murphy did show an uptick in contact (91.8%) in 2015, while Escobar's 84.3 percent contact rate was more representative of his career averages. The sudden spike could prove to be moot, as Murphy had less at-bats in 2015 than in his three previous seasons, but it's something worth watching.
From trading Escobar and Storen, and acquiring Murphy, in theory the Nats have filled those losses — presuming Gott proves to be a viable relief option — while also replacing Span. They've added speed (eventually Trea Turner will contribute more to this dynamic) and maintained defensive flexibility, while losing a little power.
Follow @ChrisLingebach and @1067TheFanDC on Twitter.
Shanghai authorities say tap water is safe to drink as efforts stepped up to remove bloated carcasses from Huangpu river
More than 2,800 pig carcasses have been discovered floating in a river that runs through Shanghai and feeds into its tap water supply, according to China's state media.
The number of dead pigs found in the Huangpu river rose from a few dozen on Thursday to more than 1,200 on Sunday, and again to over 2,813 on Monday afternoon as the city's cleanup effort intensified.
While the cause of the incident is still under investigation, water quality tests along the river have identified traces of porcine circovirus, a virus that can affect pigs but not humans. No signs of other diseases such as E coli, foot and mouth disease, or hog cholera have been found, and authorities say the city's tap water is still safe to drink.
Pollution has emerged as a source of widespread anger in China. Photograph: Aly Song/Reuters
China's toxic smog, rubbish-strewn rivers and contaminated soil have emerged as a source of widespread anger over the past few weeks, as profit-minded officials jostle with aggrieved internet users over how to balance the country's economic development with its environmental concerns.
Experts say the groundwater in half of all Chinese cities is contaminated, most of it severely, and that soil pollution could be widespread in 15 of the country's 33 provinces.
Villagers found the first pig carcasses near a water treatment plant on a creek upstream from Shanghai on Tuesday, but clean-up efforts did not begin until the weekend, according to the news portal Xinmin Online. Shanghai initially dispatched six barges to remove the corpses, and added another six when the problem's scope became clear.
Dead pigs collected by sanitation workers from Shanghai's main waterway. Photograph: Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images
Pictures online show the bloated carcasses floating by the shore of the murky river and workers wearing blue uniforms fishing them out with long-handled farming tools. "The overpowering stench of the pigs from strong sun exposure and heat in Shanghai these days has made most reporters on the scene sick," reported the popular China news blog Ministry of Tofu.
Xu Rong, director of Shanghai's Songjiang district environmental department, told China's state broadcaster CCTV that she saw dead pigs floating along an 11km stretch of the river's Pingshen waterway, which extends to a cement plant in nearby Zhejiang province.
Judging by identification tags on the the pigs' ears, she said, they most likely floated into Shanghai from farming communities upstream.
"You can see dead pigs here every year, but there are more now than in the past few years," a local man told the station.
The Jiaxing Daily newspaper in northern Zhejiang province quoted a villager as saying that over the past two months almost 20,000 pigs in his village have died of unknown causes. While Shanghai compensates its farmers for properly disposing of dead swine, the newspaper said, Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces lack a comparable incentive system, so farmers there often dump their pig carcasses directly into local rivers.
"The local authorities are conducting co-ordinated efforts to stop the dumping of dead pigs from the source," said China's official newswire Xinhua.
MOSFET Symbol
A metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET) is a voltage-controlled electronic component invented by a South Korean Engineer Dawon Kahng, and his colleague Martin M. Atalla in 1959 whilst working at Bell Labs. It was the first insulated gate FET, consisting of a metal gate (M), oxide insulation (O), and silicone semiconductor material (S). The three connections of a field effect transistor are source, drain, and gate. In this device, a voltage at the gate junction produces an electric field, which controls the current flowing between the source and drain junctions. This MOS technology was later utilised to develop integrated circuits (IC) which Kahng foresaw.
Voltage Controlled Device
The differences in the operation between a MOSFET and a bipolar junction transistor (BJT) are huge, but the main ones are that a BJT is a current controlled device because current at the base junction controls the flow of current between the collector and emitter junctions. However, a MOSFET is a voltage-controlled device, where a voltage at the gate junction creates an electric field, which controls the flow of current between the source and drain junctions.
Unipolar
Another huge difference is that in a BJT, the electrons and holes are both responsible for carrying the current between the collector-emitter junctions, hence its name is "bipolar".
However, a MOSFET is a "unipolar" device because only one charge carrier, either electrons, or holes carry the charge. In an n-channel MOSFET the majority carriers are electrons, however in p-channel MOSFET, the majority carriers are holes.
Symbol
IEEE defines the electrical symbol for use in circuit diagrams; however, there are many variations to the FET, JFET, and MOSFET symbols. As technology improves, manufacturers often make their own symbols to represent the component better. The American standard is of course far simpler and easier to remember.
A schematic showing the symmetrical complimentary output stage of an amplifier is easier to read with mirrored transistor symbols. Consequently, they mirror the p-channel symbol along the horizontal axis, and as a result, the source terminal ends up at the top.
If there were no labelling on the symbol, then it is very easy to identify the source terminal, because the gate junction is closer to it.
Arrow
For n-channel, the arrow points inward, however for p-channel the arrow points outward, and there is a very good reason for the meaning of this.
In p-channel MOSFET, conduction occurs through holes, which are the majority carriers for that device. Holes are positive and they attract to the negative side, hence the arrow indicates movement from drain to source.
In n-channel MOSFET, conduction occurs through electrons, which are the majority carriers for that device. They emerge from the source terminal and are attracted to drain which is positive; hence, the arrow indicates movement from source to drain.
Usually a circuit symbol contains a substrate terminal, however in practice it is not utilised. Instead, it connects internally to the source junction, thereby minimising the number of terminals to three.
With Diode
MOSFETS are very sensitive to overload voltages such as electrostatic damage. The extremely thin layer of silicon dioxide insulation at the gate junction gets damages readily. Usually, puncturing of the oxide layer renders the device inoperable and consequently special handling precautions are required. Some MOSFET devices have build-in protection diodes, which prevent harmful voltage levels from causing damage. The diodes bypass the high voltages thus protecting the device.
Depletion Types
N-Channel Depletion
P-Channel Depletion
The depletion MOSFET, or d-MOSFET, is a device, which usually remains in a conducting mode unless a voltage at the gate junction is applied. The voltage at the gate has the effect of switching the device OFF because the electric field produced by the gate voltage reduces the majority charge carriers.
Enhancement Types
N-Channel Enhancement
P-Channel Enhancement
An enhancement MOSFET or e-MOSFET is a device, which remains in a non-conducting state unless a voltage at the gate is present. A voltage at the gate has the effect of switching ON the device, because the electric field produced by the gate voltage increases the charge carriers.
Input Impedance
A MOSFET is a common term for insulated gate field-effect transistor (IGFET). Since a layer of oxide insulates the gate junction, a MOSFET usually has very high input impedance in the order of a few mega ohms. This makes it a very useful component for the input stage of an audio amplifier, where impedance matching issues usually occur.
Temperature Sensitive
MOSFETS are also very hardy transistors because as their temperature increases, the resistance of the drain junction also increases thus choking the current flow. Therefore, they are ideal for use in the power output stage of an amplifier.
IC Application
The reason why integrated circuits (IC) utilise MOSFETS is that they occupy a very small footprint, and are much simpler to fabricate using lithographic technologies.
For IC construction n-channel, MOS is highly favoured because it is 2.5 times faster than p-channel MOS. This is because n-channel conduction occurs through electrons, as opposed to p-channel, which occurs through holes.
This Article Continues...
Look who's talking: Shiv Sena promises to revive nightlife in Mumbai
News
oi-Pravin
Mumbai, Oct, 9: Eyeing the October 15 Assembly polls, Shiv Sena which was once considered as a strong critic of nighlife culture in Mumbai, is now promising to revive the spirit after it comes to power.
The party is wooing voters in upscale localities by promising to provide safe and vibrant night-out culture in Mumbai just like in New York and London.
These localities are Colaba, Malabar Hills, Bandra, Andheri West, Worli and Versova in Mumbai.
According to a Mid-day report, this shift in party's ideology is an effort to make inroads in constituencies where the Shiv Sena is not in good position. The party leaders are openly publicising the transition in party's attitude towards Mumbai's nightlife.
A senior Shiv Sena leader has been quoted in the report as saying, "The Sena leadership has changed its approach on this issue to reach out to maximum voters in the upscale localities." He said voters in these areas are more concerned about dying nightlife culture rather than water or electricity supply in their areas.
The Shiv Sena leaders said it is very important issue and that the party is getting a good response on this from voters.
On Wednesday, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's son Aditya campaigned for party candidate Arvind Dudhwadkar in Malabar Hill. During his campaiging, he discussed ideas for reviving nightlife in the area. Aditya ensured the voters that if their party voted to power, he would personally ensure that the plan gets clearance from the State Government.
Last year too, Aditya pressed for easing restrictions under the Shops and Establishments Act, and allow restaurants to remain open for longer hours. Presently, restaurants in Mumbai operate till midnight, while pubs can remain open till 1 am.
OneIndia News
Representational Image
A Pakistani province today announced a judicial inquiry into a massive child abuse and extortion scandal allegedly involving hundreds of victims amid mounting calls for justice.At least 280 children were filmed being sexually abused by a gang of 25 men who blackmailed their parents by threatening to leak the videos, Latif Ahmed Sara, a representative for the victims' families, said.Children aged mostly under 14 were also forced to perform sex acts on each other in the more than 400 videos made in Hussain Khanwala village, southwest of Lahore, since 2007, Sara and local media reports said."Around 300 videos of the kids have been leaked and every second child in this village is a victim," Sara, a legal activist said.Chief Minister of Pakistan's Punjab province Shahbaz Sharif today ordered an independent judicial probe into the case, amid mounting anger from rights activists and a flurry of media attention."The chief minister (of) Punjab has ordered a judicial inquiry into (the) incident, those involved in the case will be punished and the affected families will be provided with justice at any cost," the statement from the chief minister's office said.Saba Sadiq, chief of the province's Child Protection Bureau, described the case as "the largest child abuse scandal in Pakistan's history".In an initial report ordered by the Punjab provincial government last week and carried out by police, local authorities described the allegations as "baseless".It was rejected by media and rights activists who said the officials carrying out the inquiry were biased.It came after parents of the victims clashed with police in the town of Kasur near Lahore as they staged a protest blasting authorities for failing to prosecute the criminals.Over 20 people were injured in the clashes Tuesday when police used force to disperse more than 400 protesters.The gang allegedly attempted to extort money from parents of victims, selling clips of the videos locally for 40 Pakistan rupees each (39 US cents) if they did not pay up."They made the video of my son in 2011 and we have been paying the blackmailers since then," the mother of one of the victims, who did not want to be named, told an AFP reporter."I have seen the videos, they are disgusting," she said.Another woman said she came to know about her son's abuse last month when a video of him was leaked."He was terrified, he had been subjected to sexual abuse for the past two years, today we went to the police station to file a report," the distraught mother told AFP."Every child in the village has seen the videos, they (the accused) had been extorting money from parents, threatening to leak the video otherwise," she said.An AFP reporter who visited the village said young children had clips of the abuse on their mobile phones which they offered to show journalists for free.Local police reject the allegations of abuse."This is a very old incident and those posing as victims are cashing in on the issue to settle a land dispute," Shahzad Sultan, the area's police chief told AFP."We made announcements through mosques when we came to know about the incident and arrested eight people. The incidents stopped there." He said a group of young boys in their early 20s was making videos of "consensual" sexual acts for fun.
Horror of Soviet Nuclear Sub's '61 Tragedy Told
The men won that struggle; the reactor did not explode. But the radiation made it a voyage from hell, with men dying in agony and begging their shipmates to kill them.
Korchilov, Zateyev, Kolokov and 136 other men were sailors aboard the K-19, a Soviet nuclear submarine whose reactor went haywire in 1961. Zateyev, the captain, sent 22 volunteers to their deaths in a heroic struggle to save the boat.
Korchilov was a blue-eyed, 20-year-old ladies' man. Before the voyage he was playing volleyball and flirting. The next week he was writhing in agony, sweating blood, his face swollen beyond recognition. A week later he was buried in a secret communal grave.
Both sailors consider themselves lucky when they remember Boris Korchilov.
MURMANSK, Russia — After that nightmare voyage 33 years ago, Ivan Kolokov stopped shaving. The skin on his face kept peeling off with the razor. Nikolai Zateyev, his shipmate, lay in bed 18 months while doctors replaced his bone marrow and blood.
Before the breakup of the Soviet Union, the K-19's fate was a closely guarded secret. Western specialists heard rumors but no details until 1991, when the newspaper Pravda finally confirmed that radiation had killed many members of the sub's crew.
Crew members were sworn to secrecy. Even decades later, they were expected to lie to doctors in routine checkups.
For years, Russians knew the story of the K-19 only through underground songs. But the Soviet Union, the nation those sailors swore to defend, collapsed, and today the doomed vessel's crew members are ready to flesh out those sad, romantic verses.
Capt. Zateyev, 67, and other survivors recounted their story in interviews in Moscow and the northern port of Murmansk.
Zateyev's boat was the first Soviet atomic submarine armed with nuclear warheads. It was named the K-19, but among sailors it became known as "Hiroshima."
The K-19 was a major technological advance for the Soviets. Engineers built her at a frenzied pace that took a deadly toll.
In 1959, an accidental explosion killed two workers. Soon after, six women died, overcome by fumes while gluing rubber lining into a water cistern.
For sailors, the most persuasive omen that the K-19 was a cursed boat came at the christening, when a champagne bottle struck across the bow bounced off unbroken.
"As in ancient Assyria, where a ship's path to the water was slickened with the sacrificial blood of slaves, the launching ramp of the K-19 ran with human blood," wrote Nikolai Cherkashin, a naval historian.
The frantic pace of construction led to sloppiness and shortcuts. Hurrying to finish, a welder let solder drip onto a pipe carrying coolant to the reactor. The pipe cracked microscopically, like a hot glass dropped into cold water. Engineers had installed no backup cooling system. The K-19's mechanics complained about that but were told the reactor was "already too complex."
All the same, the K-19 was the Rolls-Royce of the Soviet fleet, and Zateyev and his men, who had served only on diesel submarines until then, were thrilled to take the helm.
They were the elite of the fleet, and they knew it every time they sat down to dinner; they enjoyed delicacies other sailors only dreamed of--smoked fish, sausages, fine chocolates and cheeses.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A military vehicle was targeted in the bomb attack in the eastern province of Tunceli
A large explosion has rocked the Turkish city of Tunceli, killing seven people, mainly security personnel.
The blast targeted a vehicle carrying security forces.
The city is near the country's Kurdish area and suspicion will automatically fall upon Kurdish rebel group the PKK, says the BBC's Istanbul correspondent James Reynolds.
Fighting between Turkish troops and the PKK - the Kurdistan Workers' Party - has escalated in recent months.
Six members of the security forces and one civilian died in the attack in the Ataturk neighbourhood, said local media and hospital sources.
Turkish TV stations showed pictures of workers trying to put out fires in two burnt-out vehicles.
Reports said a vehicle carrying explosives was remotely detonated as an armoured vehicle carrying security forces passed by, sending a huge plume of dark smoke over the city.
Some reports said a civilian vehicle was also damaged in the explosion.
Tunceli province Mountainous region whose capital, Tunceli city, has a small population of about 40,000
Mainly Kurdish area
Scene of several recent attacks by PKK fighters against police and soldiers
Kurdish MP abducted last month by PKK
Large military and law enforcement presence, thought to outnumber civilians
One report, in Turkey's Hurriyet Daily News, said security forces arriving on the scene clashed with suspected PKK militants, with one militant killed.
No-one has yet said they carried out the attack, but Kurdish rebels are active in the city, which is the capital of the province of Tunceli.
'Hundreds dead'
This incident comes amid a surge in fighting in the three-decade conflict between the military and the PKK which in total has killed more than 40,000 people.
In mid-September, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said 500 Kurdish rebels had been "rendered ineffective" by Turkish forces in the space of a month.
Many have died in Turkish aerial campaigns against suspected PKK hideouts in the south-east of the country.
PKK fighters killed 17 Turkish soldiers and injured scores over three days in Bingol province last week.
Earlier this month, one soldier and three Kurdish militants were killed when insurgents attacked army outposts in Tunceli.
This has become the most violent period in fighting with the Kurds since the capture of the PKK's leader, Abdullah Ocalan, in 1999, our correspondent says.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to ease during the upcoming policy meeting on 29 September. 1y NDOIS is currently pricing in about 75bp of cut in the next 1y. One more cut is expected to materialize early next year. In that sense, the market is currently pricing in a fair amount of easing and there seems to be no catalyst to position in swaps one way or the other.
However, the 10y bonds are expected to rally. Apart from rate cuts, a hike in the FII debt limits for domestic bonds should provide the impetus for bonds to rally. That said, supply-demand dynamics in the last quarter this year will likely.
"We see the INR at Rs66/USD in September given seasonal weakness and global uncertainty. We have also highlighted that the risk premium for aggressive CNY depreciation looks excessive in case of INR", notes BofA Merrill Lynch.
Philippine Climate Commissioner Naderev Sano holds a sign at the closing session during the 19th conference of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Warsaw on Saturday. Photo by Kacper Pempel, Reuters
WARSAW -- For the Philippines diplomat Yeb Sano, Saturday's close of UN climate talks in Warsaw comes with an unusual prize: he can eat again.
The climate envoy had embarked on a tea-and-water only fast on the first day of the talks on November 11, in a symbolic push for a good outcome.
"I am famished. I am famished!" the senior climate envoy told AFP at the Warsaw National Stadium where the discussions ended in a number of consensus agreements on Saturday.
"My doctor says I should take it slowly, so in three days I will be eating normal food."
What will tonight's meal be?
"Some vegetable juice," the negotiator said, laughing.
Sano had pledged to fast until the latest round of UN talks made "meaningful" progress towards fighting the climate change he blames for Typhoon Yolanda, which ravaged his country.
"I would say, the COP (conference of parties, as these gatherings are known) did not come out with the kind of outcome I thought would have been meaningful.
"But I also said that I will be fasting for the duration of the COP. This COP is about to close so I'll be able to eat."
Sano's move was also meant as a show of solidarity with his countrymen, relatives and friends left stranded and hungry after the powerful storm swept through.
The climate commissioner said he was pleased the Warsaw meeting had managed to agree on creating a "loss and damage" mechanism to deal with future harm caused by climate change events that can no longer be prevented.
The mechanism is meant to help poor and vulnerable countries deal with extreme weather events like storms, but also slow-onset damage like land-encroaching sea level rise or desertification.
Sano said he had felt weak from time to time, and was by Saturday "exhausted." This also had to do with the fact that he hadn't slept for nearly three days, like many other negotiators.
"But this is nothing compared to the suffering that my people in the hardest hit areas of Typhoon Haiyan are suffering right now... and the many, many people around the world who struggle with the impacts of climate change."
While no single weather event can be laid at the door of climate change, scientists warn that Earth will see ever more severe storms, droughts and sea level rise as average temperatures increase on the back of fossil fuel combustion.
Sano said he believed the typhoon which devastated the Philippines had added some impetus to this year's round of UN talks.
"The typhoon I think that was in the back of everyone's mind, there was a sense of urgency, but also a sense of solidarity and the reality of the suffering of so many people."
Sano lives in Manila, but his father is from Tacloban, one of the worst-hit areas. His immediate family had been spared, the diplomat said.
But he was worried about the scenes of destruction that will greet him when he gets home.
"I stopped looking at the pictures (in the media) last week because it is just overwhelming. It will be overwhelming," to be back, he said.
Sano's action drew considerable attention and support at the UN talks, with hundreds of environment and humanitarian activists claiming to have joined his fast.
The fraught negotiations ended Saturday with consensus among parties on cornerstone issues of an ambitious, global climate pact that will seek to stave off dangerous Earth warming.
© 1994-2013 Agence France-Presse
Story highlights NEW: UN secretary-general issues condemnation of attack
The Taliban claimed to have been targeting intelligence staff members
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) The Taliban have claimed responsibility for a car bombing in Kabul that left at least 31 people dead, as the Islamist fundamentalist group ratchets up an offensive across Afghanistan.
The blast happened at around 6:40 a.m. Monday (10:10 p.m. ET Sunday) when a Toyota Corolla exploded in the city's west, Afghan Interior Ministry spokesman Najib Danish told CNN.
It is the latest in a string of attacks in recent days by the Taliban, which said it had captured two districts in northern and central Afghanistan at the weekend.
An Afghan security official inspects the scene of the bombing on Monday.
In a statement released by Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid, the group said the Kabul bomb's target was a bus carrying Afghan intelligence staff, but Danish said that all the victims were civilians, including some employees of the Ministry of Mining and Petroleum. Women and children were among the dozens injured, Danish said.
Read More
All told, at least 12 people were charged in several states in connection with a string of thefts of drugs, cigarettes and liquor in recent years, which included the one from Eli Lilly, a theft from a GlaxoSmithKline warehouse in Virginia, and shipments stolen at truck stops in several states.
Amed Villa was also charged in Illinois, in the theft of over 3,500 cases of cigarettes, worth over $8 million, from a Peoria warehouse.
Amaury Villa is in jail in Orange County, Fla., on unrelated charges. It was not clear on Thursday if either Villa brother had a lawyer in connection with the new charges.
Photo
“For several years now, cargo theft in the pharmaceutical sector has been on the rise, exacting a terrible cost on the industry and danger to the public,” said David B. Fein, the United States attorney for Connecticut. “Today's arrests are an important step in ensuring the integrity of our drug supply chain.”
Officials said they believed that the drugs stolen from Enfield had not been sold and had all been recovered in a Florida warehouse.
In many thefts, however, stolen drugs end up in stores, often after being stored in unsafe conditions. Eli Lilly, which was insured for the theft, said the drugs would be destroyed when they were no longer needed as evidence.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
According to the indictment, Amaury Villa flew from Miami to La Guardia Airport in January 2010, rented an Infiniti QX56 at the airport and stayed at Hyatt hotels in Jersey City and then Windsor, Conn., north of Hartford and near Enfield. He then returned to Florida. In February, according to the indictment, he was linked to a lease agreement for two tractor-trailers. Twice more in the next two months, he flew to New York or Hartford.
On March 12, 2010, the day before the burglary, two people who were not named in the indictment bought “a particular combination of tools” at a Home Depot in Flushing. That night, Mr. Villa flew from Miami to La Guardia, rented a Cadillac Escalade and drove up to the Hyatt in Windsor.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Starting about 10:30 p.m. March 13, the indictment said, the thieves used the tools that had been purchased at Home Depot to cut a hole in the roof of the warehouse, and lowered themselves with ropes. Over the next five hours, they used a forklift inside the warehouse to load the drugs into a tractor-trailer.
At some point, the authorities said, Amed Villa touched the water bottle. The authorities did not say if he had left behind fingerprints or DNA, but both he and his brother had burglary convictions in Florida and were presumably fingerprinted when they were arrested there.
The tractor-trailer left the warehouse around 3:40 a.m. on March 14. Amaury Villa checked out of his hotel room in Windsor, and his rental car passed through the southbound toll plaza on the Bronx-Whitestone Bridge around 11:35 a.m. On March 15, he flew back to Miami.
Edward Sagebiel, a spokesman for Eli Lilly, characterized the investigation, which Lilly security helped, as a “huge success.”
Still, he said: “In and of itself, it's not going to eliminate the criminal threat around this issue.”
A sunset in the clear sky over the Grand Canyon looks pretty stunning sans smog. See more sunspot pictures. Don Smith/The Image Bank/ Getty Images
There aren't too many positives to be found in air pollution. It's unhealthy, unsightly and damaging to the planet that we hope to spend a lot more time on. But could it be that there's actually an upside here? Might the sky-blocking phenomenon known as smog actually enhance sunsets?
Sunspot Image Gallery
Most people think the answer is yes -- that smoggy cities like Los Angeles and Beijing, with hazy skies most of the time, at least get to have extra-brilliant sunsets to cough at as a result of that haziness. As it turns out, those people are mostly wrong. It all starts with the science of sunset -- how those colors come to sp­lash across the sky as the sun goes down.
­When the sun is high in the sky, its light travels a relatively short path through the atmosphere to reach your eye, the viewing point of the light. In that sunlight are all of the wavelengths of visible light, and each wavelength is viewed as a different color. The molecules in Earth's atmosphere, mostly nitrogen and oxygen molecules, scatter some of those wavelengths, but not others. Because those molecules are small compared with the wavelengths of visible light, they only end up scattering the shorter wavelengths, sending­ those light beams in all directions, out of the direct path of the light on its way to your eye. This selective scattering of wavelengths, or colors, is called Rayleigh scattering. The sky is blue during the daytime because the wavelengths for violet and blue are the shortest in the spectrum. They are scattered more than any other colors in the light, and as these wavelengths scatter across the sky, that sky turns blue. (It would actually be violet except that the human eye is more sensitive to blue [source: NOAA].)
As the sun moves across the sky, this changes.
­The Earth is a sphere, so the distance between the sun and the ground changes as the sun mov­es across the sky. At high noon, that distance is the shortest; at sunset, when the sun is at the horizon, that distance is the longest. When the distance is longer, there's more atmosphere for the light to travel through before you perceive it. Rayleigh scattering is still in effect, but it produces an entirely different result.
Since he was very young, Daniel Alves had a sense that, one day, fame would come his way. Those in his inner circle confirm he used to continually practise his signature so as to be ready for when the time came to sign autographs. Now, at the age of 32, the Brazilian can look back on having made his dreams come true.
Or most of them at least. Well accustomed to notoriety, the Seleção and FC Barcelona right-back also has to live with the darker side to his profession. Brushes with the press, his life away from Brazil and a possible return to the club where he first made the breakthrough were all on the menu in an exclusive chat with FIFA.com, as well as the state of the Brazilian game and key factors in the success of Luis Enrique's Barça.
FIFA.com: Dani, you've been living in Spain for 13 years now. How much has that impacted on your personality and what do you miss most about Brazil?
Dani Alves:It's had a pretty big impact, of course. It was in Europe that I passed from adolescence into adulthood, and where I've experienced a very significant evolution both as a player and as a person. I think it was the right decision [to come here]. In Brazil what I miss most are the people, how passionate they are – how they express themselves at matches. Here we're used to something else, a calmer way of showing your support (smiles). A more detached way, no? But you get used to it because you're doing what you love, you don't give it too much thought.
Brazilian players are moving abroad at an increasingly young age: is that a positive or negative trend?
It's negative, though it's clear that players do it out of concern for their families' stability. Nowadays in Brazil, that stability doesn't exist. Clubs aren't well enough organised to keep hold of those players, which is why they leave in search of something better or a more solid career path.
There's a sense that, perhaps due to this young talent drain, Brazilian and Argentinian football produce fewer world-class players than in previous decades. Would you agree?
I'd agree, in part. A national team is a reflection of its country's football, and both Brazil and Argentina have earned respect for what they've achieved. Subsequently, though, football has evolved and we've fallen a bit behind. We're in the process of trying to improve every day, fighting to be able to compete at the very highest level. But, at the end of the day, our players are in the world's biggest leagues and it's obvious we'd like our national team to be at the very top too.
Talking of being young in Brazil, it's clear that you've always been drawn to the idea of being famous. Is it true that when you were a boy you used to practise signing autographs?
Yes! (laughs) I knew that I'd commit myself to music or football, and either of those would need me to sign autographs. I didn't expect things to turn out as well as they did, getting to play for a big club and for Brazil… My dreams were smaller than that, but everything turned out incredibly well.
That being the case, is there anything you don't like about being Dani Alves?
Of course. I don't like a lot of what surrounds football (smiles). I like the sport itself, but there's currently too much ‘tabloid-style' reporting around, and that takes a bit of the enjoyment out of the game. We're always in the eye of the hurricane. By a certain type of press, we're judged and pre-judged. It used to be what happened on the pitch that generated interest, now it's what happens off it.
In that context, you appear more confrontational now than before. Why's that?
Because I get a bit tired of it all. I enjoy talking about football much more, about what players do on the pitch. Players earn their wages, their livelihoods and their right to compete to win things out on the pitch and not off it. But then, when you express an opinion it's frowned upon, because people are only capable of receiving praise – never criticism. Even if it's your humble opinion, you know? But well, if I think something, whether it'll go down well or badly, I'll always say it. I'm a free man and free to give my opinion too.
Let's stick to football in that case. Do you think this is the best Barcelona team you've been part of?
We've seen an incredible version of this team over the last five or six years and, when people thought we couldn't keep it going, we've gone and done it again. That's the kind of footballing stability you dream of having in your career. We've maintained our desire to keep competing and that takes us to where we are. You're aware that your opponents, at the end of the day, also prepare well and might beat you, but that feeling and that desire that we have won't be witnessed in another team for a while. It's unique, incredible. For those who are genuinely passionate about football, Barça are worthy of admiration.
The spotlight tends to fall most on Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar, but where does Dani Alves fit in?The cameras are drawn to them because they're great! But as I keep saying, football is a collective game, not just about the attackers. I'd use the example of a colleague of mine, [Javier] Mascherano, who had an incredible World Cup [Brazil 2014] and could have been in contention for the [tournament's] the best player award… But the thing is, those whose job it is to “break up” the play, don't have the same media impact. In football, I've always been about adapting to what's asked of me, to what my team-mates need from me. I'm a team player. At Barcelona we all think like that, and that's the key to our success. The press are free to choose who to talk about, but nobody here is egotistical. It's difficult to get so many stars together and for them all to stay humble, which is why we've got a team to take your hat off to.
And once that comes to an end, what's next for you? A spell in Brazilian football?
I've already promised that I'd end my career where I started it [at Bahia], as a way of thanking those who gave me the chance to make my name in football. I want to have a spell there before I retire, but one that's enjoyable for me and for them too. I'll be sure to stay in shape so that I can go back and not be a disappointment! (laughs). The idea is for it to be fun for everybody involved, and then call it a day.
And after that, from what you've said, it seems unlikely you'll stay involved in the world of football, right?
I enjoy gastronomy, music and fashion, so I'll end up involved in one of those three areas– or all three! They're things I have a passion for, and I only do what I'm passionate about. [I feel that way about] football too, but it's unlikely I'll stay involved in it. There are a lot of things I don't like about it, and I always go where I feel good and at home. I like energy to flow in a positive way, not in the direction of outside interests.
BAKERSFIELD, CALIF. – Phoenix Suns assignees T.J. Warren (34) and Tyler Ennis (29) combined for 63 points (24/43 FGs) as the Bakersfield Jam defeated the Idaho Stampede at home, 107-100. With the victory, Bakersfield improves to 18-8 on the season and currently holds the best record in the league.
The Jam led the entire first half and went into the break with a 53-44 advantage. In the third, Idaho erased a 10-point deficit and took the lead (59-58) at the 7:53 mark. Bakersfield would end up trailing by three points, but quickly answered back with a 10-0 run and entered the final frame with an 80-72 lead.
The final period had both teams battling, but the Jam came out on top as they built a lead as big as 13 points late in the quarter and ultimately pulled away with the win.
Casey Prather and Jamil Wilson scored 12 points apiece for the Jam. Mac Koshwal finished with team-highs in rebounds (11) and steals (3).
Jerelle Benimon led Idaho with 25 points (12/18 FGs) and seven rebounds. Joel Wright off the bench posted 18 points and nine assists, while Jack Cooley registered a double-double with 15 points and 12 rebounds.
Neil Gaiman's ‘American Gods' TV Series Finds A New Home; ‘Anansi Boys' To Become Miniseries
Back in November we found out the depressing news that the TV adaptation of Neil Gaiman‘s hit book American Gods was no longer in development at HBO—likely due to (or at least impacted by) their decision to go all-in with the Damon Lindelof series The Leftovers.
Now American Gods has found a new home. It's been announced that FreemantleMedia has acquired the rights to the project, though it's not yet known what channel you can expect to see the show on yet.
Continue reading for more, including a quote from Gaiman on what happened with HBO and how the deal with Freemantle came to be.
“A few people have asked for more background on this: HBO had an option on American Gods for several years. It went through three different pilot scripts. HBO has a limited number of slots and, after a while, passed it to Cinemax, who are in the HBO family, who decided eventually they didn't want to do it, and the option expired, which unfortunately meant we couldn't work with Tom Hanks' production company Playtone any longer, as they are exclusive to HBO. However, Stefanie Berk, who had been one of the brightest stars at Playtone, had recently moved to Freemantle, and was as determined as she had been when she was at Playtone to bring American Gods to the screen. And I was impressed by her determination.”
While it's exciting to know American Gods has found a new home, where the show actually airs will be a big deal to many, and remains the biggest question mark. Freemantle's list of shows mainly consists of game shows like The Price is Right, Minute to Win It, and Let's Make A Deal, reality competitions like America's Got Talent (and the many variations around the world), American Idol (and other variations around the world), Project Runway, and The Biggest Loser, and reality shows like Deadliest Catch, Ax Men, and Ice Road Truckers.
The company is currently boosting their scripted TV division with shows in development for A&E, Spike TV, and The CW, so it will certainly be interesting to see where the newly acquired American Gods lands.
Gaiman also revealed in the same blog post he confirmed the American Gods news in that his Anansi Boys is getting a miniseries adaptation by RED Productions for BBC.
[Source: CBR]
Democratic Representatvie Chaka Fattah of Pennsylvania has been found guilty on all 23 public corruption charges that were brought against him, including racketeering and fraud. The Hill reports:
After Tuesday's conviction, Fattah could face a lengthy prison term. The charges related to conspiracy, falsification of records and mail fraud each carry sentences of up to 20 years in prison. Fattah borrowed $1 million from a donor during his unsuccessful campaign for Philadelphia mayor and later repaid part of the loan by using funds from charitable and federal grants received by his nonprofit. The Justice Department said Fattah also used funds from his mayoral and congressional campaigns to help pay off his son's student loan debt.
The prosecutor in the case gave a statement to CNN saying it was a message to elected officials everywhere about “honesty and integrity.”
“Chaka Fattah Sr. and his co-defendants betrayed the public trust and undermined our faith in government,” said U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger, whose office prosecuted the case. “Today's verdict makes clear that the citizens of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania expect their public officials to act with honesty and integrity, and to not sell their office for personal gain. Hopefully, our elected officials in Philadelphia and elsewhere hear today's message loud and clear.”
In an apparent nod to the ongoing Clinton email investigation, the White House cited the verdict as proof of the fairness of the DOJ. From the Hill:
Press secretary Josh Earnest would not comment on the verdict itself, but called the case “good evidence” that the Justice Department “is faithful to their mandate to pursue justice irrespective of political affiliations.”
Fattah has been in office since 1995 and sat on the House Appropriations Committee. He finally gave up his seat as the top Democrat on the committee last year when charges were brought against him.
Chaka “Chip” Fattah Jr., the congressman's son, is already serving time in jail for similar charges. He was convicted of 22 counts last November. He was sentenced to five years in prison in February of this year.
How is a Ryokan Different From a Hotel?
The differences between hotels and ryokan lie in the design of their guestrooms, lodging style, and available services. Below are the general characteristics of hotels and ryokans.
【Ryokan】
・Accommodation packages are mainly good for two or more guests, with two meals included
・Most guestrooms are Japanese-style rooms that come with futons (quilted mattresses that are laid on the floor)
【Hotel】
・Accommodation packages generally have breakfast included, and can be availed by even one person
・Most guestrooms are Western-style rooms that are equipped with a bed
There's been an increase of modern ryokans that offer Japanese-style rooms with beds in recent years in a bid to address the various needs of guests. There are even places where single guests can stay, as well as places that allow you to stay the night without any meals. Furthermore, ryokans are premised on having a public bath within their premises, so they have no shower rooms in the guestrooms. In exchange, they would draw onsen (hot spring) water into their baths or build open-air baths that will let their guests enjoy Japan's bath culture. For those who don't really want to soak in a large public bath, there are many inns that offer open-air baths annexed to guestrooms, as well as private baths that can be rented, so try to look out for them!
PITTSBURGH — A Pittsburgh-area businessman will get a new trial on mortgage fraud charges because his defense attorney was seen sleeping by the judge, witnesses and federal court jurors who convicted him last year.
U.S. District Judge Donetta Ambrose ruled Monday that James Nassida was denied a fair trial because Stan Levenson dozed during the October trial.
Levenson acknowledges sleeping because he was taking cold medicines that made him drowsy. He moved for a mistrial, but the judge opted to wait for the jury's verdict first and to let Nassida file an appeal if he was convicted.
After that happened, Nassida's new attorney, James Brink, filed the appeal. The new trial is scheduled to begin in September.
Nassida is accused of inflating borrowers' income to get millions of dollars in fraudulent loans through his Century III Home Equity firm.
Newcastle United has launched three new social media accounts in China as part of the club's 125th anniversary celebrations.
The club has unveiled official accounts on hugely popular Sina Weibo, WeChat and Dongqiudi platforms, boosting communication and engagement with millions of sports fans across the Far East.
The launch comes as Newcastle United's new 2017/18 PUMA home kit – which carries FUN88 banding for the very first time and a special crest to mark the club's 125th anniversary year – reaches stores across the globe ready for the new season.
The Magpies already have a number of established fan groups in major cities across China and surrounding territories, some with thousands of active members.
The launch of the new accounts comes shortly after Newcastle United was named as the fastest growing football club brand in the world in 2017 by industry experts Brand Finance, with 92% growth in the last 12 months.
The club's new accounts can be found here:
Sina Weibo: NUFC_ 纽卡斯尔联足球俱乐部
WeChat ( Wēixìn) : 纽卡斯尔联足球俱乐部
: 纽卡斯尔联足球俱乐部 Dongqiudi: 纽卡斯尔联足球俱乐部
Lee Charnley, managing director at Newcastle United, said: “Social media plays a hugely important role in how we engage with supporters, particularly those who are unable to be close to St. James' Park, so we are pleased to be launching new accounts on Sina Weibo, WeChat and Dongqiudi.
“With a number of existing fan groups in China and a growing presence in the region, both as a Premier League club and now as a partner of FUN88, this is a natural step for us and we look forward to connecting with even more fans and sharing our experiences with them.”
Micro-blogging site Sina Weibo is one of the most visited websites in China; with well over half a billion registered users. It is widely regarded as hybrid of Western social media platforms Facebook and Twitter.
The Magpies' ‘Weibo' account will feature a variety of bespoke content, including the best images, video and digital content from the Magpies throughout the 2017/18 Premier League season and beyond.
WeChat is a dynamic micro-messaging app with more than 900m active users - around 90% of whom are based in China.
Newcastle United's official WeChat account will provide subscribers with a packed feed of the latest news and updates from the club, as well as the use of unique player-based sticker emojis and the potential for a number of additional services.
Dongqiudi, meanwhile, is a popular football-specific social networking app that was established in 2013. The app enables supporters in China to join their own online club community, getting closer to the team despite following from afar.
The three new accounts add to Newcastle United's growing social media portfolio, with a hugely successful presence on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat (search: nufcofficial) and YouTube – generating a combined following of almost 3.5m people.
The club also launched a brand new, state-of-the-art website in December 2016. To discover more, please visit www.nufc.co.uk.
Her two Cadillacs were parked outside the funeral home, on Fourth Avenue near the Green-Wood Cemetery: her 1978 silver hearse and her 2009 XLR coupe. The coupe gets a lot of whistles. The hearse is good for errands because it doesn't get parking tickets. The decorative pillow above Ms. Amen's head was embroidered with the words “Behind every successful woman is herself.”
“People are sometimes surprised I'm a funeral director,” she said. “But I tell them, ‘Listen, if a woman can bring you into the world, she can certainly bring you out.' ”
Ms. Amen says she lands a lot of customers with her $1,999 starting price for a wake. This buys the use of a nice coffin for the viewing only. After that, the body is put in a cardboard box for cremation or burial.
Video
“It's bare bones, literally,” said Ms. Amen, who grew up in Bay Ridge and came of age there in the Saturday Night Fever era, a product of Fort Hamilton High School and Brooklyn College.
She has no children — “I have cystic fibrosis in my family and I didn't want to pass it on to more children” — and her marriage ended in divorce 15 years ago. Since then, she has had two serious relationships, but both men died. She handled their wakes and funerals, and even prepared the bodies for viewing.
On this night, down in the funeral home's furnished basement, Ms. Amen prepared for her annual Halloween party. She put a Frankenstein figure in a full-size coffin, and repurposed a child-size coffin to serve as a beer cooler. She also converted a large coffin into a couch by putting milk crates inside and laying cushions on them.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Last year, she surprised the partygoers by popping out of a coffin, long legs first, in a tiny miniskirt. This year, she would top that, she said, by wearing a leather dominatrix outfit and singing a few Rolling Stones numbers with a backup band at midnight.
In terms of funerals, things were quiet, though she was waiting on a “pending,” a Staten Island man who was “hanging on by a thread,” she said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Oh, please let him hang on till after my party,” she said, clasping her hands.
At 9 p.m., a family rang the buzzer seeking a next-day wake for their 95-year-old grandmother who had just died at the family's apartment nearby. The family took the $1,999 deal. When they asked who would pick up the body, Ms. Amen pulled up her sleeve and flexed her bicep. The family members mustered a smile and handed Ms. Amen a $500 cash deposit. She tucked it into her bra and went out to start the hearse.
At the family's apartment, with a police officer standing by, she pulled the bedsheet over the corpse and wrapped it cocoon-like, knotting it at the head and foot. Then, with the officer's help, she lifted the body onto a stretcher and wheeled it out to the hearse. The family gave Ms. Amen an outfit to dress the corpse for the viewing, and Ms. Amen stuffed it into her purse.
By 2 p.m. the next day, Ms. Amen was dressing the body at her funeral home. The family, which had paid only the deposit, was two hours late to the viewing. An anxious Ms. Amen said she would drop the body at the medical examiner before paying for burial herself. (The family paid.)
“I'm not stupid,” she said, drawing on her electronic cigarette. “Don't let the blond hair fool you.”
IPAs for the Holidays
The holidays are upon us and our friends at Dogfish Head know, it's the most wonderful time for a beer. Since their beginning, DFH has embraced the old-world style of India Pale Ales, tweaked them, and reinvented them with their most beloved hop-forward beers. IPAs for the Holidays is a celebration of these innovative and delicious beers. With special variety packs available on shelves now, you can try them all, or even share the gift of hops with your friends.
As a special holiday gift to you, we have a brand-new badge for you to earn. Check-in to any of the following Dogfish Head IPA's between November 6th - December 31st and you'll unlock up to 3 levels of the “IPAs for the Holidays” badge. Your first check-in will earn you Level 1, second will unlock Level 2, and finally enjoy 3 of DFH's spectacular IPAs to get Level 3.
Find Dogfish Head near you with their FishFinder and be sure to follow along on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — The deadliest month in Baltimore in nearly two decades. There are growing concerns police are holding back in the wake of the indictment of several officers in the Freddie Gray case.
Derek Valcourt with the actions being taken to stop the bloodshed.
The spike in crime and murder is so alarming, it has some calling on the mayor to declare a state of emergency for the city.
One day after the discovery of the bodies of a 31-year-old mother and her seven-year-old son — both with gunshots to the head inside their Uplands home — Police Commissioner Anthony Batts tells WJZ detectives are chasing down leads in the case.
“Violence period is not good within our city. But when it touches the babies and it touches the innocents and it touches the moms, that's problematic for us. So we're very aggressively pursuing this,” Batts said.
Those murders bring the city's homicide total so far for the month of May alone to 39 — making it Baltimore's deadliest month since 1996.
Some community leaders tell WJZ since the indictments of six officers in the Freddie Gray case, they think violence has surged because city police have been holding back.
“They're leery of getting out of the cars to even question you. They're leery of even saying hi to you,” said Rev. Keith Bailey, Fulton Heights Neighborhood Association.
“I hear the rumors. I don't believe that,” said Rep. Elijah Cummings, (D) Baltimore.
Congressman Elijah Cummings dismisses the notion that some officers are intentionally doing less.
“You will never convince me that men and women who are sworn to protect and serve people are not doing their best on their jobs. You will not convince me of that,” said Cummings.
But the president of Baltimore's police, Lt. Gene Ryan, union tells WJZ:
“The criminals are taking advantage of the situation in Baltimore since the unrest. Criminals feel empowered now. There is no respect. Police are under siege in every quarter. They are more afraid of going to jail for doing their jobs properly than they are of getting shot on duty. Right now they can go to jail for following Supreme Court decisions such as Illinois v. Wardlow. The Baltimore States Attorney's Office essentially overturned the Supreme Court's decision. We hope that all leadership will come together to support the police to move the community forward.”
Baltimore's mayor says surges in violence after indictments of officers have been common in other cities as well.
“Is it challenging us in ways that previously were unimaginable? Absolutely. But we will become a safer city,” Mayor Rawlings-Blake said. “And we're going to do it the right way — in partnership between the community and the police.”
Baltimore's police commissioner tells WJZ he does not believe the violence is random and much of it is gang-related.
Last year, Baltimore saw a total of 210 homicides. So far this year, the city is already up to 111.
The Federal Reserve has lost all credibility on Wall Street, and most of the American public with the absolute refusal to recognize the dire effects on asset prices that QE2 has created. But the refusal is part of the problem. It reinforces the widespread belief of investors that the Fed is out of touch with reality, and that they sit in their Ivory Tower implementing an exceedingly loose monetary policy, with the stated goal of inflating asset prices.
The Fed has refused to even acknowledge the possibility (rather than the indisputable facts) that not only have they inflated selected asset prices like S&P 500, the Dow indexes, but they also have inflated asset prices like food, energy, and clothing which would actually hurt the economy and consumers (See Chart).
Needed - Housing and Wage Inflation Remember, overall inflation is actually being artificially under-reported by the numbers because housing and wages are not inflating. These are the two actual groups of assets that Americans in reality need the Fed to inflate. But Fed's policies have been unable to help and seem to essentially be hurting the housing sector, as higher everyday living costs with stagnant wages tend to reduce disposable income and resources that could be otherwise allocated to saving towards a down payment to purchase a house, improving the real estate sector of the economy.Inflation Exported Would Come Back To Haunt Furthermore, since most of these asset prices are priced in dollar, the fed has exported dire and extreme inflationary pressures on an already precariously balanced inflationary picture in the emerging market economies from China to India. It is the proverbial throwing of jet fuel on a barbeque for most of the economies. Yes, Bernanke is right that these countries had inflationary problems before based upon their undervaluing currencies. Nevertheless, this is how their economies have been set up in the global trade role that has been 30 years in the making. These countries just couldn`t revalue their currencies near enough to still keep their role as exporting, cheap labor manufacturers, without sending the entire region into a 10-year depression which would bring the entire world into a depression not seen since the Great Depression.Unmanageable Inflation Elsewhere Given the fact that these manufacturing exporting countries cannot meaningfully revalue their currencies, they are basically stuck with an endemic higher level of inflation compared with the developed economies, but it is still manageable. Now, with the US`s persistently loose monetary policies exacerbated by QE2, raising input costs for commodities used in abundance by these manufacturing, cheap labor economies like Oil, Copper, Cotton, and Iron Ore (See Chart), these policies are exporting additional inflationary pressures to these developing economies.
This results in making what would be a manageable level of inflation in China of around 3.5 to 4% an unmanageable level of inflation at 5.5 to 6%, and maybe even higher as the full effects of the inflation of commodity asset prices have not yet fully been incorporated and manifested in the Chinese manufacturing economy.Long Live the Inflation Trade The other area where Ben Bernanke`s stubbornness of acknowledging the effects of QE2 on food and energy prices, i.e., the rise in prices is due strictly to demand reasons, Middle East tensions, and product shortages and in no part to a loose monetary policy which encourages traders to make the following trade:
Loose monetary policy is dollar negative (printing money, currency devaluation, etc). Commodities like Oil, Gold, Silver, Wheat, Corn, Cotton, Copper are Dollar negative Hedges Therefore, put on the following trade: Short the dollar, and go long commodities.
This is the famous inflation trade is having been going on and off for the past 10 years by fund managers around the world. This trade has been in the investing 101 handbooks for 50 plus years. And the fact that Ben Bernanke never admits to knowing about these trade dynamics in the marketplace, and how his policy initiate of QE2 actually encourages, facilitates and even mandates that fund managers around the world put on this very trade is beyond a rational explanation.Inflationary Effects Are Transitory? In addition, it is even more incredulous of Bernanke and his failure to acknowledge any role whatsoever for the feds function in these higher commodity prices when their stated goal is to in fact inflate asset prices. Whenever he is interviewed about this very question he always uses the standard response that inflationary pressures are not due to the recent Fed policy of QE2. I guess these are assets that the Federal Reserve has expressly forbidden traders to inflate. However, Bernanke also adds that these inflationary effects are transitory in nature--he has been saying "transitory" for over 6 months now. How long does it take for 'transitory" to become "stuck in the economy, and cannot get rid of without a massive rate hike sledgehammer"?Fed Out of Touch with Reality It is starting to sound like a broken record, and it is completely divorced from the facts in the marketplace, or the facts on the ground for those not in the Ivory Tower. It is this main street denial that has reinforced the notion that Bernanke and his dovish colleagues with their incessant soft selling of inflation in their comments regarding inflation questions every week that they are out of touch with reality. This "fed out of touch with reality" notion only goes to reinforce the very "Inflation /Currency Devaluation Trade" causing traders to pile even more capital into shorting the US Dollar and going long Commodities because it is only going to get worse down the line. This is what is referred to as inflation expectations.Dovish Fed Undermines The Dollar The fed policies regarding QE2 are not near as damaging for the US Dollar as traders perceptions of the Fed policy of QE2, and judging by the rise in Silver alone will tell you, traders perceptions of QE2 is extremely negative. And that old adage perception is reality takes hold and traders do far more damage to the US Dollar than any actual currency devaluation due to QE2 by going heavily short the currency. Traders and their perceptions right now are what is really hurting the US Dollar and Bernanke has failed to realize this fact. Another interesting question for Bernanke and his Dovish colleagues, and it appears that even the more hawkish members of the Fed are still to dovish in their market comments regarding inflation. Probably because they all are in the upper income bracket on a percentage basis compared with the average US consumer, and are largely immune to the ridiculous six month rise in food and energy prices felt by the average American citizen. The Fed can change all that on the 27th of April with either a cutting short of QE2, or an equally hawkish wording of the fed statement with a nod towards tightening sooner than previously indicated in past policy statement wording.Everyone Worries Except the Fed might ask themselves the following question:
How come at every Speech where there is a question and answer session that you are asked about inflation?
Or how come every reporter when interviewing a fed member asks them about their role in causing inflation around the world and how this is contributing to political and social instability in emerging economies?
Is this just by coincidence, all these reporters and questions revolving around inflation effects? The answer is that these questions are being asked for a reason, and that alone is a problem for the fed.
TV watchers will recall the familiar advertising trope of yesteryear in which we were told “4 out of 5 dentists [or doctors] recommend” using fluoride toothpaste, aspirin for headaches, or some such. We were always left to wonder whether that fifth doctor was a moron or something, never pausing to consider that the fifth doctor might well recommend the same thing, but emphasize something else first (like flossing perhaps, or Tylenol instead of aspirin because of sensitive stomachs, etc). But Archie Bunker was coming back on the air in 30 seconds, so most of us didn't follow up on these puzzles.
Likewise we ought to wonder about the favorite cliché of the Climatistas these days—that “97 percent of scientists ‘believe in' climate change.” As I've written before, the only real surprise is that the number isn't 100 percent. There is virtually no one who thinks the climate hasn't changed or won't change in the future, or that there is no human influence on the phenomenon. The leading so-called “skeptics”—like MIT's Richard Lindzen or Cato's Patrick Michaels or NASA's John Christy or Roy Spencer—would be included in the 97 percent figure. I'm guessing the outlying 3 percent are actually just anomalies of an arbitrary classification scheme (more on this in a moment) that serve the same point as a magician's misdirection—to get you to buy an illusion. In this case, the illusion is that the scientific community is nearly unanimous in thinking we're on the brink of catastrophe unless we hand our car keys over to Al Gore.
No one can possibly keep up with the flood of scientific articles published on climate-related topics these days (we're spending way too much on climate research right now, but that's a topic for another day), so it is ridiculous to offer sweeping generalizations like this about the character of the scientific literature. I keep up with a fair amount of it in Nature, Science, and a couple of the other main journals, and what is quite obvious is that most climate-related articles are about specific aspects of climate, such as observed changes in localized ecosystems, measurement refinements (like ocean temperatures, etc), energy use and projections, and large data analysis. Many of these articles do not take a position on the magnitude of possible future warming, and fewer still embrace giving the car keys over to Al Gore. Only a handful deal with modeling of future climate change, and this is where the debate over climate sensitivity and the severe limitations of the models (especially as relates to clouds) is quite lively and—dare I say it—unsettled. (Just read the IPCC Working Group I chapter on climate models if you don't believe me.) The “97 percent of scientists ‘believe in' climate change” cliché is an appalling abuse of science, and a bad faith attempt to marginalize anyone who dissents from the party line that we need to hand our car keys over to Al Gore. The tacit message is: if you dissent from the party line, you must be in that 3 percent who think you shouldn't brush your teeth, take painkillers for headches, etc.
Where did this 97 percent figure come from? This story has become interesting over the last few days. The most prominent form of it comes from Prof. John Cook of the University of Queensland in a paper published last year that purported to have reviewed over 11,000 climate science articles. Does anyone really believe that Cook and his eight co-authors actually read through all 11,000 articles? Actually, the abstract of the paper supports the point I made above that most papers don't actually deal with what the Climatistas say:
We find that 66.4% of abstracts expressed no position on AGW [Anthropogenic Global Warming], 32.6% endorsed AGW, 0.7% rejected AGW and 0.3% were uncertain about the cause of global warming. Among abstracts expressing a position on AGW, 97.1% endorsed the consensus position that humans are causing global warming. [Emphasis added.]
Pause here and note that it is odd to see that some folks apparently haven't gotten the memo that you're not supposed to call it “global warming”—“climate change” is the term of art now. Anyway, to continue, read this slowly and carefully:
Among abstracts expressing a position on AGW, 97.1% endorsed the consensus position that humans are causing global warming. In a second phase of this study, we invited authors to rate their own papers. Compared to abstract ratings, a smaller percentage of self-rated papers expressed no position on AGW (35.5%). Among self-rated papers expressing a position on AGW, 97.2% endorsed the consensus.
Let's translate: Among the one-third of papers that “endorse” the “consensus,” there is near unanimity. In other words, among people who agree with the consensus, nearly all of them agree with the consensus. Again—the only mystery here is that the number isn't 100 percent. Perhaps this would have been too embarrassing to report, like a North Korean election. For this exercise all climate scientists may as well be called named Kim Jong Il.
The plot thickens. Prof. Cook refused to share his data with anyone. Shades of the East Anglia mob and their tree ring data. But also like the East Anglia mob, someone at the University of Queensland left the data in the ether of the internet, and blogger Brandon Shollenberger came across it and starting noting its weaknesses. Then the predictable thing happened: the University of Queensland claims that the data was hacked, and sent Shollenbeger a cease-and-desist letter. That just speaks lots of confidence and transparency, doesn't it?
The irrepressible Steve McIntyre of ClimateAudit has more, including a link to the inevitable Hitler parody video. But just remember this: 4 out of 5 claims by the Climatistas are self-serving political tommyrot. (And more here from The Daily Caller.)
Plenty of things make the Grateful Dead a band that should completely disinterest me: The marathon concerts, the unflinchingly loyal (and oft-lampooned) fanbase, the band's surviving members attempting to keep the dream alive despite the decades-long absences of key players. And let's not start on the noodling. Oh, the noodling. It would appear as though the deck is stacked against any likelihood of my being a ‘Deadhead.'
While I would not go that far in describing my relationship with ‘The Dead,' I would comfortably describe myself as a fan. Am I as big a fan as my mother? I don't think anyone could ever be. But could a band with such lasting appeal and wide-ranging influence really have nothing to offer to music lovers of my generation?
What I've found to be the best way to appreciate the Grateful Dead (the band) is to essentially forget about “the Grateful Dead” (the brand). As we approach the 20th anniversary of Jerry Garcia's death, it's becoming harder and harder for people under a certain age to recognize the Dead as anything more substantial than a cultural shorthand. Think of it this way: the day when people don't realize that the Ramones or Nirvana were anything beyond words on a $30 t-shirt is already here. But this isn't about them.
By the way, things may get rocky from here on out. Please keep an open mind.
Like any other band, the Dead's catalogue has its ups and downs. For me, 100% of those ‘downs' are the live albums. Longtime fans will tell you that the only way to properly experience the Dead was to see them live. A live album must be the next best thing, right? Not really. Live albums as a whole are dicey at best and the Dead's legendary concerts just don't translate that well to recordings.
Sure, there might be that one show where Jerry had a head cold and Bob had to sing all his parts, or maybe you were in the crowd at a show that wound up on Without A Net. Personal context is great for the people who experienced those performances firsthand, but a newcomer isn't going to find much to latch onto in an endless loop of “Drums > Space > Drums.” (As an aside, one of my favorite Dead-adjacent releases is, oddly enough, the 1991 self-titled double live album by the Jerry Garcia Band. But this is not about them, either.)
Instead, I'd encourage the unfamiliar (or otherwise resistant) to stick exclusively to the Grateful Dead's studio output. The constraints of a recording studio, not to mention the finite amount of tape at their disposal, helped to wrangle the Dead's exploratory tendencies into more concise doses. Even then, Dead albums can be extremely hit-or-miss. I'm personally fond of American Beauty, Terrapin Station and From The Mars Hotel, and even each of those has at least one song I'd skip. Now, I realize that those three albums don't give a full representation of the styles the Dead tried out, but I think they give a proper overview of what the Dead did best.
American Beauty is frequently cited as being the height of the band's studio efforts, and it's plenty deserving of that honor. After dialing their psychedelic freakouts down a few notches at the end of the '60s, the Dead showcased their songwriting chops with this album. The largely acoustic arrangements are warm and welcoming, and the songs' relatively brief running times keep American Beauty from being too monolithic.
Terrapin Station is the dark horse of my recommendations, as it's one of the band's more experimental moments. Thing is, where other albums feature loose jams that run the risk of going nowhere, Terrapin (its side-long title track, especially) is not improvised, it's orchestrated. That makes all the difference, as the song goes from movement to movement in a thrilling rush of strings and over-processed guitars. To that end, save for the lurching, reggae-inflected opener “Estimated Prophet,” the album's first side is largely forgettable. All that's to say that the Dead were never a perfect band. But it's those very missteps that make them more approachable, more human.
From The Mars Hotel falls somewhere in the middle, literally and figuratively. Released in '74 and featuring a smattering of free-roaming and more rigidly structured songs, the album has an overarching laid-back feel that is hard to resist. The snide, giddy “U.S. Blues” and the dreamy “Ship Of Fools” bookend the album, and though it might not contain the band's most iconic songs, From The Mars Hotel is a transitional album that stands up surprisingly well on its own.
In my opinion, the legacy of the Grateful Dead has worked against the band as often as it's work in their favor. I'd argue that countless other bands, some of them peers, some of them descendants, do or did what the Dead did just as well, if not better. For throwback rock rave-ups, I'm a CCR kinda guy. And I like to think that Jerry would really dig the organic experiments of Brooklyn's Woods.
I don't expect to change anyone's mind about the Grateful Dead. Whether you like them a lot, a little bit or not at all really doesn't matter to me. With these thoughts, I don't mean to disparage anyone's favorite band, and I certainly don't mean to hurt any feelings. What I do hope to do is make you think critically about any art that you hold dear, and what makes that connection so strong. And consider which has longer staying power: the music or the myth.
Comments
There was a moment in the final minute of the game where senior UCF receiver J.J. Worton pulled a towel over his mouth, pushed his football helmet halfway back and took a knee on the sideline to pray as the clock ticked down during the Knights' season-opening 26-24 loss to Penn State in Dublin.
Worton had a vivid, bitter memory of South Carolina rallying to beat UCF at Bright House Networks Stadium last season. Being forced to digest another from the sideline as a senior was so painful, in fact, that Worton guaranteed the Knights would never repeat that experience for the rest of the season.
“I'm not gonna make any promises, but I can make sure we're not gonna lose a game like that again,” Worton said after practice Friday.
UCF coach George O'Leary preaches to his players that losses should only linger for 24 hours. But there's a sense that players want to punish Missouri on Sept. 13 for their frustrating loss to Penn State. To their advantage, the Knights are off Saturday and have two weeks to break down Missouri tape, correct their own mistakes and adjust to life under a new starting quarterback in sophomore Justin Holman.
Players watched the game tape on their loss for the first time Tuesday and that was the last time Penn State was mentioned. Now, they're eyeing the Tigers.
“We're [itching] to go play against Missouri and of course we don't have everything finalized yet, but at the same time we're waiting,” said senior free safety Brandon Alexander. “We wish we had the game this Saturday against them, but again we gotta make sure that we do what we're supposed to do to get back on track on offense, defense, special teams.”
And for defense, that means perfecting fundamentals of a veteran secondary that returns all four starters. Alexander said his group took the majority of the blame for the loss after allowing Penn State to march into field goal territory. The group gave up six deep balls against the Nittany Lions.
“From a fundamental standpoint, we weren't in keys and in contact with the calls and everything and I felt like that's what really messed us up,” Alexander said. “And a couple of key missed tackles was a part of the reason why we did lose that game.”
UCF arguably has more adjustments than improvements to its offense as Holman, who replaced redshirt freshman starter Pete DiNovo, formally slipped into his starting role Thursday. The Knights also welcomed back running Will Stanback, who had limited practice time for the past two weeks due to a foot injury, and senior receiver Rannell Hall.
Hall was cleared by doctors last Wednesday after missing an entire month of practice with an elbow injury. His teammates cheered for him when he hit the field again Thursday.
“I was so anticipating just to be back out there with my brothers out there and just being back on the field,” Hall said.
With a full, healthy roster of players back, the Knights are eagerly looking forward to their next game.
“We're just ready to get back on the field and make adjustments and get that sour taste out of our mouth,” Worton said. “… We came in and watched film one time through and then we made the adjustments and corrections and now, [we have] high tempo and high competition right now and know we're gonna be going in with a toughness attitude that we're not gonna lose this game.”
If you have news tips or would like to submit a story idea, please e-mail Shannon Owens-Green at sjowens@orlandosentinel.com. Follow her on Twitter at @osknights
In Oregon, after a group of militia-men and “patriots” sent out a call to action to assemble in protest on Saturday for father-son arsonist duo Dwight Hammond Jr. and Steven Hammond, the Hammonds are saying that the protest was neither asked for nor wanted, and that the protesters do not represent the sentiment of the family.
The father and son, who are facing up to four years each in federal prison after burning over 100 acres of federal land, say that they do not support the protest and plan to surrender to the police on January 4th as previously directed.
The men who assembled were headed by Ammon Bundy, the son of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy, who was involved in an armed standoff with the government over grazing rights.
In the video posted on YouTube, one of the men was draped in an American flag while another pulled out a pocket copy of the constitution and claimed that it was “in violation.”
The men made a plan to march through town, and dozens joined them in their march which ended at the headquarters of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge where they planned to stay “for years, absolutely,” according to Ammon Bundy.
So far, police have called for their officers and others to stay away from the building in order to decrease tensions and keep the protest peaceful.
Cliven Bundy, the original inspiration for this vigilante protest, has said that while he felt he would have acted differently, he supports the actions of his son.
“That's not exactly what I thought should happen, but I didn't know what to do,” he said. “You know, if the Hammonds wouldn't stand, if the sheriff didn't stand, then, you know, the people had to do something. And I guess this is what they did decide to do. I wasn't in on that.”
It seems that if the Hammonds don't want to take action, then no action should have been taken, but clearly these “patriots” know better.
FINALS football could be launched on a Thursday night next year after the AFL introduced an end-of-regular-season bye to block clubs from resting players en masse in the lead-up to September.
AFL chief executive Gillon McLachlan on Thursday conceded North Melbourne and Fremantle's decision to rest a combined 20 players in Round 23 this year had been “unsatisfactory” and he wanted to ensure the integrity of the game was never in question.
This year's pre-finals fiasco brought a radical change to the fixture which leaves an entire week football-free in the lead-up to the finals, with the AFL planning to showcase a range of events and awards to maintain the momentum.
“It's a significant decision in regards to ensuring the integrity of our home-and-away competition and the integrity of our game,” McLachlan said.
FULL 2016 AFL FIXTURE: SEE WHO YOUR CLUB FACES EVERY WEEK
“I think what happened in Round 23 this year was unsatisfactory. We are committed to addressing that and we think this will provide a great opportunity to reprogram a series of events in that week to launch into the first week of the finals.”
Key components of the AFL's 2016 fixture, released on Thursday, include:
— AFL football's first Friday night game in Tasmania between North Melbourne and Richmond in Round 11
— A second successive October Grand Final
— The AFL accommodating the A-League grand final by leaving Etihad Stadium vacant on May 1
— Richmond and Hawthorn rewarded with six Friday night features while Carlton is one of six teams without that prime slot
— Geelong's superstar recruit Patrick Dangerfield to take on his old side Adelaide at Adelaide Oval in Round 8, while former Cat and new Giant Steve Johnson will take on his former team in Round 2
Fremantle coach Ross Lyon was critised for his decision to rest players in Round 23 this year. Picture: Getty Source: Getty Images
— Just five Thursday night games, including the season-opener between Richmond and Carlton
— Hawthorn unveiling its 2015 premiership flag in a Grand Final rematch against West Coast in Round 2
— Melbourne and Richmond maintaining its Anzac Eve night clash at the MCG, while the Collingwood-Essendon traditional clash on April 25 is a stand-alone game.
McLachlan said he was confident the week off before the finals would not rob the season of its momentum, but he insisted that the Brownlow Medal won't change from its regular home on the Monday before the Grand Final.
WINNERS & LOSERS: CATS' DREAM DRAW, KANGAROOS IN STRIFE
“There are a lot of things we can do in that time,” he said. “We have gone again with Round 23 being unallocated. That may mean we can plan that scheduling very late.
“We may be able to have a Monday night that decides the finals (make-up), or we could even do a Tuesday.
“We will obviously look at the All-Australian (night), and the NAB Rising Star. There may well be a Legends game, a state league final.
“It may well be that we start the finals series on a Thursday night.”
The NFL has a week off before its Super Bowl and uses the space to showcase its awards nights.
U.S. Military Surplus Waterproof M2A1 .50 Caliber Ammo Can, Used is rated 4.2 out of 5 by 1020 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by PJ Kearns from Was a great price the first time I ordered them. Now the price increased to over 100% !Not happy about that! I need 4 more to donate to a charity after I clean them up. Darn!
Rated 2 out of 5 by Lake Life from Item not as described. Easy to order. Quick delivery. I was really bummed, however, that the ammo can come with the stenciled side sloppily spay painted black. I wanted the stenciling for its vintage look. No where in the photos or description does it say this is possible. Was going to exchange it but they could not guarantee a replacement wouldn't have the same problem.
Rated 4 out of 5 by SgtAbn from Ammo cans One of them perfect the other in at best "fair" condition.
Rated 4 out of 5 by gusnor from not bad overall nice condition. one out of the six I bought had water in it and was rusty inside.
Rated 5 out of 5 by atl99jr from good price as an add-on to an order good quality and a good deal if purchased for less than $10
Rated 4 out of 5 by Yardman from Good Quality Can The can had no damage. The paint was faded considerably but was pleased with quality of can.
Rated 4 out of 5 by CraigM from definately used but still serviceable I ordered six of them. Shipping was a little slow this time but on arrival I noted the following. The cans had some rust (nothing serious) and were spattered with dried mud. I cleaned them up and greased the seals. Worth the price I paid.
Judicial authorities in North Korea have increased their efforts to find the writers of leaflets and graffiti, whose words on the walls of train stations and other public places in major cities have denounced leader Kim Jong-un, sources inside the isolated country said.
Instances of the writings have been growing, despite a months-long investigation by the law enforcement officials to find those responsible along with efforts by authorities to ramp up a propaganda campaign praising his leadership, they said.
Graffiti demeaning Kim Jong-un have been discovered in the last three months in large cities, including the capital Pyongyang, Sariwon, Pyongsong, Hamhung and Chongjin.
But the case that has received the most attention occurred at a train station in the town of Posong in Samsu county, Yanggang province, through which express trains to Pyongyang pass.
Someone there posted a leaflet handwritten in Chinese ink on a wall vilifying Kim Jong-un, said a source from the province who requested anonymity.
“The authorities are trying to hunt down suspects whose handwriting matches that of the writing,” he told RFA's Korean Service. “The leaflet was reportedly plastered right below the portrait of [former leader] Kim Il Sung on a wall.”
Handle with care
The source said he was hesitant to divulge the information because any negative incidents involving Kim Jong-un must be handled carefully lest authorities get wind of them and punish those who spread or disclose them.
“The leaflet found last New Year's Day said, ‘Kim Jong-un is a son of b**** in Chinese ink,” the source said. “There were so many people from across the country mobilized at Posong station on Jan. 1st for the New Year's Day celebrations that the news may have spread nationwide.”
The train station began operating in 1991 when the Posong District for Laborers was built to develop mining activities in the area, he said. The district contains residential homes, health care and cultural facilities, a junior high school, hospital, and stores along the Samsu River.
More than 1,000 district residents held a meeting at the Posong Cultural Center on Jan. 3 to discuss how they would accomplish the tasks that Kim Jong-un had outlined in his annual New Year's address in which he pledged to increase the country's political and military might, the source said.
But the residents at the meeting were much more interested in talking about the leaflet which had been discovered on the same day that Kim Jong-un gave his speech, he said.
“News of the incident spread like wildfire at the rally, which originally had been intended to heighten people's loyalty to the leadership,” he said.
Search for suspects
During the last three months, law enforcement agencies have investigated more than 20,000 residents living on farms and in the district, hoping to find suspects by matching their handwriting to that on the leaflet, sources said. But so far, they have been unsuccessful.
Another source from Yanggang province said news of the incident was spread across the country by college students who had returned to their hometowns during the winter break and by residents' out-of-town relatives who had visited the province from other regions for the New Year's holiday.
“The idolization of Kim Jong-un seems to have been damped down by outrageous rumors about what the graffiti said,” he said.
In June 2011, authorities in Pyongyang effectively shut down the city for three days after they discovered graffiti denouncing Kim Jong Il as a “dictator who starved people to death” on the wall of Pyongyang Railroad College, so that they could search for the culprit among both visitors and residents.
Authorities narrowed down the investigation to students from the college and blocked the movement of people between provinces to try to stop rumors about the incident from spreading, according to a report by the online Daily NK at the time.
Their efforts were unsuccessful, however, because the news reached as far as North Hamgyong province in the country's northeast.
Last October, people across the country defaced posters glorifying North Korea's ruling Korean Workers' Party to show their resentment against the burdens the government imposed upon them in preparation for celebrations marking the 70th anniversary of the party's founding, RFA reported.
Kim Jong-un threatened harsh punishment for those who committed the offenses, but the attacks continued.
Written by Jieun Kim for RFA's Korean Service. Translated by Hee Jung Yang. Written in English by Roseanne Gerin.
As with a lot of the reviewers for this pack I was in the position of wether or not to spend £25 for the multi blade disposables. I first learned to shave with this type of razor and thought why not try them again. This is a great option, you get everything you need for not a lot of money. The brush is not too bad, unlike other reviewers I didn't have the boar smell with mine (maybe I was just lucky) after a few uses it is nice and soft and hasn't lost a lot of the bristles. The blades are very sharp and last around four or five shaves, I haven't used the soap yet as I am still using my Christmas supply of shaving gel, the handle does the job as well as expected. Overall I don't really have much to gripe about this pack it's great for the price and you get a really good close shave, as with a lot of other reviewers I use a balm after shaving, so I would recommend doing the same. Enjoy.
Update:
I started using several different makes of soap soon after my original review and I have to say the Arko is the best I have used so far, really nice smell and it lathers up a lot better than the others.
As for the handle I dropped it into the sink and one side of it popped out of the hinge, I put it back in and it just ahs not been the same since, so I have upgraded it to a Merkur 1904 which is working out quite nicely so far.
Ontario issued its first permits for autonomous vehicles on Monday, meaning the first driverless car will hit Ontario's public roads during the first quarter of 2017.
Autonomous vehicles owned by the University of Waterloo, Blackberry and the Erwin Hymer Group have all been approved for testing on the province's roads.
Ontario launched the Automated Vehicle Program in October 2015 but had received no applications for permits and public testing through at least July 2016. It took nearly a year for the first company to apply for a permit to test autonomous cars on provincial roads.
The province didn't say how many applications were put forward or whether any were denied.
The University of Waterloo Centre for Automotive Research (WatCAR) is currently testing two autonomous vehicles in a large parking lot in Stratford, Ont. The school plans to have one of them -- with a human at the wheel for safety's sake -- on the road during the first quarter of 2017.
“We're honored to be the first approved participant,” WatCAR Managing Director Ross McKenzie said. “We anticipate having additional vehicles sometime next year.”
McKenzie said the approval process took two months. A licensed, functioning vehicle was needed and the school had to indicate its intentions for the vehicle.
“I would say it was reasonable process. It wasn't fast, but it was complete and thorough without being onerous,” McKenzie said.
The permits allow companies and researchers to test autonomous technology in real-world situations on public roads.
“Autonomous Vehicles can only be on the roads with a permit -- the permit must be with the driver and in the vehicle at all times it is being driven -- and there are a few safety precautions inherent to the pilot,” Ministry of Transportation spokeswoman Andrea Ernesaks said in an email.
For example, the driver of an autonomous vehicle be present in the vehicle at all times, in the driver's seat, and have a valid driver's license for the class of vehicle being operated.
Waterloo's autonomous vehicle comes with a bright red kill switch, outlined with a yellow circle, that will disable the autonomy at a moment's notice, McKenzie said.
“As a university research center, our ultimate goal is to make the vehicle operate safely. Safety is our first priority,” McKenzie said. “I understand people's apprehension.”
Traditional drivers' rules of the road also apply to someone operating an autonomous vehicle.
“This is a direction in automotive engineering innovation that we are proud to lead in Canada, and we applaud the Government of Ontario for their foresight,” said University of Waterloo's Dean of Faculty of Engineering Pearl Sullivan, who was taken to Monday's announcement in an autonomous vehicle.
October 18, 2017 – It is with great sadness that Automation.com has learned that automation industry legend Dick Morley passed away on October 17, 2017. Widely known as the ‘Father of the PLC', Morley was the initial designer of the first PLC, produced by Modicon nearly 50 years ago. Morley was also a fervent entrepreneur, and heavily active in engineering and automation education, especially with the International Society of Automation.
An avid writer, in addition to automation guru, Mr. Morley has written several books and blessed Automation.com with numerous writing contributions over the years, not just about PLCs, but various anecdotes and cartoons from his decades of engineering experience and his entertaining thoughts on life. His Goin' Fishin comic series continues to serve as poignant and humorous reflections of his time in the industry.
More details and reflections on Mr. Morley's remarkable life will continue to be shared in the days to come. In the meantime, Automation.com sends its thoughts and best wishes to the family and friends of the automation industry pioneer.
The governments of the UAE – the seven emirate-level governments plus the federal government – plan to heed IMF recommendations to reduce spending on subsidies by more than a third across 2015, the data show.
The UAE will cut spending in 2015 for the first time in 13 years, as low oil prices lead the government to take major action on reducing energy subsidies, according to the first official breakdown of the government's spending plans for the year.
Government spending is set to fall by 4.2 per cent to Dh460 billion in 2015, down from Dh480bn last year, data from the Central Bank and the IMF shows. The country had increased spending by an average rate of 12 per cent each year since 2004.
The governments of the UAE – the seven emirate-level governments plus the federal government – plan to acknowledge IMF recommendations to reduce spending on subsidies by more than a third across 2015, the data show.
Spending on subsidies is set to fall by 34.3 per cent to Dh13bn this year, which represents a Dh6.8bn reduction. That is a result both of falls in commodity prices, and the phasing out of subsidies on consumer products.
Reductions in subsidies have already begun – Abu Dhabi Distribution Company ended subsidies on electricity and water for expats in January, and the Ministry of Energy has announced plans to phase out fuel subsidies. The government also plans to reduce grants by almost half – with spending set to fall to Dh11.3bn, down from Dh21.9bn last year.
The UAE plans to increase spending on public sector wages by 3.4 per cent this year, with the government's wage bill set to increase to Dh 48.8bn this year, up from Dh47.2 bn last year.
abouyamourn@thenational.ae
Follow The National's Business section on Twitter
(Left to right: Scott Olson/Getty Images, Mario Tama/Getty Images, Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Updated, May 7, 6:40 p.m. | Federal regulators said on Thursday afternoon that the nation's 19 largest banks must raise $75 billion in extra capital by November, a verdict more upbeat than the industry had expected.
On Thursday, the government is set to announce the results of the financial stress tests for 19 large banks. Sources have already disclosed what most experts already knew: some of the biggest banks are still short of of money, though they may not be receiving more federal funds.
The stress test was put in place to determine whether the banks can get through the recession and shore up confidence in the federal oversight of the nation's banks. Has this process achieved these goals? Or, as critics claim, has the process failed to measure the depth of the banks' problems?
An Insufficient Effort
Yves Smith has written the blog Naked Capitalism since 2006. She has spent more than 25 years in the financial services industry and currently head of Aurora Advisors, a management consulting firm.
In the Opinion section Timothy Geithner: How We Tested the Big Banks
The fact that the stress tests took place at all was an admission of regulatory failure. Financial firms are subject to oversight, most important, of safety and soundness, on an ongoing basis. The notion that a one-shot effort is a substitute for insufficient supervision is spurious.
Given that the minders were badly behind the curve thanks to years of believing that the industry could manage itself prudently, a crash effort to catch up was not a bad idea. But this should have taken place a year ago, when Bear Stearns exposed that no one really knew what was up at these firms. The fact that a bailout package was crafted based on a cursory emergency weekend review of complex trading exposures clearly demonstrated the dangers of ignorance.
These stress tests fell far short of the needed level of review.
But the stress tests fell far short of the needed level of review. First, they were administered by the industry based on scenarios provided by the industry. Most observers found the “adverse” case to be too optimistic. Even worse, banks got to use their own risk models, the same ones that got them into trouble. And there was no independent verification of the quality of the accounting. The number of examiners per bank was well short of what you'd need to probe a single business, much less an entire firm.
Second, the industry got to negotiate the results. This is simply unheard of. That suggests both a lack of confidence in the process and a lack of belief on the part of the key actors (Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, in particular) that the government needs to set the parameters and demand compliance.
Not a Real Test at All
William K. Black, an associate professor of economics and law at the University of Missouri-Kansas City, is author of “The Best Way to Rob a Bank Is to Own One.” He served as a senior official for, among other government agencies, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Office of Thrift Supervision.
Leaks claim that the test found that Bank of America needs $33.9 billion in additional capital. The bank reportedly has the highest requirement of any of the banks that were tested. Treasury officials are leaking furiously that the results of the stress tests prove that no large bank is insolvent or even seriously undercapitalized. The stress tests, as predicted (and designed) have found that there is no banking crisis — all is well. Even Bank of America can “raise” the “additional” capital with the stroke of a pen by designating prior aid from the Treasury as “capital.”
Treasury used a ‘one size fits all' stress test that grossly understated derivatives risk — the primary risk that the largest banks face.
The case of Bank of America illustrates the mysterious nature of the stress tests. Here's what we've been told: the Federal Reserve sent roughly 180 examiners for about eight weeks into the 19 biggest banks. In that time period a team of that size would be able to examine the asset quality of two or three massive banks with plain vanilla assets. You cannot do a meaningful stress test without examining thoroughly each bank's asset quality. Doing a meaningful stress test takes weeks after completing the asset examination.
It is a particularly complex, individualized process when the assets are financial derivatives because evaluating counter-party risk is exceptionally difficult. We know that Treasury used a “one size fits all” stress test that grossly understated derivatives risk — the primary risk that the largest banks face.
Bottom line: there were no real examinations. Banks continue to overstate asset quality. The bankers pressured Congress, which extorted the Financial Accounting Standards Board, which gutted the accounting rules on loss recognition. Because there were no real examinations, there were no real stress tests. So only one question is key: why does Treasury believe that anyone will believe its compound fiction?
How to Read the Results
Douglas Elliott, a former investment banker, is a fellow in the Initiative on Business and Public Policy at the Brookings Institution.
Regulators have just put the country's 19 largest banks through a comprehensive “stress test” to estimate their ability to withstand an economy worse than what has been predicted. We will learn two key things when the results are released on Thursday afternoon. First, how much more capital will the regulators require the banks to raise? Second, what does this tell us about how deep the banking crisis will be?
If the need for capital exceeds $200 billion, the system is in trouble.
There have been a number of leaks confirming my previous estimate that the total capital raised will be between $100 and $200 billion (see “Interpreting the Bank Stress Tests”). The banks are being given two numbers, the total capital they need and how much has to be in the form of common stock, the strongest form of capital. The big need will be coming up with more common stock –- most of this can be achieved by converting the government's preferred shares into common shares. Taxpayers will effectively be going from lenders to partners. We'll have more risk, but more potential return as well.
A capital need in this expected range will not tell us much about how the regulators really feel. A larger number would require the government to commit taxpayers' funds that might force an early return to Congress for more money, which both the administration and Congress desperately want to avoid. So if the number exceeds $200 billion, it will mean the regulators truly are worried about the system. If we get a number smaller than $100 billion, it will be a positive sign that things are better than they have looked, since there is political room to go above $100 billion.
Lessons Learned
Simon Johnson is a professor at the M.I.T. Sloan School of Management and co-founder of the global crisis Web site BaselineScenario. He is a senior fellow the Peterson Institute for International Economics and a regular contributor to the Times's Economix blog.
We've learned a great deal from the stress tests, but not perhaps what we hoped to learn.
The tests, of course, were billed as assessing the capital adequacy of major banks, i.e., would banks have enough capital if the recession proves deeper and loan losses larger than the current consensus expectation? But the “stress” scenario used by the government turns out to be a mild and short-lived downturn, so the tests were effectively designed to allow everyone to pass. Actual official outcomes for each bank are the result of complicated closed door negotiations, and at the bank level all we have learned is who has more or less political power.
The handling of the stress tests shows the administration prefers to adopt a “wait and see” policy toward banks.
The big lesson is how the government will treat the financial system. Larry Summers has made it plain that the Obama administration will do what it takes to “support financial intermediation,” and sees this as a “critical node” to ensure an economic recovery. A Goldman Sachs report out this week (and the documents of this firm read increasingly like official policy statements) makes the point clearly — big banks will earn their way back to solvency through exercising their greater market power (Lehman and Bear Stearns are gone), government-subsidized debt (courtesy of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation), and various forms of implicit subsidy (through “legacy” loan removal programs).
The handling of the stress tests shows the administration prefers to adopt a “wait and see” policy toward banks. If the economy recovers, this will help the banks get back on their feet. If the economy doesn't recover, more subsidies for banks will soon be in the mail.
A Far-Too-Public Test
Bert Ely is a banking consultant.
The bank stress tests should never have been launched in such a public manner — they represent a serious public-policy blunder that hopefully will not be repeated. Government banking supervision has always had, or is supposed to have, a forward-looking element to it. Accordingly, banking supervisors are supposed to communicate to a bank the actions it must take to remain well capitalized in the face of current and anticipated economic conditions. Banks are then supposed to take those actions. All of this is done quietly so that market and public confidence in a bank is not rattled as a bank and its government overseers debate what actions a bank must take to remain in good financial condition.
Within a month or two, we may hear cries for another stress test, which will continue to muddy the waters about the banks' conditions.
The stress tests have been harmful in two regards. First, the Treasury white paper describing the tests was so vague as to undermine the credibility of the tests. Consequently, the stress test results may lack credibility, too, especially if enough investors believe that they paint too rosy a picture of the financial condition of those banks seen as the most troubled.
Second, many view the stress tests as a one-off review of the banks where as banking supervision, of necessity, is a continuous process for the simple reason that conditions within a bank and within the economy are constantly changing. Within a month or two, we may hear fresh cries for another stress test, which will continue to muddy the waters about the conditions of the nation's largest banks.
Investors and regulators instead should view bank stock prices — specifically the ratio of the market value of a bank's common equity to the book value of that equity — as a far better and more timely measure of a bank's financial condition and prospects.
A Nice Melodrama
Alex J. Pollock, a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, spent 35 years in banking, including 12 years as chief executive of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago.
The stress tests have definitely achieved their principal purpose, which was, as I see it, to show that the Administration had a plan and was doing something: “Our plan is to have stress tests, and we are carrying them out.” A nice drama, or melodrama, ensued, with a problem, the build up of suspense, and a happy ending, as shown by the big rally in relevant bank stock prices as the results were leaked.
Stress tests in general are a perfectly sensible, traditional financial idea: see how some entity fares in a given set of scenarios. Of course, much depends on all the estimates that go into such a test. It is ironic that the tranched subprime mortgage-backed securities that have caused so much trouble for everybody were all given credit ratings by stress tests.
Booms are full of overoptimism, busts of overpessimism. It may be that the stress tests are part of a transition to a helpful, less pessimistic stage.
As Internet technology matures and evolves, we are seeing the emergence of the "sensory" internet, a multi-sensory virtual space where devices can transmit smells, taste and touch over the web. Examples of these sensory technologies can be seen in products available today including:
3D glasses that surround wearers with holographic imagery (example: Microsoft's HoloLens) such that users can roam through virtual environments; The use of voice commands and gestures (HoloLens can be commanded by voice, hand gestures – and can track eye movements and adjust holograms to where the viewer is looking); 3D sound (spatial surround, which has to do with sound positioning effects as broadcast from a source to a user); and, Haptic technologies (for instance, HiWave Technologies offers a haptic controller integrated circuit that simulates touch, while Senseg has developed a touch technology that generates the feeling of touching virtual buttons on smooth surfaces). [Disclosure: Microsoft is a client of Clabby Analytics.]
Of these new and evolving sensory technologies, I'm most excited about Microsoft's HoloLens – a wearable, glasses-driven 3D/hologram environment. This environment uses a powerful depth camera to sense and help create images, a powerful, self-contained computing environment captures data from the surrounding environment using up to 18 sensors – and is capable of processing terabytes of data every second, and this computer controls lenses that help create depth perception.
I remember wondering back in 2000 how a glasses-environment would be able to process all of the data needed to display holographic images – I suspected that back-end computers would have to process that data and then find a way to wirelessly present that data to glasses displays. Further, I suspected that the modern commercial processor technologies at that time (x86, POWER, UltraSPARC, and Itanium) would reach their physical limitation somewhere in the 5-10 Ghz range – so I was still unsure how even the most modern back-end processors would be able to process terabytes of data and then transmit holographic representations wirelessly to 3D display glasses.
The answer to my computer headroom/processing quandary comes in the form of specialized processors. In my day job I'm a technology research analyst – and much of my research agenda for the past year has been focused on changes taking place in server technologies that allow specific workloads to be processed exponentially faster than ever before.
More specifically, I've been writing about how traditional central processing units (CPUs) are being complimented by graphical processing units (GPUs) and field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) to streamline parallel processing and data communication speed. As examples of this shift in traditional server design, consider this report on VelociData (a streamlined x86/FPGA environment), The Now Factory (another x86/FPGA environment) and this CRN news report on Nvidia/IBM GPU/traditional processor interrelationship. This same idea – using specialized, optimized processors to drive specific computing functions is now being applied by Microsoft to build 3D holographic glasses.
A Closer Look at Microsoft's HoloLens
Systems designers have known for years that it is important to choose the right processor to handle the right job. For instance, this abstract published in 2009 describes how an Intel x86 processor was used to process a cylindrical hologram, taking 4,406 hours to complete the job. By switching to a GPU, which was designed for processing highly parallel, streamed workloads, the same job was processed in 95 hours -- a 47X improvement. And this was before the invention of holographic processing units (HPUs).
A closer look at Microsoft's HoloLens shows that it uses a CPU, a GPU and a specialized holographic processing unit to process terabytes of data being delivered to these processors by sensors in the glasses. Each of these processing units has been assigned specific computing tasks for which they have been optimized.
For instance, one processor can be used to process and project data, while another is used to manipulate lenses to create appropriate holographic depth. HPUs are capable of processing terabytes of information from sensors in real time.
As part of my research for this blog I requested further information from Microsoft (via their press relations agency) regarding the actual structure of the HPUs. What I want to know is what the processors look like, how many cores are being used, what the power consumption characteristics of these processors are and more. Unfortunately this information is not readily available at this time (but I will keep trying to find out more about the technical characteristics of Microsoft's HPU).
Visualize This
In 2000 I wrote a book entitled Visualize This: Collaboration, Communication, and Commerce in the 21st Century in which I argued that one of the future directions for the Internet would be sensory driven. I called this evolution the “sensory virtual Internet” – and I described some of the technologies that were under development at that time that could enable people to experience the world around them using sensory technologies.
In that book I described how:
The present two-dimensional (2D) world would evolve toward 3D imagery and holographics; Haptic (touch) technologies would simulate “feel” (a process known as tactiotation); Sound would become more realistic (multidirectional); Taste would be experienced (by printing sweet, sour, bitter, salty and umami [savory] flavors on bland, consumable cards); and, Smell would be electronically produced (laughingly referred to at the time as “smell-o-vision).
There were several shortcomings in that book (such as a failure to identify the importance of sensor technologies (Internet-of-Things devices such as seismic devices, temperature sensors, medical sensors and more) that feed data to today's Big Data analytics systems. And I failed to predict the rise and importance of mobile devices (I was not alone here – several major vendors and research analysts also missed this evolving trend). And I admit that I had an overzealous view that sensory technologies would be heavily funded – a view that burst when the tech bubble popped in 2002. (Note, however, that virtual reality technologies are now being heavily funded according to the National Venture Capital Association and various news reports. Venture firms have recently invested more than $1 billion in virtual reality systems, believing that next generation big computing platforms will emerge from virtual- and augmented-reality projects).
Summary Observations
In a way, I'm glad I wrote my book about the “sensory virtual Internet” fifteen years ago. It was fun to take a look at a wide range of technologies and try to envision what the combination of those technologies might bring in the future.
I must admit that I did not know how some of the technical challenges such as holographic display would ultimately be handled. I did not foresee the evolution of specialized microprocessors, or the shrinkage in storage that would lead to the ability to create a wearable holographic environment (so my book suggested that sensory computing would have to happen on back-end servers).
Still, I remember that I had every confidence that these types of technologies would be built. That belief stemmed from a conviction that there would be a personal need for these types of technologies for entertainment, and by businesses for design, collaboration and commerce. I also believed that engineers would be able to overcome several of the technology challenges that I identified in the book (I've met thousands of engineers in the course of my career – and I knew engineers would be unable to resist conquering the challenges of building advanced sensory environments).
I've got to admit that I'm pretty excited about someday entering the sensory virtual Internet. I foresee new learning activities, new ways to collaborate, new ways to visualize my work, new ways to create things and new games to be played.
Perhaps someday our paths will cross as we traverse virtual worlds in the sensory virtual Internet of tomorrow.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
By now, many have heard about the horrific vandalism that recently took place at Susan Cahill's clinic in Montana. But what some people may not know is that Cahill was one of the pioneers in bringing advanced practice clinicians (APCs) into abortion care, thus expanding abortion access in underserved areas.
Susan Cahill stands in her recently vandalized clinic, All Families Healthcare in Kalispell, Montana.
Hatewatch / YouTube
By now, many in the abortion rights community have heard about the horrific vandalism that recently took place at All Families Healthcare in Kalispell, Montana, the family medicine practice of Susan Cahill, a physician assistant (PA). Cahill includes abortions as one of numerous services offered to her patients and this clearly was the reason for the attack. As reported at Rewire and elsewhere, Cahill's clinic was completely destroyed and remains closed as of this writing. Less well known, however, is Cahill's important role, more than 20 years ago, in a consequential event in U.S. abortion care history—an event that continues to resonate today.
In the late 1980s, staff at the National Abortion Federation (NAF) began to hear increasing concerns from member clinics about their difficulties in finding doctors to work at their facilities. (The number of abortion providers peaked in the United States in 1982.) Terms like the “graying of abortion providers”—referring to the cohort of committed abortion doctors who had witnessed the pre-Roe era and were nearing retirement age—and “provider shortage” entered the lexicon of the abortion rights community. In response, NAF, along with the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG), organized a symposium called “Who Will Provide Abortions?” which took place in October 1990 in Santa Barbara, California. The symposium, dominated by physicians both associated with NAF and other, more mainstream medical groups, resulted in a number of important initiatives, including the founding of a postgraduate fellowship program in abortion and family planning and the establishment of requirements for abortion training in OB-GYN residencies.
One of the most significant events that occurred at that symposium was the participation of Susan Cahill from Montana and Rachel Atkins, also a PA, from Vermont. The peculiarities of laws in their respective states permitted abortion provision by PAs, and both these women had amassed an impressive safety record by 1990. Cahill, who had been trained in abortion care in her PA program right after Roe, had worked since 1976 with James Armstrong, a family physician in private practice in Kalispell, while Atkins worked at the Vermont Women's Center, a (now closed) facility that provided a full spectrum of reproductive health services. Both women presented at the symposium, which this writer attended, and made an enormous impression on the attendees. In a highly unusual move for that time, given normal medical politics and hierarchies, the published report of the symposium stated that “appropriately trained midlevel clinicians … offer considerable promise for expanding the pool of abortion providers” and recommended training for certified nurse midwives, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants. (The term “midlevel clinicians,” which was in use then to refer to these three groups, has been largely replaced by “advanced practice clinicians” [APCs].)
The argument for the entrance of these health-care providers into abortion care received a further boost at a second symposium organized by NAF in Atlanta in 1996, which was focused specifically on APCs as abortion providers, and where Atkins and Cahill played a leading role. Since those two meetings, a number of medical organizations—including ACOG, the American Public Health Association, the American Academy of Physician Assistants, the American College of Nurse Midwives, and the National Association of Nurse Practitioners in Women's Health—have issued statements in support of abortion training and provision by APCs.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Susan Cahill, along with her colleague and friend Rachel Atkins, was a pioneer in bringing APCs into abortion care, and thus in expanding access to the procedure in underserved areas. Currently, according to NAF, APCs are providing medication abortion in 15 states and aspiration abortion in six. Indeed, one of the few current bright spots in the beleaguered abortion providing world, at this time of unending states restrictions—the recent passage in California of legislation allowing APCs to provide aspiration abortion (they already were permitted to perform medication abortion)—can be seen as a legacy of the revolution that Cahill, Atkins, and their allies started some 20 years ago.
Cahill has now provided abortions—both medication and aspiration—in Montana for nearly 40 years, continuing on her own after James Armstrong retired. Anti-choice politicians in her state have made concerted efforts to stop her abortion practice, at one point passing a law specifically targeting her. The Montana Supreme Court eventually upheld her right to provide abortions.
The recent destruction of Cahill's clinic was not her first encounter with domestic terrorism. In 1994, the office she shared with Armstrong was firebombed (and eventually rebuilt).
The model of care Cahill has offered all these years—the integration of abortion with primary care—is exactly the vision many have had of how to respond to the reproductive health needs of women in rural communities. Abortions, she told me, represent about 10 percent of her practice. As Cahill wrote in an opinion piece in her local paper after the vandalism:
I have performed health care services for 38 years. I have patients who have been coming to me for that long. I have seen their parents and their children. I provide first trimester abortions AS PART OF THAT SERVICE because I know that the same women who at one time in their life want and are joyful about being pregnant, may, at another, find themselves unable to bring a child into the world. That crisis used to cause them their lives. The truth is that abortions are very simple and safe procedures that most medical professionals, especially those who are trained in women's medicine, can and should do.
The destruction of Cahill's facility not only imposes further hardships on women in the region, who now must make a trip of several hours to access safe abortion care—the vandalism also deprives, at least for the time being, the three generations of locals for whom she has been providing primary care. These patients, men and women, are also casualties of the abortion wars. As Cahill wrote to me, speaking of anti-choice terrorism, “When will this ever stop?”
Backstops move to the forefront in NLCS The steady hands of catchers (and ex-catchers) will guide NLCS
When last observed in the land of kayaks and moving masts, the Giants had reached the brink of humiliation - and it felt like elimination.
Anxious fans sat mostly in silence through a two-day festival of nothing. We know AT&T isn't a hitters' park, but that was ridiculous.
The Cincinnati Reds didn't seem to mind, laying waste to the countryside, but something came over the Giants upon their arrival at Great American Ball Park.
Their three-game sweep has been dubbed "The Hunter Games" by Chronicle reader Bob Burch, in honor of Hunter Pence's fiery speeches, and each victory brought a bit more glory to the Giants' franchise than the one before.
If you watched the St. Louis Cardinals wreck the first postseason series in Washington, D.C., since 1933 - particularly Friday night's stunning Game 5, when they emerged from the depths of almost certain demise - you know that raw emotion won't be enough to carry the Giants through the National League Championship Series. They have met their match in resilience, a heady equal in character and belief. Blue collars are advised for this week's playoff wear, along with the assorted pandas, giraffes and "gamer babe" attire.
This series will be best viewed through a mask. Not just any mask, as Halloween approaches, but a catcher's mask. Now you've got the vantage point of Buster Posey and Yadier Molina, who will guide their respective teams physically, strategically, spiritually. "Two of the best catchers in the game," as manager Bruce Bochy said Saturday. "A big reason why these two teams are here."
As it happens, you are inside the minds of the managers as well. Bochy and the Cardinals' Mike Matheny were catchers: brutally vulnerable to the hazards, at ease with the responsibility.
There is no position quite like it in any sport, no place where leadership comes attached with a guaranteed beat-down. A quarterback can relate, but anyone on a football field can be disabled at any time. While the first baseman kicks idly at the dirt and the center fielder blows a bubble, the catcher absorbs a series of torturous body blows, never having more than a split-second (if that) to prepare. With any luck, an ex-shortstop moves comfortably through middle age, very much the man people remember. The catcher has gnarled fingers, a bum shoulder and tortured knees, and he'd rather not get into the issue of concussions, if you don't mind.
A postseason first
The Giants' Bruce Bochy is in his 18th season as a major-league manager after spending nine seasons as a backup catcher. The Giants' Bruce Bochy is in his 18th season as a major-league manager after spending nine seasons as a backup catcher. Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Backstops move to the forefront in NLCS 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
The plight of the catcher comes to mind this week because in the long history of postseason baseball, there has never been a series like this. For the first time, both managers and the two most influential players are catchers.
You could look it up. Never happened. There have been spectacularly relevant World Series matchups on the field, particularly in the 1930s, when Gabby Harnett faced Bill Dickey (twice), Hartnett squared off against Mickey Cochrane and Dickey matched up with Ernie Lombardi. It doesn't get much better than the Yogi Berra-Roy Campanella confrontations in the 1950s, or Johnny Bench going against Carlton Fisk and Thurman Munson in the mid-'70s.
In all those cases, though, greatness abounded in the lineups (at least one, and usually both). The Giants and Cardinals have plenty of experience in that regard, but they've moved on from Barry Bonds and Albert Pujols, trading glamour for substance and fiber. Matheny, who played the final two of his 13 seasons in San Francisco and won the Willie Mac Award for spirit and leadership in 2005, clearly savors the hard-core essence of what we're about to witness.
"I've always been a big fan of Buster Posey," he said. "I was able to talk to him as a young player coming through the minor leagues in the Giants organization, and it didn't take too much foresight to realize that he was going to be special. You could see his makeup, the natural leadership skills. And obviously, he can swing the bat a little bit. I really admire the fact that when many of the conversations were going toward moving him to first base (after his injuries last year), he was adamant that he was a catcher. And I understand that mentality.
"I will, however, stand behind the fact that Yadier Molina has impressed me more than any catcher I've ever witnessed. He does things that are intangible, things you can only see by watching every day, and with a very critical eye. There were some things offensively that people didn't think he'd be able to do - and that was just enough motivation for him to figure out how to do it. That's the makeup of Yadier Molina. I know Buster has to have a lot of consideration as Most Valuable Player, but from where I sit, I don't know how Molina couldn't be in that conversation, as well."
'You're a catcher, man'
There's an unspoken element to the Posey-Molina dynamic, not to become public until it manifests itself on the field. There were hints in Bochy's workout comments, when he said, "There will be a lot of comparisons, but they're different players. I don't want to get into that."
Matheny, an elite catcher whose career was cut short in the wake of numerous concussions, tends to side with the Giants (and many other teams) on the issue of blocking the plate, fully understanding why Posey was told to avoid jarring collisions at all costs. But Molina is an old-school type who relishes the challenge of protecting his territory, and he has a very vocal ally in his brother - not Bengie, the onetime Giant, but Jose, who plays for Tampa Bay.
"These days, a lot of people baby the catchers," Jose told the New York Times last month. "You're a catcher, man. Just stand there, be a man and take the hit. If not, go to first base, go to second and play another position. I hate seeing GMs and owners saying, 'I don't want my guy to block the plate.' It's the position of a man and toughness."
That sounds like a challenge, albeit from a distance. It's say to safe that both philosophies are defensible, and everything's wonderful until that certain play comes down, late in the game, when a runner crossing the plate means a postseason victory and a swipe tag just won't cut it.
Bochy's right: It's a comparison best left unspoken. Just know that an old, priceless line - catchers donning "the tools of ignorance" - isn't really accurate this week. Try changing a few letters. The proper word is "influence."
Buster Posey 2012 stats Average.336 Home runs24 RBIs103
With virtual reality comes the potential for more intimate sexual experiences – but, experts warn the technology could also lead to morally questionable behaviour.
At the CHI 2017 conference, researchers presenting the findings of a new study explained how the increasing reality of VR systems could give rise to two different scenarios, both with potentially detrimental outcomes.
The experts argue that VR porn could lead to unrealistic expectations for the sexual experience, or could even have more extreme effects, by allowing some to ‘push the boundaries' and delve into violent and abusive content.
Scroll down for video
With virtual reality comes the potential for more intimate sexual experiences – but, experts warn the technology could also lead to morally questionable behaviour. people could make a VR character modeled after their own real-life partner, for example. A stock image is pictured
THE RISE OF VR PORN Originally launched in 2016, Pornhub VR content was just 30 videos and now it has more than 2,600. VR porn videos are watched 500,000 times a day with visitors typically watching 11 videos instead of the 9 in a standard visit. Men are 160 per cent more likely to use virtual reality when watching porn. Those between the age of 25 to 34 are 47 per cent more likely to use VR than other age groups. On Christmas day in 2016 VR porn videos were watched three times more than average during that period. According to to PornHub this was because they were popular presents and one of the first people wanted to try out.
In the study, the researchers from Newcastle University analyzed the responses of 45 volunteers after each completed their first virtual reality porn experience as a fictional character named ‘Jack.'
‘We grouped the stories into two,' said lead researcher and PhD student Matthew Wood.
‘The first group was what we called the ‘perfect' scenario – some were lavish and fantastical, others were quite close to reality, but all of them were the perfect sexual experience, described by our participants as ‘better than the real thing.'
‘The second was the ‘precarious' experience, and these stories often went beyond what would be acceptable in real life with sometimes violent imagery, featuring men performing degrading sexual acts on women or forcing themselves upon them.'
The researchers say the fast-growing capabilities of virtual reality could soon bring these scenarios to life.
This could mean, for example, that models based on images of real people could one day be used as a form of revenge porn.
Or, they say, people could make a VR character modeled after their own real-life partner – but, the virtual character would not be able to say ‘no.'
The researchers point to current examples of sexism and exploitation seen today, from the idea of a ‘perfect virtual woman, from Lara Croft to sex-robots.'
With virtual reality, this phenomenon could escalate, they warn.
‘Our research highlighted not only a drive for perfection, but also a crossover between reality and fantasy,' said Dr Madeline Balaam, co-author of the research.
‘Some of our findings highlighted the potential for creating 3D models of real life people, raising questions over what consent means in VR experiences.
In the study, the researchers from Newcastle University analyzed the responses of 45 volunteers after each completed their first virtual reality porn experience as a fictional character named ‘Jack.' A stock image is pictured
EVOLUTION OF SEX A recent report from Bondara claims: By 2030, most people will have some form of virtual sex as casually as they browse porn today. By 2035 the majority of people will own sex toys that interact with virtual reality sex. 'Sexbots' will start to appear in high-income, very wealthy households as soon as 2025. Sex with robots will be more popular than human-human sex in 2050. Love and the act of sex is set to become increasingly separate, with relationships increasingly becoming based on more than just sex.
‘If a user created a VR version of their real life girlfriend, for example, would they do things to her that they knew she would refuse in the real world?
‘In the past, pornography has been driven by the industry but if the future of pornography is virtual then perhaps it's time for us to take greater responsibility for how we allow this to develop.'
Throughout the years, the evolution of pornography has gone hand-in-hand with the emergence of new technology.
But, virtual reality offers the unprecedented ability to ‘move from being simply an observer to being a participant,' Wood explained.
The implications of such a shift could be far more serious than what's been seen in the past, the researcher suggests.
‘One of our findings suggested VR pornography could be something more like cheating on a partner because of the increasing ‘reality' of the VR experience.
‘We found that for most people the potential of a VR porn experience opened the doors to an apparently ‘perfect' sexual experience – a scenario which in the real world no-one could live up to.
‘For others it meant pushing the boundaries, often with highly explicit and violent imagery, and we know from current research into pornography that exposure to this content has the potential to become addictive and more extreme over time.'
Throughout the years, the evolution of pornography has gone hand-in-hand with the emergence of new technology. But, virtual reality offers the unprecedented ability to ‘move from being simply an observer to being a participant,' Wood explained. Stock image
But, it isn't all bad.
The researchers say VR porn could also be used to help users put themselves in others' shoes, with hopes this could teach them better moral practices.
‘Pornography has been with us forever and is not going to go away,' said Balaam. ‘But maybe virtual reality gives us the opportunity to influence pornography and introduce some new rules.
‘Imagine a scenario, for example, where a male participant is made to assume the female role in the virtual game.'
‘The future for VR pornography could be more positive, if designed in a certain way,' Wood added.
‘In our research we also saw suggestions that VR could deliver more embodied sensory experiences, with more emphasis on subtlety and the relational aspects of sexual experiences.'
The Madhya Pradesh government's big ticket scheme to distribute smartphones to undergraduates has allegedly turned out to be a phony business with students getting sub-standard phones.
Before the 2013 assembly elections, the BJP had promised free phones to woo young voters. The government delivered its promise last year, becoming the first state with such a scheme.
Initially, there was a multinational company engaged to supply the phones, which did its job for a year. Later, another company won the bid.
Sources from the higher education department said many students who got the phones made their complaints known. The problems include 3G-enabled phone with data download speed worse than 2G-enabled phones, heating up of battery, and data getting automatically deleted due to low memory space, students alleged.
The Madhya Pradesh State Electronics Development Corporation (MPSEDC) had signed an agreement with Hyderabad-based Karvy Data Management Service Limited (KDMSL) for the supply of 3.75 lakh smartphones at Rs 2,159.75 apiece. About 1.30 lakh phones have been supplied.
The tender was floated in July 2016 and the company was to get the phones from an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) Forstar China's unit in India.
But KDMSL later assigned it to Forstar Techno Solutions Private Limited (FTSPL), which has existed merely for two-and-a-half years and which had no previous experience in manufacture of smartphones, documents with HT show.
Akshay Hunka, a Right to Information (RTI) activist, said FTSPL assembled the phone Amosta 3G5 in IT Park, Gwalior, from October 2016 after getting most of the parts from China. But the phone carries a ‘Made in India' logo.
Vijay Agrawal, a former office-bearer of CII, says a product must use at least 90% Indian raw materials in order to be certified ‘Made in India'.
“When FTSPL began its journey in a room in 2014 in Raipur, it had zero turnover for two years,” alleged Hunka. “It is now dealing with a Rs 78-crore project of MP government. Hence, under the scheme, the government has provided the benefit to a company, not students.”
Documents show Forstar China didn't comply with a tender condition of having a Bureau of Indian Standard (BIS) quality certification for manufacturing of phones when the agreement was signed in September 2016. FTSPL, which delivered the phone on behalf of KDMSL, got a BIS certification in February 1 this year after the distribution of phones was started.
KDMSL e-governance director Sriniwas Varma and KDMSL CFO K Pandu said FTSPL MD Vivek Prakash would answer the queries. When asked about FTSPL's credentials, Varma didn't reply.
Prakash said, “KDMSL has assigned us the project. We are assembling the phones by procuring products from different OEMs. Assembling can also be called manufacturing. We have received only one complaint from MPSEDC.”
On the use of the ‘Make in India' logo without DIPP permission, Prakash said, “The current project of distribution of mobile phones is a state government initiative and MPSEDC has taken this up to promote local manufacturing in the state.”
The corporation runs the project on behalf of the higher education department. Ashish Upadhyaya, principal secretary of the department, said, “They (the company) cannot use any logo on our behalf. Even we are not satisfied with the quality of smartphones but we can't do anything as we are just distributing it.”
Jaibhan Singh Pawaiya, MP higher education minister, held the science and technology (S&T) department responsible for the poor quality. S&T minister Umashankar Gupta said, “We just floated the tender.”
The KDSML neither has authorised service centres in Bhopal, Jabalpur, Indore, Ujjain, Gwalior, Sagar and Rewa nor support centres at every district headquarters.
Students allege that most of the contact numbers mentioned on the box cover were either switched off or unavailable. “I feel cheated,” said Sachin Tyagi, a student from Guna, who failed to get a response from the service centre.
Akshay Pratap Singh, a student from Rewa, sold his phone through OLX because “support centres and service centres were nowhere in the picture”.
First Published: May 18, 2017 07:29 IST
They gathered in the living room at their mother's Northwest Houston home the way they did so many times growing up. But for Kelechi Osemele, this April night was all about moving forward rather than looking back.
The sibling rivalry he endured with his three older sisters had helped prepare him for this moment. His relationship with his mother was turbulent at times, but he now knew why Imelda Osemele had always been so strict and demanding. His father was not present for his big night, nor had he been around for much of his life. By now, Kelechi Osemele (kah-LETCH-ee oh-SEM-uh-lee) had come to grips with that.
Osemele's goal, first as an offensive lineman at Langham Creek High in Houston and then at Iowa State, was to make sure that every guy he lined up against remembered his name. On April 27, his name scrolled on the television after the Ravens selected him in the second round of the 2012 NFL draft.
"The thing that was really special about me getting drafted was it brought the family together," said Osemele, who returned to Houston to watch the draft with his mother, sisters and other family members. "We had all pretty much gone our own ways and had a little animosity toward one another because of things that happened growing up. Football really brought us together, especially in college because they'd come to games and it was a common thing for us to talk about. Everybody was in a good mood, and they pretty much just fed off my dream, and my successes were their successes."
After watching a "Monday Night Football" game when he was 8 years old, Kelechi Osmele determined that he would play in the NFL. But before he could get there, before he could emerge as a potential rookie starter on the Ravens' offensive line and one of their most impressive preseason performers, Osemele was tried and tested.
There were the recruiting analysts who didn't think he was good enough and the colleges that didn't want him. There was the challenge of carving out his turf in a house with three older sisters and a mother who spent hours upon hours at work and would come home tired and testy. There was the reality that his father lived in Nigeria, and their relationship would have to be built through phone calls, not bedside chats or afternoons on athletic fields.
"Texas didn't really recruit me. Texas A&M pulled my [scholarship] offer. Little things like that gave me the chip on my shoulder and pretty much made me realize that this was something I was doing to prove my worth and my value, even off the field," Osemele said. "Growing up without a father in the household sometimes can do that to you, not having the support system that you need with your mom always having to work to support four kids. Football was kind of my escape from reality. It was something I was good at, something I knew from an early age I was going to do for the rest of my life."
The first thing you notice about Osemele, 23, is his raw size. Once deemed by his parents too skinny to play youth football, he's now 6 foot 5 and 335 pounds, and he wears it well. He has long arms and quick feet, and big, strong mitts that leave a mark after the briefest of handshakes.
Another thing you realize when you talk to Osemele is that he's extremely comfortable in his own skin. If some of his words come across as bitter or angry in print, his tone, subdued and almost matter-of-fact, suggests neither. Asked about a Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel story that quoted an NFL scout questioning his toughness because he was raised by women, Osemele smirked instead of stewed.
"It ticked my sisters off more than anything," he said. "With the way we grew up, they didn't like it at all. Me? I just kind of laughed because my sisters are tough. They're not all dainty or soft. They … used to beat me up."
Osemele fielded even the most probing questions about his past as seamlessly as he has handled moving back and forth from right tackle to left guard during training camp.
"He's had to overcome," said Bill Bleil, Osemele's offensive line coach at Iowa State. "He was always his own man. That wasn't a problem for him at all."
Sibling rivalry
After having three daughters, Paul and Imelda Osemele, who were born in Nigeria but came to the United States to go to college, prayed daily that they would be blessed with a son. So when one finally came on June 24, 1989, they named him Kelechi, which in Igbo — a native language in Nigeria — means "Thank God." His last name translates into "ancient warrior."
Kelechi was 3 years old when his father moved back to Nigeria to start a business that developed and supplied antibacterial products. Paul Osemele made some trips back to the United States, and Kelechi visited his father on occasion and has been to Nigeria several times. The two also spoke regularly on the phone, but Kelechi yearned for something more.
"He didn't have that male role model that he needed," Imelda Osemele said. "Kelechi was not very expressive and he never told me his problems or issues. I'd go to him and ask him, 'Why aren't you outside playing like you used to? Why are you always in your room?' I had to finally press him to let me know that he was depressed not having a male role model around."
Determined to support her four children, Imelda worked double shifts as a nurse, spending as many as 15 hours a day at the hospital while also serving as pastor of a local church. She said she always had enough money for her children to be taken care of, but the living conditions for the kids did present some challenges.
There were times that Imelda Osemele was so busy that she forgot to pay electric or water bills, and both would be turned off. Kelechi had to share not only a room until he was a little older, but also a bed.
"The toughest part was her emotional state every day," Osemele said. "You never really knew if it was going to be a good day at work or if somebody would pass away that was close to her. She was very close to her patients. You never really knew if she had gotten into an argument with my dad because she'd call him at work. Really, that was our main concern. We were pretty much in the house to fend for ourselves."
What makes Rob Gronkowski the NFL's best offensive player
By Sam Monson • Jun 17, 2016
Rob Gronkowski is the J.J. Watt of offensive players in the NFL. Watt ended up as the No. 1 player on my top 101 list of the best players in the game, but Gronk sits at No. 2 right behind him. There is no more dominant player on offense than the Patriots tight end, who is by a distance the best player in the league at his position. He is the best offensive player you'll see.
What makes him so special is a lot like what makes the Texans' Watt so special on defense – being able to dominate in multiple phases as opposed to just one. In a league that has become ever more specialized – with third-down backs, pass-rush specialists, big-nickel safeties, two-down linebackers etc. – simply being an excellent well-rounded player makes you a tough proposition to match up with.
This is a league where the TE position has largely become a glorified big slot receiver. There are players who can come close to rivaling Gronk as a receiver – Greg Olsen, Jimmy Graham, even Jordan Reed – but none of those players is even close to the level Gronkowski is as a blocker. That's what makes him so special.
Even as a receiver, Gronkowski is a multi-faceted threat. He has a spectacular catch radius and can make tough catches on any route in all areas of the field, but he is also incredibly dangerous after the catch, where his size and strength make him a real problem for defenders to get him to the ground.
This catch is probably Gronkowski's signature catch:
But what makes him so dangerous is a receiver is being able to do things like this as well:
It's a tough ask to stop a guy as big and powerful as Gronkowski from catching the football, especially when he has the kind of catch radius we saw above. But broken tackles after the catch are the great X-factor when it comes to production. You can be all over him, in position to make a tackle for little to no gain as soon as he catches the ball, but if he stiff-arms three people to the ground all of your good positional coverage comes to nothing when he rumbles into the end zone.
Including the playoffs over the past two seasons, Gronkowski has broken 34 tackles after the catch, and hasn't fumbled the ball once in doing so. He recorded 546 of his 1,176 receiving yards in 2015 after the catch, at a rate of 7.6 per reception, the highest in the league among TEs with more than 16 catches. Despite not having the blazing speed of some of these big-WR tight ends, Gronk outgained them all after the catch because of his power and brute force of busting through tackles and swatting away defenders.
I'm sure I don't need to sell anybody at this point on the fact that Gronkowski is a dominant pass-catching tight end. The statistics speak for themselves, and he'd be the league's best even if blocking wasn't part of the position's job description. And yet, blocking is the area of his game that really separates him from the pack.
Many teams carry tight ends on the roster who rarely see the ball thrown to them, but are there almost entirely for their blocking ability, yet Gronkowski can block as well as those guys in addition to being the best receiving TE in the league. Nobody else has that kind of versatility at such a high level.
This touchdown run ultimately got called back for holding on the backside, but just watch Gronk take the Giants' Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie on the edge and launch him to spring the running back to space. This is why you can't simply treat him as a big receiver the way you can with somebody like Jimmy Graham. If you send out defensive backs to cover Gronkowski because they give you the best chance of stopping him catching the ball, you are badly overmatched in the run game; those guys can't hope to stand up to his power. That's not the case with some other receiving TEs.
But let's pretend we expect any TE to be able to block a cornerback, even if tape suggests that's a bigger supposition than we might think these days. What about defensive linemen?
Here is Denver's Malik Jackson being half blocked by the left guard before Gronk comes through the line to add his weight to the block and try to open the hole. Just watch the impact with which Gronk hits and what it does to Jackson, who flies back into the center and is driven five yards away from the point of attack. Jackson has three straight seasons of strong grades against the run, and Gronk just crushed him with the hit coming through the line.
The bottom line is that Gronkowski isn't just the best pass-catching TE in the NFL – though he is that – but he's also one of the league's blockers and therefore a mismatch in favor of the offense no matter what play the Patriots run. If they run the ball he's a positive as a blocker, if they pass it he is a positive as a receiving weapon. No matter what a defense does from a personnel standpoint they likely don't have anybody that can match up to Gronkowski in all areas of the game.
If J.J. Watt is the most dominant player in football, then Rob Gronkowski is the most dominant player on offense, simply because he is an all-pro in all areas of the game.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Steamed Steamed is dedicated to all things in and around Valve's PC gaming service.
As you've heard us say over and over and over, Undertale is brilliant. It certainly didn't need 3D to achieve that. The prospect of an extra-dimensional Undertale, though? Innnteresting.
Russian game developer Edik Zykov doing the deed, applying Undertale's 2D sprites to a 3D world. The end effect is... surprisingly not-horrible! It's got a snazzy lo-fi look about it, and Undertale's distinctive character designs maintain their personality despite being under the cruel new rule of forces like BASIC GEOMETRY and DEPTH PERCEPTION.
Before you start fretting about the feasibility of all this, know that Zykov is not remaking all of Undertale in 3D. Instead, he told Siliconera that he's making a brief original game about “some dark entity” turning the Underground 3D—nefarious 3D—to try and reach the players of the game themselves.
While I mourn the idea of every Undertale location realized in glorious ultra-vision, this is probably for the best. A small original game sounds like a downright doable project, meaning we'll hopefully get to play it someday. As of now, Undertale 3D has no release date, so these pretty pictures will have to do:
Advertisement
You're reading Steamed, Kotaku's page dedicated to all things in and around Valve's wildly popular PC gaming service. Games, culture, community creations, criticism, guides, videos—everything. If you've found anything cool/awful on Steam, send us an email to let us know.
Advertisement
To contact the author of this post, write to nathan.grayson@kotaku.com or find him on Twitter @vahn16.
Edit: If the video does not display, you have to click the “Watch on YouTube” button or follow this link here.
After having one of the worst games of his career versus the New Orleans Saints, Russell Wilson completely redeemed himself versus the Buffalo Bills on Monday Night. Earlier this week I looked at his beautiful touchdown pass to Jimmy Graham in the second quarter, but I wanted to take an even deeper dive looking at his performance this week after watching his game tape.
In this video breakdown, I go over the general trends of the game looking at some of the plays in detail to see how Russell Wilson made them happen.
Out of 26 passes, he only had six incompletions. I really only fault him for one of those throws and that was because the ball was placed slightly too far inside of Jermaine Kearse. From a general theme standpoint, the run game was abysmal due to the dominant defensive front of the Bills. They clearly controlled the line of scrimmage and this victory can be credited to good play-calling by Darrell Bevell, excellent throws by Russell Wilson, and Jimmy Graham finally looking healthy.
On Sunday night the Seahawks play the New England Patriots. If the Seahawks get this version of Russell Wilson instead of last week's version, they'll absolutely give the Patriots a run for their money.
1. Abner Doubleday (for inventing baseball)
Abner Doubleday was a Civil War general and abolitionist who famously ordered the first Union shots in defense of Fort Sumter. But while he had a distinguished military career, Doubleday is more commonly remembered for inventing baseball—even though he did no such thing.
The story dates back to 1905, when former National League president A.G. Mills headed a commission to investigate the origins of America's favorite pastime. Based on a letter from a man named Abner Graves, the commission incorrectly concluded that Doubleday had invented baseball in Cooperstown, New York, in 1839. In truth, Doubleday was attending West Point in 1839 and had never claimed any involvement with baseball. Nevertheless, the myth persisted for years, and the Baseball Hall of Fame was even established in Cooperstown on the sport's mistaken centennial in 1939.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
2. Lady Godiva (for her naked horseback ride)
Lady Godiva is best known for defiantly riding naked through the streets of medieval Coventry to protest the crippling taxes her husband had levied on the townspeople. According to legend, at some point in the 11th century Godiva pressured her powerful husband, Leofric, to reduce the people's debts. When he mockingly responded that he would only do so when she rode naked on horseback through the town, Godiva called his bluff and galloped into the history books.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
While this story has become the stuff of legend—a tailor who spied on Godiva even inspired the phrase “peeping Tom”—scholars agree that the nude horseback ride probably never happened. Godiva certainly existed, but most histories mention her as simply the wife of an influential nobleman. In fact, the complete Godiva myth didn't even appear until the 13th century, 200 years after the ride supposedly occurred. The story was later picked up by notable writers like Alfred Lord Tennyson, whose 1842 poem “Godiva” helped cement the tall tale as a historical fact.
3. Nero (for fiddling while Rome burned)
One of the most famous stories of Roman decadence concerns Nero, the emperor who blithely “fiddled while Rome burned” during the great fire of 64 A.D. According to some ancient historians, the emperor had ordered his men to start the fire in order to clear space for his new palace. But while Nero was certainly no saint—he reportedly ordered the murder of his own mother during his rise to power—the story of his fiendish fiddling is likely exaggerated.
While some ancient chroniclers did describe the music-loving emperor as singing while he watched flames consume the city, the historian Tacitus would later denounce these claims as vicious rumors. According to him, Nero was away at Antium during the early stages of the blaze, and upon returning to Rome helped lead rescue and rebuilding efforts and even opened his palace gardens to those who lost their homes. A further strike against the legend is that the fiddle would not even be invented for several hundred years. If Nero played any instrument while Rome burned—which remains up for debate—it would most likely have been a cithara, a kind of lyre.
4. Marie-Antoinette (for “Let them eat cake”)
When she was informed that her people were starving from lack of bread, the 18th-century French queen Marie-Antoinette is said to have quipped, “Then let them eat cake.” This famous line has traditionally served to underscore the monarch's ignorance of her subjects' plight, yet there is almost no evidence that Marie-Antoinette ever uttered those words.
The phrase first appeared in reference to a “great princess” in the philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau's book “Confessions,” which was written in early 1766. If Rousseau were indeed referring to Marie-Antoinette, it would mean she was only 10 years old and not yet a queen when she said it. Scholars think Rousseau either coined the phrase or that it was a common insult used to criticize various aristocratic figures in the 18th century. So if “let them eat cake” was ever directly attributed to Marie-Antoinette in her lifetime, it was most likely part of a deliberate attempt by her political opponents to discredit her.
5. Joseph-Ignace Guillotin (for inventing the guillotine)
Contrary to popular belief, the French doctor Joseph-Ignace Guillotin did not directly invent the feared decapitation machine that bears his name. Ironically, Guillotin was a noted opponent of capital punishment. Desperate to put a stop to the brutal ax beheadings and hangings used in state executions, in 1789 he proposed to the French National Assembly that a more humane and painless method be developed.
With Guillotin acting in a managerial role, the plans for what became the guillotine were then drafted by a surgeon named Antoine Louis, who modeled the device on similar machines found in Scotland and Italy. After a German named Tobias Schmidt built the first prototype, it was put into regular use by the French government. While Guillotin had neither designed nor built the apparatus, it still eventually became known—much to his disgust—as the guillotine. Another popular claim states that Guillotin was later beheaded by the guillotine during the French Revolution, but this too is a myth.
6. George Washington Carver (for inventing peanut butter)
George Washington Carver was an American scientist and inventor famous for creating alternative food products and farming methods. But while Carver's many innovations earned him comparisons to Leonardo da Vinci, the erroneous belief that he invented peanut butter has stuck in the popular imagination.
Carver was indeed a peanut pioneer—he is reputed to have found over 300 uses for the legume during his career—but he wasn't the first person to create peanut butter. In truth, evidence of peanut-based pastes can be found in South America as far back as 950 B.C. Meanwhile, modern peanut butter substances were first patented in 1884 by Marcellus Edson—who referred to it as “peanut-candy”—and later by John Harvey Kellogg, who unveiled a process for creating peanut butter in 1895. While he eventually became its most famous advocate, Carver did not begin his own experiments on the peanut until 1903.
7. Betsy Ross (for making the first American flag)
One of American history's most persistent legends involves Betsy Ross, a Philadelphia seamstress who supposedly made the first American flag. As the story goes, in 1776 Ross was commissioned to sew the flag—which then featured a circle of 13 stars—by a small committee that included George Washington. Ross supposedly produced her famous flag a few days later and even changed the design to make the stars five-pointed rather than six-pointed.
While versions of this story continue to be taught in American classrooms, most historians dismiss it as a tall tale. Newspapers from the time make no reference to Ross or the meeting, and Washington never mentioned her involvement in creating the flag. In fact, the Ross legend didn't even make its first appearance until 1870, when her grandson, William Canby, related it to the Historical Society of Pennsylvania. But outside of showing affidavits from family members, Canby never produced any convincing evidence to support his claim. It's true that Betsy Ross made American flags in the late 1770s, but the tale of her very first flag is likely untrue.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ukraine's national currency, the hryvnia, faces further devaluation
Russia will provide Ukraine with a new $2bn (£1.2bn) tranche of aid "this week", Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov has said.
In December, Moscow pledged $15bn to back Ukraine's struggling economy, but so far only $3bn has been transferred.
Russia had hinted it would freeze the aid until a new government is formed after Ukraine's PM quit last month.
The new tranche is seen as a boost to embattled President Viktor Yanukovych, who is facing mass protests.
In a separate development, Ukraine's opposition is planning to press for a vote in parliament on the return to the country's 2004 constitution - a move which would limit Mr Yanukovych's powers and could lead to snap presidential elections.
The opposition is also calling for a big rally outside the parliament building in the capital Kiev.
However, pro-presidential MPs - who have a majority - are expected to block any attempt to weaken Mr Yanukovych's powers.
Ukraine's unrest began in November, when Mr Yanukovych backed away from a landmark association and free trade deal with the European Union, and instead agreed the loan with Russia.
Moscow wants Ukraine to join the Russia-led Customs Union, where Belarus and Kazakhstan are also members.
Both the EU and Russia have accused each other of interfering into Ukraine's affairs.
Capital flight
On Monday, Mr Siluanov said Moscow would buy £2bn worth of Ukrainian eurobonds this week.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ukraine protesters leave City Hall in Kiev
The Russian minister provided no further details.
However, a Ukrainian government source was quoted by Reuters as saying the money was expected to arrive on Wednesday.
The Kremlin had hinted strongly that the aid would be frozen unless a new government acceptable to Moscow would be in place.
President Yanukovych is expected to name a new prime minister to replace Mykola Azarov within days.
Ukraine's heavily-indebted economy is struggling to recover from a recession and has been shaken by capital flight in recent months.
The country's foreign currency reserves have been depleted by repeated moves to prop up the national currency, the hryvnia, which is facing further devaluation.
Amnesty deal
On Monday, an amnesty for anti-government protesters in Ukraine came into force after protesters had ended their occupation of government buildings in Kiev and in the regions.
The prosecutor's website said criminal charges would be dropped after the opposition had left Kiev city hall and other locations.
Protesters had held some of the buildings for more than two months.
But a sprawling tent city - widely known as Maidan - remains in Kiev's central square, where some denounced the decision to end the occupations.
The protesters also partially dismantled barricades on Hrushevskyy Street, which was the scene of deadly clashes earlier this year.
On Friday, authorities freed the last of 243 prisoners who were arrested during the unrest.
The opposition is now pressing for all pending criminal cases to be closed - the authorities say this will be done within a month.
Lawmakers passed the amnesty law last month and agreed to negotiate with the opposition after at least four people were killed in protests.
Get the flash player here: http://www.adobe.com/flashplayer
One man was killed and another injured following an afternoon shooting and attempted robbery inside an Echo Park medical marijuana clinic on Sunset Boulevard LAPD spokeswoman Rosario Herrera, citing preliminary information, said the two victims – described as Latino males – were shot after several armed suspects entered the marijuana dispensary – The Higher Path – shortly after 4 PM in the 1300 block of Sunset Boulevard. Both victims were employees at the dispensary.
Several hours later, the employee of a Hollywood pot clinic was killed during a separate attempted robbery, according to LA Now.
The Echo Park shooting left residents who lived nearby unable to return to their homes for more than six hours and shut down Sunset Boulevard during the rush hour as police searched for suspects believed to have fled into a nearby apartment building. At 11 PM, some residents were being allowed to walk to their homes but Sunset Boulevard between Marion Avenue and Elysian Park Avenue remain closed. No suspects have been apprehended, according to one officer.
The LAPD has shut down Sunset Boulevard at Elysian Park Avenue as they surrounded an apartment building at 1320 Sunset Boulevard. Police were seen detaining two men on Allison Street in Angeleno Heights near the scene of the shooting. Meanwhile, all traffic on Sunset Boulevard was backing up during the evening rush hour, with commuters spilling into side streets.
Residents were not allowed to leave or enter the apartment building. Alejandro Avalos, who lives in the apartment building, said he was going home to pick up his family to attend his son's graduation at Cal State LA when he was stopped by police. “They don't know anything – they can't go out,” said Avalos after speaking to a family member on his mobile phone.
A person who identified herself as the daughter of Avalos posted a comment to this story that said: “I can't believe what is happening. My mom is going crazy because she is missing out the ceremony and there is nothing we can do about it.”
Another resident of the building, Bertha Lopez, said her daughter remained in their apartment, where the 15-year-old girl said she heard gunfire and sound of people running in the building. “I told her to lock herself in the bathroom,” said Lopez after a brief phone conversation with her daughter.
Several hours later, at Sunset Boulevard and Marion Avenue, more than a dozen people pressed against the police tape as they waited to return to their homes. Alejandro Mares was riding a Metro bus on Sunset Boulevard when it was stopped by police and its passengers ordered to get off only about a half block from his home. “I have medicines at home that I have taken. I have not eaten dinner, ” said Mares, who could see but could not walk to his home beyond police lines.
A woman named Adija was left stranded with her groceries and her dog, Nina, after they were unable to get home after a trip to the market. “I have groceries in my car. Nothing is going to go bad – unless we are here until morning. “Please let us go home!”
About 30 minutes later, residents cheered after a police officer said they could cross beyond the yellow caution tape and go home.
*Update at 11:24 PM: Sunset was still blocked off to vehicle traffic but some residents were being allowed to walk back to their homes. One police officer said none of the suspects has been apprehended.
* Update at 8 PM: Sunset Boulevard remains blocked off, with a line of fire trucks, squad cars and other emergency vehicles parked on Sunset Boulevard near Marion Street. Officer Herrera said the two victims were employees of the clinic and were shot during a robbery.
Bottom image from Google Maps
Unity Editor Download Assistant
Component Installers Windows
Component Installers Mac
We are happy to announce Unity 5.3.5p6. The release notes and the corresponding issue tracker link for issues fixed in this release are as shown below.
As always, patch releases are recommended only for users affected by those bugs fixed in that patch.
Improvements
Audio: Added ability to transition AudioMixer snapshots by scaled and unscaled time.
Audio: Added virtualization of audio effects. For audio sources that are virtual because they have been culled due to low audibility or priority, attached effect components or spatializers are now also bypassed in order to save CPU use. The new behaviour is on by default, but can be turned off in the audio project settings.
Audio: Audio clip waveform preview now displays the actual format used for compression when the default format isn't available on a certain platform.
Audio: Audio clips with the "Streaming" load type are no longer preloaded. This is done to reduce the number of open file handles in scenes referencing a large number of streamed clips. The behaviour is not affected except for a slight increase in playback delay of this type of audio clips.
Audio: Fixed audio clip waveform preview rendering sync issues after import, and improved the way the waveforms are being rendered to be more dynamic and reveal more detail.
Audio: Moved Preload Audio Data to the platform-specific settings section. The previous location was confusing as it was shown grayed-out in the inspector with a checkmark that depended on all overrides.
Audio: SystemInfo now includes supportsAudio info.
iOS: Update Build and Run to work with Xcode 8
VR: Updated to Oculus Version 1.5.
Fixes
(786827) - Animation: Fixed rotation values set in inspector restricted to [0,360] degrees when recording animation.
(800268) - Animation: Fixed animation event firing twice when controller is set by a script and an instantaneous transition is trigger in the same frame.
(778887) - Animation: Fixed crash when changing playable controller in animator in game mode.
(740603) - Audio: "Failed to initialize spatializer" warning message no longer appears when Spatializer Plugin is set to "None".
(758064) - Audio: Audio Profiler no longer shows "wrong" information when using Spatialization.
(632169) - Audio: AudioMixer.GetFloat() and SetFloat() now work without needing to restart Unity.
(782248) - Audio: AudioSource: Fixed issue whereby Doppler Level didn't work when used with custom spatializer plugins.
(772946) - Audio: Fixed case of component effect appearing disabled on play and becoming enabled again after pressing pause and then play.
(763036) - Audio: Fixed case of Unity crashing when the Disable Audio option was selected in Project Settings.
(784887) - Audio: Fixed crash when disabling component which uses OnAudioFilterRead.
(none) - Audio: Fixed handling of default DSP buffer size. Previously, once the buffer size was changed to something other than Default latency, changing it back to Default latency had no effect.
(781566) - Audio: Fixed issue where AudioListener with two custom scripts crashed when reinitializing the sound system.
(775328) - Audio: Fixed issue where the Audio Lowpass Frequency curve moved in the wrong direction in the AudioSource curve view.
(771825) - Audio: Fixed issue whereby adding an effect in the mixer with bypass effects enabled didn't rechain the component effect back properly.
(none) - Audio: Fixed issue whereby the memory profiler did not report AudioClip memory correctly. The memory allocated by AudioClips was wrongly accumulated under AudioManager.
(760985) - Audio: Fixed mixer reverb effects getting cut off early in standalone builds.
(718344) - Audio: Fixed random mixup between internal direct and reverb signal connections which could cause AudioSources to interfere and become silent under certain conditions.
(731177) - Audio: Large numbers of streaming audio clips no longer cause crashes in batch mode.
(732854) - Audio: Low Pass Filter now works on Audio Listener.
(715257) - Audio: Microphone.IsRecording(null) no longer returning true even when no devices were available.
(none) - Audio: Native audio plugin SDK: Fixed dspbuffersize having a value of 0 when default buffer size settings are selected.
(none) - Audio: Preloaded sounds now allow calling GetData in Start().
(none) - Audio: Project browser now updates after a change has been applied in the AudioImporterInspector.
(none) - Audio: Sounds marked as Play On Awake are now shown in Audio profiler.
(806648) - Editor: Fixed activate license failure if user switch user before activation.
(804864) - Editor: Fixed an issue causing unnecessary script compilation, and improved compilation error handling
(804139) - Editor: fixed an issue where custom windows could be removed when encountering errors in user editor scripts.
(802014) - IL2CPP: Fixed a crash that can occur during XML serialization with the .NET 2.0 profile.
(800496) - IL2CPP: Fixed a crash which can occur during the iteration of enum values cast as a list of System.Object values.
(804767) - IL2CPP: Corrected the packing for some C# struct definitions with explicit layout.
(805846) - IL2CPP: Fixed try/catch handling when filter type includes generic parameters.
(794660, 790555, 737693) OpenGLES: Fixed crash and reflection probes corruption on A9 chipsets (OpenGLES2.0).
(799560) - Windows Store: Fixed a crash which happened when serializing objects which have the first field be an array or a list on .NET scripting backend.
(805830) - Windows Store: Fixed a memory leak which leaked ~5 KB of memory per frame.
(804163) - Windows Store: Fixed an issue which sometimes caused "The referenced script on this Behaviour is missing!" after unloading unused assets while maintaining indirect references on the MonoBehaviours on .NET scripting backend.
(775624) - Windows Store: Fixed manifest generation for StoreLogo, when only scale-100 image is available.
(767548) - Windows Store: Load first scene after Unity splash screen is over.
(786277) - Windows Store: NetworkTransport.ConnectEndPoint will work correctly on UWP (required by secure sockets), note this function will not work on older Windows Store SDKs.
Revision: 0947a3bf5ea4
Record Map: an example Scala collection “optimization”
It is commonly believed that the Scala 2.8 collections library sacrifices too much simplicity to preserve OO-style subtyping and avoid higher kinds. This is, naturally, true.
The functional view is that various collections unrelated at the type level but abstractable via typeclasses denoting subsets of their operations would be more effective and easier to use. However, I won't address this design specifically here.
Instead, we'll look at the design of a custom optimized collection type, with an eye to following fast paths where possible, without breaking the type system to do so.
To get the most out of this article, you should refer to the source file included with this repo. It's fully buildable with sbt if you clone locally, if you wish to experiment, and licensed under the Apache 2.0 license if you wish to use it as the basis of your own collections experiments.
Why do this?
Ermine's relational scans can be a major source of execution time in producing Ermine reports. They're structured as big lists of maps, each map representing a row from the database query, of type:
List [ Map [ String , PrimExpr ]]
We know that every Map in that List has the same set of keys, but how can we exploit that? We could borrow a trick from Perl, pseudo-hashes. In Perl < 5.10, if you did a hash lookup on an array, it would treat the first element as a lookup table for the array, like this.
$arr -> { x } // becomes $arr -> [ $arr -> [ 0 ] -> { x }]
We don't have the problem that Perl does with copying the hash strings for every instance, but we do have this repeated map structure. What if all the records in a scan could share a lookup table like this?
I'm not saying that this is the definitive way to optimize scans. It might not yield significant improvements at all. This is just a framework in which to think about extending Scala collections, so you have a better appreciation of what the risks and tradeoffs are, and how to improve outcomes.
We have another assumed constraint: our Ermine relational library code currently expects records to be Map s and uses numerous processing features from the built-in Map s. So it must still be possible to use all these operations on our new Map implementation with shared lookup tables.
Front matter
These names mean something; I'm not going to mention them again.
import scala.collection. { breakOut , immutable => cim , generic => g } import g.CanBuildFrom import scala.collection.mutable. { ArrayBuffer , BitSet , Builder }
The Map hierarchy
As with Java's Map , Scala's Map set is arranged in a class hierarchy, with the abstract Map trait at the root, and specific algorithms like SortedMap and HashMap at the leaves. However, despite their complexity, Scala's collections are much better designed than Java's. That this may be a function of the inferiority of Java's design, rather than the superiority of Scala's, is neither here nor there. We will try to avoid a discussion of the relative merits of the collection APIs, focusing only on issues that are relevant to our example.
For one thing, most operations preserve collection types in an abstractable way at the type level. It's one thing to say “every Map type has a - method to remove a key and return the same Map type.” It's another entirely to declare that at the type level. That Scala bothered, without the benefits of the significantly simpler typeclass approach, is perhaps a testament to Odersky's fortitude.
scala > def removeAFortyTwo [ M <: cim.MapLike [ Int , B , M ] with Map [ Int , B ] forSome { type B }]( m : cim.MapLike [ Int , _ , M ]) : M = m - 42 removeAFortyTwo : [ M <: scala.collection.immutable.MapLike [ Int , B , M ] with Map [ Int , B ] forSome { type B } ] ( m : scala.collection.immutable.MapLike [ Int , _ , M ]) M scala > removeAFortyTwo ( Map ( 1 -> 2 , 42 -> 3 )) res2 : scala.collection.immutable.Map [ Int , Int ] = Map ( 1 -> 2 ) scala > removeAFortyTwo ( cim . HashMap ( 1 -> 2 , 42 -> 3 )) res4 : scala.collection.immutable.HashMap [ Int , Int ] = Map ( 1 -> 2 )
That's static information that the result type is like the input type. How does this work? With a seeming violation of the rule that a trait can't be extended with different type parameters:
trait MapLike [ A , +B , +This <: MapLike [ A , B , This ] with Map [ A , B ]] trait Map [ A , +B ] extends ... MapLike [ A , B , Map [ A , B ]] class HashMap [ A , +B ] extends ... Map [ A , B ] with MapLike [ A , B , HashMap [ A , B ]]
This would be permitted under the normal rules of generic interfaces if MapLike was given the same type parameters on both lines above. But the parameters are different!
What saves us is the variance annotation, + , lining up with the relationship between the [type-level] values we provide for that parameter. The variance requires that MapLike only use the parameter in covariant positions, e.g. the return type of methods therein. Any method that returns a HashMap[A, B] is also a correct implementation of an abstract method declared to return Map[A, B] , so the refinement of the type parameter is allowed.
The new Map type
Let's examine the deceptively small bit of code devoted to declaring the Map type we wish to define.
sealed abstract class RecMap [ A , +B ] extends cim . AbstractMap [ A , B ] with cim . Map [ A , B ] with cim . MapLike [ A , B , RecMap [ A , B ]]
It doesn't take much analysis to come up with this; I merely copied the HashMap declaration and replaced HashMap with RecMap .
I could have said Map instead of RecMap for the third parameter to MapLike . There's an important trade-off worth thinking about, here. The choice I've made obliges methods like - to always return a RecMap . However, it permits static information about the fact that I'm working with RecMap to be preserved, for client code that wishes to preserve it. That will have benefits for preservation of the optimized RecMap construction paths we'll define later.
I've left the method implementations to the three [private] child classes of this abstract class. That's because, while I want the static [implicit lookup] benefits of RecMap methods preserved, I don't always wish to represent every map with a lookup table. I will have a “fallback” case, that simply delegates to an underlying Map . This has benefits and drawbacks; it certainly requires more boilerplate code.
The companion and CanBuildFrom s
Companions in the collections library have pieces of boilerplate elimination. In this case, it's extending g.ImmutableMapFactory[RecMap] , which expects the higher-kinded type of Map we're providing a companion for. It also helpfully checks that we provide a generic apply method for constructing RecMap s when defining the companion. As with the class, I've just copied from object HashMap and changed names to suit.
First, a quick introduction to CanBuildFrom , via map , with substitutions for Map applied:
def map [ C , That ]( f : (( A , B )) ⇒ C ) ( implicit bf : CanBuildFrom [ Map [ A , B ] , C , That ]) : That
CanBuildFrom is a multi-parameter typeclass; conceptually, we treat the third type parameter, the output collection type, as functionally dependent on the first two, the “source” collection (used only to hint construction) and the “element” type. In terms of usage, the CanBuildFrom takes a “source” to build a stateful reducer of zero or more “element” values, and the state can be taken to the output. Scala includes the covariant functor for the input as mapResult ; the contravariant functors are not provided, but are straightforward to implement.
Of course, Scala doesn't have functional dependencies, so we normally rely on two facts to choose a single output type. One: the That parameter is normally undetermined when doing implicit lookup, so only the first two parameters to CanBuildFrom are considered. Two: companions are searched according to the type hierarchy.
So when we're looking for a CanBuildFrom[Map[A, B], (C, D), That] , with unknown That , we find Map.canBuildFrom : CanBuildFrom[Map[_, _], (A, B), Map[A, B]] , causing us to choose That = Map[C, D] .
However, when looking for a CanBuildFrom[HashMap[A, B], (C, D), That] , we choose HashMap.canBuildFrom : CanBuildFrom[HashMap[_, _], (A, B), HashMap[A, B]] instead, causing That = HashMap[C, D] instead, because we check the HashMap companion first before trying the perfectly valid Map companion.
The full details of how implicits are found may be found in SLS §7.2. However, the above should give you sufficient intuition as to how CanBuildFrom s are expected to be found for collection calls.
Getting back to RecMap , here is the first piece of static trickery: when we know that we're building a RecMap with the same key type, we want to optimistically try and build another RecMap that uses the underlying lookup table as its lookup table, under the theory that it's likely to use the same keys.
We can separate out this specific case by using a higher-priority implicit CanBuildFrom . Here are the types of the lower-priority and higher-priority implicits, respectively:
[ A , B ] CanBuildFrom [ Map [ _ , _ ] , ( A , B ) , RecMap [ A , B ]] [ A , B ] CanBuildFrom [ Map [ A , Any ] , ( A , B ) , RecMap [ A , B ]]
The second _ , an existential, is equivalent to the Any in the higher-priority implicit. What's interesting is the A in the “from” key space, replacing an existential above, which is equivalent to “for all X ” here: compare to the other two type parameters, indicating that this implicit can only be chosen when the key type for the input map is [statically] the same as the key type for the output map.
We don't define anonymous classes for these implicits, instead referring to named classes. That's because we can use the named classes at the type level for an interesting optimization later. Let's set that aside for now.
One extra detail: the fancy CanBuildFrom takes a fallback CanBuildFrom , which the definition itself happens to satisfy. We avoid unbounded recursion by not mentioning the type RecMap in the fallback type, so the implicit search will never look in the companion we are defining to resolve it.
Doing better with the keys
Hypothetically, there is another safe path to optimize, where we can't statically prove the key types are equal. To do this, we must first prove that the “key cache” is “naturally covariant”; Map cannot be the key cache type, but HashMap will suffice. This works because for all sets of values xs of type A, if for each x: A, if there exists some key y: B such that x is identical to y, then the naturally covariant structure containing the xs may have its A coerced to B. A “naturally covariant” structure can't exploit the logical inconsistency introduced by this coercion.
Thus, if we test that every old “key cache” key of type A is identical to some key of type B , our HashMap[A, Int] is a HashMap[B, Int] too. We don't do this, because we can't prove the safety of this conversion with Scala's type system. Online Scala forums are positively riddled with requests for the compiler to accept code that currently does not typecheck, justified by informal safety reasoning that proves to be faulty. I would prefer not to engage in such high-wire acts, when I have seen overconfidence in this form of reasoning punished so many times.
Anyway, there is a more interesting optimization that we can prove.
Using GADTs to find fast paths, safely
Now, let's travel way outside the realm of what Java allows. transform offers a template by which we can consider the possibilities that GADT pattern matching gives us.
See my previous presentation (video or slides) for an intro to GADT thinking. This introduces the concept of injectivity, an essential tool for GADTs in Scala. For now, let's just consider this example. We will talk only about things we know and can prove in Scala's type system.
We have the value bf: CanBuildFrom[RecMap[A, B], (A, C), That] . In the first pattern matching branch, we know that bf: MayShareKeys[X, Y] for some unknown X, Y, from the runtime-erased test. We know that, for all V, W, MayShareKeys[V, W] <: CanBuildFrom[Map[V, Any], (V, W), RecMap[V, W]] , from the definition of class MayShareKeys . From injectivity, we can, approximately, line these up to solve the unknown X , Y , and That :
MayShareKeys [ X , Y ] <: CanBuildFrom [ Map [ X , Any ] , ( X , Y ) , RecMap [ X , Y ]] bf : CanBuildFrom [ RecMap [ A , B ] , ( A , C ) , That ]
In terms of variance, the first line is more specific than the second line; so where things don't match up, we widen the types on the first line until we can match.
So we know that X = A pretty easily; the X and A are in invariant position. The Any in contravariant position “widens” (which looks like narrowing, due to contravariance) to B , so all that tells us is that B <: Any , which we already knew. Likewise, the Map “widens” to the narrower RecMap , telling us only what we already knew. Y is invariant, because it appears in a contravariant and a covariant position, so we have Y = C .
We now know enough to fill in the type parameters in the pattern match without triggering an unchecked warning; in fact, that scalac doesn't give an unchecked warning here is a good sign that our logic is sound so far.
But what's really interesting is solving for the That parameter! The main problem with optimizing these methods is not knowing what type of thing we're returning when trying to write a special fast path for them. But with the widening in the third parameter above, and with the other substitutions we already know to be true applied, we now know that RecMap[A, C] <: That ! It's not strictly necessary, but just so it's obvious what's happening, I include the ascription here:
new SharingKeySet ( keyCache , out ) : That
This is what boolean blindness is about: a boolean expression won't convey the information to the type checker that we need. That's the benefit of the GADT technique: by encoding the information we need to optimize in the subtyping relationship of our defined CanBuildFrom instances, we can safely optimize, in a way that is still checked by the type system.
This article was tested with Scala 2.11.5.
Questions
I welcome any questions about this article, and any of the code in its associated repo, in the public issue tracker. Ask a question by creating a bug (default “Kind” and “Priority” are fine), or browse previous questions to see if someone already asked your question.
Thanks
Thanks to Erik Osheim and Rob Norris for taking the time to examine earlier drafts, and their comments.
License
Norway's parliament has approved a radical goal of achieving climate neutrality by 2030, two decades earlier than planned.
On Tuesday night MPs voted for an accelerated programme of CO2 cuts and carbon trading to offset emissions from sectors such as Norway's oil and gas industries, which are unlikely to be phased out in the near future.
The minority government's ruling Progress and Conservative parties withdrew their support for the motion at the last minute. But their argument, that ambitious emissions reductions now could interfere with future climate negotiations, was roundly defeated.
Rasmus Hansson, the leader of the Norwegian Green party in parliament, said: “This is a direct response to the commitments Norway took on by ratifying the Paris agreement and means that we will have to step up our climate action dramatically. ‘2050' is science fiction. ‘2030' is closer to us now than the year 2000.”
The high profile climate motion followed a zero deforestation parliamentary vote earlier this month, which made Norway the first nation to ban public procurements that contribute to rainforest destruction.
Norway emits around 53m tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent each year and the climate minister, Vidar Helgesen, told parliament that he wanted to offset this, by paying other nations to cut their emissions under carbon trading schemes which expire in 2020.
“It is incumbent on me to underline that this proposal from parliament is really about carbon offsets,” Helgesen told the Guardian. “It is not about national emissions reductions beyond what we will contribute, through the EU process.”
Although Norway is outside the EU, it still participates in the EU's emissions trading system.
The wording of the parliamentary motion was left deliberately vague, calling for a smorgasbord of measures to achieve carbon neutrality, with no percentages for how much each should contribute.
It said that “climate neutrality can be achieved through the EU emissions trading market, international cooperation on emissions reductions, emissions trading and project-based cooperation.”
Helgesen said: “The reason why we're not comfortable with this proposal is frankly that the [emissions reduction] methods parliament is pointing to are currently not available and the only one that is available right now, won't be after 2020.”
The government argues that more quid pro-quo commitments can be won if climate neutrality is used as a bargaining chip after a review of the Paris agreement in 2018. This would also prevent any double-counting of Norwegian emissions cuts in the UN and EU systems.
The government plans to return to parliament on the question of how the proposal could be achieved.
But the Greens and left groups in parliament say they will mount an “ongoing political battle” to ensure that the measures adopted go beyond carbon offsets alone.
“Our climate neutrality position could mean nothing if it is done that way,” Hansson said. “Norway cannot claim to be a contributor to the [non-binding] 1.5C target [agreed at Paris], if we continue to push for more oil and gas activity.”
A Norwegian decision in January to up its fossil fuel production in some of the region's riskiest and most environmentally fragile areas raised eyebrows in the wake of the Paris agreement.
“This is a totally separate issue, as the climate neutrality goalposts are all about offsets by 2030,” Helgesen said. “After 2030, it is going to get tougher, and beyond that, even tougher.”
CHICAGO - A woman pleaded guilty to setting a Chicago apartment on fire after she became angry because her boyfriend smoked all of their marijuana, reports CBS Chicago.
Linda Lopez, 35, of Chicago, pleaded guilty Wednesday to residential arson and was sentenced to four years in prison. She was also ordered to pay $1,000 in restitution.
Lopez had initially been charged with aggravated arson, but the charge was reduced, according to the station.
Authorities say the 35-year-old had been living in a Riverside apartment for just two weeks when she set the place on fire on April 28, 2013.
She reportedly told police she fell asleep, and when she woke up, her marijuana was gone. She accused her live-in boyfriend, and the argument turned violent, with Lopez punching and threatening to stab him with a knife, according to police.
She then punctured a plastic perfume bottle, poured the perfume on some towels in the hallway and set the towels on fire, according to police.
The Riverside Fire Department quickly put out the blaze, which damaged an apartment door, wall and floor, and the adjacent hallway, police said.
Authorities say Lopez and her boyfriend had been "partying and consuming large amounts of heroin on a daily basis" prior to the incident.
Katherine was a member of the sizable Woodville or Wydeville family who came to prominence when King Edward IV of England married her sister Elizabeth Woodville. Although the family would suffer many adversities during the time of great upheaval which would later be named the Wars of the Roses, Katherine managed to survive and live well into the reign of the new Tudor king Henry VII. She married three times and had several prominent children.
Katherine was born c. 1458. Her father was Sir Richard Woodville, 1st Earl Rivers and her mother was Jacquetta, Duchess of Bedford. Sir Richard was from a prominent family of the landed gentry and Jacquetta was of the nobility of Luxembourg. The Woodville family was large and Katherine appears to have been one of the youngest if not the youngest child. Little is known of her childhood but she would have been given an education worthy of a child of her rank.
The Woodville family lived a quiet life in their home of Grafton Regis in Northamptonshire until their fortunes changed dramatically sometime in 1464. King Edward IV married Katherine's eldest sister Elizabeth, the widow of a Lancastrian knight. From that point on, many of the Woodvilles found positions at court and were married into the nobility of England.
Shortly before the new Queen's coronation, Katherine was married to Henry Stafford, 2nd Duke of Buckingham. He was about four years older than Katherine. The couple attended the coronation of Queen Elizabeth on May 26, 1465. Because of their youth, both were carried on the shoulders of unnamed persons in the procession for the ceremony. Katherine dined at the feast afterwards. There is some evidence that Katherine served in the household of the Queen in the mid-to-late 1460's. Her husband was in the custody of the Queen during these years and lived in her household.
In 1472, Katherine was present for the great festivities at court during the visit of the Flemish courtier and nobleman Louis de Gruthuyse. Around the time of the readeption of King Henry VI, her husband was in the custody of his grandmother. In 1474, he finally had most of his inheritance in hand. It is presumed Katherine and Henry would have been living together at this time. In 1475, Henry participated in the invasion of France with King Edward but he returned before the peace talks at Picquigny in August.
After this, Henry was noticeably out of public life, living quietly with Katherine on his estates in Brecon, Wales. Katherine attended the wedding and banquet of her nephew Richard Duke of York to Anne Mowbray in January 1478. About a month later, Katherine's first child Edward was born and King Edward IV served as his godfather. Katherine would have both a daughter Elizabeth and a son Henry in 1479 and a daughter Anne in 1483. There may have been another son Humphrey who died young.
King Edward IV died unexpectedly in April of 1483. He was succeeded by his young son Edward V. But Edward IV's brother Richard Duke of Gloucester usurped the throne from his nephew with the help of Katherine's husband and Edward V and his brother Richard Duke of York were imprisoned in the Tower of London upon the suggestion of Buckingham. Buckingham was richly rewarded by Richard III for his help. Because of Richard's hostilities towards Katherine's family, she did not attend his coronation.
By the fall of 1483, the two princes had disappeared from the Tower and were never seen again. Buckingham, for whatever reasons, made the fateful decision to rebel against King Richard III and joined the men who backed Henry Tudor for the throne. Katherine was with her husband when he moved from the family home in Brecon to Weobley, leaving her daughters at Brecon. The rebellion was a failure and Buckingham fled, entrusting his eldest son to a reliable knight for protection. He was eventually captured and beheaded on November 2, 1483. Buckingham's will granted Katherine a one thousand mark jointures but she was attainted by Parliament and deprived of this money.
The king sent men to hunt for Katherine and her children. Her eldest son evaded capture but Katherine and Henry were discovered and taken to London by Christopher Wellesbourne and Richard Huddleston. By December 1483, Katherine had permission to bring her remaining children and servants from Wales to London. But her actual whereabouts during the rest of the reign of Richard III are unknown. It is possible she joined her sister Queen Elizabeth in sanctuary in Westminster Abbey or she may have been detained somewhere in London in a religious establishment or in the household of a trusted nobleman of the king which was a common custom at the time. We do know on April 24, 1484, King Richard granted her £200 per annum from revenues of Tonbridge in Kent.
Katherine's fortunes took another about face turn in August 1485. Henry Tudor invaded England with an army and forced a showdown with Richard III at Bosworth Field on August 22. Richard III was killed during the battle and Henry Tudor gained the throne by right of conquest as King Henry VII, the first of the Tudor monarchs. Just before Henry's coronation, Katherine's eldest son Edward, who was seven years old, was created a Knight of the Bath. The wardship of her two eldest sons was given to the king's mother, Margaret Beaufort and they grew up in her household.
An Act of Parliament reversed her attainder and Katherine was awarded not only her dower but the one thousand mark jointures from her husband's will was restored. The dower lands included thirty-five lordships and manors, about half of the Buckingham estates in England and Wales. They included extensive properties in Kent, Surrey, London, Norfolk, Gloucestershire, Cornwall, Hereford and the Marches of Wales. Her annual revenue was a generous £2500, making her a very wealthy woman.
All of this was in anticipation of Katherine's marriage to King Henry's fifty-five year old uncle Jasper Tudor, Duke of Bedford. The marriage was acknowledged by Parliament on November 7, 1485 and was meant to bolster Bedford's position as the king's representative in Wales as well as bring him increased wealth. Katherine's estates were kept under separate administration by her husband.
Katherine and Jasper joined the court for Christmas in 1485. King Henry gave Katherine a gold goblet as a gift. The following March, Jasper returned to Wales but Katherine remained at the abbey of Stratford near London. King Henry married Katherine's niece Elizabeth of York on January 18, 1486. Katherine attended Queen Elizabeth's coronation on November 25, 1487. She rode in the first chariot behind the queen during the procession from the Tower of London to Westminster Abbey and sat on the left side of the queen at the subsequent banquet.
Katherine spent most of her time in Bedford's castle at Thornbury in Gloucestershire. There were no children born to Katherine during this marriage. Her sister, the dowager queen died on June 8, 1492 and she may or may not have attended the simple funeral four days later. Her husband Jasper died on December 21, 1495. Katherine was not named in his will.
On February 25, 1496, Katherine married Richard Wingfield who was twelve years her junior. He was apparently a younger son in a large family and was struggling financially. Two of his brothers, John and Edmund, were serving in Katherine's household and perhaps Richard was also. The couple had no children but Richard gained the use of Kimbolton Castle and a jointure income during her lifetime of £1000 from revenues of the Stafford estates.
This marriage had been made without royal license and Henry VII fined them the enormous sum of £2000. The fine would not be paid until Katherine's eldest son came into his inheritance as the third Duke of Buckingham. Katherine died on May 18, 1497 having been married a little over a year. Her place of burial is unknown. Wingfield would become an influential courtier and diplomat in the early years of the Tudor dynasty. He would become a Knight of the Garter and remarry sometime before 1513. He died in Toledo while on a diplomatic mission. Before his death in July of 1525, he drew up his will and in remembrance of Katherine, ordered masses be said for her soul.
Further reading: “Jasper Tudor: Godfather of the Tudor Dynasty” by Debra Bayani, entry in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography on Henry Stafford, second Duke of Buckingham written by C.S.L. Davies, “The Woodvilles: The Wars of the Roses and England's Most Infamous Family” by Susan Higginbotham
It might seem peculiar, considering it was the major football news story of the summer, but Raheem Sterling's transfer from Liverpool to Manchester City has almost gone under the radar.
If £49 million was considered a huge outlay for Sterling early in the summer -- the most expensive English player ever, and then the eighth-highest transfer fee of all time -- it was normalised by Kevin De Bruyne joining City for an even higher fee, and then virtual unknown Anthony Martial signing for Manchester United for a fee which could, with add-ons, also overtake the Sterling sum.
Then there have been the other stories from an eventful campaign so far -- Chelsea's complete collapse, Jurgen Klopp's arrival, Arsenal's Champions League struggles. Nobody has been talking about Sterling, no one questioning whether he's settled in. This weekend, everyone is talking about him again.
Manchester City AFC Bournemouth 5 1 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
The consensus about Sterling, at least at the time of his move, was that he was a hugely talented footballer yet to develop a reliable end product. That was harsh, not least because it's extremely rare for such a young footballer to be consistent with his final ball.
So much has happened in Sterling's short career -- a key part of a title challenge, a starter at the World Cup, a massive transfer -- that it's easy to forget he's still only 20. No one -- not Leo Messi, not Cristiano Ronaldo, not Neymar -- finds their peak efficiency at 20.
Besides, Sterling's numbers in terms of 'end product' have actually been impressive -- in the league, he managed a combined 14 goals and assists in 2013-14, and exactly the same figure in 2014-15. Of the 30 players who scored more goals (7) or the 15 players who registered more assists (7) than Sterling last season, no one was his age or younger.
The key to assessing whether Sterling will become better, of course, isn't simply about assessing the numbers, but about looking for signs of improvement. And this has unquestionably happened -- when Sterling first broke through into the Liverpool side, he literally couldn't shoot.
He used to dribble his way past opponents, leave full-backs for dead, and then scuff his shots horribly. He simply couldn't generate enough power, and his goals generally came from very close range -- two efforts in Liverpool's 5-1 demolition of Arsenal in February 2014 spring to mind.
The next season, things looked better already, to the extent that Brendan Rodgers sometimes deployed him as Liverpool's de facto centre-forward. There were moments when he seemed unconvincing, like when he was repeatedly thwarted by David De Gea in a 3-0 defeat in December 2014, but he got better and better.
A goal away at Chelsea in a Capital One Cup semifinal last season showed his improvement -- he held off midfield challenges, roared past the defenders and shot past the goalkeeper. He'd become an all-round attacker, and while his goals and assists total stayed the same as the previous campaign, he was matching that figure in a significantly worse team.
Sterling's protracted summer transfer left a bitter taste for many, perhaps primarily those who find it difficult to accept Manchester City, with their new money, are now a more attractive club than Liverpool, with their history. But there was a relentless, almost uncomfortable media campaign to sully Sterling's name, to paint him as a greedy kid out to get extra cash. His agent, in fairness, certainly didn't help the situation. But realistically, while a pay rise was certainly tempting, Sterling has moved to a better team, and has helped his new club to a position on top of the table.
City's 5-1 victory over Bournemouth on Saturday afternoon was Sterling's best performance in a City shirt yet. So far this season he's almost seemed like a handy bonus rather than a key player, with David Silva pulling the strings between the lines, Sergio Aguero providing the goals upfront and De Bruyne making an instant impact. But with Silva and Aguero both out at the weekend because of injuries sustained on international duty, Sterling took centre-stage -- more literally than you might expect.
De Bruyne seemed the obvious candidate to play as City's No. 10 in Silva's absence. Instead, De Bruyne was on the left with Sterling central, just behind Wilfried Bony but playing close enough to be considered a second striker. By the end of the first half, he'd grabbed a hat trick -- his first, as many as the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Dennis Bergkamp, Eric Cantona and Gianfranco Zola managed in their entire Premier League careers.
Two goals were simple poachers' efforts -- the first after he'd got himself into a good far-post position for a right-wing cross, the third even easier after Jesus Navas had launched a counter-attack through the middle.
But the second goal was remarkable -- Sterling started a run from a deep, central position, sprinted onto a pass from De Bruyne, moved inside onto his right foot, and then produced two dummies to first put Steve Cook on the ground, then do the same to Sylvain Distin. As he despatched the ball into the net, both left-back Charlie Daniels and goalkeeper Adam Federici were prostrate too. Sterling left four players on the ground with his trickery in the space of three seconds, the type of behaviour you expect from the world's most deadly strikers.
One of Sterling's most surprising qualities is his tactical intelligence. Young, quick dribblers are often wayward, frustrating talents who abandon their positional responsibilities in pursuit of glory, but Sterling has played almost everywhere over the last two seasons, and always been up to the task. He's played on the right, the left, as a centre-forward and as a No. 10. He has been played at wing-back when Liverpool played a three-man defence. Every time, he has understood where to be, how to move, who to mark.
Raheem Sterling's hat trick vs. Bournemouth takes his goals tally to five for the season.
As a centre-forward on Saturday, he moved across to the flanks, working the channels, and came short to link play. He ran in behind too, as you would expect, but with a good awareness of Bournemouth's offside trap, often doing the Robert Lewandowski trick of starting his runs from five yards in front of the defence, so he's up at full speed by the time he roars past the opposition centre-backs.
When De Bruyne and Navas attacked down the flanks, Sterling glanced up to see centre-forward Wilfried Bony's intention before taking up a different position, often coming short for the pull-back. His three goals came from six shots, and he also created three chances for teammates.
This was, of course, only Bournemouth. But it was telling that City didn't miss Silva, the Premier League's best playmaker, or Aguero, the Premier League's best centre-forward.
"We had to do something different without Sergio and David," Manuel Pellegrini said afterward. "I am happy because we changed his position and played him in the middle, with Bony in front of him.
"We felt it was better for him to be near Bony and also near the box. With his movement we thought Raheem could be dangerous and fortunately he was, he scored three goals. He also missed three or four goals, but he did very well.
"When we bought Raheem in the summer I said we are buying a 20-year-old who is very young and needs to improve. He is not a striker, but he can improve his finishing and, today, he did."
Many have missed the point about Sterling's transfer, about his end product -- but Pellegrini understands the situation perfectly. He's already recording statistics beyond his years, and will only continue to improve. In a couple of years' time, this central role might even be his optimum position.
Michael Cox is the editor of zonalmarking.net and a contributor to ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @Zonal_Marking.
Curtis Wiklund is a Michigan-based wedding photographer and illustrator. After an inspiring conversation with his wife Jordin, who was involved in a 365-day photography project, he came up with the idea of a daily sketch blog to document the precious moments they spend together. He drew one illustration every day for 365 days and created a series of adorable sketches that everyone in a relationship will relate to. Check out the best ones below.
1. Our first kiss
2. The proposal
3. She read to me, I played the guitar, and then I drew a picture
4. I love her so much
5. Back-scratching as a sedative
6. Post-shower, pre-hairspray
7. Snowboard goggles and onions
8. I don't want the summer to end
9. I still learn something new about my wife every day. She is a professional painter.
10. Budgeting
11. Memorizing Psalm 91
12. Happy Anniversary love of my life!
13. Leaving for Florida
14. My wife keeps me company when I need to pull a late nighter
15. Mmmm, wearing layers
16. Cold season
17. Our Christmas tree
18. Happy New Year! What should I draw? … Us
19. There's a light at the end of the tunnel
20. Out cold
21. Dumb fight
22. Sleepover with my best friend
23. My valentine
24. Some place I'd like to be
25. We're pregnant
26 Did a lot of laughing today
27. Furniture shopping
28. Hard night
29. Will you still love me when I look like this?
30. Evening in Venice, someday
31. My sleepy girl
32. Together forever
Share this post with your partner and voice your views in the comments below. All images © Curtis Wiklund.
Your band has a very spacial progressive element with Post Black metal theme. How did this sound come to be for Tid?
Well, there are a lot of elements to take into consideration when trying to explain the sound of Tid. Basically you can say that we never had this ”one band/one sound” that we wanted to copy or sound like. Our sources of inspiration are legio. The sound of Tid is a mere manifestation of something we hear in our heads, made up from thousands of different musical styles. Little or no inspiration at all are taken from real BM or regular progmusic in that sense, other than the choice of instrumentation. Or rather – we listen to BM and to some older progbands, but it's not like we want to sound just like that. I think it's fair to say that given our frame, i.e. how we decided to carry out our music (guitars, bass, drums, ambient synth's and harsh vocals) it can easily be interpreted that we want to sound like BM or prog. And maybe that is why the most metal heads find our music so weird: they are used to the sound of the instruments – but not to the idea of the actual music. We find our inspirations all over, not just in our or our peers asses. If one does – one will eventually and sooner rather than later sound and look like everything else. And we are not interested in doing that.
Your albums at the core have a genre but each goes off in a direction one more prog one more ethereal and the other more post metal. was this a plan all along
No, it wasn't. We develop, and we wouldn't listen to what we ourselves had to say in 2006 about what we were supposed to do in 2017. We get smarter, get more and different sources of inspiration and also get new ideas. Thought, as much as we develop there is some kind of ”world” we enter when we write for Tid. Like, whatever idea we might have, it needs to feel it fits in our mutual idea of what Tid is and shall be. Just what that is I couldn't say, but I can very well tell you what it is not.
You have had The Sign a new label to many of us reissue all 3 of your albums how did this come about?
We recorded our debut EP ”Bortom Inom” in 2006, our second EP ”Giv Akt” and our third
EP ”Fix Idé” in 2015. In 2015 we had just signed a record deal with The Sign Records, and it was decided that they would also press and sell our first two EPs, since none of them had never previously been released in a physical format. Hence the release of all three albums more or less all at once.
Your from Sweden, a hot bed of extreme musical ideas. How does this influence the sound of Tid? What is the local scene like in 2017?
As much as we don't really dive into any Swedish metal scene (if that is what you refer to) I guess we are part of it since we are Swedish and live here. The local scene seems to be very vivid and constantly growing. More people than ever are in bands and a lot of exciting ideas are heard and seen, as well as many or more not so exciting ones. There are a lot of great Swedish bands/artists. Unfortunately many of them are not so original, and it kind of seems to want to sound just like their idols and nothing else – and they do it rather good. In doing that they seem to lack a voice of their own; they become great copies with great songs, but maybe not so exciting when it comes to the sound or the actual songs. Then again – if something is great – why not have more if it? : )
In 4 words how would you explain TID sound to someone who has never heard them? Majestic, mysterious, dreamy and filmic.
What bands are impressing the members of Tid currently either local or global? Oh, a long list. Everything from The Beatles to Mozart, Neurosis to Bob Dylan, Dead Can Dance to Prince, Vangelis to Air. It would be unfair to say that one band or artist.
Your Website http://timeisdivine.com/ seems to be a portal to video , music streaming and video . Do you feel social media and digital media is the future of promotion currently?
Yes, we do. Apart from actual PR groups, when it comes to a band promoting themselves in order to be heard or seen, internet is obviously a great platform. Mostly because people can find you, and you don't always have to find them. For people with certain interests, the digital world is full of opportunities. Clever ideas, strong followings that are willing to help you spread news or updates, great music and visual art can go a long way today. Yet, the internet is a very busy place, and it will naturally be hard to be seen or heard without the help of PR Companies, Record Companies or any sort of investor. But even without all that, people from all over the world can listen or look at what you are doing at an instant, if they happen to stumble upon you.
The Video for Aurora Surrealis is impressive how does it play in the theme of the song?
The video idea is not connected to the lyrical content of the song in that sense. Tid's singer
Claudio Marino wrote the synopsis and made the whole video, as that is what he does
when he is not singing in Tid – work as a filmmaker. So, the video is another story, set to the tones and lyrics of Aurora Surrealis.
What is a live show for Tid like how does it differ from the albums ? We do not know. We have only ever done one live gig with Tid, back in 2010. Since then we have been busy doing other things, to put it mildly.
Martin you were part of Ghost a very different sound force why leave them and focus on Tid?
I didn't. My main focus is on MCC [Magna Carta Cartel], which is the sister band of Tid, containing more or less the same members, but that has a different musical style.
Do the members of Tid play in other project if so tell us about them please.
As mentioned above – we also play in MCC [Magna Carta Cartel]. It is Tid's sisterband, and is not as mysterious and dark, but still a dreamy kind of music. That is our main band, and Tid is our Art-project if you will.
Were done you see the future style or sounds of Tid heading? No idea. We never ever write any music for Tid unless we are inspired to. Right now we are writing an album for MCC [Magna Carta Cartel]. Now and then we write something that we feel belongs in the world of Tid – and then we just put it into our Tid-ideas box and let it marinate in age. Then, one day when that box has a lot of stuff in it, we sit down and concentrate on writing songs out of the ideas. That tends to happen every 3 or 4 years, simply because we like to do things slowly with Tid and also because we write a lot of music for other things, and most of it is not as dark as the Tid stuff. It comes when it comes, and what it might look or sound like next time we do not know – blessed be. It would be rather boring otherwise, wouldn't it? :)
How does visuals or image play a role in bands over all presentation or fan base in 2017?
For our own part it is vital and integral. We present ourselves not only with music, but also with art. We like a lot of artists that take a more casual approach in their presentation, but we are not that. For us, this particular band ”looks” like this, and thus it is important for us to get that idea across along with the music.
Aside from that I think that the image of artists today has since long taken over the importance over music. Shit songs shouldn't be able to stay alive, but they do with enough PR and artist-image and videos and whatnot. Luckily, given the world's evergreen catalogue, there are a lot of older better songs still available if one does not approve of the current musical climate. Also, and in line with what I just wrote, image can actually make a song better. Maybe the image have you listen to the song in a different way, maybe the song makes more sense because of the video, maybe the album cover makes you feel like you are in a place where this particular song fits perfectly, unlike how it fits into your kitchen when you are cooking. Image and music are tied together since way back. It is rather hard to find any ”clean” music if you think about it. All bands or artists are tied to an image. That image might very well be played down to look like casual and unpretentious, but that is rarely the case when you look closer at it. People think of how they are perceived, and make efforts to control it.
There are a lot of interesting thoughts about this – how the music itself is distorted by things other than just the music. Even if you listen to classical music, which is seldom marketed as a band or a cool artist, you will still see images in your head that has nothing to do the with the music: a symphonic orchestra, a musical director or just a scene from that movie where it was used recently.
So all in all – yes, image plays a huge role. It is what you tie your music to, in order to present more than just the sheet music: image is the sounds of your band, the looks of your band, the name of your band, the photos of your band, what instruments you choose to play, what you say and do, and lately with todays we-want-to-know-everything – also what you eat for breakfast. : )
Porkenstein just seemed like a appropriate name for them. A great burger and very filling. I started by taking a 1/2 lb of ground beef and mixing it with 2 large uncooked Brats I got from the local deli.I just uncased the brats and mixed the 2 meats together into patty form.
I grilled those for about 13 minutes just on the edge of my coals only flipping the burgers twice.
Once they were cooked, I threw on a layer of Off The Bone Deli Honey Ham
Then I added some Cheddar Cheese
Then I added Some Mozzarella
Then I topped it with Bacon
and covered it back up on the grill with some melting domes for about 3 minutes or until all the cheese was melted. When I took it off, I topped it with some Crystal Hot Sauce. Very good but super filling. A good mix of the spicy Brat anf flame broilled Hamburger. A fun burger idea. I will try and make it a little prettier next time!
Back in January, strategy specialists Arcen Games announced its then newest game—the roguelike bullet hell Starward Rogue—had been received well critically, but had flopped financially. This in turn forced mass layoffs at the studio, its founder and CEO Chris Park wrote in a blog post, therefore much rested on the shoulders of its latest game In Case of Emergency, Release Raptor.
After just three days on sale via Steam's Early Access programme, it's been pulled, refunds have been offered, and will now be given away free-of-charge.
“I'm going to give all the customers of In Case of Emergency, Release Raptor a full refund and let them keep the game, then take the game off sale,” explained Park in an update post on Saturday—just three days after the game's Wednesday launch. “The game is selling extremely poorly, even below what happened with Starward Rogue.”
Park then explored the reasons why such a seemingly drastic decision was made after such as short period of time, which he said was mainly down to past experiences and his regret for failing to act quickly enough in steadying the boat. In a new update posted today, Park explains he and Arcen's plans moving forward and how to initiate refunds.
“Finally today I was able to have full conversations with Valve and Humble, we got things taken down, and I finally have some concrete answers for you on exactly what is planned next,” says Park. “Valve had some great suggestions based around the multitude of various requests that people have had during this period. I wasn't sure exactly what to do, so I was very glad for the guidance there.”
Ultimately, Park hopes In Case of Emergency, Release Raptor will eventually catch on in its free-to-play state, something which will make him consider a fully-realised follow up. Otherwise, Arcen will work on AI War 2: Rise from Ashes—a follow up to the original game which made the company's name.
Although stated in the posts linked above, there doesn't appear to be any way to download or install In Case of Emergency, Release Raptor—for free or otherwise—at the time of writing.
As soon as Bill Krissoff glanced out the front window during breakfast to see who had rung his doorbell at eight on a Saturday morning, he knew. Three Marines, ramrod straight in their dress blues, stood next to an Army chaplain.
Nate, Krissoff's elder son, twenty-five years old, had deployed to Iraq with an elite reconnaissance battalion as a first lieutenant in the Marine Corps.
"We regret to inform you," one of the Marines began saying once Krissoff opened the door. He doesn't remember the rest. His head spinning, his body seized with shock, he stumbled through the house to wake up Christine, his wife. Soon they were sitting together on a living room sofa as the Marines explained, with grim solemnity, what had occurred a half day earlier half a world away from their home in Reno, Nevada.
Nathan M. Krissoff, a counterintelligence specialist, had been returning to his base from a village near Fallujah when his Humvee drove over a bomb buried in a dry riverbed. The brunt of the blast hit the vehicle's right side. Nate had been in the right rear seat.
The Marines sat stoically, awaiting the next question Bill or Christine would ask.
The Krissoffs wanted to call their other son, Austin, at the Marine Corps' Officer Candidates School in Quantico, Virginia.
Less than three years younger than Nate, he was following his brother's trail from an elite prep school in Pebble Beach, California, to a small New England liberal arts college, and then into military service.
The Krissoffs aren't one of those families in which every male for the last four generations has worn a uniform. Bill, who came of age during the Vietnam War, wasn't drafted and didn't volunteer. Nate hadn't been on the military track. In high school, he wrote poetry, played in the school symphony, and enjoyed wild-water kayaking. At Williams College in Massachusetts, which doesn't have an Army or Marine ROTC program, he captained the swim team and majored in political science.
Then came September 11, 2001. He was a junior. The father of his best friend on the swim team, a New York banker, did nothing for six weeks but go to funerals. Nate's carefree ways began to turn more serious. A year after he graduated, he applied for a job with the CIA. At his interview, the recruiter was impressed with Nate's education and aptitude but urged him to get some seasoning before pursuing such a career. Crestfallen, Nate contacted a friend from Williams who had become a Marine intelligence officer. If he wanted seasoning, his friend said, the Marines would give it to him.
In June 2004, as the Iraq war was becoming ever more perilous for American troops, Nate told his father that he wanted to become a Marine officer. Bill was more than a little apprehensive.
"Do you fully understand what this means?" he asked his son. "Do you understand the risk?"
Nate said he did.
Three months later, Nate was marching across the parade field at Quantico, a newly commissioned second lieutenant. Bill and Christine sat in the bleachers, as proud as the other parents, but understandably anxious. This is the real deal, Bill thought to himself as he watched his lanky son in the distance, standing at attention, his thick, dark hair shorn into a Marine-regulation high-and-tight buzz cut under his cap.
But before Nate could be called into a battle zone, there would be Basic School, where he was taught the art and science of leading Marines. Then intelligence school. Then an assignment on Okinawa. It was there that he talked his way into an Iraq deployment with the Third Reconnaissance Battalion.
As he headed to Iraq in September 2006, he sent an e-mail to his parents and Austin, who had graduated from college and was preparing to enter Marine officer school.
Almost five years to the day after September 11, 2001, I have the chance to put my money where my mouth is in terms of service ... I'm constantly reminded of that famous quote from Tom Hanks' character at the end of Saving Private Ryan: "Earn this." Earning it will mean sacrifice, determination, doing my job to the best of my ability. I chose this, and I wouldn't have it any other way. The complexities of the conflict and the shifting perceptions of the world are all but totally irrelevant to the fact that we fight for the men at our side; my success will be gauged by the responsibility to safeguard Marines and accomplish the mission, not by any other metric. I'm lucky to be deploying with such a phenomenal, savvy group of guys.
Several weeks later, Nate wrote to Austin, who had started school at Quantico, with a description of an attack that killed Sergeant Jonathan J. Simpson, a much-admired member of the recon battalion.
Why do I tell you this? Because Sgt. Simpson and many all-Americans like him are the ones you will be entrusted to lead, protect and stand in front of. Never forget that all the trials and training you and the other candidates (eventually Second Lieutenants) go through is not about you. America's sons and daughters will be entrusted to your care. You owe them competence, discipline, courage, judgment, etc. Post Sgt. Simpson's memorial picture, perhaps up on your squad bay read-board, tell your fire team and squad and platoon about him -- as a clear reminder of what this is all about. Keep it with you through the trials ahead. Because when you hear the final roll call, the long bugle playing taps, and the bagpipes wailing -- we better have done everything short of the hand of God Himself to accomplish the mission and bring Marines home. It is a sacrifice he and many like him have made fighting for each other. Earn it.
When Nate became the 2,924th American service member killed in Operation Iraqi Freedom on December 9, 2006, Austin was almost finished with officer school. He wanted to stay with his training platoon, "the only people," he thought, "who understood what happened." But the staff at Quantico put him on a flight to Reno.
His mother hoped he would reconsider his decision to be a Marine -- the service offered him the choice of walking away because he was his parents' only surviving child -- but he would not change his mind. Nate "would have wanted nothing more than for me to carry on the mission," he said. But to partly assuage his mother's concerns, he decided that instead of going into the infantry as he had planned, he would specialize in intelligence, as his brother had, though in a noncombat role. A week after he arrived in Reno, he was commissioned as an officer in a low-key swearing-in at his parents' house.
On the Saturday before Christmas, the Krissoffs held a memorial service for Nate in Reno. White-gloved Marines hoisted a flag-draped coffin containing an urn with Nate's cremated ashes. The national anthem was played. A teacher at Nate's high school recalled his warmth, his love of literature, and his mischievous side. "As a young man Nate was, indeed, Dickens' Pip, Salinger's Holden, and Twain's Huck. But he was also Ferris Bueller." A friend from Williams described him as "goofy, hilarious, and charismatic on the outside but disciplined, insightful, and focused on the inside." Captain Michael Dubrule, who had led Nate through intelligence training, told the mourners that Nate skillfully collected information to help save the lives of American troops and innocent Iraqis. "I want you all to know that Nate died doing what he loved, leading men in combat, saving lives, and making a difference in the lives of so many," Dubrule said. "No greater epitaph can be written, no greater sacrifice can be made."
After a few weeks, Bill threw himself back into his work as an orthopedic surgeon. Chris joined him in the office, where she ran the business side of his solo practice. He returned to the operating theater. Grief welled inside him, but his skill as a physician was undiminished. Soon, however, treating busted shoulders and bum knees -- as he had for twenty-eight years -- began to feel unfulfilling. One day that spring, a patient came in complaining of minor knee pain, the sort of ache that would go away with some rest or a varied workout routine.
Why, Bill thought, am I spending my time hearing people complain about nothing?
A few months later, Nate's battalion commander, Lieutenant Colonel William Seely, traveling the country to visit the parents of his fallen Marines, came to see the Krissoff family. Bill and Austin took him for a hike around Lake Tahoe's Emerald Bay, and Bill asked Seely about medical care for Marines in Iraq. Seely told him that every Marine battalion deploys with a surgeon and numerous medics, all from the Navy. As Seely described the role of the battalion surgeon, the penny dropped for Bill.
That's what I want to do, he thought. I want to be a battalion surgeon.
Bill was as lean as his boys. He stayed fit by biking, hiking, kayaking, and skiing. He figured he could meet the military's physical requirements, so he called up a Navy recruiter in San Francisco and offered up his services. The recruiter posed a series of questions. Finally, he asked how old Bill was.
"Sixty," Bill said.
"Um, that's a problem," the recruiter replied. "You're too old." Anyone over forty-two who wants to join the Navy Reserve medical corps needs an age waiver, the recruiter explained. He wasn't optimistic about the possibility of a sixty-year-old obtaining one.
Undeterred, Krissoff called an Air Force recruiter. He got a similar answer. So he went back to treating sore knees.
That August, he and Christine received a voice-mail message from a White House aide inviting them to meet with President George W. Bush after he spoke to an American Legion convention in Reno the following week. They attended the speech with Austin, standing in the back and laughing at the president's self-deprecating humor. As the president was concluding his remarks, they were ushered into a small room with several other families. All of them were "gold star" parents and siblings, those who had lost sons or daughters, brothers or sisters, in Iraq or Afghanistan.
Bush strode in a few minutes later and shook everyone's hand. He spoke at length about the war, explaining his strategy and lauding the sacrifice of his audience's fallen relatives. The Krissoffs listened intently. Iraq was being torn apart by a civil war. U.S. troops were getting attacked daily. Hundreds of Americans had come back in caskets since Nate's final journey home. The war had become deeply unpopular: fewer than four in ten Americans still believed it was worth fighting. When Bush asked for questions or comments, Bill spoke up. He knew what had driven Nate to join the Marines, to find his way to Iraq. He didn't want his son to have died in vain.
"Let's stay the course," he told the president.
Bush approached each family individually and asked if there was anything he could do to help them. Several made small requests for assistance in dealing with death-benefits paperwork. An aide dutifully jotted notes.
Then Bush walked over to the Krissoffs and posed the same question.
"Yes, sir. There is one thing," Bill said. "I want to join the Navy medical corps and serve, but they told me I was too old. No disrespect, but I'm younger than you are."
Bush's eyes widened. He looked at Christine.
"What does Mom think?"
Christine said she and Bill had talked about his desire to serve.
She wasn't thrilled with the prospect of his traveling to a war zone, but she wouldn't stand in the way if going might help her husband heal. "I'm on board with it," she said.
Bush turned to Austin, who had driven up from Camp Pendleton to accompany his parents to the meeting. He was skeptical, but he, too, didn't want to sabotage his father's quest. "He'll be pretty good out there," he told the president.
Bush said he would be meeting with General Peter Pace, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in two days and would mention Krissoff's request. He summoned Karl Rove, one of his top aides, to collect the necessary information from Bill.
"I'll see what I can do," Bush said.
Three days after meeting Bush, Krissoff received a phone call from the same Navy recruiter who had scoffed at his request to join a few months earlier. "I have orders to meet with you by the end of the day," the recruiter said. When Krissoff replied that he was trailering a horse with his wife and could not immediately drive down to San Francisco -- three hours away by car -- the recruiter was undeterred. "I'm coming up to see you," he said.
Krissoff took the recruiter to dinner, filled out a stack of paperwork -- and waited. A month later, he got word that he had been accepted into the Navy Reserve for his dream assignment: a Marine Corps medical battalion.
Although he was required to train once a month, Krissoff treated his reserve duties as a full-time job. For him, joining the military wasn't about wearing a uniform and attending to Marines on the home front. He wanted to go to Iraq, as Nate had done and Austin would be doing soon. And that meant spending as much time as possible learning how to be a combat physician. He had decades of medical experience, but none of that involved treating blast wounds.
He and his wife moved to the San Diego area in early 2008 so he could be closer to the Navy hospital on the Marine Corps air base in Miramar, where he signed up for every combat-medicine course he could take. He traveled to Morocco that summer to participate in a military exercise during which he practiced working in a field hospital. He attended advanced workshops at an Army hospital in Texas, and he joined Marines on heart-thumping hikes through the rocky Southern California hills to prove to superiors a generation younger that he could withstand the rigors of deployment.
When his training felt grueling, he thought back to a letter Nate had written while he was at officer school:
0 dark 30. 4:30 a.m. Then it began. Platoon staff formally introduced us and then took charge. Imagine tables flipping, chairs getting thrown against walls, instructors screaming. A volume that shocks the body. PT has been harder than any work I've done in my life ... Pain is constant here. Honor, sacrifice, integrity aren't just fairytale phrases. They're earned every day in sweat, tears, blood, etc., by these people. The values of the USMC are one of a kind. Keep shit straight ... The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
Austin, who was stationed at Pendleton at the time, came by to watch his father put on his uniform. "He'd shake his head and redo everything," Bill said with a chuckle.
The following is a Question and Answer section that we at The Sporting Gentlemen had with homebrewing guru Marc Wisdom. It was a fantastic interview, and for those who missed it, please listen to the recording below (skip to 40:10) as Marc was in the third segment to help us close what was a fantastic show. Find him on Twitter – @JaxBeerGuy.
RUSS – As an avid homebrewer myself, I always like to hear about the gear people use to brew, and the size of the batches they create. With that said, tell me about your rig.
Well, I have several rigs that I use. My main rig uses a propane turkey cooker with a ten gallon pot for mashing and the boil, a five gallon plastic bucket with an airlock for the primary fermentation and a six-gallon glass carboy with airlock for the secondary fermentation.
My second rig is, like Mike, a Mr. Beer Kit. I love the simplicity of the system. I also like that I can make a small batch and experiment without having to pull out the big rig in the garage.
And then there are the commercial systems I have brewed on with some of the local breweries. Last April, Aardwolf Brewing Company in Jacksonville, Fla. let me brew a beer specifically for my wedding reception that we held in their tap room. The brewmaster, Michael Payne, let me take his pilot system — a ten-gallon system made from old half kegs — out for a spin. The result was a tasty triple IPA that weighed in at 11% ABV. We dubbed it, “Honeymoon Wrecker.”
MIKE – As you heard before, I'm just getting started out. What advice would you give to a beginner homebrewer?
The best advice I can give to a new homebrewer is to take it slow. Start brewing with malt extracts and kits. Read all the steps to the process in the instructions that come with kits before you start brewing and then follow them to the letter when you do start brewing. That will give you an opportunity to get feel for the process and learn some of the ins and outs of what it takes to brew.
But, probably the most important part of the process is sanitation. Beer is highly susceptible to contamination from foreign bacteria that can cause off flavors and even ruin an entire batch. Invest in a quality sanitation product and use it on everything that will touch the beer.
After you have made a few extract batches, try going to a partial mash where you use both malt extract and grain. After you master that, go all-grain and rock the world with your own beer flavors.
RUSS – Personally, brewing in the winter months can be a big pain. My first brew of 2014 was supposed to be an IPA, but instead turned into an IPL after bottling. Are there any tips you can offer for cold weather brewing?
I rarely have that issue here in Florida as the temperatures are usually quite warm all year. But technically, your beer was still an IPA since the difference between an ale and a lager is really dependent on the type of yeast used.
The biggest problem brewers in areas with colder winters are going to have, though, is keeping the yeast in their ales warm enough to remain active. Since ale yeast prefers warmer temperatures, a cold closet or drafty kitchen can cause the little guys to quit working before fermentation is complete.
There are a few techniques that can be used to keep ale yeast warm and happy even in cold winter months without having to heat the whole house to the optimal 68 to 72 degrees. For those on a budget, it can be as simple as wrapping the fermenter in a blanket and allowing the heat generated by the fermentation process itself keep things going. For those with a little McGuiver in them, an insulated box can be built with a light bulb rigged in it. Just be careful not to use a high wattage bulb that will make the box to warm.
MIKE – What's your favorite type of beer to brew, and what is your favorite type to drink?
I do not tie myself down to a particular style to brew, but I do have a favorite ingredient that I use in nearly every batch I brew. That is honey. I have brewed an Orange Blossom Honey Pale Ale, a Honey Hibiscus Kolsch and that Honeymoon Wrecker Triple IPA I brewed for my wedding reception had honey in it, too. I like the richness that honey adds to the flavor and the fact that it is a simple sugar and ferments almost all the way out leaving a nice dry finish.
When I am perched on a stool at my favorite tap room, I generally like to go for Belgian-style beers. I am a sucker for a great saison, but a well-crafted duble or tripel will catch my attention as well.
RUSS – One last thing — First, I've been absolutely dying for some Pliny the Elder. I've never had it before and I finally gave up looking and simply bought supplies to make my own. For others who are into rare and regional brews and only heard about in legend, where would you direct them?
Beer like Pliny the Elder and to a greater extent Russian River's companion beer Pliny the Younger are known as whales in beer circles. The best way to get your hands on one is to go to the brewery's release event. Many of these beers are so rare that it will be difficult at best to get your hands on one any other way. One strategy a lot of beer collectors use is to purchase extra bottles of whales that are released in their area and then trade for bottles from other parts of the country. Here in Florida, Cigar City Brewing Company's Hunahpu's Imperial Stout is a hot commodity. I have a friend who purchased a case of the beer and used all but a few bottles as trades to get beers like Dark Lord from Three Floyds and Cantillion Lou Pepe.
Thank you for reading. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport and @LWOSworld – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Feel free to discuss this and other footy related articles with thousands at r/football.
$\begingroup$
Recently, Joseph Henrich of UBC has been promoting his cultural brain hypothesis. The goal is to explain a selection pressure behind the development of the human brain and general intelligence. The basic premise is that our brains evolved to be better and better at accurately replicating cultural information (or memes) between generations. A secondary part of his hypothesis is that there was a tight co-evolution between culture and the genes that shape us.
This seems contrary to the more orthodox thinking of that genes shaped the base of humans largely without large-scale culture (when we were small hunter-gatherer tribes and thus culture was minimal), and then recently (on an evolutionary time scale) large-scale culture 'turned on' and there has not been a sufficient time for this to produce large genetic differences. In simplest terms, the co-evolution was minimal and instead we should think of the key players being gene evolution followed by cultural evolution (on different timescales).
To confuse things further, some scientists (like Satoshi Kanazawa of LSE) view most of what we associated with the 'perks' of human brain (such as general intelligence) as mal-adaptive on the individual level. Thus there seems to be a large distinction between the 3 general threads, which raises the question:
What is the key evidence for the cultural brain hypothesis and gene-culture co-evolution?
The only evidence I know of potential recent co-evolution of culture and genes is Dediu & Ladd's (2007) suggestion that the split between tonal and atonal languages is related to a recent (~6k years ago) mutation in the ASPM gene. Is there other evidence of recent co-evolution between genes and large-scale culture?
Related questions
Burning Questions for Auburn Fall Practice 2017
It's here. The 2017 version of Auburn fall practice begins on Monday, which can only mean we are that much closer to the beginning of a new season. There's no question that the buzz around this year's team is growing throughout the southeast and the Loveliest Village as we get closer and closer to kickoff.
Coach Gus Malzahn and the Tigers will report to Auburn on Sunday and begin practice on Monday. Auburn fall practice will last four full weeks, allowing for plenty of time to prepare for their season opener.
SEC Media Days has come and gone and practice is lurking. But what questions are still up in the air about this year's team?
Secondary Best in Country?
Former Auburn defensive back Josh Holsey confidently tweeted out that this upcoming year's secondary will be the best in the country. It may be difficult for Auburn fans to envision their defensive unit actually being the best in the country, this unit should be very good. Loaded with young talent at the defensive back position, including sophomores Daniel Thomas and Javaris Davis, and led by seniors Nick Ruffin and Tray Matthews, there's immense talent. While they may not be the best in the country, as Holsey predicted, Auburn fans shouldn't have as big of concern about opposing big-arm quarterbacks against the secondary as they have had in recent years.
Offensive Coordinator/QB system?
Most of Auburn's offseason news had to do with offensive coordinators and quarterbacks. Malzhan's long-time assistant and friend Rhett Lashlee left for the Connecticut offensive coordinator position. Ultimately, Auburn hired their 2013 offensive analyst and former Arizona State offensive-coordinator, Chip Lindsey, to fill the empty position. Lindsey was not the only newcomer, as former Baylor quarterback Jarrett Stidham transferred to Auburn has well. The relationship and system between these two will be key to Auburn's success this year. Malzahn has said he has fully handed the offensive keys to Lindsey and it seems all but official that Stidham will take over the starting quarterback position this season. The biggest expectation is that the ball will be thrown more and will be incorporated with Auburn's strong run game. Will that be the case throughout the whole season?
Daniel Being Daniel…Or More?
It seems that the only absolute, without a doubt, confident piece of Auburn's team this year is the kicking game. The two-time Lou Groza Award finalist Daniel Carlson came back to Auburn and will most certainly cement his legacy as the greatest kicker Auburn has ever seen. The consistency of Carlson is not the question here. But at Media Days, Malzahn mentioned the biggest question mark is who will be the starting punter. Neither Sage Ledbetter nor Ian Shannon has separated themselves from the other to take a hold of that job. Carlson handled kickoff, place kicking and punting duties his freshman year. But it seemed that fatigue played a factor by the end of the season. If neither Ledbetter nor Shannon takes control of the punting situation, will it be the same story all over again for Carlson and Auburn?
Offensive Line Added Major Help
Auburn's offensive line plays a huge role in the reason the Tigers have always had a run attack. While they and Coach Herb Hand often don't get the credit they deserve, it is evident when something is awry. That may be the reason Auburn focused so heavily in recruiting on the line. Transfers William Bell from Florida State, Casey Dunn from Jacksonville State and five-start recruit Calvin Ashley join Braden Smith and the Auburn line. For Auburn to have success both on the air or on the ground, they will have to allow time for Stidham to throw and open holes for Kamryn Pettway and Kerryon Johnson. If there's an issue there, how productive could Auburn's offense really be? Can this group get the chemistry set during Auburn fall practice?
Is Jarrett Stidham what Auburn hopes he is?
There is absolutely no doubt that the biggest news from Auburn's offseason is that Jarrett Stidham decided to join Gus Malzahn and the Tigers. It was a huge win for Auburn to land the former five-star and Baylor quarterback who seems to be able to work perfectly in Auburn's offense and can add more too. What if Stidham suffers another injury? His freshman campaign was cut short when he broke his ankle at Baylor. If he goes down, will Auburn still contend? There is no doubt that Sean White has proven he is a capable quarterback in this offense, but he simply does not have the talent that Stidham has to take Auburn to playoff contention level.
There is also the question of, what if Stidham does not pan out? Is the 2017 season another “Jeremy Johnson” scenario? It is under my opinion that this is not the case. Stidham can handle the pressure that Johnson could not and has shown his abilities. For the sake of argument though, if Jarrett Stidham does not pan out, I fear that it is the end of the road for Gus Malzahn's tenure at Auburn and the gap between Alabama and everyone else in the West will only widen all the more.
All in all, the season is upon us. THAT is something we can all be excited about.
What other questions do you have as for the opening of Auburn fall practice? Comment below and I'd be happy to answer any the best I can.
Fearless and True; Forever Orange and Blue,
Austin Scott
Featured image found via Google
They should teach this interview in journalism schools to show how you stop someone from lying on live TV. pic.twitter.com/VZ6TgjM3wa — Anthony Breznican (@Breznican) August 18, 2017
It hasn't been the best day for President Trump on cable news. While CNN's Brooke Baldwin was giving a long rundown of his eventful last four weeks, MSNBC hosts Ali Velshi and Stephanie Ruhle were powerfully shutting down false rhetoric about the president's record job creation.
On Friday's Velshi & Ruhle, the financial journalists were interviewing The Trump Factor author Brad Thomas about the economy, when they both had enough of his narrative.
After Velshi pressed him on “peddling this myth that Donald Trump is responsible for this [stock] market,” Thomas said the president had already created over a million jobs since he took office in January. The hosts wasted no time abruptly interrupting for the second time.
“Donald Trump is not even close to being the largest job creator in the first six months of his presidency,” contended Velshi. “There are four recent presidents who do better than him. Why do you continue to say these things?”
Watch a clip above, and see the full conversation here.
This weekend the 2nd annual AFL Europe Champions League took place in Amsterdam, co-hosted with the Amsterdam Devils.
Sportspark de Eendraact accommodated 5 women's and 13 men's teams as they all battled it out to be named the Champion of Europe. With around 38 matches being played over 4 pitches the atmosphere was buzzing from 10am.
WOMENS COMPETITION
The women's competition started with a round robin, having all teams play each other. Both the Swedish Ravens and GB Swans ended up on three wins a piece each with the Odense Lionesses following on two wins, Les Gauloises on a win and a draw and the Wandsworth Demons ended with one draw. The Grand Final was then made up of the top two teams, the Ravens and Swans. After both teams having strong performances all day the Grand Final was highly anticipated. Unfortunately for the Swedish Ravens the GB Swans were too good and ran it out with a 13 point buffer. The final score was GB Swans 26 def. Swedish Ravens 13.
In 5th place in the Women's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague tournament we had the Women's AFL London Premiers, the Wandsworth Demons. Winning the inaugural WAFL London Grand Final last year over the Wimbledon Hawks by 4 goals, the Demons were strong contenders but were unfortunately plagued with the typical player loss due to visa expiries! Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Alex Daley.
In 4th place in the Women's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague tournament we had French national team Les Gauloises. Our French women were coming off a 3rd place finish in our 2015 Euro Cup, and continually becoming stronger and more experienced. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Camille Portal.
In 3rd place in the Women's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague tournament we had the winners of the Women's Nordic AFL League, the Odense Lionesses. With exceptional skill and a substantial amount of players being a part of the runners-up, 2015 Euro Cup, Danish National team, the women gave it a strong effort. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Maria Falkesgaard.
In 2nd place in the Women's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague tournament we had the Sweden national team, the Swedish Ravens. Finishing on top of the ladder after the pool rounds the Ravens headed into the Grand Final with the newly formed GB Swans. Putting up a strong fight the Ravens went down 13-26 against GB. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey and Captain ( the best player of the tournament) went to Ida Rasmark.
In 1st place in the Women's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague tournament we had the newly formed, Great Britain Swans. Made up of women from England and Scotland for this tournament, the ladies ended up second on the ladder in the pool round to secure them a place in the Grand Final against the Swedes. Giving it their all, the Swans ended up taking the gold by 13 points. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Lynsey Torrance.
MENS COMPETITION
With this year being the 2nd annual for the men's competition the level of skill, play and overall dedication was immense compared to 2015. Growing from last years count of ten teams, 13 teams arrived into Amsterdam with the hope of heading home with the silverware. The 4 pools groups were made up of 3 and 4 teams respectively , with only the winners of each pool progressing into the semi finals. All other teams then went into place playoffs to finish with a definite rank.
In 13th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had AFL Russia's Moscow Lazy Koalas. The Koalas unfortunately ended up 4th in their pool which took them into an exhibition match with the West London Wildcats reserve team. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Daniel Demaine.
In 12th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had the Edinburgh Bloods. The Bloods fought hard in the Red Group however, came third to the Hamburg Dockers and Zagreb Hawks in the pool round which took them into the 11th place match against the Odense Lions. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Dylan Brooke.
In 11th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had Odense Lions. The Lions gave the Wildcats a good cat fight in the pool round and came close to the Paris Cockerels but unfortunately finished third in the Orange Group taking them into the 11th place match for them to beat the Edinburgh Bloods by 19 points. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Mikkel Kjøge.
In 10th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had AFL London Premiers, the North London Lions. Beating the West London Wildcats by a solitary point in the 2015 Grand Final the Lions were expected to be big contenders, unfortunately, the Lions were unable to move from third position in what was dubbed the Black Group of Death. They headed into the 9th place match against the Dockers. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Jay Orion.
In 9th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had the Zagreb Dockers. Coming third in the White Group, the Zagreb Dockers headed into the 9th place match against the North London Lions where they were victorious by 7 points. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Tomislav Cvetko.
In 8th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had the Stockolm Australian Football Federation (SAFF) winners, Södermalm Double Blues. Södermalm came second in their pool to the South Dublin Swans but unfortunately went down to the Zagreb Hawks in the 7th place match. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Oscar Löfgren.
In 7th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had the Zagreb Hawks. The Hawks came second to the Hamburg Dockers in their pool to then go on and beat Sodermalm in the 7th place match by 23 points. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Jan Dolezal.
In 6th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had the Paris Cockerels. Finishing in second in their pool below the West London Wildcats the Cockerals narrowly missed out on 5th place against the Devils. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Pierre Bouchet.
In 5th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had the host team, the Amsterdam Devils. The Devils were unlucky in pooling in the “Black Group of Death” coming second to AFLCNE's Manchester Mosquitoes. This took them into the 5th place match against the Paris Cockerels where the won by 18 points. Our Team of the Tournament Guernsey and Captain ( the best player of the tournament) went to Neil Cooke.
In 4th place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had the South Dublin Swans. Finishing on the top of the White Group, the Swans went into the Semi Finals up against the West London Wildcats. Unfortunately they went down to the Wildcats by 69 points and went on to play the Hamburg Dockers in the 3rd place match where the lost by 15 points to take out 4th place. Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Kevin Brennan.
In 3rd place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had the Hamburg Dockers. The Dockers were victorious in the Red Group beating out the Zagreb Hawks and Edinburgh Bloods to finish first in the pool stages. Moving into the semi finals the Dockers played the Manchester Mosquitoes but unfortunately missed out on a place in the final by a mere 4 points. They went onto the 3rd place final where they beat the South Dublin Swans by 15 points. Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Rick Hansome.
In 2nd place in the Men's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague we had the Manchester Mosquitoes. The Mozzies managed to get out of the “Black Group of Death” beating both the North London Lions and Amsterdam Devils to make it into the semi finals. Come Semis the Mozzies beat the Hamburg Dockers by 4 points to make it into the Grand Final where the went down fighting to the West London Wildcats by 30 points. Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Tom Crameri.
2016's AFL Europe #ChampionsLeague went to the reigning winners, the West London Wildcats. The Wildcats showed up with a strong squad ready to defend their title. Ending up in first place in the Orange group by beating the Paris Cockerels and the Odense Lions, the Wildcats went into the semis to face off with the South Dublin Swans. The Wildcats gave a strong performance and went into the Grand Final with a 69 point win under their belts. Coming up against their northern competition, the AFLCNE victors, the Wildcats showed no mercy and took out the title by a comfortable 30 points. Team of the Tournament Guernsey went to Lloyd Williams.
We want to thank the Amsterdam Devil immensely for all their hard work, energy and time, without you guys this event wouldn't have gone off as perfectly as it did! A big thank you to all the teams that came out, gave it their best and played hard. The level of football seen on the weekend was incredible and we couldn't pick the top 8 let alone top 4. We'd also like to thank our volunteers, the umpires and the supporters that made the day wonderful!
Check out our Facebook and Instagram for photos!
Until next year!
Celine Haga choked her opponent out. And still somehow lost the fight.
Haga locked in a rear-naked choke at the end of the third round against Amy Montenegro at Invicta FC 21 on Saturday night in Kansas City. Montenegro went unconscious, but referee Greg Franklin didn't know until the bell sounded when he separated the two.
WOW!! What an end to Amy Montenegro vs Celine Haga on #InvictaFC21 #UFCFIGHTPASS pic.twitter.com/w0SyP2Ipoz — UFC Fight Pass (@UFCFightPass) January 15, 2017
Rather than the fight being called a submission win for Haga, Franklin sent it to the judges. Montenegro ended up winning the bout by unanimous decision (29-28, 29-28, 29-28).
The controversial finish caused Twitter to explode, some blasting Franklin for not noticing that Montenegro was out prior to the buzzer.
If the fighters can't get to their corner under their own power then the fight should be over. Haga put her out. Haga won. #InvictaFC21 — Josh Barnett (@JoshLBarnett) January 15, 2017
These refs are going to let someone DIE here tonight at #InvictaFC21! That girl was OUT COLD, STUCK in a RNC & the ref had NO idea. INSANE! — Aljamain Sterling (@FunkMaster_UFC) January 15, 2017
What the hell ref she was out like 5 sec before the bell @InvictaFights #InvictaFC21 — Ray Borg (@tazmexufc) January 15, 2017
Legendary referee John McCarthy told MMA Fighting on Saturday night that the rule is if the fight finishes with an athlete unconscious in a submission, the result is a submission victory for the athlete applying the submission.
Note: This is a short tutorial I wrote for the students in my Data Journalism class. The focus of the class was on how to build data journalism stories and show them, not how to be a web developer. But I wanted them to know how simple it was to create a basic web page from scratch. Because as your visualizations become more complicated, they may not be easily embeddable in a blog or a tweet.
This lesson will walk you through setting up an Amazon Web Services account so that you can host a website on Amazon's Simple Storage Service (S3 for short).
Table of contents
Why publish webpages from scratch?
Why Amazon? Why S3? No reason in particular, except that unless you already know how to set up your own web hosting, S3 is by far the easiest way to simply post web files. In fact, this entire site, smalldatajournalism.com, sits in one of S3's little “buckets”, where I edit and update it as easily as opening and moving any other file on my laptop.
Here's what www.smalldatajournalism.com looks like in its humble S3 bucket:
So you can use S3 to host your own webfiles. But why web hosting – at all? With Facebook, WordPress, Tumblr, Blogger, etc., it's easy enough to get anything on the web without having to manage another file service. And in fact, those services are probably good enough for most situations. In fact, taking a photo of something you have and just Tweeting it from your phone is technically all you need for millions of people to see it.
With S3, though, we have a place where we can store any kind of file, whether it's HTML for a webpage, images, or data files. More importantly, when making a webpage, there are no restrictions in what HTML code you can publish. This is a factor when trying to embed something complex, like the HTML generated by Google Fusion Table. Some of the easy-to-use blogging services may not be flexible enough to allow that code.
But the bigger picture is: it's easy to publish your own web page from scratch. You may not need that flexibility now. And you may never really need it. But since Amazon makes it dirt cheap and easy to dive into, it's worth trying out.
Create an Amazon/AWS account
The pricing for Amazon's web services is pretty reasonable and is pay-as-you-use, not a fee per month. In fact, it may be free (as of writing, they offered a free year for new users). And if not, you can expect to spend pennies: in this blog post, Alastair Coote describes how a webpage of his went viral, and despite having 100,000 visitors (more than 700,000 file requests), the traffic rush cost him about 32 cents.
(Spoiler alert: You can expect to have significantly fewer than 100,000 visitors for most things you ever make.)
That said, as with most commercial services, you will need a credit card (and a phone) to set up an Amazon account.
Sign in or Create an AWS Account
The Amazon Web Services homepage can be found at aws.amazon.com. If you already have a regular Amazon account (for buying books and such), you will use that to log into AWS and you can skip the initial credit card/verification process.
If you're totally new, select I'm a new user, and you'll be asked to fill out a few basic information fields (name, email address, etc.) and then you'll have to enter credit card information:
After that, Amazon will give you an automated phone call to verify that you exist and can press buttons on your phone:
The next screen asks you to choose a support plan. There's no reason yet to pay for anything so just choose Basic (Free).
Using S3
After the signup process, if Amazon doesn't send you to the AWS Console page, just go back to the AWS homepage at aws.amazon.com and click My Account/Console in the top-right corner and then select AWS Management Console:
You'll immediately be presented with an overwhelming array of web services. But you only need one right now: S3, which is (as of writing), placed near the bottom of the page:
If it's your first time into S3, Amazon will prompt you to Create Bucket:
Buckets of files
What's a bucket? For the most part, you can treat a bucket like a file folder on the Internet, albeit a folder that follows the same naming conventions as most files on the web. Your bucket name also has to be unique. So just to be safe, choose a name made of lowercase alphabet characters and then some numbers. For the Region, you can just leave it at the default value.
For this lesson, I've created a bucket called myownbucket-8675309 in the US Standard Region , and it'll be the only bucket named that in the whole wide Web:
You'll be sent to a screen showing your solitary bucket (and any future buckets) to the left. On the right is a panel for showing details. The details we are primarily concerned with are under the Properties menu, located in the top right tabs:
Not to get into technical details here, but your typical computer file folder is not automatically a website. And neither is your default Amazon S3 bucket. So after you've entered the Properties tab, select Static Website Hosting.
Ignore the technical details for now and click the radio button labeled Enable website hosting. Then fill in the Index Document and Error Document with index.html and 404.html , respectively.
Now save your settings and turn your attention to the left-side panel, where your solitary bucket is listed. Click on the bucket name
Clicking on your bucket should immediately transport you to an empty page that looks vaguely like an empty file listing. This is where you Upload your files.
Uploading your first webpage
As I said earlier, an Amazon S3 bucket is very much like any other computer file folder you've ever dealt with. But if you don't believe me, the very first thing you should do is Create Folder:
Now your bucket isn't technically empty, but let's put some actual files into the folder we just created. Click on that folder to jump into it. And then click the blue Upload button.
A dialog box should open up, and it should look like any other time you've ever uploaded or downloaded files from your browser.
In this example, I've already created an HTML file and fancy graphic. If you don't have such files ready, then do this:
Open a plain text editor (either Notepad or TextEdit – in plain text mode – will do) and copy-paste the following: <html><head></head> <body> <h1>Hello World!!!</h1> <p>I can now make the web</p> </body></html>
Then save the file with an extension of .html . For example, you can name it my-webpage.html
Go back to the Amazon S3 bucket page and upload this HTML file of yours.
What's the address?
You should now see your file in the bucket's file listing. Click on that file and then click the Properties tab again. The properties will now show the details of your new file.
Let's step back a bit. What we've done so far is reserved space on Amazon's servers and then uploaded a file to it. Our file is now online…but we don't know how to get to it (besides logging into AWS and navigating our buckets).
But since we set up our bucket to be a basic web host, all the files in our bucket have their own URLs, i.e., unique web addresses.
(Unfortunately, the URLs for the buckets and the files they contained are not very human readable – read Alastair Coote's blog post for how to associate a bucket with a web domain, if you have your own domain)
So to find what address Amazon has assigned to your file, we go to the Properties tab for the file, and this is where you'll see a Link: field. The displayed link is the URL for your newly uploaded file:
Going public
Click on your file's URL and you'll get this intimidating message:
The message means exactly what it says: Your access to this file is denied. By default, files you store on Amazon are private. And not to delve into technical matters, but when you try to visit that file from your browser (outside of the AWS Console context), for all intents and purposes, you are part of the public masses and you do not get to see the file.
To change this situation, go back to the bucket listing. There are several ways to change S3 file permissions (including making all files publicly readable by default), but the easiest, most immediate way is to right-click on the file.
This brings up a popup menu in which one of the options is Make Public. Select that one. Amazon will then ask you to confirm that decision:
And once you've OK'ed the decision, you can go back to the file Properties and find its URL. Click on it and you'll see your brand-new webpage, made from scratch.
The S3 address
Here's the webpage, complete with amazing visualization, that I've uploaded for the example:
https://s3.amazonaws.com/myownbucket-8675309/my-internet-chart/my-webpage.html
Note: By default, S3 will show you a link with https . You can change that to http and you may need to if your webpage embeds something like a Google Map.
Here's the breakdown of that S3 URL's components if you're interested:
s3.amazonaws.com/ - this is the default S3 host. You can have a custom web host if you've registered your own. Read Alastair Coote's guide for this.
- this is the default S3 host. You can have a custom web host if you've registered your own. Read Alastair Coote's guide for this. myownbucket-8675309/ - this is the name of my bucket
- this is the name of my my-internet-chart/ - this is the name of the folder I created inside my bucket
- this is the name of the folder I created inside my bucket my-webpage.html - and finally, the file name that I saved to my laptop, before uploading it to S3.
Permissions in the future
File privacy is a complex technical situation and you'll find as a newbie that it can be very annoying. For example, if you delete a file and then re-upload it, you'll have to reset its permissions to public.
The amount of pointing-and-clicking involved will be unbearable, at which point you'll just decide to make the bucket publicly readable by default. And that's not as scary as it sounds. Just don't put anything sensitive in that bucket. And if you want another bucket to store things privately – again, buckets are like file folders, and it takes literally seconds to generate all the buckets you need.
Actually, the AWS Console is not meant for extended usage. I almost never use it to maintain my files (I use a Ruby command-line tool, s3_hosting, to upload my websites with ease). But for our purposes, the AWS console is good enough to get just a single file on the Web. As you find the need to make more web files, you'll be able to look up ways to make that aspect of life easier for you.
But forget about the details, you've got a new web home, and you can put what you like on it (within Amazon's terms of services). If you have a blog somewhere else, try linking from it to your new file. Or even just Tweet it to mark your humble beginnings as a web publisher.
Beyond S3 basics
S3 is great because you can do away with a lot of the administrative and technical details – which were quite substantial, enough to your part-time job to figure out and maintain.
This screenshot is from NPR's crazy wonderful Arrested Development guide, hosted on S3
Don't let the “Simple” in S3's name fool you. The simplicity is in its architecture, and simple architecture means fast file serving and easy maintenance. The simple architecture doesn't allow for certain kinds of dynamic functionality, but if you don't know how a database works or how a database server interacts with a web server, this is not something you have to grok just yet. If you have some kind of lurking fear that Amazon's “Simple” web storage will limit your boundless aspirations, check out the NPR News Apps blog, where they discuss in detail how they use S3 to host sturdy, fast, low-maintenance sites that can handle election results and weather visualizations to complex crowd-sourcing. NPR's web work is state-of-the-art; if S3 can handle their talent and creativity, it'll likely be sufficient for you.
In terms of immediate, practical tips, you probably right now want to know, “How do I get an Amazon S3 bucket with a cool websitey name, like www.smallerdatajournalism.com?” That's a question that concerns something else – name registration – but once you've done that, follow Alastair Coote's excellent guide to hooking up your domain name to your S3 bucket.
In terms of adjusting your bucket(s)' security policies in a more convenient way, Amazon has a technical walkthrough here.
And of course, you can always read through the main Amazon S3 reference docs, if you love dense technical material.
ADVERTISEMENT
New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation presidential primary is getting short shrift this year. Rick Perry is pretending it doesn't exist. Other candidates are splitting their time between demandingly hands-on New Hampshirites and the next primary state, South Carolina. Even the Granite State's promised-to-be-fiery weekend debates largely fizzled. "In this race, New Hampshire is serving as off-Broadway for South Carolina," says Byron York at the Washington Examiner. This year's primary is so "devoid of energy," adds Walter Shapiro at The New Republic, that New Hampshire should change its motto to "Live Free or Die of Boredom." But New Hampshire still has plenty of excitement, and Tuesday's voting is critical, just as it is in every presidential cycle. Here, three reasons to pay attention:
1. Romney is set to make history
Part of the reason for the lack of drama is that everybody expects Mitt Romney to win. But that's newsworthy in itself, says Ron Fournier at National Journal. Assuming he does win, Romney would be the first (non-incumbent) Republican presidential aspirant to sweep both Iowa and New Hampshire since Iowa cut to the front of the line in 1972. "The GOP voting coalitions in Iowa and New Hampshire couldn't be more different," and if Romney wins both, "he can accurately claim to be the most viable GOP candidate." Besides, New Hampshire is the first state with real delegates at stake, "and that's what this is all about": Winning the most delegates.
2. Who comes in second place matters — a lot
There may be "little apparent drama over which candidate will win," says Paul Steinhauser at CNN. But there's a "high-stakes race for second," and even third place, and the momentum such a strong showing could give a candidate like Jon Huntsman. Remember, the list of New Hampshire runners-up who went on to win the nomination is long and illustrious, says John Toole in the North Andover, Mass., Eagle-Tribune: Eugene McCarthy; George McGovern in 1972; Walter Mondale in 1984; and "Comeback Kid" Bill Clinton in 1992.
3. And anything can still happen
New Hampshire allows its undeclared or decline-to-state voters to cast ballots in whichever primary they want to, and the large number of independents in the Granite State makes the vote "unpredictable and fascinating to watch," says Carla Marinucci in the San Francisco Chronicle. "There is no more perfect example of why New Hampshire matters than the 2008 Democratic primary," says Noah Rothman at PoliticOlogy. Hillary Clinton beat a surging Barack Obama, despite trailing in the final polls by as much as 13 points. It "was so shocking that few could even believe the exit polls." The lesson for the GOP candidates is that even with hours to go, "anything can happen, and in the era of the 24-hour news cycle, there is still time to change minds in this race."
I've been reviewing the Build keynote from this afternoon and I've stumbled onto something that is a little bit mysterious. During Antoine Leblond's developer address during the keynote (around the 48 minute mark), he used a Surface Pro machine to preview new Visual Studio development tools on power consumption.
At face value, this information isn't particularly shocking. However, when he revealed a demo app's power consumption, Visual Studio claimed that the app would last 9.17 hours (that's 9 hours and 10 minutes) on battery- a feat that the current Surface Pro would definitely not be able to achieve with current estimates.
Though battery estimates have never been an exact science, this number is definitely out of the realm of possibility for the Surface Pro, which can at most last for a paltry 4 hours. The Surface RT, despite stellar battery life, is definitely not equipped to run Visual Studio. This estimate leads me to believe that Microsoft just teased the new Surface Pro with Haswell, right in plain sight.
I'll update this post accordingly should I receive any more information. The video in question is after the break.
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin endorsed Roy Moore on Thursday, giving a boost to the Republican in the Alabama GOP Senate primary runoff.
"Glad he's running and am honored to endorse Judge Roy Moore for the US Senate," Palin said in a statement. "Judge Moore has shown he has what it takes to stand up to the out-of-touch political establishment."
"The Judge has proven he's not afraid of a fight for what is right, and he's ready to take on DC's swamp monsters and make America great again. We need more bold leaders like Judge Moore who will fight for all of us in the US senate," Palin said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Moore was suspended last year as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court after ordering lower court judges to continue enforcing the state's ban on same-sex marriage after it had been overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Moore currently holds an 18-point lead in the state's GOP primary runoff election to fill the seat vacated when Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he hasn't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE joined the Trump administration as attorney general.
The judge has led in polls despite President Trump endorsing his GOP opponent Luther Strange, the incumbent senator who was appointed to the seat after Sessions left. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) is also backing Strange.
Moore also served as chief justice on the Alabama Supreme Court from 2001 to 2003, before he was ousted for refusing to have a statue he commissioned of the Ten Commandments removed from in front of the Alabama Judicial Building, against a federal court order.
December 1, 2018
OblivAeon's End: Sentinels Crossover Info
Sentinels Development Update
The Kickstarter project for Aeon's End Digital has reached 100% and is heading into achieving stretch goals! Thanks to all our backers, especially Sentinels players. Aeon's End is a cooperative deck-building game where you struggle to defend the city of Gravehold from The Nameless and their hordes using unique abilities, powerful spells, and, most importantly of all, your wits. We are excited to be working with designer Kevin Riley from Action Phase Games, as well as Indie Boards and Cards to bring Aeon's End to Steam. Visit the campaign to try the playable demo (recently extended) and see for yourself!Recently we announced thatwill be crossing over into Aeon's End if we can reach her stretch goal. How has NightMist ended up in the world of Aeon's End? Let Christopher Badell tell you the tale..Faye Diamond was not just a paranormal investigator. Sure, it's a decidedly weird job, but things got even weirder while she was infiltrating a witch-cult and ended up cursed by magical mists, making her physical form one of more mists than substance. This also innately connected her to otherworldly magics, and Faye took the name of NightMist, fighting discordian forces from beyond our realm. But that is all ancient history.Much later, she was cleansed of her curse while fighting a dangerous villain with bizarre devices - one such device was meant to regress her powers, but it actually rid her body of the curse of the mists! While this was definitely an improvement for Ms. Diamond, it also cut her connection to the forces of magic, and she was back to just being an investigator, albeit one with a lot of first-hand knowledge. However, when a team of arcanely-powerful villains sought to take control of the world, Faye delved back into her magical ways, researching her tomes and manuscripts, seeking any knowledge that would allow her to stop this dreaded magical onslaught. As she grew more and more desperate, she ultimately gave into temptation and sought help from the most dangerous and unpredictable form of power: the Void itself. Faye Diamond pulled on the magic of the Void, but its pull was far stronger. It drew her into the Void, and there she was trapped for time unknowable, transforming into a being of pure magic to survive the eddies of energy within the Void.The passage of time within the Void is unfathomable by the human mind. Even still, Faye was becoming less and less human with each passing second… day… eon? Who can say? She struggled against her Void-prison, seeking any avenue of exit, and fighting against the powerful denizens of the Void for centuries, subjectively. So, when she felt a weakness in the fabric of the Void, she lept for it, tearing her way into a new reality and leaving what she knew behind.Now, the Void-powered creature who was once Faye Diamond has materialized in a new place called “Gravehold”. Terrible clashes between powerful mages and the monstrous nameless plague this world, but NightMist has never been one to back down from a challenge. Though she misses those she's left behind, she joins the ranks of those who defend this new reality.So how will she play? As before, the following design by Kevin Riley is in the very early stages and is subject to change. NightMist's journey through the Void has left her powers in an even more volatile state than before. In Sentinels of the Multiverse, she leverages the chaos of her transformation to her advantage. In Aeon's End, that will be no different.As in Sentinels, all cards in NightMist's deck will have a special number on them which will likely range from 1-3. In Aeon's End that will be called the Void number. In addition, the supply cards will also have a Void number when NightMist is in the game. Each card in a supply pile will have a different Void number. The higher the number, the bigger its effect. By giving each supply card a different Void number, she will have different decisions based on what she wants to optimize for.Starter: Suffer 1 damage and gain a charge. Reveal a random card in your deck and deal damage equal to its Void number.Ability: Prevent damage you would take this turn and gain life equal to the Void number of a random card in your deck.-- OR --Reveal three random cards in your deck, suffer 1 damage for each card revealed this way, and deal damage equal to their combined Void numbers.In Sentinels, NightMist often reveals the top card of her deck and does an effect based on the number of that card. Given the no-shuffling nature of Aeon's End, revealing the top card of your deck is perhaps not chaotic enough to capture that essence. More testing will be required to hone in on what the best design is.Additionally, her IV breach is a Void breach. When a spell is cast from her Void breach, NightMist suffers 1 damage. That spell deals additional damage equal to its Void number.Note: Everything here is subject to change during play testing. We hope that this design translates enough of what makes NightMist special and memorable in Sentinels of the Multiverse while creating an awesome new way to play Aeon's End on digital! Work is continuing on the remaining mega-expansion for Season 2: Oblivaeon! We plan to get it into beta testing this month and begin previewing it on Handelabra Live soon. You can get a sneak peek of Lifeline on a recent stream with LewdDolphin and AnotherLetdown.Also, we are preparing a significant maintenance update with many bug fixes and a couple new features. Watch out for that soon!
Video and fan-art mash-ups of Team Fortress 2 and Overwatch are starting to appear online.
When Blizzard revealed Overwatch as its brand-new IP at Blizzcon this year, I figured I wasn't the only person who noticed the game's distinct similarity to a certain war-themed hat simulator. The internet has been quick to react, and has already produced a variety of video, and fan-art Team Fortress 2/Overwatch mash-ups.
First up, check out the YouTube video to the right from user RizkitsunΣki, which substitute's the sound from Overwatch's reveal trailer for voice-overs and sound effects from Team Fortress 2. It's almost too much of a coincidence how well the TF2 classes slot into Overwatch's efforts.
Next, for an even more striking comparison, artist Silsol has made these stunning fan-art mash-ups, showing the Medic in Mercy's outfit, and the Scout and Tracer wearing each other's clothes. Check them out below:
While it does have a bit more of a sci-fi twist, these fan comparisons make it quite obvious where Overwatch draws its inspiration from. Blizzard is no strangers to taking a popular game and putting its on unique spin on it, and so far at least (see: World of Warcraft) it seems to have worked out for them.
Let's hope that Overwatch has enough to keep it distinct from Team Fortress 2, otherwise my money is just going to keep being funneled into crate keys.
Sources: YouTube, Tumblr
Podcaster: Alice Enevoldsen aka Alice's AstroInfo
Title: What's Up Tonight, Southern Skies Edition
Organization: Alice's AstroInfo
Link : www.alicesastroinfo.com
Description: Presented as a counterpart to Awesome Astronomy's Northern Hemisphere monthly forecast, Alice talks about what's visible from the Southern Hemisphere. Focused at about 33°S, this forecast should work for anywhere between 25°S and 50°S
Bio: Alice Enevoldsen currently volunteers as one of NASA's Solar System Ambassadors. She has been working in planetariums since 1996, has a B.A. in Astronomy-Geology from Whitman College, and a Masters in Teaching from Seattle University. Her fascination with the stars led her to try her hand at astronomy research in Boston and Walla Walla, where she realized that her calling in life was actually to work in outreach and be a translator for scientists. Now she works hard to share her love of the stars and excitement about astronomy with as many people as possible.
Today's sponsor: This episode of “365 Days of Astronomy” is sponsored by — no one. We still need sponsors for many days in 2014, so please consider sponsoring a day or two. Just click on the “Donate” button on the lower left side of this webpage, or contact us at signup@365daysofastronomy.org.
Transcript:
Hello, I'm Alice Enevoldsen, coming to you not-so-live from Alice's AstroInfo with a ‘cast about what's up in the late July skies … over the Southern Hemisphere.
How are you today?
Oh great! I'm glad to hear that? Or maybe that's too bad, depends on what you just said … I'm sorry it's a little hard to hear you through this machine.
I'm here today as a foil for Ralph and Paul with Awesome Astronomy and their monthly 365 Days of Astronomy podcast about what's up in the skies over the Northern Hemisphere. The gals at Cosmoquest Media decided it was time to include the whole world in the monthly forecasts. So here I am. I'll be basing this podcast around 33-35°S, so it should be good anywhere from about 25°S to 45° or 50°S. Those of you living near the equator will have to combine both podcasts, both mine and Ralph and Paul's to figure out what's in your sky.
Let's get started, with a section I call “Hey, what's that?”
Tonight as you look up after sunset, you'll see the striking pairing of the bright star Spica and the planet Mars in the Northern sky. Not only are the two quite bright, but the color difference is beautiful. If you haven't yet practiced noticing the difference in the colors of the stars, this is a perfect opportunity to spend a few minutes on it. Mars is the yellower/oranger of the pair. Over the rest of the month, Mars will slowly travel away from Spica towards the East, towards the next brightest object in the sky: the planet Saturn.
This brings me to some other Notable Sky Objects in the July sky
So, Saturn is in the Northern sky near to Mars & Spica but a bit to the East, and a bit closer to the Northern horizon than all that is the bright star Arcturus.
I've been talking about the evening sky so far, but shortly before sunrise, you'll notice Orion rising in the northeast, as well as Taurus and the Pleiades. The Pleiades are definitely one of my favorite objects in the sky because they're great with just your eyes, or with more magnification.
Also! They're known by the Māori name Matariki—meaning the ‘eyes of god' or ‘little eyes.' The rising of Matariki in the winter sky signals the time to celebrate the Māori New Year. This time celebrates a number of things, including life, death, harvest, and planting. I'm utterly fascinated by this, because in the Northern Hemisphere the Pleiades are an integral part of this historic Celtic new-year's celebration: Samhain, which in turn has become Halloween and is celebrated three and a half months from now in October. During the traditional Samhain celebration, the Pleiades were opposite the Sun in the sky, so the moment they cross the meridian signifies that the Sun will return, and spring will come again.
Even though the celebrations are in opposite hemispheres in different months, they celebrate many of the same things: life, death, and harvest. The seasons are different – July and the Māori New Year are winter in the Southern Hemisphere, and the Pleiades are rising shortly before sunrise. October and Samhain are late fall in the Northern Hemisphere, and the Pleiades are directly overhead at midnight.
I love celestial links between completely different cultures. I'm not sure how much farther apart you can get than the Celtics and Māori! But, as exciting as this is — now it is time to move onward.
As always, there are plenty of other constellations and objects in the night sky, and a few other Planets deserve at least a little of your attention.
Venus will be quite noticeable as the Morning Star just before sunrise. Mercury is there too, but much harder to spot.
Speaking of hard to spot, Pluto is in the constellation Sagittarius – in fact if you saw the Supermoon last week it was just beside the Moon. Not that you would have seen Pluto, you'd need a dark sky and a great telescope for that, but it is worth mentioning today because in just under a year … about 363 days if my math is correct … on July 14, 2015, NASA's New Horizons spacecraft will make its closest approach, flying by Pluto for the first even vaguely-close views of this contentious dwarf planet.
If you're ready to take out your telescope or do some photography of the night sky, now is a good time to check out Omega Centauri, Eta Carina, the Tarantula Nebula, and the Trifid Nebula. Both Omega Centauri and Eta Carina are visible in good conditions to the naked eye, and using binoculars or a telescope will let you see detail. The Tarantula and Trifid nebulas require a telescope or a camera with a delayed shutter to see.
Lastly, let's just do a quick overview of the upcoming Moon Phases:
The last quarter moon is Jul 19. For the week around the last quarter moon it is visible in the early morning sky.
The day of the new moon, July 26 or 27 (depending on your time zone), you won't see the Moon at all, but a few days before or after you might see a tiny sliver of a crescent Moon in the mid-day sky
The first quarter moon, August 4, is ideal for late afternoon and early evening observation.
The full moon on August 10 or 11 (again, the time zone thing) rises around sunset, and sets around sunrise.
Well! Thanks for tuning in, I hope I gave you some things to keep your eyes peeled for. I'll add some of my favorite stargazing planning links to the end of the transcript for you. If you have suggestions for additions to “What's up tonight, Southern Skies Edition,” please leave them in the comments!
Once again, I'm Alice from Alice's AstroInfo. You can find me online as AlicesAstroInfo on Twitter, Facebook, and www.alicesastroinfo.com. Keep your eyes high!
Thanks very much to a few advisors: Jonas Goodwin at @JonasGoodwin on Twitter, and the staff at Beverly Begg Observatory in Dunedin, New Zealand.
Useful Links:
Heavens-Above Starcharts for anywhere, anytime, not installation required
Stellarium Free planetarium-style program for your computer or tablet
7Timer – Clear sky charts (will it be clear enough for stargazing?). Input your location, then click on “ASTRO” in the pop-up.
Māori New Year and Matariki reference
End of podcast:
365 Days of Astronomy
=====================
The 365 Days of Astronomy Podcast is produced by Astrosphere New Media. Audio post-production by Richard Drumm. Bandwidth donated by libsyn.com and wizzard media. You may reproduce and distribute this audio for non-commercial purposes. Please consider supporting the podcast with a few dollars (or Euros!). Visit us on the web at 365DaysOfAstronomy.org or email us at info@365DaysOfAstronomy.org. In the new year the 365 Days of Astronomy project will be something different than before….Until then…goodbye
HIV diagnoses have reached a 20-year high in Australia and there are fears one in seven people with the virus do not know they have it, putting more people at risk.
Public health experts are calling for a renewed focus on HIV testing and treatment after new data showed 1235 people were diagnosed with the blood-borne virus in Australia last year - a 70 per cent increase on the number documented in 1999 when diagnoses were at their lowest.
HIV infection rate rising: Fears one in seven people carry the virus.
The Annual HIV Surveillance report produced by the University of NSW's Kirby Institute said unprotected sex between men continued to be the main driver, causing about 70 per cent of new diagnoses between 2009 and 2013. About 25 per cent of transmissions is through heterosexual sex and 2 per cent were through injecting drug use.
Of 313 diagnoses believed to be caused by heterosexual sex last year, about half of the people involved were from countries where HIV is more prevalent. On average, about one child each year for the last decade has been born with HIV in Australia, having acquired it from their mother.
In a surprising move, Japanese competitors Panasonic and Sony announced in a press release today that they have signed an agreement to collaborate on the development of OLED (organic light-emitting diode) panels for TVs and other large-size displays. The companies intend to establish mass-production technology during 2013 by integrating their individual strengths to improve the efficiency of development.
This announcement is likely a response to the impending release of a 55-inch OLED TV by LG (seen above at its introduction during the Cannes Film Festival with LG Europe's Stanley Cho, film director Jean-Jacques Annaud, and model Gemma Sanderson), which is now slated for the fourth quarter of this year with a list price of around $10,000 in the US. Samsung also unveiled a 55-inch OLED TV at CES last January, but no release date or pricing have yet been announced. Clearly, the Japanese manufacturers don't want to trail far behind the Koreans in the race to create the next generation of flat-panel TVs.
As you may recall, Sony introduced the world's first OLED TV in 2007, but at $2500 for an 11-inch screen, it didn't take the market by storm. The company's 25-inch professional OLED monitor, introduced last year, comes closer to a practical TV, but its $26,000 price tag is anything but practical for most consumers.
Sony's expertise includes deposition techniques and hybrid technologies that combine deposition and printing, thin-film transistor (TFT) drivers, and flexible organic TFTs. Panasonic will contribute its proprietary printing technology and equipment that lowers the cost of producing large-size OLED panels.
In addition to collaborating on the development and mass production of OLED panels, each company also plans to commercialize its own competitive OLED TVs. Now, there's an interesting ideasimultaneous collaboration and competition. Next year should be very interesting for those of us who are eagerly awaiting OLED TVs to hit the market!
REVENUE Secretary Hasmukh Adhia Thursday said deposits of Rs 2 lakh or more formed a sizeable chunk of the demonetised currency that found their way into bank accounts immediately after the November 8 announcement on withdrawal of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes.
Advertising
WATCH VIDEO | Multiple Deposits Between Rs 2 Lakh-Rs 2.5 Lakh Against Single PAN Number, Says Government
Asked if deposits of less than Rs 2 lakh constituted the majority deposits in accounts, Adhia said: “Na na, woh zyaada nahi hai. Rs 2 lakh se upar wale mein hi main hua hai. (No, that's not big. The bulk of deposits were those above Rs 2 lakh.) And people thought Rs 2.5 lakh tak safe hai, so most of them have done Rs 2.25 lakh (deposits) in 10-15 accounts. We have cases in which 20 accounts are connected to a single PAN.”
Read | Enforcing Rs 15-lakh cap on cash holding difficult; idea still being examined, says Hasmukh Adhia
Advertising
Over two-thirds of the demonetised currency deposited in banks has come in the form of deposits over Rs 2 lakh — totalling around Rs 10.38 lakh crore.
“These are the immediate high-level cases, which apparently appear to be odd. The Operation Clean Money targets them in the first phase,” Adhia said a day after the Budget.
Watch What Else Is making News
Deposits totalling Rs 5.48 lakh crore were made in 1.09 crore accounts. These comprise deposits between Rs 2 lakh and Rs 80 lakh. A total of Rs 4.89 lakh crore, comprising deposits of over Rs 80 lakh, were entered into 1.48 lakh accounts.
The government has also mined a deep data set of multiple deposits of between Rs 2 lakh and Rs 2.5 lakh in dozens of accounts against a single PAN number.
This has made the government's task of nabbing the tax evader relatively easy. While a total of 18 lakh cases of suspect deposits have been identified by the department in the first phase, the Operation Clean Money would continue for the next two years, Adhia said.
“They (18 lakh cases) are all part of Operation Clean Money now. Whatever exercise we do and this is only the first phase, there will be phase two, phase three, phase four. It will go on for two years… so nobody should take it quietly that their turn has not come,” he said.
Many people deposited funds between Rs 2 lakh to less than Rs 2.5 lakh in multiple accounts, thinking these would not be caught. The government had initially said that tax department will not trouble people depositing up to Rs 2.5 lakh into their bank accounts, which is the exemption limit for each individual.
“(Rs 2.5 lakh exemption)… that was for genuine housewives, who may be having some savings… same name, same address mila hai, alag alag bank mein. All that computer can find out. Now, PAN is made compulsory . Everyone must do it before February 28.”
Adhia said the government has not issued any notices in these 18 lakh cases, but has asked the taxpayer to clarify about these on the electronic platform. It is possible that some or many of these could be genuine deposits and these depositors, he said, need not worry.
On Tuesday, the government launched the Swachh Dhan Abhiyan or Operation Clean Money and said it had identified 18 lakh persons who deposited amounts of Rs 5 lakh or more between November 9 and December 30 but whose income profiles did not match the amounts deposited.
Following up their efforts to unearth unaccounted money, tax authorities are also scrutinising these accounts and have asked taxpayers to revert to their queries within 10 days.
“So we are not saying you are are a criminal till they give the answer. They can only say, there may be mistakes also. It may have gone to a wrong person and he can say that I am exempt or he must have got a regularly paid income, there must be some mistake about it. It may not be his amount also, he can come and tell us that he doesn't know who has deposited the money in his account. It may happen, so all these things will happen. But we are not considering them as criminals,” he said.
“That's why we are giving them the first opportunity to reconcile online, without any notice also. It's not even a notice, unlike what news reports said that 18 lakh people to get notice, it's not notice. It's just putting the data on the e-filing website in their e-filing account, put in their password and then see if there's anything there,” he said.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his Budget speech Wednesday, said that deposits between Rs 2 lakh and Rs 80 lakh were made in about 1.09 crore accounts with an average deposit size of Rs 5.03 lakh during the period November 8-December 30. Also, deposits of more than Rs 80 lakh were made in 1.48 lakh accounts with average deposit size of Rs 3.31 crore, he said, adding that this data would help the government “immensely in expanding the tax net as well as increasing the revenues”. This results in a total of Rs 10.38 lakh crore deposits of more than Rs 2 lakh in each account.
Advertising
While the government expects the demonetisation impact on the economy to be transient, this has given the government a warchest of data to widen the tax base significantly. “The main benefit (of demonetisation) which has come in is that money has lost its anonymity. We know exactly who is holding how much cash. It is a different thing that people have tried to fragment their cash into different accounts but we will try to map them on a computer and see what is happening. This will help us immensely,” Adhia said.
The new Batman installment sees potential for a more emotionally available caped crusader
Since his inception, Batman's loner status has been integral to his identity. (This is disregarding his relationship with Robin—who no one, not even Batman himself, has ever taken seriously.) Batman is Bruce Wayne's attempt to rectify his parents' double murder as a child — a traumatic experience that left him incapable of meaningful relationships with anyone, and which fuels his obsession with protecting Gotham City. Aside from his butler Alfred, he trusts no one, not even other superheroes, instead insisting on fighting crime alone.
This lone-wolf aspect to Batman is also central to his appeal for most guys, as it satisfies their twin desires to believe that their achievements are entirely of their own volition and that it's fine to neglect personal relationships in pursuit of those goals. Like them, Batman needs no one.
But in The LEGO Batman Movie, the most recent film portrayal of Batman — currently number-one at the box office after raking in $53 million — Batman becomes whole. He acknowledges the attachment disorder underlying his solo crime-fighting crusade, and (spoiler alert) ditches it to become a family man.
Which is great. I mean, yeah, it's fine. MEL literally stands for Men Embracing Love (at least to me, it does—I just made that up) so we're proud of dudes becoming more emotionally available. Yet while Batman's emotional growth is an undeniably great, refreshing turn, it poses an existential problem for the character and his fans: What good is a superhero once he vanquishes his greatest adversaries — in Batman's case, himself and his own neuroses?
LEGO Batman is hardly the first movie to plumb the psychological depths of the caped crusader. Tim Burton first played around with Bruce Wayne's pathos in his 1989 Batman film, portraying Wayne as a rakish but aloof playboy.
“I just gotta know, are we gonna try to love each other?” gossip reporter Vicki Vale (Kim Basinger) asks Batman (Michael Keaton) after they share a night together.
“I'd like to. But he's out there right now. And I've gotta go to work,” Batman says, referencing the iconic supervillain the Joker (Jack Nicholson). His responsibilities as Batman always take precedent over his happiness as Bruce Wayne.
While Burton's Batman films were cheeky, the first to really peel back the cowl and feel Batman's feels was 2005's Batman Begins, the first in director Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy.
Nolan's Batman, played by Christian Bale, is driven less by a commitment to justice than by guilt over his parents' murder. “Well, a guy who dresses up like a bat clearly has issues,” Wayne says of his secret persona at a dinner party.
His depiction of Batman as a broken man is masterful, if a little on the nose at times. But it's nowhere near as over-the-top as that in Zack Snyder's Batman v. Superman, which takes Nolan's gritty outlook on Batman and dials it up to an insufferable degree.
LEGO Batman pokes fun at all that self-seriousness, pointing out that despite his civil service, Batman (voiced by Will Arnett) is really just a self-obsessed loser who buries himself in his work to distract from how lonely he is. All of this comes to a head after the Joker (Zach Galifianakis) turns himself over to the Gotham Police Department to show Batman that their adversarial bromance is the only thing animating Batman's otherwise boring existence. Without anyone to fight, Batman's life quickly devolves. “I live a very full life,” Batman barks, as he spies on the Joker doing yoga in the prison yard.
The Joker eventually breaks free, bringing with him an all-star team of cinematic bad guys from outside the Batman universe, including King Kong and Sauron from Lord of the Rings. (This is where the film kind of goes off the rails, becoming a jumbled mishmash of pop-culture references, instead of the first half's lean, clever sendup of Batman.)
Still, the overall message redeems the film. Batman realizes he can't defeat the Joker and his cohort alone, so he must learn to collaborate with others — even the Joker himself, with whom Batman connects to save the city. The film ends with Batman embracing Batgirl (Rosario Dawson), Robin (Michael Cera) and Alfred (Ralph Fiennes) as family and pledging to defend Gotham, together.
LEGO Batman doesn't exactly break new narrative ground. The idea that Batman and the Joker are connected—two sides of the same psychological coin—was put forth in Burton's Batman and perfected in Nolan's second Batman film, The Dark Knight. And the sequel, The Dark Knight Rises, explores Batman in a Gotham without crime, depicting Wayne as a doddering old hermit, holed up in Wayne Manor, with no purpose now that his enemies are all locked away. Wayne later brings Batman out of retirement to fight Bane, much to Alfred's chagrin.
But LEGO Batman has a more optimistic definition of “success” than previous Batman films.
When The Dark Knight Rises ends with Bruce Wayne fleeing to Italy with Catwoman, leaving Gotham and Batman behind for good, it posits that emotional health and a romantic partnership necessitate the end of Batman himself. Batman and happiness are diametrically opposed. (Nolan's Batman is kind of like Mad Men's Don Draper in this way — a man who's equal parts narcissistic and self-loathing, and who views personal relationships as distractions from the all-important work of writing ad copy.)
What makes LEGO Batman so refreshing is that it argues Wayne can have a fulfilling emotional life without having to hang up his cape. In fact, being happy at home makes him a more formidable superhero. It might make for a less interesting character, and it's sure to rankle Batman fanboys, especially those who identify with the more somber representations of the character. But it can also serve as a reminder that sacrificing all personal relationships to pursue a goal doesn't necessarily make a person noble. Often, it means they're a coward.
Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) are unique with regard to their diversity, quantity and complexity, particularly in comparison to bovine milk oligosaccharides. HMOs are associated with functional development during early life, mainly related to immunity and intestinal health. Whether HMOs elicit a positive effect on cognitive capabilities of lactating infants remains an open question. This study evaluated the role of the most abundant HMO, 2'-fucosyllactose (2'-FL), in synaptic plasticity and learning capabilities in rodents. Mice and rats were prepared for the chronic recording of field excitatory postsynaptic potentials evoked at the hippocampal CA3-CA1 synapse. Following chronic oral administration of 2'-FL, both species showed improvements in input/output curves and in long-term potentiation (LTP) evoked experimentally in alert behaving animals. This effect on LTP was related to better performance of animals in various types of learning behavioral tests. Mice were tested for spatial learning, working memory and operant conditioning using the IntelliCage system, while rats were submitted to a fixed-ratio schedule in the Skinner box. In both cases, 2'-FL-treated animals performed significantly better than controls. In addition, chronic administration of 2'-FL increased the expression of different molecules involved in the storage of newly acquired memories, such as the postsynaptic density protein 95, phosphorylated calcium/calmodulin-dependent kinase II and brain-derived neurotrophic factor in cortical and subcortical structures. Taken together, the data show that dietary 2'-FL affects cognitive domains and improves learning and memory in rodents.
Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Outside a garba venue in Dhar town.
Several posters prohibiting ‘non-Hindus' from entering garba venues came up in Madhya Pradesh's Dhar town Thursday, the first night of Navratri festival.
Advertising
Police removed the posters hours after they were put up at the entrance of several venues in the town. BJP MLA Usha Thakur had started the campaign to ban Muslim men from attending garba events from Indore, 75 km from Dhar.
Dhar SP Bhagwant Singh Chouhan told The Indian Express that the posters — which stated, “Non-Hindus are not allowed inside garba pandal” — appeared to have been put up by the same group. He said the posters were issued in the name of “garba organising committee, Dhar”, but no individual had taken responsibility for putting them up. No case has been registered so far, he added.
The SP also admitted that organisers had posted volunteers at garba venues to check identity cards of people. Official orders asking for ID cards at garba events were first issued in Ujjain and Indore.
Hindu activists, meanwhile, said several posters were still up at various venues. “All those who believe in Hindu ideology are behind the posters. All of us have heard about ‘love jihad' and what Muslims do at garba venues, so we want to stop their entry,” said Gopal Sharma, an office-bearer of the right-wing organisation Bhoj Utsava Samiti.
Dhar is home to the Bhojshala-Kamal Maula Masjid, which both Hindu and Muslim communities claim as their own. The Archaeological Survey of India has worked out an arrangement to ensure that both communities offer prayers on separate days.
Sharma said that garba organisers are letting in men after applying a tilak on their forehead. “Muslim men will be allowed to watch the dance only when they bring female family members,” he said. He added that no Muslim men turned up for garba on Thursday night after the posters were put up at the venues.
Meanwhile, there was a minor scuffle between police and members of a Hindu organisation in Indore late Thursday night.
Tejram, a resident of Depalpur who was arrested by the NIA in connection with a terror case and is currently out on bail, and two other men were stopped by the police because all three were travelling on one bike.
Advertising
When the police official took away their bike key, they objected and reportedly said that they were out to check if Muslims were being allowed entry into garba events.
Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, second from right, walks down a staircase in the Maryland State House to speak at a news conference following the end of the Maryland legislative session in Annapolis, Md., early Tuesday, April 11, 2017. (Patrick Semansky/AP)
Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan announced Thursday that he plans to veto a paid-sick-leave bill that was approved by the legislature last month, calling it a “deeply flawed” measure that would be “disastrous to our state's economy.”
The action is likely to lead to a showdown between the Republican governor and the Democratic-controlled legislature during the 2018 legislative session, just months before the gubernatorial primary.
The bill passed with enough votes to override a veto, and House Speaker Michael E. Busch (D-Anne Arundel) said an override will be a priority for the General Assembly in January. If a veto override succeeds, Maryland would become the eighth state to require companies to provide the sick-leave benefit.
“It's unfortunate that the Governor would not join the General Assembly in supporting 700,000 Marylanders by signing this legislation,” Busch said in a statement. “Marylanders need the opportunity to earn sick leave so they can support their families and take care of their health while not fearing losing their jobs.”
Hogan said two months ago that the paid-sick-leave bill was “dead on arrival,” but advocates held out hope he would let the bill become law without his signature. On Thursday, he made clear that he wanted to kill it.
A business owner before taking office, Hogan blasted the measure, arguing that it will “turn back the clock on the progress” made by the state's economy. He said he supports paid sick leave but would not allow “this job-killing bill” to take effect.
The legislation would require businesses with 15 or more employees to provide five days of paid sick leave. Hogan's plan would have required companies with 50 or more employers to provide five paid sick days a year and offered tax incentives to smaller businesses that agreed to do so. The governor's bill never moved out of committee.
Hogan also said he plans to sign three executive orders involving the benefit and urged the General Assembly to work with him next session to forge a compromise.
One of the executive orders would create a task force, led by state Labor Secretary Kelly M. Schulz, to study the impact paid sick leave would have on the state's small businesses. The others would provide paid sick leave to state contractual workers in the executive branch and give a preference for state contracts to companies that provide paid sick leave.
Del. Luke H. Clippinger (D-Baltimore), lead sponsor of the bill, said Hogan's executive orders were the actions of a governor who “is just pretending to care” about the hundreds of thousands of workers who would lose paid sick leave under his veto.
He said despite the governor's call for a compromise, he has never received a call from Hogan or his staff in the past three years to discuss the issue. And he criticized the governor for not offering the executive orders during the legislative session.
“Where was this before?” Clippinger asked. “This has not been an issue that has been quietly moving around in the legislature. It truly is too little, too late. He is trying to justify what truly is unjustifiable.”
Two possible Democratic candidates for governor, Baltimore County Executive Kevin Kamenetz and state Sen. Richard S. Madaleno Jr., criticized Hogan for deciding to veto the legislation.
But Mike O'Halloran, the state director of the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB), applauded the move. He said the bill would “inflict dangerous consequences” on private companies.
“The governor has not just kept his promise from March, he has declared to our small business community that his advocacy efforts on their behalf and his dedication to drastically reducing regulations that hinder job growth and economic progress is and will continue to be his primary focus in making Maryland more business friendly,” O'Halloran said in a statement.
Labor advocates, who fought for five years to get the bill through the General Assembly, said they were deeply disappointed.
“Governor Hogan's decision to deny hardworking Marylanders the ability to take time to care for their families is nothing short of heartless,” Liz Richards, the director of the Working Matters Coalition, said in a statement. “Make no mistake — the victims of this decision are Maryland parents and children. Instead of being able to take the time they need to care for their families, these Marylanders will continue to be forced to make decisions like taking off work to visit their sick child in the hospital or paying the rent that month.”
Hogan's announcement came just days before the 30-day clock ran out on taking action on the bill and just hours after he signed 209 bills into law.
The veto is Hogan's third of the 2017 legislative session.
Last month, the governor vetoed a bill that set up an accountability system for rating schools and prohibits the state school board from using vouchers and charters as a way to fix failing schools. The legislature overturned the veto before adjourning. Earlier this month, he vetoed a bill that put a nonpartisan commission in charge of drawing the state's congressional districts if five other states agreed to do the same.
The governor said he plans to announce more vetoes Friday.
The following is a PREVIEW of the upcoming release of Henri IV , a ship provided to me by Wargaming . This is how the ship appeared in the testing period up to and including the publishing date of April 9th, 2017. The statistics and performance discussed here are still being evaluated by Wargaming's developers and do not necessarily represent how the ship will appear when released.
Is this a tier 10 cruiser or a battleship? Like seriously, it's stonkin' huge. I know the joke's already been made with Hindenburg. And, yes, Moskva is simply ginormous, but c'mon.
This preview will follow a different format from my usual articles. Instead of looking at the ship's statistics in detail and theory-crafting the best use of the ship, I am equipping my ship with consumables and modules that are pretty generic and dumping a bunch of ubiquitous skills on a Captain. Then, I take her out blind with little idea of what her actual stats are like.
To this end, I equipped Henri IV with:
Damage Control Party, Defensive Fire, Engine Boost and Repair Party
For modules I used, Main Armament Mod 1, Aiming Systems Mod 1, Main Battery Mod 3, Damage Control Mod 1, Steering Gears Mod 2 and Concealment System Mod 1
I used a 10pt Captain with Priority Target, Adrenaline Rush, Demolition Expert and Concealment Expert.
As I played, I made notes of things I liked and things I didn't like about the ship. These are not substantiated with facts — they are purely anecdotal observations. The idea here is to collect as thorough a look at the ship as I can in a handful of games. Here's what I observed:
Positive Perceptions
She's pretty darned fast which is great.
Her AP can be downright monstrous against cruisers. She stacks citadels in a real hurry which is awesomes but I seem to have to get in closer to do it reliably.
HE hits pretty hard.
Shell ballistics seem okay — their lead times aren't battleship good, though.
Range is nice. Not great, but nice.
Negative Perceptions
What is Singular Value Decomposition? by Tyler Manning-Dahan | April 4, 2017
Recommendation engines are all the rage. From Netflix to Amazon, all of the big guys have been pushing the envelope with research initiatives focused on making better recommendations for users. For years, most research appeared through academic papers or books that neatly organized these papers into their respective techniques (e.g. collaborative filtering, content filtering, etc.) to make them easier to digest. There have actually been very few pure text books on the subject given it is a fairly new research area.
In 2016, Charu Aggarwal published Recommender Systems: The Textbook, a massively detailed walkthrough of recommendation systems from the basics all the way to where research is at today. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in recommendation systems, whether you are doing research or just want to gain some intuition, his explanations are fantastic!
In chapter 3 of his book, Aggarwal discusses model-based collaborative filtering, which includes several methods of modelling the classic user-item matrix to make recommendations. One focus of the chapter is on matrix factorization techniques that have become so popular in recent years. While introducing unconstrained matrix factorization, he remarks the following:
Much of the recommendation literature refers to unconstrained matrix factorization as singular value decomposition (SVD). Strictly speaking, this is technically incorrect; in SVD, the columns of $U$ and $V$ must be orthogonal. However, the use of the term “SVD” to refer to unconstrained matrix factorization is rather widespread in the recommendation literature, which causes some confusion to practitioners from outside the field. Aggarwal - Section 3.6.4 of Recommender Systems (2016)
Before getting into more details about the inconsistency remarked by Aggarwal, let's go over what singular value decomposition (SVD) is and what plain old matrix factorization is.
Matrix factorizations all perform the same task but in different ways. They all take a matrix and break it down into some product of smaller matrices (its factors). It's very similar to how we did factoring in elementary school. We took a big number like $12$ and broke it down into its factors ${(1,12),(2,6),(3,4)}$, where each pair yields the number $12$ when multiplied together. Factorizing matrices is exactly the same but since we are breaking something like a matrix that is inherently more complex, there are many, many ways to perform this break down. Check out Wikipedia for all the different examples.
Visualization of the SVD of a two-dimensional, real shearing matrix M.
How you factor a matrix basically comes down to what constraints you put on the factors (the matrices that when multiplied together form the original). Do you want just $2$ factors? Do you want more? Do you want them to have particular characteristics like orthogonality? Do you want their eigenvectors to have any specific things?
One of the most basic ways to factor a matrix that comes up often in recommendation research is the so called low-rank approximation and it goes like this: If $A$ is an $m$ by $n$ matrix of rank $r$ then it can be expressed as: \begin{equation} A = P Q^T \end{equation} Where matrix $P$ is of size $m$ by $r$ and $Q$ is of size $n$ by $r$. Practically, this is useful when $A$ contains huge amounts of data. The size of matrices $P$ and $Q$ will be much smaller than $A$ because $r << \min \text{{m,n} }$. This allows us to store $m \cdot r$ amount of entries from $P$ and $n\cdot r$ from $Q$, which is much more efficient than storing the entries of $A$ which total $m \cdot n$.
Now, SVD is just another flavour of matrix factorization and it has been around in math for a long time. The theorem states: If $A$ is any matrix of size $m$ by $n$. It can be square or rectangular and it's rank is $r$, then $A$ can be reduced by: \begin{equation} A = U\Sigma V^T \end{equation} Where matrix $U$ is of size $m \times m$, $V$ is of size $n \times n$, and their columns are orthonormal. $\Sigma$ is a diagonal matrix of size $m \times n$, containing diagonal entries, $\sigma_i$, that are singular values of $A$.
That definition is a mouthful and there is a lot we could talk about, including how to diagonalize $A$ and what all the properties really mean spatially, but I will save that for another day. For now, I just want to highlight that this i s THE definition of SVD (check any linear algebra book or Wikipedia) and if someone says they factored a matrix by SVD, you should mentally envision that formula and those constraints.
What's happened in the recommendation system research area is most papers now refer to the more basic factorization as SVD.
One possible place that may have started the confusion was during the Netflix Prize competition that pushed out a ton of research in a short span of time. One researcher that was pushing the SVD algorithm for recommendations was Simon Funk, who had a periodical blog about it.
Popular papers by Arkadiusz Paterek referenced Funk's work and carried the mistake in identity by defining it as:
In the regularized SVD predictions for user $i$ and movie $j$ are made in the following way: \begin{equation} \hat y_{ij} = u^T_i v_j \end{equation} where $u_i$ and $v_j$ are $K$-dimensional vectors of parameters. Paterek - Section 3.2 of Improving regularized singular value decomposition for collaborative filtering (2007)
In the ground-breaking paper by Koren, Bell, and Volinsky that was published in 2009, the authors specify the basic factorization model identically to Paterek (albeit with a slightly different syntax):
[...] $q^T_i p_u$, captures the interaction between user $u$ and item $i$, the user's overall interest in the item's characteristics. This approximates user $u$'s rating of item $i$, which is denoted by ${r_u}_i$, leading to the estimate \begin{equation} \hat {r_u}_i = q^T_i p_u \end{equation}
And follows it up with this explanation:
Such a model is closely related to singular value decomposition (SVD), a well-established technique for identifying latent semantic factors in information retrieval. Applying SVD in the collaborative filtering domain requires factoring the user-item rating matrix.
Already you could see how SVD's identity was changing. Now this is isn't to blame anyone or point fingers. Often researchers use the same terms to define different things, which isn't usually a problem because the context is right in front of you to clear it up.
The problem arises when software developers make libraries out of these great papers and don't necessarily read the fine print. We get something like this SVD algorithm from the Surprise library. (note the creator of Surprise, Nicolas Hug, is a great guy and helped me with some of my work!). Like many others, this one is based on Funk's original take on SVD for recommendations.
Even the Java library for recommendations, librec, implements a regularized SVD according to Paterek's paper.
Compare this now to how SVD is implemented in SciPy, one of Python's math libraries for doing linear algebra. They define it similar to the classic math definition outlined above:
scipy.linalg.svd(a, full_matrices=True, compute_uv=True, overwrite_a=False, check_finite=True, lapack_driver='gesdd')
Singular Value Decomposition. Factorizes the matrix a into two unitary matrices U and Vh, and a 1-D array s of singular values (real, non-negative) such that a == USVh, where S is a suitably shaped matrix of zeros with main diagonal s.
In the end, this comes back to what Aggarwal pointed out. In recommendation systems research, SVD has been defined differently compared to the classic mathematical definition that people may have learned in their Linear Algebra courses.
If you are implementing some kind of recommendations or factorizing matrices, be sure to double-check what SVD you are using so your results are consistent!
NAIROBI, Kenya — For nearly a decade, the United States has been trying to fight the Somali Islamist group known as the Shabab, using everything from its African allies and economic sanctions to American missile strikes and commando raids.
On Tuesday, Pentagon officials announced that they had conducted American airstrikes to go after the leader of the Shabab directly, striking at the heart of a militant group that has allied itself with Al Qaeda and terrorized the region for years.
Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary, said military officials were trying to assess whether the Shabab leader, Ahmed Abdi Godane, had been killed in the strikes, which took place on Monday on an encampment and a vehicle south of Mogadishu, the capital. The attack was carried out by Special Operations forces using both manned and unmanned aircraft, launched, Admiral Kirby said, based on “actionable” intelligence that Mr. Godane was at the encampment.
The American warplanes dropped a number of Hellfire missiles and precision bombs. Defense officials said they believed that both the encampment and the vehicle had been destroyed, and that the militants there had been killed. But they were still trying to determine the fate of Mr. Godane.
Max ParkCerritos, CAAge: 15Born: 11/28/2001 West Covina, CaliforniaUsing a novelty cube that came with a happy meal, Max, just 10 years old, and his mother, Miki Park, started to learn to solve the 3x3 cube as a physical therapy exercise to help Max with his fine motor skills. At the time, Max was unable to twist open a soda bottle or even use a paperclip properly. Despite these difficulties, Max quickly learned how to solve the cube, which prompted his parents to get him a real cube from the local Toys "R" Us store.Max's interest and enthusiasm for cubing grew and grew. One year later, his parents decided to use his newfound interest to help him develop his social and communication skills (which were also deficient along with his fine motor skills). With the parents' goal of wanting Max to learn to wait his turn, to shake people's hands, and to look people in the eyes to acknowledge when he's ready to solve, he signed up for Nisei Week Open 2012. Max finished 23rd with an average time of 20.56 seconds. But, more importantly, he found a new community of people he felt comfortable with being himself: a community of cubers that he could call "friends".Max's first success came at his next competition, Diamond Bar 2012, where he finished 1st in 6x6 and improved his 3x3 average to 16.60 seconds. From that point, he was hooked.He competed steadily for all of 2013 but took most of 2014 off to pursue his interest in mobile app games, 3s and 2048. After reaching his goal of having the fastest speed run for 2048 on Youtube and exhausting his interest, Max returned to cubing in January 2015 where he immediately achieved his personal bests in 3x3 average and single.Max broke the sub 10 barriers, for average, at the Nisei Week Open 2015, the same day he received his first custom lubed cube. And just four months later, Max uploaded his first average of 100 to YouTube with a 9.42. These longer average videos would soon become a staple on his channel.Starting in spring of 2016, Max began setting records. He set the North American Record (NAR) for 4x4 single with a 24 second solve, and has since continued to lead North America and the world in the event. It was in the summer of 2016 that Max partnered up with TheCubicle.us to to help him travel to competitions and supply him with the newest and best cubes tailored to his personal style. At the end of 2016, Max set the 5x5 NAR for single and average as well as the 3x3 one handed world record average.Spring of 2017 saw Max simultaneously set the 4x4 world record average and NAR single in one round. It was around this time that Max partnered with a second sponsor, GAN Cube. Since this time he has used the GAN 356 Air UM Cubicle Edition as his main 3x3. Then, in April of 2017, Max set the world record average on the 3x3, a title that was previously held by the same person for over seven years.Max currently stands as the world's top 3x3 solver, leading the ranks in both one handed and 3x3 speedsolve.Max's cubing achievements are truly the secondary prize to his, and his family's goal of being part of the amazing cubing community and his extended family of fellow cubers.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 29, 2015, 7:39 PM GMT / Updated Nov. 29, 2015, 7:55 PM GMT By Reuters
BERLIN — Hundreds of refugees fought each other on Sunday in a mass brawl at a Berlin shelter and more than 100 police were called in to restore order, in an episode underlining the challenges Germany faces in handling hundreds of thousands of migrants.
Although violent incidents in such centers are frequent, the chaos in the shelter at Berlin's disused Tempelhof airport, which erupted as lunch was being served, was worse than normal.
"There were apparently many hundreds of people involved," a spokesman for the police told Reuters TV. Police made an unspecified number of arrests.
Michael Elias, who is in charge of the shelter, said that 830 people were housed at the facility and that between 20 and 30 started the disruption.
Hey, did you notice yesterday at any point that T-Mobile said it's raising its prices? Well, that's because they never actually said it. They even got us - with all the talk of unlimited video streaming and double data, seemingly almost nobody noticed that the Uncarrier has raised prices on most of its Simple Choice data plans, and substantially if you want unlimited. While current customers won't see a rate increase per T-Mobile's promise of never raising your bill, new individual customers will be paying a fair bit more for data. Here's the breakdown.
$50 1GB plan becomes 2GB, price stays the same.
$60 3GB plan becomes 6GB, price now $65 .
. $70 5GB plan becomes 10GB, price now $80 .
. $80 Unlimited plan doubles to 14GB hotspot data, price now $95.
The price increases are $5, $10, and $15 for the 6GB, 10GB, and unlimited plans, respectively. That isn't to say these are bad prices, because with the doubled data, they still easily spank comparable individual plans from AT&T and Verizon. AT&T wants $75 a month for 5GB of data, while T-Mobile offers 10GB for just $80. Verizon will give you 6GB for $80, and 12GB for $100.
Fortunately, prices for T-Mobile's multi-line family plans will not be raised if you choose a "family match" option (even unlimited) - that is, everyone on your family plan (2 or more lines) must have the same amount of data. If you don't have the same amount of data on each line, you'll be hit with individual subscriber pricing for data on each line.
T-Mobile put up the following image during the Uncarrier presentation yesterday, but there's nothing on the slide about these prices being new or increased - kind of sneaky. But they did put it up, so the information was available. Happily, as T-Mobile probably fully intended, almost everyone covering the event ignored it. The new prices take effect on November 15th and, again, will only affect new customers or [presumably] those who change their data plan.
So, yep, there was a bit of less than fantastic news at yesterday's T-Mobile Uncarrier event; granted, they're still pretty easily the best value in the wireless business in America.
ADVERTISEMENT
Nobody puts Donny in the corner. Or if they do, he sure won't stay there for long.
That's a lesson we're learning again this week, after President Trump was forced by public and private pressure to issue a second statement on the terrorist attack in Charlottesville, expanding on his widely criticized first statement that violence had originated from "many sides." The "many sides" line was clearly ad-libbed, making it more likely the truer representation of Trump's feelings. And Politico later reported that "Trump had a written statement on Saturday that was similar in tone and substance to the one he delivered on Monday, according to a senior White House adviser. But the president veered from those prepared remarks." After all, when a Nazi tries to murder dozens of people and succeeds in killing one woman, one mustn't put blame on just one side.
So Trump made that second statement naming the KKK, white supremacists, and neo-Nazis — though obviously under duress. And we know what happens when he has to do something he doesn't want to. He finds a way to act out at the earliest opportunity.
And boy, did he. Lest anyone think that he meant the statement he read, Trump tweeted, "Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied ... truly bad people!" It was almost an acknowledgement that he didn't mean what he said but only said it to stop the criticism. The Associated Press reported that Trump resisted making the second statement, and "expressed anger to those close to him about what he perceived as the media's unfair assessment of his remarks."
So soon afterward, Trump told Fox News that he was thinking of pardoning Sheriff Joe Arpaio, an authoritarian racist who was convicted of criminal contempt for violating a court order forbidding him from racially profiling Latinos and detaining them on suspicion of being undocumented when they hadn't committed any crime. Then Tuesday morning he took to Twitter, retweeting a cartoon in which a train labeled "Trump" runs over a person with a CNN logo replacing their head. Just the kind of imagery you want to send a clear message right after a woman is killed in a vehicular homicide. That retweet was later taken down, no doubt at the insistence of some cooler heads in the White House — but it had already been spread far and wide.
For good measure, Trump also retweeted an article about murders in Chicago, a nice "What about black crime, huh???" frosting on his cake of hatred. Did that tweet come from one of the figures behind the "Pizzagate" lunacy, in which right-wing conspiracy theorists claimed that Hillary Clinton and John Podesta were running a child molestation ring out of a D.C. pizzeria? Of course it did.
That was all prelude to his press conference Tuesday in the Trump Tower lobby, where he went out of his way not only to attack those who came to counter the white supremacists and neo-Nazis in Charlottesville ("You had a group on one side that was bad and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent. And nobody wants to say that, but I'll say it right now"), but even defended the protesters, arguing that there were just a few bad apples. "You had people in that group who were protesting the taking down of what to them is a very, very important statue," he said, referring to that of Robert E. Lee, who led a treasonous army fighting to defend slavery. "I noticed that Stonewall Jackson is coming down. I wonder, is it George Washington next week and is it Thomas Jefferson the week after? You really do have to ask yourself, where does it stop?"
As vile as it was, Trump's reaction was utterly predictable. We saw it during the campaign, when every time his aides persuaded him to give a prepared speech read off a teleprompter in an attempt to look serious, within a day or two he'd be letting his Trump flag fly in front of one of his crowds of knuckle-dragging fans. Like a toddler who is forced to behave himself in front of the guests and then retaliates at his parents by trashing his room after everyone's gone, Trump inevitably acts out whenever he is compelled to briefly pretend to be a responsible human being.
It was just days ago that pundits were welcoming the hiring of John Kelly to be Trump's chief of staff, saying that Kelly would impose order and bring a new professionalism to the White House. There may be ways in which he does that — in a White House as chaotic as this one, a little military efficiency wouldn't hurt. But whether or not Kelly succeeds as an administrator, one thing he won't be able to do is impose order on the president himself. And if he manages it for a moment or two, Trump will inevitably respond by being even more appalling.
So we should all know by now that Trump will never stop being who he is. He will never change and he will never grow. He will never come to appreciate his obligations to all Americans or the gravity of his office. He will never become more humane, or more thoughtful, or more informed, or more restrained. He will never do the right thing for the right reasons. He is Donald Trump, and to expect him to be anything else is folly.
Pharmaceuticals and personal care products (PPCPs) include antibiotics, antidepressants, contraceptive pills, other medications, antimicrobial products, cosmetics, food supplements, and their metabolites. These chemicals enter the environment from human ingestion and excretion, landfills, direct disposal from hospitals, waste water treatment plants, etc. As up to 90% of a compound can be excreted in its original/ active form,1 human ingestion of pharmaceuticals and excretion can contribute significantly to the level of PPCPs in the environment. The risk that these chemical pollutants pose to the environment and human health has been a major concern for environmental scientists and other researchers.
Most of these PPCPs are transported from terrestrial domain to aqueous mediums which include rivers, lakes, and the ocean. They can be partly degraded in the sewage treatment plant or in the water bodies but are not always completely removed. Some of these undergo photo-transformation by both direct and indirect reactions with UV-light. Some are biodegradable while others undergo physiochemical alterations and ultimate mineralization. The PPCPs that cause the major concern for environmentalist and forensic scientists are those that are persistent (for example estrone and estradiol) and those which are absorbed by plants or accumulate in fish and other aquatic animals.2-3
Research by various scientists demonstrated that PPCPs have an effect on living organisms in the ecosystem. Different organisms have also shown the results of bioaccumulation, depending on the PPCP type and species involved. Owing to the presence of endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) such as synthetic estrogene (e.g. ethinylestradiol) derived from oral contraceptives which ultimately end up in water sources, reproductive failure in fish leading to the eventual collapse of the population has been reported.3 In a national pilot survey of the occurrence of PPCPs in fish in the USA, sertraline (antidepressant) was reported at levels as high as 19ng/g in fillet and 545ng/g in liver of fish in addition to the detection of synthetic musks (galaxolide: 2,100ng/g; and tonalide; 290ng/g) that are used in cosmetic products.4 These findings do not only pose danger to fish health and reproduction but also to humans when consuming these fish, with the potential of some of these chemicals being carcinogenic in the long term. Similar studies, including an investigation of a lake in China also detected EDCs in fish. The depletion of fish populations as a result of sterility and death will cause an imbalance in the ecosystem, owing to the important part they play in the food chain. Fish can also be an integral part of the diet and the only source of income for some communities and the consumption of fish contaminated with PPCPs by other wildlife and humans has long term consequences. In addition, the contamination of rivers with antibiotics and antibacterial products can cause serious disruption to bacterial communities and the process that they drive. This will directly or indirectly affect the life cycle of other co-habiting organisms in the ecosystem, as every organism forms an important part of the food chain.
At the Forensic Science and Chemistry research group in Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge, UK, we have been focusing our research on environmental and analytical toxicology. We have already reported the detection of diclofenac and ibuprofen, both non-steriodal anti-inflammatory drugs, from Eurasian otter (Lutra lutra) hair.2 These drugs are found in the water sources in which the otters live. We have recently reported the detection of various drugs of abuse from wastewater collected from Cambridge, UK5 and are currently focusing our research on the river, drinking, and surface water analysis.
The general public might get the impression that PPCPs have been found in the environment in recent years due to increasing production. However this is not the case. PPCPs might have been in the environment for decades but gone unnoticed due to the lack of sensitive analytical techniques. Liquid-liquid extraction and solid-phase extraction (SPE) are the methods of choice for sample preparation. Solid phase extraction is most frequently used. Identification and quantification of PPCPs is accomplished by the use of gas chromatography– mass spectrometry (GC-MS), liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS), ultra high performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS), and MS in tandem (LC-MS/MS, GC-MS/MS). PPCPs have been detected in surface water, ground water, seawater, and even in drinking water. The concentrations measured in the environment ranges from several ng/L to several mg/L as active ingredients.5
The production of PPCPs is increasing worldwide due to increase in demand and the general improvement in the quality of life of people. This is resulting in the increase in the occurrence of these compounds in the environment. The production of PPCPs is growing and this rise will, no doubt, continue. The world's consumption of PPCPs is increasing and is evidenced by the growth of pharmaceutical industry. The inappropriate disposal of harmful PPCPs coupled with the inefficiencies of waste water treatment plants to totally decontaminate waste water will continue to pose a danger to the environment. The effects of PPCPs in the environment are enormous and if action is not taken, the presence of these compounds will affect eco-dynamics, populations, and the health of wildlife. Human beings are also at risk of exposure because of bioaccumulation of PPCPs in fish and animals as evidenced by the recent horse meat scandal in Europe. The forensic community requires a paradigm shift to include environmental analysis and monitoring of these compounds to prevent serious health and environmental consequences.
References
B. Halling-Sørensen, S. Nors Nielsen, P.F. Lanzky, F. Ingersley, H.C. Holten Lützgoft, and S.E. Jørgensen, Occurrence, fate and effects of pharmaceutical substances in the environment--a review.Chemosphere, 36 (1998), 357-393. N.L. Richards, G. Cook, V. Simpson, S. Hall, N. Harrison, and K.S. Scott, Qualitative detection of the NSAIDs diclofenac and ibuprofen in the hair of Eurasian otters ( Lutra lutra ) occupying UK waterways with GC–MS. European Journal of Wildlife Research, 57 (2011),1107-1114. K.A. Kidd, P. J. Blanchfield, K.H. Mills, V.P. Palace, R.E. Evans, J.M. Lazorchak and R.W. Flick, Collapse of a fish population after exposure to a synthetic estrogen. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 104 (2007). 8897-8901. Available online at: http://www.pnas.org/content/104/21/8897.full , accessed on 28 th September 2013. A.J. Ramirez, R.A. Brain, A.J. S. Usenko, M.A. Mottaleb, J.G. O'Donnell, L.L. Stahl, J.B. Wathen, B.D. Synder, J.L. Pitt, P. Perez-Hurtado, L.L Dobbins, B.W. Brooks and C.K. Chambliss, Occurrence of pharmaceuticals and personal care products in fish: Results of a national pilot study in the United States. Environmental Toxicology and chemistry, 28(2009), 2587-2597. E.M. Mwenesongole, L. Gautam, S.W. Hall, J.S. Waterhouse and M.D. Cole, Simultaneous detection of controlled substances in waste water. Analytical Methods, 5 (2013), 3248-3254.
Dr Lata Gautam holds a B.Sc. (Hons.) and M.Sc. from Tribhuvan University in Nepal and a Ph.D. in Forensic Science from Anglia Ruskin University in the UK. She is currently a Senior Lecturer in Forensic Science at Anglia Ruskin University. Her research interests include Forensic Toxicology and the analysis of drugs from biological matrices.
Dr Sarah Hall holds a B.Sc. (Hons.) in Chemistry and Environmental Science and a Ph. D. in Chemistry. After graduating she worked as a Laboratory Manager and Plant Chemist in the specialist waste treatment/management industry. She is currently a Principle Lecturer in Forensic Science at Anglia Ruskin University. Her research interests include fire debris analysis, environmental analysis, and detection of pharmaceuticals and drugs in the environment.
Moses Banyeh holds a B.Sc. in Biomedical Science from Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, Ghana. He is currently a M.Sc. Forensic Science student at Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge, UK. Prior to his M.Sc., he worked as Biomedical Scientist at Tamale Central Hospital, Ghana.
Professor Mike Cole holds a B.A. (Hons.) in Natural Sciences from the University of Cambridge, UK and a Ph.D. in Natural Product Chemistry from the University of London. He is currently Professor of Forensic Science and Faculty Director of Research, Knowledge Transfer, and Scholarship in the Faculty of Science and Technology at Anglia Ruskin University. His research interests include development of analytical methods for street drugs and methods for drug comparison.
Nevertheless, Bede Sheppard, a senior researcher at HRW, said that there is still a "very small and unpleasant club" made up of four countries - Iran, Saudi Arabia, Yemen and Sudan -which continue to carry out the practice. The United States could be included in that group until as recently as 2005, when the Supreme Court finally outlawed the death penalty for minors.
Since 1994, Yemen's penal code has prohibited executing anyone under 18, while at the same time referring those over the age of 15 to adult courts. This has created a situation where, as Alison Parker, the chief of communications for UNICEF in Yemen, puts it "between the ages of 15 and 17 there is sort of this grey area."
Over the last six years, Yemen has executed 16 people who claimed to have been underage at the time of their alleged crime. The HRW report lists over twenty children across Yemen still on death row and says that prosecutors have called for the death penalty in 186 additional cases.
Nadim al-'Azaazi is another casualty of this loophole-riddled system. On January 26, a Yemeni judge sentenced now eighteen-year-old Nadim to death. After his arrest three years ago on murder charges, Nadim endured weeks of beatings and interrogation at local police stations before being transferred to the central prison in the capital Sana'a, where he currently awaits unlawful execution.
Speaking from the group cell he shares with nearly forty other young men, Nadim describes what happened when the judge received a medical report putting his age at 15 when he allegedly committed murder. "The court didn't reject it, the family of the victim didn't reject it, and the prosecutor didn't reject it. With that, they sentenced me to death."
The problem in Yemen appears to be twofold. One major issue is determining the age of prisoners in a country where the birth registration rate stands at only 22 percent, the other is a dysfunctional judiciary. Experts say that both the age verification process and Yemeni courts are plagued by unprofessionalism, bias, and corruption.
According to the HRW report, age certification is conducted using questionable methods and inadequately trained staff. "Forensic doctors" rely on wrist or arm x-rays to make their determinations, a technique that has a margin of error of up to two years in either direction. In poverty stricken Yemen, the fact that "bone-age assessments may be influenced by factors including socio-economic background and nutrition," further compounds concerns over the accuracy of the tests.
Even when the defendant's age is determined correctly, they face an uphill battle. The victims' families, especially influential ones, are said to pressure prosecutors and judges, who in turn often act with impunity. As Mohammed Al-Awadai, the manager of juvenile administration in Yemen's prison authority, understands it, "In the Yemeni law, the judge has the right to be discretionary."
How to Determine the Strength of Support and Resistance
Support and resistance are critical when trading. When price reaches support or resistance, it will either break through or retrace. The odds of whether price will break through or retrace depends on the strength of the support or resistance. So, knowing the strength of support and resistance will give you a distinct trading advantage.
There are several factors that go into determining the strength of support and resistance:
1) How Many Times the Support or Resistance Line was Touched. Put another way, how many times the support and resistance line was tested and failed. The more times a support/resistance line was touched, the more likely price will retrace (not break through).
2) The First Time the Support or Resistance Line was Touched. It's important to know when the support/resistance was created. Generally, the longer ago it was created, the more weight it has (price is more likely to retrace).
3) The Last Time the Support or Resistance Line was Touched. A wide span from the first time touched to the last time touched could indicate even greater support/resistance, especially if the last time touched was recent.
4) Whether the line is a session high or low, overnight high or low or a previous session high or low. Any such high or low tends to add weight to support and resistance.
Let's use the chart below to illustrate. Click the picture to enlarge it.
This 6E chart from today is running the Dynamic Targets indicator, which tells you all the key information described above. At 8:40:02 PDT a Session Low of 1.0821 was created (pink dashed line), was touched 4 times, the last time being at 9:03:26 PDT. These factors (mainly a Session Low touched 4 times) indicate relatively strong support, and consequently price retraced upward to 1.0844, one tick from the previous resistance line of 1.0845. As you can see, not only does the Dynamic Target indicator tell you the relative strength of support and resistance, the lines become targets as well.
Knowledge of the strength of support and resistance could significantly improve your trading results. It's something you definitely want to add to your trading arsenal.
With Monday's deal for top-tier closer Mark Melancon putting the Giants over the $195 million luxury tax for next season, it seems unlikely that another big splash is on the horizon this offseason.
As general manager Bobby Evans has stated, the Giants would only be interested in adding a hitter on a one-year contract, part of the reason J.D. Martinez of the Tigers has had his name thrown around as a potential trade target throughout the offseason.
McCovey Chronicle's lead writer Grant Brisbee could see the Giants going in another direction, however, telling Ray Woodson on Sportsphone680 that San Francisco might take a look at Chicago White Sox third baseman Todd Frazier.
“I could see that one,” Brisbee said when asked about Frazier. “It would take them feeling comfortable with Eduardo Nunez as a part time left fielder, in a super utility role, sort of like a poor man's Ben Zobrist. But he would fit the paradigm. He's a guy on a one-year deal, so he's not gonna mess with their salary next year. He would just sort of be this one time hit this year. The know they're going over the luxury tax this year anyway. So I could see that.”
Frazier is owed $7.5 million by the White Sox next year, who are currently involved in a fire sale of their top players in exchange for prospects. Frazier, 30, is a power-hitting right-handed bat the Giants could sorely use, finishing fifth in the AL with 40 home runs last season. Frazier was an All-Star in 2014 and 2015 with the Cincinnati Reds.
Listen to the full interview below.
ROB WAUGH
Dailymail.co.uk
Thursday, February 16, 2012
Twitter today admitted it has been harvesting contacts from smartphones without users' permission.
The company said it had copied entire address books, storing the information on its servers as part of the ‘Find Friends' function in its iPhone app.
The Los Angeles times reported that the site stores the information for up to 18 months. It is unclear why the site needs to retain the data for such a long time – or at all.
The social network's confession will further fuel a privacy controversy which has so far engulfed Facebook, Foursquare, Foodspotting, Instagram, Yelp, Gowalla and Path, all of which companies transmit address book data from iPhone apps.
Full story here.
This article was posted: Thursday, February 16, 2012 at 10:50 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
× Text
The Six Supervillains of Nerd Culture
By Caldwell Tanner and Susanna Wolff
The Six Supervillains of Nerd Culture 1. The Bro Image: A standard bro holding two x-box controllers like baterangs. He wears a batman tee-shirt and a hat with a direwolf on it. He also has a pookah shell necklace and looks like a real piece of shit. Quote: “Just saw Avengers for the third time this month, Josh Wheebun is the fucking man, bro!” Power: Loving everything you love, but for exactly the wrong reasons. Crimes: Taking over every Call of Duty midnight release and then making you afraid to go on XBox Live. Weakness: Actually being called a nerd. 2. The Imposter Image: A very pretty-looking girl with lenseless glasses. She is holding a bow and arrow backwards and wearing a star wars shirt. On her belt is an N64 controller. Quote: “I basically spend like all day looking at lolcats on facebook, I'm such a huge nerd!” Power: Generating a large amount of self-esteem by making herself appear less cool. Crimes: Flooding Tumblr with bad memes and keeping Big Bang Theory on the air. Weakness: Playing a videogame other than Mario Kart 3. The Pervert Image: A sweaty neckbeard with leering eyes. He has a yaoi paddle and a creepy body-pillow shield. His shirt has a creepy cthulu with a bunch of tentacles on it. he has a satchel and a utilikilt. His satchel has the word “2 kawaii 4 u” written on it. Quote: “Who needs a girlfriend when you've got ANIMé? Power: Able to ruin any fiction by transforming it into fan-fiction. Crimes: Keeping the hentai industry in business and just generally skeeving you out. Weakness: Actual human interaction/direct eye contact 4. The Youth Image: Three hyperactive children. One wears an Angry Birds hat, one holds a DS and wears an Xbox Live headset, one has a Jar Jar Binks shirt and CARS action figure. Quote: “What do you mean Battleship was a game first? Like...a videogame?” Power: Able to view the world with a naive sense of innocent wonder. Crimes: Enjoying everything you hate, and totally undermining the integrity of any and all franchises you actually do enjoy. Weakness: Forced to view the world with a naive sense of innocent wonder. 5. The Alpha Nerd Image: An angry looking nerd who is basically Owen. He wears a Red Lantern shirt. He has just flipped a table full of magic cards. Quote: “The Hunger Game is just a fucking DUMBED DOWN “BABY'S FIRST DYSTOPIA” VERSION OF THE BATTLE ROYALE AND YOU FUCKING KNOW IT.” Power: Can talk about the things he hates and defend the things he loves for an infinite amount of time. Crimes: Spewing his opinions all over the Internet, making forums and comments sections toxic and uninhabitable. Weakness: Being wrong. 6. The Executive Image: A real bitchy-looking, Ursula-esque older woman in a power suit. She holds a contract in one hand and an ominous, Loki-like pen in the other. Quote: “ORIGIN STORIES FOREVER!!” Power: Can reboot a franchise at will using the power of contractual obligation. Crimes: Holding characters hostage and preventing them from being ever being in a good film. Weakness: Getting below 50% on RottenTomatoes
Jay-Z has expanded his Roc Nation roster as he's signed Rapsody. The North Carolina rapper announced her alignment with Hov during her set at the 2016 Brooklyn Hip-Hop Festival, which is conveniently being streamed by Jay-Z's Tidal service.
"I'm Jamla/Roc Nation," Rapsody said during the livestream. It's unclear at this time in which capacity she has signed to Roc Nation. There's the label division for artists directly signed to Roc Nation, which includes J. Cole, Jay Electronica, and Rihanna. There's also a management division. Some of the artists on that tier are Fabolous, Big Sean, and Meek Mill.
Regardless, this is a huge look for Rapsody, who has been putting in work in the rap game for about a decade, first as a member of Kooley High and later joining 9th Wonder's independent label Jamla. She released her debut album The Idea of Beautiful in 2012 and has kept her pen game sharp with a string of projects that include She Got Game and Beauty and the Beast.
Kendrick Lamar nabbed Rapsody for a standout appearance on "Complexion (A Zulu Love)" off To Pimp a Butterfly, which many consider to be one of the best verses on the critically acclaimed album. At the time, Rapsody spoke with Complex about linking up with Kendrick for the project.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
RAPSODY IS ON ROCNATION. #cray — Kooley High (@KooleyHigh) July 16, 2016
9th Wonder also celebrated the new deal on Instagram, writing, "To new beginnings..... #WelcometoJamRoc."
To new beginnings..... #WelcometoJamRoc @jamlarecords is the squad..... @rocnation is the family....... A photo posted by 9th Wonder (@9thwonder) on Jul 16, 2016 at 12:56pm PDT
Welcome to JamRoc. #Jamla #Rocnation A photo posted by R A P S O D Y (@rapsody) on Jul 16, 2016 at 1:53pm PDT
We reached out to a rep for Roc Nation and will update when available.
DStv fined R10k for showing penis
Cape Town – DStv is in hot water again after the Broadcasting Complaints Commission of South Africa (BCCSA) fined pay TV operator MultiChoice R10 000 for showing a man's penis and full frontal male nudity during a game show rated PG13.
On game show Banzai, broadcast on Sony Max channel 126, viewers had to guess "who has the biggest package" among five young men dressed in small, tight-fitting Speedos of different colours.
The men were poised on stage as a camera zoomed in on each man's Speedo – each contestant was then given a chance to step forward and put their hands in their Speedos. The “winner” then dropped his Speedo and showed physical proof of his massive manhood on the show, rated PG13.
"When the third man steps forward, he does not put his hand in his Speedo, but he pulls it down and exposes his very long penis in a close shot full in the face of the viewer," said the BCCSA in the judgment.
Big impression
"The scene lasts only a few seconds, but the shot is close enough to make a lasting impression on the viewer. Thereafter the third man is declared the winner. One has to conclude that the remaining two men have shorter penises, so the viewer is spared further shots of genitals," said the BCCSA.
"We fortunately have no children, but if we had, what use would PG13 have been?" a complainant wrote to the BCCSA. "I feel it's extremely inappropriate to show scenes like these where most people have access to it."
"MultiChoice concedes that classification of PG13 was not suitable for the episode in question and it was due to an error on the side of the channel provider," MultiChoice told the BCCSA.
"MultiChoice apologised to the complainant for the inconvenience caused."
BBCSA is concerned
In its judgement, the BCCSA found that for South African television, according to the broadcasting code, "the close shot of a full frontal 'in your face' penis was offensive to viewers, even the broadminded, balanced and not oversensitive ones".
MultiChoice had the option to present a written response for mitigation before the BCCSA levelled a fine but the pay TV operator chose not to.
The BCCSA said it is concerned with the "recurrence of contraventions in this regard" by MultiChoice. The BCCSA fined MultiChoice R10 000 for the contravention which DStv has to pay by May 15.
MultiChoice was recently found to be in breach of incorrect age restriction classification, also by the BCCSA, after complaints regarding the screening of mafia themed programming on the National Geographic Channel during the day.
Saint Patrick (5th century CE) is the patron saint of Ireland and one of the most successful Christian missionaries in history. He was a Roman citizen of Britain (known as Patricius) who was captured by pirates at the age of sixteen and sold into slavery in Ireland. He escaped back to Britain, became ordained as a bishop, and returned to the land of his captivity as a missionary in c. 432/433 CE. He is credited with expanding literacy in Ireland through the monastic orders he established, revising and codifying the Brehon Laws, and converting the country to Christianity. He was not the first Christian missionary to Ireland but is the most famous. His influence on the laws and culture of Ireland was enormous as he championed the causes of women, the poor, and slaves while conferring with kings and nobles. His death date is celebrated on 17 March but the year he died, as with his year of birth, is unknown.
Early Life & Captivity
Nothing is known of Patrick's early life save what he mentions in his Confession (Confessio). He writes that he was born in Bannaven of Taberniae but this location has never been positively identified. Scholars have advanced claims for Dumbarton or Ravenglass in Britain, or regions in Brittany, Scotland, and Wales. His father was a magistrate named Calporn and, according to legend, his mother was Conchessa, a niece of the famous St. Martin of Tours (316-397 CE). When he was sixteen years old, Patrick was captured by pirates and sold into slavery in Ireland. Some accounts, such as that of the writer Probus, mention two women who were captured with him, Darerca and Lupida, referred to as his sisters but Patrick himself makes no mention of them and Probus himself doubts they were blood relations. If they existed, Probus claims, they were `sisters' in faith.
In Ireland, Patrick was sold to a local chieftain named Miliue of Antrim (also known as Miliucc) who sent him out to tend the flocks in the nearby Valley of the Braid. For six years he served Miliue, often herding the flocks nearly naked in all kinds of weather. Writer Thomas Cahill describes the conditions:
The life of a shepherd-slave could not have been a happy one. Ripped out of civilization, Patricius had for his only protector a man who did not hold his own life highly, let alone anyone else's. The work of such shepherds was bitterly isolated, months at at time spent alone in the hills. The occasional contacts, which one might normally seek out, could bring their own difficulties...Like many another in impossible circumstances, he began to pray. He had never before paid attention to the teachings of his religion: he tells us that he didn't really believe in God, and he found priests foolish. But now, there was no one to turn to but the God of his parents (101-102).
Patrick's belief in and reliance on God became stronger by the day. He writes how, "The love and fear of God more and more inflamed my heart; my faith enlarged, my spirit augmented, so that I said a hundred prayers by day and almost as many by night. I arose before day in the snow, in the frost, and the rain, yet I received no harm, nor was I affected with slothfulness. For then the spirit of God was warm within me." He continued on in this way until the night he received a message in a dream.
In Ireland St. Patrick Would change the lives and futures of the people he had once walked among as a slave.
A voice spoke to him saying, "Your hungers are rewarded. You are going home. Look, your ship is ready." Patrick immediately set out on foot toward the sea, crossing over 200 miles as a fugitive slave to the coast, most likely Wexford. He tried to book passage on a merchant ship heading to Britain but was refused. He then recounts how he prayed for help and the captain of the ship sent for him to come on board. Three days later they landed on the shores of Britain.
Patrick's Ordination & Return
The spot where Patrick landed in Britain is unclear but he describes disembarking with the Irish sailors onto a land of desolation. It took them two weeks to cross a desert-like landscape during which time Patrick saved them from starvation. When they taunted him about his faith being of little use in finding food or water he encouraged them to pray and trust in God; and shortly a herd of pigs appeared to provide for them. He traveled on with the sailors until they reached a town from which he then went on alone and finally came to his home where he was welcomed back by his parents. Cahill writes, "But Patricius is no longer a carefree Roman teenager. Hardened physically and psychologically by un-sharable experiences, hopelessly behind his peers in education, he cannot settle down" (105). Still, he remained at the home of his parents until another visionary dream moved him to leave.
He dreamed that a man he had known in Ireland named Victor came to him carrying letters:
And there I saw a vision during the night, a man coming from the west; his name was Victorious, and had with him many letters; he gave me one to read, and in the beginning of it was a voice from Ireland. I then thought it to be the voice of the inhabitants of Focluit Wood, adjoining the western sea; they appeared to cry out in one voice, saying, `Come to us, O holy youth, and walk among us.' With this I was feelingly touched, and could read no longer. I then awoke.
Patrick left his family, over their protests, and traveled to Gaul where, after years of study, he was ordained a bishop at Auxerre. He could have remained in Gaul or returned to his family in Britain but Patrick believed he had a mission to the people he had left behind; and so he returned to Ireland. Before leaving, he made confession to another At Auxerre of a sin he carried on his conscience from youth. The nature of this sin is never mentioned but his confessor later brought it to light, requiring Patrick to defend himself and resulting in his famous Confession.
When he arrived in Ireland he was hardly welcomed. He writes how, when he landed (probably at Wicklow) the people were so hostile to him he quickly moved on north. Patrick knew the language of the Irish from his years in captivity and, just as importantly, knew their beliefs. He seems to have been adept at sharing the Christian message in a way he knew the people would best understand and receive. There has been much written about the famous episode in which Patrick explains the Trinity using a shamrock, for instance, and historians, scholars, and theologians have debated whether the event actully happened. Whether that event ever took place is not as important as what the story says about Patrick's method of reaching the people. The concept of the triple deity, a supernatural being represented in three aspects, was well known in Ireland. The ancient goddesses Eriu, Fodla, and Banba, although not written about until the 11th/12th centuries CE, were known through oral tradition for centuries as the three sisters who gave their names to Ireland. They were, in effect, three aspects of the spirit of the land. The goddess Brigid, likewise, was represented as three sisters who embodied the life force through healing, creativity, and productivity. The story of St. Patrick and the shamrock would have reflected how St. Patrick drew upon the spiritual and physical world the Irish knew to explain the gospel in familiar terms.
Patrick's Mission
St. Patrick was not the first missionary to Ireland nor was Ireland a pagan wilderness when he arrived. Palladius was the first Christian missionary to Ireland and the first bishop. There were already Christians in Ireland upon Patrick's arrival and Christian communities were well established. Patrick did not so much bring Christianity to the island as popularize it and, according to legend, he began with a flourish which has become one of the best known tales concerning him.
He arrived in either 432 or 433 CE and announced the coming of Christianity dramatically. The pagan festival of Ostara was to be celebrated and the High King of Tara had decreed that no fires should be lit in the land before the great bonfire on the Hill of Tara initiated the holiday. Patrick and his followers climbed the Hill of Slane, directly across from Tara, and lit their own bonfire. When the king saw the flames, in defiance of his ordinance, he sent soldiers to put it out and arrest whoever was involved. By chanting the poem now known as Saint Patrick's Breastplate (a lorica also known as Faed Fiada or Deer's Cry) Patrick and his followers were able to pass through the soldiers undetected, as though they were a herd of deer.
They came to Tara where Patrick defeated the druids in debate and won the right to preach to the court of the king Laoghaire and his queen and chietains. At this same time the soldiers who had been sent to arrest Patrick appeared, reporting that they could not extinquish Patrick's fire. The story concludes with many of the court converting to Christianity and the king, who refused, respecting Patrick well enough to free him to continue his mission.
The theory suggested by scholar T.F. O'Rahilly that there were two St. Patricks - one Palladius and the other Patrick whose stories were combined - is untenable in that Palladius' mission never generated the kinds of stories and legends which Patrick's did nor does the archaeological evidence support the kind of wide-spread Christian conversion during Palladius' mission that it does follow Patrick's. Palladius came as a representative of the Christian church to convert the pagans; Patrick came as a friend of the people to introduce them to a friend who had helped him when he needed help most. Cahill comments that Patrick "transmuted [the Irish people's] pagan virtues of loyalty, courage, and generosity into the Christian equivalents of faith, hope, and charity. But, though this singular display of virtue would have made friends, it would not necessarily have won converts - at least, not among a people as stubborn as the Irish" (124). St. Patrick succeeded in his mission by touching the people through a deep respect and love for them and a culture he had come to embrace. Cahill writes:
In becoming an Irishman, Patrick wedded his world to theirs, his faith to their life... Patrick found a way of swimming down to the depths of the Irish psyche and warming and transfroming Irish imagination - making it more humane and more noble while keeping it Irish. No longer would baptismal water be the only effective sign of a new life in God. New life was everywhere in rank abundance, and all of God's creation was good (115).
Later Life & Legacy
Patrick would go on to found Christian communities throughout Ireland, most notably the church in Armagh which became the ecclesiastical capital of the churches of Ireland and where Patrick would write his Confession, codify the Brehon Laws, and finally retire. The Celtic Church he founded, like that of the missionary Columba's in Scotland after him, differed in a number of ways from the church of Rome, most notably in its inclusion of women in church hierarchy, the dating of Easter, tonsure of monks, and the liturgy. Scholars are divided on how significant these differences really were and most now reject the claim that the Celtic Church was very different in vision than the Roman Catholic.
However that may be, in his time in Ireland St. Patrick changed the lives and futures of the people he had once walked among as a slave. Whatever successes the earlier missionaries such as Palladius, Ailbe, Declan, Ibar, and Ciaran had won, none advanced the causes of literacy, spirituality, and the dignity of the individual as Patrick did. Historian Murray Pittock cites the 19th/20th century CE scholar Eoin MacNeill's view that the Irish were "descended from a pagan warrior civilization who, when converted to Christianity, transformed Ireland into a unique island of sanctity and learning" which redefined the Celt and Celtic society (76). The monasteries he founded or encouraged became centres of literacy and learning, sprawling universities devoted to knowledge, which would in time serve to collect and preserve the written record of western civilization after the fall of Rome. The Roman Empire had never invaded Ireland and so the land was relatively unaffected by its fall. In the Christian monasteries of Ireland the great written works of the past were copied and preserved for future generations. Through his vision and mission, St. Patrick changed not only Ireland, but the world.
History Edit
Values Edit
According to Mozilla's manifesto,[42] which outlines goals, principles, and a pledge, "The Mozilla project uses a community-based approach to create world-class open source software and to develop new types of collaborative activities". Mozilla's manifesto mentions only its beliefs in regards to the Internet and Internet privacy, and has no mention of any political or social viewpoints. Pledge Edit According to the Mozilla Foundation:[43] The Mozilla Foundation pledges to support the Mozilla Manifesto in its activities. Specifically, we will: Build and enable open-source technologies and communities that support the Manifesto's principles;
Build and deliver great consumer products that support the Manifesto's principles;
Use the Mozilla assets (intellectual property such as copyrights and trademarks, infrastructure, funds, and reputation) to keep the Internet an open platform;
Promote models for creating economic value for the public benefit; and
Promote the Mozilla Manifesto principles in public discourse and within the Internet industry.
Software Edit
Other activities Edit
Community Edit
The Mozilla Community consists of over 40,000 active contributors from across the globe[citation needed]. It includes both paid employees and volunteers who work towards the goals set forth[42] in the Mozilla Manifesto. Many of the sub-communities in Mozilla have formed around localization efforts for Mozilla Firefox, and the Mozilla web properties. Local communities Edit Mozilla spaces, London There are a number of sub-communities that exist based on their geographical locations, where contributors near each other work together on particular activities, such as localization, marketing, PR and user support. In 2017, Mozilla created a Wireless Innovation for Network Security (WINS)[81] challenge that awarded a total of $2 million in prize money to innovators who used its decentralized design to create wireless solutions for post-natural disaster internet access. This challenge also envisioned to connect communities which lacked internet access. Mozilla Reps Edit Mozilla Reps logo The Mozilla Reps program aims to empower and support volunteer Mozillians who want to become official representatives of Mozilla in their region/locale. The program provides a simple framework and a specific set of tools to help Mozillians to organize and/or attend events, recruit and mentor new contributors, document and share activities, and support their local communities better. When joining the program, a Mozilla Rep agrees to take on the following responsibilities: Represent Mozilla in their country/region
Promote the Mozilla Project and its mission
Build on and support existing/future local community efforts and programs
Inspire, recruit and support new contributors
Support and mentor future Mozilla Reps
Document clearly all their activities Conferences and events Edit Mozilla Festival Edit Speakers from the Knight Foundation discuss the future of news at the 2011 Mozilla Festival in London. The Mozilla Festival is an annual event where hundreds of passionate people explore the Web, learn together and make things that can change the world. With the emphasis on making—the mantra of the Festival is "less yack, more hack." Journalists, coders, filmmakers, designers, educators, gamers, makers, youth and anyone else, from all over the world, are encouraged to attend, with attendees from more than 40 countries, working together at the intersection between freedom, the Web, and that years theme. The event revolves around design challenges which address key issues based on the chosen theme for that years festival. In previous years the Mozilla Festival has focused on Learning, and Media, with the 2012 festival being based around making. The titles of the festival revolve around the main theme, freedom (as in freedom of speech not free beer), and the Web. MozCamps Edit MozCamps are the critical part of the Growth Mozilla initiative which aims to grow the Mozilla Community. These camps aim to bring core contributors from around the world together. They are intensive multi-day summits that include keynote speeches by Mozilla leadership, workshops and breakout sessions (led by paid and unpaid staff), and fun social outings. All of these activities combine to reward contributors for their hard work, engage them with new products and initiatives, and align all attendees on Mozilla's mission. Mozilla Summit Edit Mozilla Summit was the global event with active contributors and Mozilla employees to develop a shared understanding of Mozilla's mission together. Over 2,000 people representing 90 countries and 114 languages gathered in Santa Clara, Toronto and Brussels in 2013. Mozilla had its last Summit in 2013 and replaced them with smaller all-hands where both employees and volunteers come together to collaborate.
See also Edit
EPA ignores established research proving dangers of fluoride, wages war against Americans
(NaturalNews) Politics, not science, is what continues to drive the water fluoridation agenda today, and it was always the impetus behind the original passage of corrupt water fluoridation guidelines established by the U.S.(EPA) more than 50 years ago. But many EPA scientists, it turns out, as well as other medical and scientific experts, have bravely come out in opposition to water fluoridation over the years, a move that for many cost them their jobs and careers.Many of those directly responsible for compiling and evaluating safety data on the health effects of fluoride, in fact, observed very early on that the chemical waste product is not at all beneficial for human health. Not only has fluoride never been shown with any sort of scientific rigor to prevent tooth decay in any tangible way, but it has actually been shown to damage teeth, as well as harm vital organs, cognitive ability, glandular function, and bone structure, among other things.Back in 1985 when the EPA proposed doubling the maximum allowable level of fluoride to be added to water, a large number of EPA's own scientists, legal experts, and advisory personnel, not to mention a panel of scientists tasked with evaluating fluoride for the Surgeon General's office, came out in vehement opposition to the proposal. Fluoride, revealed the science, was not safe at the proposed levels, and should be further evaluated -- many actually called for an immediate moratorium on fluoride.But their concerns were ultimately ignored, and the EPA decided to move forward with fluoride against the recommendations of its own scientists, who correctly pointed out that even preexisting levels of fluoride in water put people at risk of both dental and skeletal fluorosis. One outspoken opponent of fluoride , Dr. William Marcus, who was then chief toxicologist for the EPA's Office of Drinking Water, was actually fired for refusing to back down and basically shut up about the dangers of fluoride. ( http://www.fluoridealert.org/content/marcus-interview/ Similarly, Dr. Phyllis Mullenix, who was responsible for establishing the Department of Toxicology at the(FDRI) in Massachusetts, was fired for speaking out about the results of a study she helped coordinate at. When asked about the findings at a conference of the(NIDR), Dr. Mullenix openly admitted that many neurotoxic effects associated with fluoride had been discovered. She was soon fired from FDRI, and has since received no further grants for her research."I got into science because it was fun, and I would like to go back and do further study, but I no longer have any faith in the integrity of the system," she is quoted as saying at the time. "I find research is utterly controlled."As far as the EPA is concerned, the agency continues to ignore and deny research compiled by its own scientists that proves fluoride is a damaging neurotoxin. Using the agency's own risk control methodology, known as the "Reference Dose," EPA scientists discovered several decades ago that the maximum acceptable dose for fluoride is 0.000007 mg/kg of body weight a day. But the average person living in a fluoridated area today ingests about 0.01 mg/kg of body weight of fluoride a day, which is 1,428 times the maximum dose."The implication for the general public of these calculations is clear. Recent, peer-reviewed toxicity data, when applied to EPA's standard method for controlling risks from toxic chemicals, require an immediate halt to the use of the nation's drinking water reservoirs as disposal sites for the toxic waste of the phosphate fertilizer industry," concluded EPA scientists."For governmental and other organizations to continue to push for more exposure in the face of current levels of over-exposure coupled with an increasing crescendo of adverse toxicity findings is irrational and irresponsible at best."
It has long been known to silver market watchers that when it comes to the price of paper silver, there has long been a chronic and extremely concentrated shorting presence at the Comex, one which the CFTC has persistently refused to address even though it consistently surpasses the proposed limits on derivative positions. Now, at long last, a Canadian silver miner, First Majestic Silver Corp., has decided to take the CFTC to task.
In a letter penned by Ted Butler to CFTC Chairman Tim Massad (who recently replaced former Goldmanite and future US Treasury Secretary, Gary Gensler), Keith Neumeyer, CEO of First Majestic, became the first primary silver producer to vocally highlight some of the questionable activity reported weekly in the CFTC's Commitment of Traders report, specifically the "record position change of more than 28,200 net contracts of COMEX silver futures" the equivalent of 141 million ounces of silver and 61 days of world mine production. Incidentally, this was first observed here one week ago.
Neumeyer observes accurately that the "big changes in positions on the COMEX are by speculators and commercials acting as speculators and not by those engaged in bona fide hedging" and comments that "such massive speculation in COMEX silver futures may not be in keeping with the spirit and intent of commodity law and may suggest something is wrong with the price discovery process, since real producers and consumers of silver don't appear to be represented."
Neumeyer concludes that such moves in the futures market "appear from the outside to be manipulated practices by a concentration of players."
Don't hold your breath for a response, however. Recall that less than two years ago, under the aegis of Bart Chilton who is currently a handsomely paid lobbyist at DLA Piper on behalf of the HFT lobby after spending years bashing them while at the CFTC, the commodity regulator closed its "investigation" concerning manipulation in the silver market, without finding anything:
CFTC Closes Investigation Concerning the Silver Markets Washington, DC – The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC or Commission) Division of Enforcement has closed the investigation that was publicly confirmed in September 2008 concerning silver markets. The Division of Enforcement is not recommending charges to the Commission in that investigation. For law enforcement and confidentiality reasons, the CFTC only rarely comments publicly on whether it has opened or closed any particular investigation. Nonetheless, given that this particular investigation was confirmed in September 2008, the CFTC deemed it appropriate to inform the public that the investigation is no longer ongoing. Based upon the law and evidence as they exist at this time, there is not a viable basis to bring an enforcement action with respect to any firm or its employees related to our investigation of silver markets.
Curiously, this investigation took place during a time when the CFTC, as it publicly admitted recently never even looked at spoofing activity in the precious metals markets, which also explains why two days ago, another Indian scapegoat (the third in a row after Navinder Sarao and Nasim Salim), one Himanshu Kalra was busted for spoofing gold and silver in the period between March 1, 2012 and October 31, 2012 - a span of time which was covered by the CFTC's grand silver manipulation which concluded in September 2013, and yet which the CFTC completely failed to notice.
And yes, in a non-banana republic, a regulator so humiliated would be forced to at least reopen its "investigation" and admit that it was wrong and has missed glaring examples of market rigging, but in the US that won't happen.
Which is also why while we salute First Majestic with this first public appeal by a corporation to the CFTC to stop the rigging in the silver market, we have absolute certainty that this too complaint will promptly end up in Mr. Massad trash never to be heard from again.
Many of us managing Facebook fan pages have noticed something strange over the last year: how our reach has gotten increasingly ineffective. How the messages we post seem to get fewer clicks, how each message is seen by only a fraction of our total “fans.”
It's no conspiracy. Facebook acknowledged it as recently as last week: messages now reach, on average, just 15 percent of an account's fans. In a wonderful coincidence, Facebook has rolled out a solution for this problem: Pay them for better access.
As their advertising head, Gokul Rajaram, explained, if you want to speak to the other 80 to 85 percent of people who signed up to hear from you, “sponsoring posts is important.”
In other words, through “Sponsored Stories,” brands, agencies and artists are now charged to reach their own fans—the whole reason for having a page—because those pages have suddenly stopped working.
This is a clear conflict of interest. The worse the platform performs, the more advertisers need to use Sponsored Stories. In a way, it means that Facebook is broken, on purpose, in order to extract more money from users. In the case of Sponsored Stories, it has meant raking in nearly $1M a day.
It doesn't end with Facebook, either. Being broken pays off, so social media is often deliberately broken. In fact, nearly every major social network, site or app has greedily pursued this logic.
Why are there so many fake Twitter accounts—accounts that can be bought in increments of 1,000 for less than $20? Because during their hot growth phases, social networks had to post continuous user growth. They had to show how many accounts were being created. And with billions of dollars at stake, they weren't exactly motivated to eliminate fakes.
Why can't you browse Craigslist listings on Google Maps? Well, for some reason, Craig appears to be personally reluctant to innovate. Which would be fine, except he won't allow anyone else to innovate, either, because it threatens his company's lucrative position as the lazy but dominant listings network. Earlier this year, he went as far as to sue the much-loved service Padmapper for rolling out the kind of features Craigslist should have had years ago, thus keeping housing search broken and all of us dependent on Craig.
Why do blogs publish hoaxes and hit pieces so often? So they can post “corrections” after benefiting from the rush of traffic from the sensational first draft. The upside is traffic, the downside is … more traffic. Take the recent Shell Oil Hoax, which was orchestrated by Greenpeace, and which Gawker Media fell for. Gizmodo, Gawker's sister site, broke the fake story: “Malfunctioning Cake Ruins Party and Spews Liquor All Over Oil Tycoons” for a quick 30,000 pageviews. Later in the day, Gawker got around to debunking the story their sister site had created the market for with a post called “Viral Video of Shell Oil Party Disaster Is Fake, Unfortunately” that earned three times as many viewers.
It reminds me of that episode of The Sarah Silverman Program where she discovers that the same manufacturer makes her potato chips, toilet paper and diarrhea medicine. Her conspiracy was more visceral, but it's the same con that social media has discovered: cause a problem, then market the solution.
When users are not paying for services up front, the publisher must extract a “cost” somewhere. Online, this cost is our attention, our time. We pay for social media with pieces of our lives—whether it's because a blog baits us into reading something or a game tricks us into sticking around long after we should have left—and these bits of life are sold to advertisers, literally, for pennies.
Right now, the purveyors of these tactics are riding high. Like Facebook, they admit that this is the game and say, in effect, what of it? Pay us or leave.
Earlier this year Forbes writer Jeff Bercovici grew frustrated with the popular game app “Words with Friends” and a glitch that allowed users to cheat very easily (guessing words an endless amount of times until the app said they'd found one). Since there is no penalty for being wrong, players can “win” without actually knowing any words—and other users have no idea whether or not their opponent is cheating. Mr. Bercovici contacted Zynga, the maker of the game, to see what they would do about it.
Their reply is typical, proving how casually and openly publishers acknowledge breaking things on purpose.
“I don't think it's a problem to be fixed,” the founder said, despite the complaints. “We always intended it to be that way.” Though they know how to eliminate the loophole, one fact holds them back: it would “[take] away a little bit from the framework that's contributed to the success of the app.”
Thankfully, we know where this short term mindset gets us. Remember Myspace? Remember how clunky the site got, how many pages you needed to load just to login? Myspace pioneered the “broken on purpose” model. As it grew more popular, users clamored for improvements—improvements that the company's engineers discovered were being blocked by Rupert Murdoch and News Corp. Mr. Murdoch had a $1 billion revenue target in mind for the network, and reducing page loads, even frivolous ones, shrank advertising inventory and took the company further from those goals.
Publishers who follow in its footsteps may soon join MySpace in the dustbin of history.
Ryan Holiday is the bestselling author of Trust Me I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator and a PR strategist for brands and writers.
April 16, 2014
It's Time for a Backup to GPS. The recent failure of GLONASS and sightings of Russian navigation jammers in Crimea are cause enough for concern.
By James Hasik
James Hasik is a senior fellow in the Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security.
If you're not a space geek, you probably didn't notice the total failure of the Russian satellite navigation system early this month. And if you're not an electronic warfare geek, you probably didn't notice those Russian satellite navigation jammers driving around Crimea either. Both, though, should be a reminder of just how much industry and the armed forces depend on navigation and timing from space, and what should be done about.The failure two weeks ago of the(GLONASS) was frankly an unprecedented total disruption of a fully operational satellite constellation. At just past midnight Russian time (GMT + 4) on 2 April, every GLONASS space vehicle began broadcasting corrupt data. This rendered the system completely unusable to all receivers worldwide, and the system remained that way for about eleven hours.Given the events in Crimea and elsewhere across Ukraine, there was a little speculation that GLONASS had been hacked. More likely, some junior VKO officer simply uploaded some bad ephemerides—fine adjustments to the satellites' positions on orbit, which are essential so that receivers can accurately fix their own locations on Earth. The sudden failure probably occurred with a routine cut-over of the whole constellation to the new data. And the half-day needed for restoring the system can be attributed to the limitations of GLONASS's control segment; unlike the US GPS, the Russian system has only one upload dish outside the old Soviet Union.While the fellow responsible for this blunder is presumably now watching a radar screen in Siberia, the Russian Federal Space Agency has actually said little about the incident, except to deflate our expectations in two ways.First, the widespread outage caused few real problems, the Russians noted, because few users really depend strongly on GLONASS. As I observed recently , GPS and GLONASS are not so many competitors as complements. My iPhone (like most portable devices today) tracks both GPS and GLONASS, and without those extra satellites, I might have lost lock between some tall buildings. But my requirements are undemanding. The messages of concern flooding into the control center outside Moscow came from professional-grade users such as surveyors, who did miss the extra signals.Second, the Russians reminded us, you shouldn't be depending on us anyway. The communiqué insisted that GLONASS is just asystem—despite having put its first satellite into orbit in October 1982. Even Google does not keep features in beta that long. And that reminds us that while borrowing the Russians' beacons is a fine idea, actually relying on them may not be.The Russians, on the other hand, do realize how much NATO relies on GPS. It should be no surprise that those unbadged Russian troops swarming into Crimea last month brought with them trucks with very recognizable GPS jammers. The new R-330 Zhitel system appears to have enough power to jam even military-grade receivers over a wide area, and a dispersed deployment of them could overwhelm even the most sophisticated electronically-steered antennas. The latest anti-radition missiles carry the software needed for homing on GPS jammers, but jammers can also blink and broadcast on the move.All this is wizard war stuff reminiscent of Bletchley Park , but it begs the practical question of what could have happened had not GLONASS failed, but GPS. In the week after the incident, the trade press featured a great deal of commentary on just how much more backup the world needs behind its profound dependence on the American satellite system. Alongside GLONASS, the European Union and the European Space Agency are deploying their Galileo satellites—which the US Defense Department actively tried to discourage over a decade ago.But even the Pentagon can't kill every good idea. China is today deploying its Beidou (Compass) satellites, and Japan and India are building their own regional systems. The British government has chosen to upgrade its local, ground-based LORAN system, and the Australian company Locata has been touting its own ground-based solution as an essential service. Whatever the preferred basket of solutions, it is becoming clear that military and commercial users cannot be left to depend on GPS alone. Whether intentionally or not, something will eventually go wrong.
So... why am I suddenly uploading so frequently after an eternity of being absent?
...because I'm too lazy and tired to do a full drawing so I keep doing these sketches that take a lot less time to make OTL
I was cleaning my room when I found my copy of Okamiden (one of my all-time favorite games), so I've been playing that all day... and when I got tired of that I drew this.
IF YOU'VE NEVER PLAYED OKAMIDEN THEN PLEASE PLEASE PLEEEASE PICK UP A COPY
IT'S LIKE LEGENDS OF ZELDA EXCEPT WITH AN ADORABLE BABY WOLF AND A FREAKING AWESOME ART STYLE
PLEASE GO BUY IT I'M BEGGING YOU
SO OTHER PEOPLE CAN FANGIRL/BOY OVER THE GAME WITH ME
I'M SO LONELY IN MY LOVE FOR THIS GAME SOMEONE ELSE PLEASE Loves IT TOO
JOIN MEEEEEEE
It took... maybe two hours? IDK it didn't take super long, but I'm really happy with it. I tried to mimic the game's style, so I used a canvas texture and some brushes I've never really played around with.
So at this point, I'm not sure if I'm actually learning to draw faster or if it's just because I'm not doing big pieces right now. Who knows? Well, most of them are stress-relieving drawings anyway.
DAVENPORT, Fla. – Just as the winter weather was hitting its stride back home, the New York Red Bulls have once again retreated to the warmth of sunny Florida with their eyes firmly set on March 6. After a weekend off, the team jetted down to Orlando on Monday in preparation for their final push towards first kick at Red Bull Arena.
TICKETS: Red Bulls Home Opener vs. Toronto FC, Sunday March 6
On Tuesday, the team returned to the fields at the Omni Resort for a double session ahead of the team's first friendly of this second stint down south.
Squad Update
With less than three weeks remaining until the start of the 2016 season, the Red Bulls final roster is beginning to take shape. In the team's first trip to Orlando, the Red Bulls had a bevy trialists and guest players within the squad. This time around, that number has decreased significantly.
The trim is hardly a surprise as head coach Jesse Marsch and his staff are looking to get a closer look at the key contributors for the upcoming season, meaning some names from the previous camp are longer with the team. There is also a necessity to shorten their squad as a result of the roster compliance date, which is quickly approaching.
As previously reported, A.J. Cochrane and Manolo Sanchez will not be re-joining the club. Other players who featured in the first Orlando camp but are no longer with team include trialist Kenny Cooper, academy players Mason Deeds and Noah Powder, and New York Red Bulls II defender Tim Schmoll.
Additionally, defender Damien Perrinelle has not returned to Florida as he continues to rehab from his ACL reconstruction surgery.
Meanwhile, NYRBII forward Stefano Bonomo and goalkeepers Rafael Diaz and Kendall McIntosh have made the second trip to Orlando. Joining them are trialists Cheikh Mbaye, Vincent Bezecourt and Aaron Long, as well as SuperDraft selections Justin Bilyeu and Zach Carroll. The team is also buoyed by the returning national team duo of Luis Robles (USA) and Karl Ouimette (Canada).
“It's important to use these last couple of weeks to really iron out how to round out our roster,” Marsch said. “I'm in a really good position here—and we are as a team—because we have a very deep group; there are a lot of good established players, a lot of good young players. I think the future of this club overall is pretty bright.”
First camp roster – players under contract
GK: Ryan Meara, Kyle Reynish, Luis Robles
DEF: Gideon Baah, Chris Duvall, Connor Lade, Kemar Lawrence, Karl Ouimette, Scott Thomsen, Sal Zizzo, Ronald Zubar
MID: Tyler Adams, Mael Corboz, Sean Davis, Derrick Etienne, Felipe, Mike Grella, Sacha Kljestan, Dax McCarty, Alex Muyl, Lloyd Sam, Chris Thorsheim, Shaun Wright-Phillips
FWD: Anatole Abang, Brandon Allen, Gonzalo Verón, Bradley Wright-Phillips
Orlando Preview
Training for the first time on Tuesday, the team won't have too much time to get re-acclimated to their surroundings before being thrown back into the fire by way of yet another friendly.
The Red Bulls will face off with local MLS side Orlando City SC on Wednesday morning in the first of a series of scrimmages that New York have on their schedule over the next two weeks. Despite dispatching the Montreal Impact rather handily during their first trip to Orlando, the Red Bulls are still looking to push themselves in each matchup, and a meeting with Kaka and co. should prove to be a valuable test for Marsch and his side.
“We handled our game moments in the first leg of preseason really well,” he said after Tuesday morning's training session. “I think that we handled the fitness portion back in New Jersey really well. Now it's important that—in this last push—we continue to iron out details specifically for the first group.”
The goal for the coaching staff is to get a better look at the perspective starting XI for the regular season while giving them extended minutes. The match, however, will be played over three, 45-minute periods, which will give Marsch “a good chance to rotate guys a little bit.”
“We'll put a good team out on the field from the start; we'll get some guys a few more minutes to get them close to 60,” he added. “We'll keep working on our tactical flexibility. We'll look at different formations and hopefully continue to build on the sophistication of how we do things.”
Staff Game
After a productive training session on Tuesday morning, the staff still had some work to do. The likes of Marsch, sporting director Ali Curtis, and assistant coaches Denis Hamlett and Chris Armas took to the field in a friendly, yet competitive, small-sided scrimmage. It was an interesting mix of former MLS players and coaches as well as staffers with considerably less soccer experience that made for a highly enjoyable match to watch from the sidelines (although Kemar Lawrence was less than impressed with the other team's ability to employ rest defense).
One of the highlights of the match came when former Red Bull Stream Team freestyler Victor Bertini outmuscled Marsch to a ball near the corner flag before sending in an inch-perfect cross that Mike Grella would be proud of. The chance was poked home, sending the crowd into frenzy.
“My main goal is just to not get injured,” Marsch said with a chuckle, “everything else takes a backseat to that.
“We have great players on this team, but we also have a great staff. From our equipment guys to our medical guys to the guys behind the camera, I really feel like this is a neat place to be because of the people.”
-- by Mary Bottari and Sara Jerving
The fossil fuel industry has paid a hefty price for the privilege of framing the political discourse about America's energy future. Hundreds of millions have flowed into campaign coffers from energy companies attempting to purchase complete freedom to drill, frack, and burn. Huge "dark money" groups, the Koch's, Karl Rove, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, join dozens of oil and gas industry associations in pouring money into television ad campaigns demanding "energy independence," while trashing wind and solar.
Things were going great. Even though hurricanes had slammed into two Republican National Conventions in a row, no one seemed to notice, and Romney's only mention of climate changes was as a punchline. No reporter asked a single climate change question of Romney or Obama during the debates. Even though the U.S. now had 175,000 wind and solar jobs, pro-green energy forces were disappointed in Obama and were less active. For big oil and gas the White House and the Senate were within reach. Critically, they had to move fast before the majority of voters started to not only notice the changing climate patterns, but really started to worry about them.
Then something happened that completely scrambled the board.
Hurricane Sandy blew New Jersey out of the water and inundated New York. The massive storm threw the Romney campaign completely off-message. Not only did they have nothing to say about the serious issue of climate change and the potential for more frequent and more devastating monster storms, the Romney-Ryan message of "smaller government" and "fewer first responders" sank in the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel.
In an unprecedented, last-minute move, Independent Mayor Michael Bloomberg threw his support behind Obama yesterday. His statement "A Vote for a President to Lead on Climate Change" lays out the seriousness of the situation. "In just 14 months, two hurricanes have forced us to evacuate neighborhoods -- something our city government had never done before. If this is a trend, it is simply not sustainable," Bloomberg states.
It wasn't supposed to be this way.
Polluting High Rollers Dominated the Airwaves
Until Sandy rolled in, the airwaves were completely dominated by the fossil fuel industry.
According to The New York Times, by mid-September there had already been a $153 million spent on TV ads that promoted the fossil fuel industry. The analysis showed that energy topics were mentioned more frequently than any other issue besides jobs and the economy. This figure is four times what clean energy advocates were spending.
The numbers stand in sharp contrast to the last presidential election in which the green energy industry and other forces spent $152 million compared to $109 million spent on fossil fuel interests.
Broadly, the ads promote fossil fuels in the context of jobs, domestic security, and energy prices. Combined, they try to convince Americans that "energy independence" should be the nation's top priority. Yet they neglect to point out that solar and wind also create high-wage jobs and energy independence too. According to Open Secrets, oil and gas campaign contributions are at historic highs and are more lopsided than ever before with 90 percent of the funds going to Republican candidates. Top contributors include William Koch's Oxbow Corp, Chevron, Exxon Mobil, and Koch Industries, who have already contributed $59 million to federal candidates. Leading coal mining corporations, such as Alliance Resource Partners, Cumberland Development, and Murray Energy, have kicked in $11.6 million to federal candidates.
But the money does not stop there. The Citizens United Supreme Court decision has opened the door to unprecedented spending by "dark money" nonprofits, SuperPACs and new constellations of trade associations that are on track to spend over $1 billion to "educate" voters about the issues, including the urgent need to extract and burn every last bit of fossil fuel.
Rarely are voters seeing any counter-narrative. Alternative energy forces have spent only $2 million, and some environmental groups are weighing in with modest resources. New ads by the League of Conservation Voters saying U.S. Senate Candidate Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) will stop the offshoring of U.S. jobs and "will end big oil subsidies" -- with cheerful Wisconsin windmills and pumpkins in the background -- started only in the final days of the campaign. Is it any wonder that candidates have been able to ignore the serious issues?
"To ignore a global crisis that has been fully understood for over 15 years and is quickly slipping out of control shows just how far coal and oil money have drowned out constituents all the way from the Statehouse to the White House," said Greenpeace's Connor Gibson.
What Does the Fossil Fuel Industry Want?
Although environmentalists are not happy with what they perceive as Obama's timidity, the fossil fuel industry is apoplectic about the steps he did take as president. They have leveled blistering criticism about Obama's efforts to slow down the Keystone Pipeline; they don't like his new auto emissions standards; they are unhappy with new EPA mercury emissions rules for boilers; and they don't like the fact that permits for drilling and fracking on federal lands have slowed.
The industry is looking for a victory in the battle over TransCanada's Keystone XL pipeline project, which would carry heavy tar-sands crude oil from Canada to Gulf Coast refineries, exporting some portion of the oil overseas. Construction of the pipeline was confronted by an active movement of citizens concerned about the impact that the pipeline would have on communities and on the threat burning the tar sands posed to the planet. Burning all the available tar sands would be "game over" for the climate, according to NASA scientist Jim Hansen, one of the nation's most respected climate change experts. Romney has vowed to give the project clearance on his first day in office, while Obama has approved a portion of the segment, and has allowed for further environmental impact study of the northern portion.
The industry also wants carte blanche to use federal lands for the highly controversial practice of hydraulic fracturing or "fracking" for shale oil and gas. Fracking has the documented potential to contaminate drinking water sources and foul both air and land -- in addition to spoiling millions of gallons of fresh water as part of the drilling process.
The industry is calling for a streamline on the permitting process for fossil fuel development on all lands. While industry's ads have argued that increased drilling will decrease gas prices, global gas prices largely follow international trends.
The industry is also keen to hold onto to the billions of fossil fuel subsidies it receives each year from the federal government. According to the International Energy Agency, fossil fuel subsidies from the government are 12 times greater than renewable energy.
No matter who wins the presidency, there will be major battles on each of these issues. The question is, after years of fossil fuel propaganda, how engaged will the American public be in the effort to save the planet from the fossil fuel industry?
The Price of Fossil Fuel Propaganda
According to author and activist Bill McKibben, "This will be the warmest year in American history. It came with the warmest month in American history, July. It featured a statistically almost-impossible summer-in-March heat wave. It brought us a drought so deep that food prices have gone up 40 percent around the world. It brought us this completely unprecedented mega-storm, the biggest storm, as one weatherman put it yesterday, to hit New York since its founding in 1624," McKibben told Time.
The problem according to McKibben is that "there's been a 20-year bipartisan effort in Washington to accomplish nothing, and it reached its comedic height this summer when our presidential candidates, despite barnstorming through the warmest summer in American history, seemed not to notice. The reason is the incredible power of the fossil fuel industry. Until we can diminish that power, I imagine nothing very large will be done to deal with climate."
Hurricane Sandy has launched a full frontal attack on fossil fuel industry propaganda.
It is up to us to follow in her path.
Will Dooling contributed to this article.
By Teresa Ambord
Nobody wants to come in second instead of first. But depending on how the pieces of the tax puzzle fit together, second place could be a lot more profitable. Take a look at this recent scenario in which the number two draft choice netted well over a quarter million dollars more than the number one.
With the NFL draft recently completed, the first pick went to the Kansas City Chiefs, who tapped Eric Fisher, offensive tackle from Central Michigan. Being the number one choice comes with an honor reflected in the size of the bonus. Naturally, Fisher's bonus is the biggest. But when the taxman gets through with him, how will his bonus stack up to the number two pick? It's largely a function of geography.
Number One vs. Number Two
Fisher's total compensation is sweetened by a signing bonus of $14,518,544 from the Missouri-based team. If he becomes a Missouri resident, all his income will become subject to a hefty state income tax of 6 percent, plus Kansas City's local tax of 1 percent.
The number two pick was offensive tackle was Luke Joeckel from Texas A&M. He was drafted by Florida's Jacksonville Jaguars. As number two, his signing bonus was lower than Fisher's by a whopping $719,200. Florida, of course, charges no state income tax, so if Joeckel opts to become a Florida resident, he'll pay zero state income tax to Florida. However, he'll still be subject to jock tax on some of the team's road games. Jock tax is determined by the percentage of duty days played in each state that charges the tax, multiplied by a player's salary.
What's the bottom line difference? Robert Raiola, CPA, @SportsTaxMan on Twitter, ran the numbers. Raiola heads the Sports & Entertainment Group for the New Jersey–based accounting firm of Fazio, Mannuzza, Roche, Tankel, LaPilusa, LLC.
Using figures from the following chart provided by Spotrac (a great source of athlete contract information), Raiola estimates that Fisher will pay approximately $1,042,000 in state and local income tax alone on his first-year compensation. After paying a combination of federal, state, and city taxes, he'll be left with roughly $8.1 million.
Then there's Joeckel. To recap, as a Florida resident, he'll pay no state income tax (but will pay jock tax of approximately $99,000). For his first year with the Jaguars, he'll bank approximately $8.4 million, or roughly $284,000 more than Fisher, the number-one pick.
Moving on to the Third Pick
Dion Jordan, offensive tackle from the University of Oregon, was picked up by the Miami Dolphins (after the Oakland Raiders traded away their right to make the third pick). His projected bonus is $13,341,672, which is about $1.8 million less than Fisher's. If Jordan becomes a Florida resident, like Joeckel, he'll owe no state tax on his income but will pay jock tax to some states. Had he been chosen by the Raiders, a California team, his income would be subject to the highest state income tax in the nation. In the end, he's still in a sunny coastal state, but in terms of his overall tax picture, he may have dodged a huge bullet on his year-one compensation.
The differences in taxes paid and net incomes are jaw dropping, especially in light of the ranking. But chances are at this point, not one of these young rookies is shedding too many tears over the comparisons. Here's hoping they learn from the financial fiascoes of their predecessors, in the NFL:
Wealthy athletes going broke are becoming clichÃ©. If their mamas didn't tell them, maybe the bankruptcy judge will. In the end, it's not what you make, it's what you save.
Related article:
Submitted by Simon Black via SovereignMan.com,
When I was a kid, I used to proudly wear around a T-shirt explaining different economic systems using ‘two cows' as a metaphor.
It started off like this:
Socialism: You have two cows. Give one to your neighbor. Then Communism: You have two cows. The government takes both and gives you some milk. And Fascism: You have two cows. The government takes both and shoots you.
I started thinking about this last week when I was in Caracas, because it turns out that Venezuela is a real life example of the two cows metaphor.
It started back in 2001 when the then-President of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez, introduced a law that called for the redistribution of land.
According to their ‘Bolivarian socialism' pipedream, it was immoral for any single person or company to own too much land. So the government started confiscating people's private property.
And any property owner who resisted was imprisoned. It makes for the perfect entry on that T-shirt I used to wear:
Venezuela: You have two cows. The government steals your land and imprisons you.
Needless to say, the law had an enormous impact on the Venezuelan cattle industry.
Cattle obviously require a lot of land; and running a profitable cattle operation often means having thousands of acres or more.
So when the government started seizing people's lands, beef production in Venezuela collapsed. Duh.
They went from being entirely self-sufficient in terms of beef production in 1998, to, within a few years, becoming the second largest beef importer in the world.
Unbelievable.
Of course, now they have an even bigger problem.
Venezuela's currency is in freefall, and foreign reserves are dwindling.
So not only has beef production collapsed, but now the country can no longer afford to import beef either.
Beef imports to Venezuela are down over 80% this year compared with 2014.
And what little beef does enter the country is subject to the government's severe price controls.
This has caused massive shortages and empty grocery store shelves– textbook consequences that any high school economics student could predict.
Prosperity isn't achieved by government price controls, redistribution policies, and bureaucratic regulations.
It's achieved through freedom. By giving people the opportunity to work hard and take risks. And letting the market determine prices and the allocation of resources.
That's supposed to be what capitalism is. In fact, that was the last entry on the T-shirt:
Capitalism: You have two cows. Sell one and buy a bull.
Sadly this is no longer the case.
Certainly the West is in much better shape than Venezuela. But the vast regulatory apparatus being built in the so-called ‘free world' is simply appalling.
Here in the Land of the Free, the federal government alone issues or proposes over 80,000 pages per year of new laws, rules, and regulations.
This means that, right now as you read these words, you are likely in violation of a dozen different regulations that you've never heard of, each of which can carry severe criminal, civil, financial, and administrative penalties.
Children get chased away from running lemonade stands. Teenagers get turned in to Homeland Security for going door-to-door offering to shovel their neighbors' snow.
Businesses must suffer a constant onslaught of new regulations, licenses, permits, and taxes.
Meanwhile the government continues to expand its debts at an astonishing rate, saddling future generations with the obligation to pay a bill they never signed up for.
And the entire financial system is manipulated by an unelected committee of central bankers who fix the price of money (i.e. interest rates) as foolishly as the Venezuelan government fixes beef prices.
This is not the path to prosperity either. In fact, if I were to update the T-shirt for today, I would include these entries:
US government: You have 330 million cows. You milk them down to the last drop, tell them that they're the freest cows in the world, then train them to be afraid of men in caves. Federal Reserve: You have two cows. You give them to the banks for free. The banks slaughter them and eat all the meat. You conjure money out of thin air and buy them two more cows. Wall Street: You don't actually have any cows. But you rake in billions from selling out your own customers and illegally manipulating the price of milk. The government gives you a slap on the wrist. Silicon Valley: You have two cows. They don't produce any milk, and your operation loses $500 million per year. Top VC firms invest in your cows, valuing your company at $25 billion. US small business: You have two cows. You cannot sell the milk without a permit. You cannot drink the raw milk that comes from your own cows. The government fines you $10,000 for failing to file form BS-01519. US big business: You have two cows. You hire the former head of the FDA to be your corporate ‘advisor'. You get a huge government contract. Now you have two million cows.
How about you– any ideas?
Dominic Wade is a relatively untested prospect, but the 25-year-old challenger for Gennady Golovkin's two middleweight world titles says he's not going to be intimidated by the moment or the opponent when he gets into the ring with GGG on April 23 at The Forum in Inglewood, California.
Wade told reporters before yesterday's press conference (watch) that he's not scared of Golovkin, something he later repeated during the presser:
"They making it seem like he's Superman. I don't really think that much. I see flaws in his game. I think he's just basic up and down. But the hype is scaring [people]. I don't think he's quick. All I think he has been his strength. Other than that he's basic and it isn't a style that I haven't seen."
Wade (18-0, 12 KO) won a split decision over former titleholder Sam Soliman last June, and hasn't fought since. That will make a 10-month layoff by the time he faces Golovkin (34-0, 31 KO), who has steamrolled the competition over his career, and has won 21 straight fights by stoppage.
Wade feels that those fighters entered the ring scared of Golovkin's reputation, and never had a chance, something he says won't be a factor for him.
Pokémon Go has become a worldwide phenomenon with over 30 million downloads since its release on July 6, 2016 in selected countries.
The game uses Google Maps data to superimpose characters from the Pokémon series into your geographic surroundings. As you walk, your smartphone uses GPS to track your position in the world, and it will know if you get close to one of these characters. You can then capture the character on your phone screen, train it, and then deploy it in the “augmented reality” battlefield that is Pokémon Go.
Despite the fact that the game is only available in certain places, the craze has drawn in many players from other countries, including Iran, who have used VPNs to download the game.
How has Iran — the country with one of the most restricted Internet environments in the world — reacted to Pokémon Go?
Finding Pokémon in Tehran is not easy
Many Iranian users have commented on the difficulty of finding Pokémon around cities such as Tehran. A Reddit user in Iran asked the Pokémon Go Reddit feed on 10 July if others have been locating creatures in Tehran.
Hi, I have a quick question. I'm in Iran right now and I was wondering if Pokémon Go will work? I'm in the middle of Tehran so it's a big city but I can't find any information if the app even works here. I have 4g mobile data but I haven't seen anything special on the map. Thanks
Respondents to the post theorized that the application is blocked, but others noted that they had occasionally come upon some characters, and even indicated Poke stops in Tehran parks or gardens in the city of Shiraz. One Twitter user reported finding Pokémon by the historic Blue Mosque in the city of Tabriz.
A neighbourhood with Pokémon in #Tabriz…Kabood Mosque.
Another Twitter user in the city of Karaj described feeling happy that Pokémon had given him an excuse to go outside and move.
امشب رفتم پوکمون شکار کردم, بازی باحالیه در کل :)) من که از جام تکون نمیخورم شب ها حداقل به بهانه این میرم یه دوری میزنم :)#PokemonGO — Erfan Besharat (@erbesharat) July 19, 2016
Tonight I went to hunt Pokémon, it's a very amusing game :)) at least I now have excuse to move since I barely do
A female Twitter user in Tehran jokingly complained that life has become difficult now that she has to hunt for Pokémon while being on the lookout for the country's morality police, who arrest and fine women for improper hejab.
خیلی سخته تو خیابون همزمان هم حواسم به پوکمون شکار کردن باشه هم مواظب باشم گشت ارشاد شکارم نکنه. سخت شده زندگی :)) — Narges (@nargesd) July 19, 2016
It's quite difficult to be in the streets and be focused on both hunting Pokémon and on the lookout that gasht ershad don't hunt me. Life has become hard :))
Notable Iranian game developer Mohammad Mehdi Behfarrad offered some deeper analysis on the appeal of the game, theorizing that it might not have broad appeal in Iran for a number of reasons, including the nation's unfamiliarity with the Pokémon series that has been around since 1995.
نکته اصلی درباره بازی پوکمون داستان اصلی پوکون است که از فضا و ویژگی‌های داستانی آن به بهترین شکل در طراحی بازی استفاده شده است. به تعبیر دیگر داستان واقعی شکل‌گیری پوکمون در قالب تکنولوژی AR تبدیل به یک بازی سرگرم‌کننده شده است که طبیعتا برای مخاطبان هم جذاب است. آدم‌ها اساسا به دنبال تجربه‌های تازه هستند و طبیعتا در کنار هم قرار گرفتن این ظرفیت‌ها توسط کمپانی معتبری همچون نینتندو تبدیل به یک اتفاق می‌شود…از آنجا که داستان اصلی پوکمون خیلی در ایران شناخته شده نیست،‌ شاید سرعت برقراری ارتباط مخاطب ایرانی با این بازی مانند نمونه‌های دیگری مانند.
The main point about the Pokémon is the story and the best usage of the features of the story in the AR [augmented reality] structure of the game. On the other hand the conversion of the story into this new entertaining technology is what attracts the masses. People are looking to new experiences and naturally when this comes together with a reputable company like Nintendo in this capacity it turns into an event…From knowing that the main Pokémon story is not very known in Iran, it may not have the same speed in connecting with the Iranian players.
Will Pokémon meet authorities' demands?
Authorities have also commented on the game. Hasan Karimi Ghodosi, the director of the National Foundation for Computer Games (NFCG), said that he has been in talks with the game's developers. In the past, the NFCG has issued bans on games such as “1979 Revolution” a game depicting struggles of resistors of the 1979 Islamic Revolution, as well as “Battlefield 3” a game that involved a US military invasion of Tehran.
Ghodosi explained to Mehr News Agency (an organisation owned by the Islamic Dissemination Organisation) on July 17 that the status of the game in Iran would depend on the game developer's cooperation with authorities.
درباره بازی پوکمون ما یک مکاتبه ایمیلی با سازندگان این بازی داشته‌ایم با این مضمون که اگر قرار است این بازی در ایران توزیع و عرضه شود حتماً باید از فیلتر بنیاد ملی بازی‌های رایانه‌ای بگذرد و هماهنگی‌های لازم در این زمینه صورت گرفته باشد و در غیر این صورت ناگزیر از فیلتر و جلوگیری از عرضه بازی هستیم.
We had a communication through email with the developers of Pokémon Go and with the issue that if the game wants to come to the Iranian market it has to pass through the filtering of the National Foundation of Computer Games along with their cooperation, otherwise we have to filter and block this game in our market.
He further explained that the NFCG already had two conditions for the developer's of the game, which they had not communicated to them yet. These include keeping the game's data servers inside of Iran, as well as cooperating with the government to prohibit the game from targeting locations that could be of national security concerns.
The request to host servers inside the country might be seen as an extension of the demand from this past May by the Supreme Council of Cyberspace to all foreign messaging companies that they have a year to move the data they hold on Iranians onto servers inside the country or face censorship.
برای عرضه این بازی دو شرط را مدنظر داریم که البته هنوز به صورت رسمی به سازندگان بازی اعلام نشده؛ یکی اینکه باتوجه به حجم اطلاعات ثبت شده کاربران در فضای این بازی، سرور اصلی آن حتماً باید در ایران باشد و دوم اینکه نقاط تفریحی و مقاصد هدف‌گذاری شده در سراسر کشور برای تگ شدن در این بازی هم باید با هماهنگی و همکاری بنیاد مشخص شود. نباید نقاطی برای کاربر معین شود که از لحاظ موازین و قوانین کشور منعی برای حضور کاربر در آنجا وجود داشته باشد. مانند مراکز نظامی و امنیتی.
اگر سازندگان این بازی به دنبال ورود رسمی به ایران هستند باید این موارد را مدنظر داشته باشند اما با توجه به نامه‌نگاری‌ای که داشتیم آنچه از واکنش آن‌ها برمی‌آمد به صورتی بود که احساس نمی‌کنیم در شرایط فعلی برنامه‌ای برای ورود به ایران داشته باشند. بازار بازی‌های رایانه‌ای ایران همچنان برای بازِی‌سازان و شرکت‌های جهانی یک بازار پیچیده و ناشناخته است و به همین دلیل کمتر به دنبال ورود به آن هستند، به خصوص که درباره این بازی در همین محدوده فعلی بازار عرضه هم سازندگانش سود سرشاری را عاید خود کرده‌اند.
To supply this game in the country, we have two conditions that are not formally announced to the original game makers. Firstly, with attention to the information users register within the game, the original server has to be located in Iran and second all the targetted locations in the game for tagging around the country has to be coordinated and cooperated with the National Foundation of Computer Games. There should not be locations that users are prohibited to be in, like the military or national security locations. If the game makers want to officially enter the Iranian market they have to comply with our rules but from their correspondence we see that they don't have any plans to enter the Iranian market. Iran's gaming market is a complicated market for developers and global companies and for this reason they are not looking into entering our market.
The director of the NFCG himself recognized that Pokémon Go's developer's were unlikely to cooperate with their demands, and would continue to operate as they have been inside of Iran for the past few weeks, with downloads through VPNs, which are ubiquitous in Iran.
Much of the Resilient 3D budget has been financed based on selling international distribution, tax credits and personal equity, but writer/producer/director Michael Taverna and his team of co-producers are turning to Kickstarter to raise the funds needed to realize the more than 170 VFX, holographics and CGI to render the journey from Earth to Mars to Europa.
“The story is ultimately about overcoming the loss of someone or something that was dearly beloved,” Beltran told StarTrek.com. “Dermot experiences this and yet must rise to a seemingly impossible challenge set before him. It is about the ‘resilience' required to survive impossible odds. It is not only the personal challenge set before Dermot, but all of humanity.”
Beltran went on to elaborate about his character. “Living mostly in his mind and intellect, he perhaps has neglected his wife (Zurer),” the actor says. “When he loses the great love of his life, he strives to find a reason to go on. During his struggle, he develops a deeper understanding of the nature of love, and this frees him to confront the task set before him with renewed inspiration.”
The Kickstarter campaign is underway now. Contributors can, depending on their level of participation, receive a wide array of perks ranging from posters and lunch with Beltran to set visits and one's choice of production models. Visit Kickstarter.com to donate.
Beltran noted that he's pleased that the millions of people who love sci-fi will have the opportunity to get directly involved in making what he believes will be an “extraordinary” film. “I think it is beautiful that fans can be a part of this by contributing to the Kickstarter campaign,” Beltran says. “I have been the recipient of great support by Star Trek fans all over the world. Knowing the great generosity of Trekkers and sci-fi fans in general, I can say that it is great to dive into a new sci-fi project that will allow me to interact with those fans once again. Especially in anticipation of how proud and pleased they will be to have helped this great project come to fruition.”
Keep an eye on StarTrek.com for additional news about Resilient 3D. And be sure to visit the film's Kickstarter page and the official Facebook Page.
1. Your ex. (Yes, really, once more with feeling.) Your ex.
2. Whether someone thinks that the literature, music, art, film, or any other kind of entertainment you enjoy isn't cool.
3. When someone looks at the food you're eating and comments on how it isn't good for you. (THAT IS WHY I ORDERED CHILI FRIES BITCH PASS ME THE RANCH DRESSING)
4. What the people you don't like post on their Facebook status (why are you even still friends with them?).
5. Getting/maintaining a tan.
6. Which celebrity's breasts are exposed this week.
7. Which celebrity is cheating on which other celebrity.
8. The opinions of people who a) will never like you and b) have absolutely no bearing on your life.
9. Whether or not you look as good as some random, well-dressed stranger on the subway.
10. Who is making more money than you, or how much exactly you think that they are making.
11. The fact that you are perceived as not as sexually appealing as a picture of a celebrity or model that has been put through so many rounds of makeup and Photoshop as to be rendered little more than a cartoon.
12. Reality television stars, how much sex they are having (and with whom), and whether or not they decide to start a family.
13. Whether people you know are getting married, having children, or making big life changes when it either hasn't happened to you yet or you don't want it to happen at all.
14. The social lives of people who don't invite you out places.
15. What negative thing a critic has to say about a film you really enjoyed.
16. The fact that friends are going to make harmless decisions that we wouldn't necessarily make for ourselves. (They are there for your love and companionship, not to have another parent.)
17. What people are going to think about the clothes that we really enjoy wearing.
18. What someone might be saying behind your back (the answer is almost invariably that they aren't even thinking about you).
19. The path that everyone else thinks that it would be “appropriate” or “practical” for you to take, especially if that path doesn't make you happy.
20. Whether or not your hobbies, interests, or personality make you “masculine” or “feminine” enough.
21. How many followers you have on Twitter.
22. Being the only one without a significant other at a given event.
23. Having the same IKEA furniture as all your other 20-something friends who have IKEA furniture. We're all in the IKEA furniture phase, okay? It doesn't make us bad people.
24. Changing your personality when you hang out with someone who you can feel doesn't like you.
25. Eating salads on dates. (Can I get this burger literally wrapped in bacon, please?)
26. Not being as well dressed as all of the beautiful models doing impossibly twee activities that people keep reblogging on Tumblr.
27. Not being found attractive by someone who is not even remotely worth your time.
28. Whether or not you cry during movies that are somewhat embarrassing to cry during, such as The Notebook. (Oh my god, but seriously, when they have to subdue her and Noah is crying and, oh my god, the feelings.)
29. Watching your former bullies become train wrecks via Facebook (though I will admit that that shit is pretty satisfying.)
30. Hitting your life milestones at the “right” moments.
31. Proving to people who aren't willing to listen that you are an okay person who is happy and whole.
32. Trying to convince your friends/acquaintances to start watching Breaking Bad. If they're not going to do it, it's their loss, dude.
Late-night host Trevor Noah said Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) "did something problematic" with claims about her Native American heritage.
During his late-night show, Noah said President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's "Pocahontas" nickname for Warren is a "tricky one to process." Nicknames Trump uses on other people are "self-explanatory," he said.
"But when he says 'Pocahontas,' you might be thinking, 'Wait Trevor, I'm confused, is Elizabeth Warren Native America?' " Noah said.
"And you see, that's the question because, for a long time, she said she was."
ADVERTISEMENT
Noah said in 2012, the New England Historic Genealogical Society "looked into" and found "no proof of Warren having Native American lineage."
Noah said that was "problematic."
He said he is struggling with the question of whether Trump is racist.
"Is Donald Trump racist? Yeah. But in his own way, he is hitting Elizabeth Warren for saying she is Native American when she wasn't," Noah, a frequent critic of Trump, said.
Noah said it's not that Warren "committed a crime."
“Elizabeth Warren did something problematic, the kind of thing we rightfully call each other out for every single day,” Noah continued.
“So as weird as it is to say, in his own racially offensive way, Donald Trump was being waked. Yeah, and that's, unfortunately, the truth.”
Trump on Monday called Warren "Pocahontas" during an event honoring Navajo Code Talkers.
During the event honoring three Navajos who helped the U.S. Marine Corps develop a secret code during World War II, Trump said: "You were here long before any of us were here."
Trump has repeatedly used the derisive nickname when talking about Warren, a reference to her claims of Native American heritage.
Actor Richa Chadha has never minced her words when it comes to addressing socially relevant issues. This time, she spills the beans on why Bollywood actors are afraid to complain about cases of sexual harassment, unlike Hollywood's film fraternity (case in point: Harvey Weinstein scandal).
“You have to understand why people in Bollywood don't speak up. They will lose their livelihood. How many powerful women has it taken for people to conclusively decide that Harvey Wienstine was a predator. That is how the case has become huge. If anyone, who didn't have a career, had said it, people would've trashed her. In India, when there is a rape, what we hear first is, ‘what was she wearing?' The culture of victim shaming is so strong here,” says Richa, who also wrote a blog to share her thought on the same case.
Talking about the campaign of #me too, where women spoke about their experience of harassment on social media, Richa says, “ We live in a culture of victim shaming. It's like they will lose work. Who will take the responsibility of protecting them? Slowly we have to shift to a culture where it is from Me too to Him too, where people will have the strength to complain about others.”
The actor also feels that issues such as these take time to get resolved. “It won't get over because it is not a temporary problem. It is an ecosystem which favours men who are in position as power. This is a very difficult situation to deal with and the ripple effect touches all other aspects of your career. This is also really difficult thing to deal with because it effects your current relationship, your relation with your sexuality and how people look at you,” says the actor.
Follow @htshowbiz for more
First Published: Nov 25, 2017 17:55 IST
The Theatre Royal and Royal Concert Hall in Nottingham. Photo: Wendy House
Nottingham's Theatre Royal and Royal Concert Hall will now pay all workers the living wage, thanks to a new deal between the venue, backstage workers' union BECTU and the city council, which owns the building.
Previously, the two sets of staff at the venues were paid different amounts. The new deal unites all workers at the venues under one house agreement for pay at the minimum rate of the living wage – which outside London is currently £7.85 an hour.
After six months of pay negotiations, 72% of BECTU members voting in a ballot approved the new pay deal, which will also see all staff gain monthly salaries and annual hours contracts.
TRCH managing director Robert Sanderson said of the living wage agreement: “We think it's a good thing to aspire to, and we're able to pay that. Our staff work long hours, often unsociable hours, and they work very hard. They've been key to the success of the Theatre Royal and Royal Concert Hall in recent years, and we think it's only right that is recognised.”
Mick Corfield, national official for BECTU, added he was “delighted” at the pay changes and added: “Once again BECTU has delivered on its aim to see the living wage introduced where it can.”
Earlier this year Theatre Delicatessen became the first theatre company to be accredited as a living wage employer.
SAN FRANCISCO — It was not a happy day for the Happy Meal.
In what it described as a blow against the fattening temptations of fast food, the board of supervisors in Santa Clara County, south of San Francisco, voted Tuesday to ban the promotional toys that often accompany child-size portions of cheeseburgers and chicken nuggets if those meals don't meet certain nutritional standards.
The criteria, which are based on federal standards and recommendations from the nonprofit Institute of Medicine, would apply to all fast-food restaurants giving away toys in meals in-tended for children. Ken Yeager, the board president, said the new law would level “the playing field by taking away the incentive to choose fatty, sugary foods over healthier options.”
“What we're trying to do is de-link the connection between unhealthy food and toys,” said Mr. Yeager, who added that he believed children chose their meals based on the giveaway that came with it. “Why would a kid say ‘I want a burger with fries'? It's the toys that they want.”
The law, the first of its kind, will allow restaurants to give away toys as long as the meals don't contain excessive calories, sodium, sugar or fat. “This ordinance does not attack toys,” Mr. Yeager said just before the board passed the law by a 3-2 vote. “Toys, in and of themselves, do not make children obese.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One of four children in Santa Clara is obese, with even higher rates among low-income residents, a target audience for the various cheap meals that fast-food restaurants offer. Obesity is also a big problem nationwide. Two-thirds of adults 20 years and over are overweight or obese, according to the National Center for Health Statistics. Numbers for children and adolescents are much lower, however, ranging from 11 to 18 percent.
Mr. Yeager, who does not have children, said the law would take effect this summer after a final vote in May.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Russians were operating a Buk missile launcher seen in the area where flight MH17 was shot down, eyewitnesses told Panorama
Dutch broadcaster RTL says it has new evidence that the Malaysia Airlines plane shot down over Ukraine last July was hit by a surface-to-air missile.
Forensic analysis of a metal fragment found at the crash site of flight MH17 by a journalist indicated it was from the warhead of a Russian-made Buk.
This would support the theory the plane was downed by pro-Russian rebels, over whose territory the plane was flying.
All 298 people on board the flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur were killed.
A preliminary report published in September by the Dutch Safety Board, which is investigating the crash, said the plane broke up after being penetrated by "high-velocity objects".
Additional material 'welcome'
On Thursday, RTL reported that a metal fragment was recovered by Dutch journalist Jeroen Akkermans several months ago from the crash site, near the village of Hrabove in eastern Ukraine.
The broadcaster said it had the shrapnel tested by international forensic and weapons experts, who concluded that it had come from the warhead of a 9M317 Buk missile.
Nicholas de Larrinaga of IHS Jane's told RTL: "From the hour-glass form we can gather all the characteristics of an impact of a 9N314 warhead fragment. This fits perfectly."
Image copyright AP Image caption Investigators said the plane was hit by shrapnel from a fragmentation weapon such as a Buk
The Ukrainian government and the West have accused the Russian authorities of supplying the separatists with Buk missile launchers.
The claim is supported by witness statements, as well as photographs and videos. However, it has been denied by Moscow, which has suggested that Ukrainian forces were responsible for the crash.
The Dutch prosecutor leading the criminal case said earlier this month that a Buk missile may have hit the airliner, although it was "too early to rule out other possibilities".
In reaction to RTL's report, the Dutch Safety Board noted that the link to flight MH17 had to be demonstrated for each piece of evidence, in part because it crashed in a conflict zone.
"The investigation into the cause of the accident is ongoing and is focusing on many more sources than just the pieces of shrapnel," a statement on its website said.
"Additional material for investigation is welcome for this, but it is important that it be irrefutably demonstrated that there is a relationship between any material and the aeroplane that crashed."
The results of the Dutch Safety Board investigation are due to be released in October.
The road to success in weightlifting is a rocky one. Physical attributes – such as strength, flexibility, coordination or neuro-muscular qualities- and technical abilities – or how the person uses his physical attributes to produce actions- are often discussed. When it comes to psychological abilities or issues, little is discussed. Understanding your athlete's or your psychological profile – for lack of better terms- can help you and them achieve greatness. Below is a generalization of what you might expect from coach beginners or more advanced athletes.
Psychological distress of beginner athletes
Weightlifting is an interesting sport, in that unless you are a lifter or have used the lifts in your physical preparation for another sport, it is hard to relate to the task at hand. Elite lifters lift large amount of weights in a fashion that makes the public believe that it is easy to do so, does not take much time to get to that level and that progress happens in a linear fashion (X amount of kilos a week/month). Whenever a beginner tries weightlifting, the first thing that will happen is the realization that this sport is hard and that their ego is long gone. Sometimes, to preserve that ego, they will also pretend that it does not hurt (due to lack of flexibility) and that it is easy. The coach should be prepared to deal with this and still go light even if its ”easy” and ”does not hurt”.
It is the coach's job to educate the lifter about the reality of the sport of weightlifting. The reality of this sport is that it is a sport where hard work (not necessarily in terms of training intensity and volume) and specific psychological attributes -such as motivation, mental toughness and good control of emotions – are needed. These psychological attributes take times to develop in many lifters and this should not be overlooked by the coach.
Failure to educate the lifter about this reality and acknowledge the importance of such psychological qualities can – or will- result in lower motivation. Ultimately, this can result in bad retention of athletes as in they will quit because their ego is shattered, their confidence was never developed and they ultimately think they are not cut out for this sport. All of the above could be avoided if a better approach was used.
Coaching tricks for beginners
My philosophy is that a beginner should never miss a bar (although you should teach your athlete how to properly miss a bar). Unless it is PR day – where the athlete will get up to 3 tries to make a heavy lift- the beginner athlete should never be brought to a point where he can miss (either due to strength or technique). I have written about this before from a skill acquisition perspective. There are also psychological benefits to doing so. The lifter learns to be confident and feel good about doing the lifts. The new lifter will also learn to properly deal with negative emotions that can be associated with weightlifting. These emotions can be fear, uncertainty, or anxiety.
Another thing I like to do with lifters who are just starting is finishing the technical work with something they are usually good at – be it squats, pulls, good morning, etc. I will do that for the first few training sessions to make sure the athletes always end on a good note. They will also feel like they worked hard – although they have not lifted heavy in the snatch and clean and jerk since they are just learning. If you do this, I bet that athlete will be back for more which is not to overlook given our low numbers of weightlifters in North America (especially Canada). Obviously, overtime the strength work will become more and more specific.
Your tasks should be clear and precise. Tasks should have a reason to be, but the reason behind it should be explained in as many characters as a Twitter message. In other words, going into too many details will confuse your new athlete. Lots of emphasis should be put on positive comments.
The psychology needs of intermediate/elite athletes are different
At some point his career, the athlete becomes better and better. A change in his self perception will most likely happen, meaning that weightlifting now defines him. He is no longer just Joe Average, he becomes Joe Weightlifter. In other words, the person starts seeing himself as a weightlifter. This shift in self perception is important to be aware of.
Probably everybody who has trained in weightlifting can relate to this point : At some point in time, we tend become ”emotionally involved or connected” with the barbell. You'll often see Russians lifters who don't put their feet on the bar and lifters who make world record kiss the bar. Others just like to tap gently the bar after a lift almost like you would purr your cat.
Since the person is now a weightlifter due to their change in self perception, I have noticed that such athletes will often define themselves by their successes. However, if the athlete is not able to match his previous success – say in a max effort day- negative emotions can cloud his judgement down the line. Different questions can go through the head of the lifter at this point : Did I lose my talent? Did I forget how to do this? May be I should work on X, Y, Z even more? Do I need to change my program ?
After all, a good weightlifter lifts weights successfully and is not supposed to miss, right? However, this is wrong as many of the greatest lifters in the world have bombed out at a competition. If Alekseyev or Rigert bombed out in their career, what makes you think you will never bomb out or have a bad day? Dabbaya, here, discuss how he was involved with a sport psychologist because there was something about the snatch that would prevent him from doing a pr. By the way, that something was the number itself which is an evidence of how some lifters can become connected or involved or obsessive over the barbell.
Coaching tricks for intermediate/elite lifters
We consider that motivation comes in two shapes. Intrinsic motivation is a motivation of the self, meaning that a person is attracted to an activity because it's fun to them. Extrinsic motivation is a motivation that comes from the environment in which the person is in. Here is an example : ”I want to be a lifter because of [Insert lifter name here]” At this point, if the lifter is of intermediate and elite level, you know that intrinsic motivation is there. However, that's sometimes not enough in the face of adversity.
Unfortunately, no matter what the coach does, he will never have a real influence on intrinsic motivation. Either the person likes it or not. Fortunately, the coach can have an influence on extrinsic motivation through the uses of rewards. Given that some athletes focus so much on the number itself and that they might have missed that particular number itself in the past which might have then associated the number itself with negative emotions or thoughts, I like to introduce some kind of ”gambling” in the training.
On our max days, I usually bring a box of cookies or granola bars which I will bet with my lifters. I select their bars in a way that I know is reasonable for that given day (greed is not good) and instruct that whoever does the said bar will get a cookie or a granola bar. Because everybody can win, what we see is great team spirit (people encourage each other) and not adversity between the lifters. Many nations use this sort of gambling system – mostly with money. Personally, I don't have money to waste like that, so I use food. Everybody loves food.
The use of the granola bar/cookie might be questionable at first. However, in my experience, I feel like it changes the way the athlete thinks. Less thought is put on the barbell itself and more is put into the reward, no matter how little it is. Consider this, a gold medal costs less than 10$-20$. You could go out and buy one, if you wanted. However, it wouldn't have any value. This means that it is what it's associated with that really matters. Thus, the athlete really put lots of effort to win a gold medal, not so much because it's made of gold but more because it means that he is the being the best, he has great competence or skills, he has respect and other positive emotions.
The granola bar betting simulate this pretty well. It is cost effective for the coach and the athlete (at least mine) really want to win it because it means that 1) they did well, 2) they won over themselves, 3) they are getting rewarded which means higher confidence and will, 4) they walk home with a small victory, although they might have done 90% and not 105%. Victories in weightlifting are rare, so it's always good to walk home with one. Stress over numbers is reduced in my experience.
Another thing I will do with more experienced athletes is give them more choices. I find that having the sense of control that comes with choosing between doing 2 strength exercises, for instance, is associated with positive emotions and great outcome. You feel like you are picking something out that will really help you according to your feeling at that moment. It develops autonomy and competence. I still write the programs, I just allow them to be involved in the process a bit more.
Credits to respective photographers.
A while ago I wrote a blog post in which I showed the performance difference between the array prototype function .indexOf() and a for each loop. Now it's time for the second part of the series: Orchestrator Javascript speed test: .map()
Test setup
The test setup is identical to the setup I described in the previous post. Same machine, same vCO appliance. I did change the script that generates the test array slightly. Instead of a string I now store an object in each array elemen. Here is the script:
System.log("======Generating Test Array==========="); var testArray = new Array(); var startTime = System.getCurrentTime(); for (var i = 0; i < arraySize;i++) { var element = { number: i.toString(), value: "value=" +i.toString() } testArray.push(element); } var stopTime = System.getCurrentTime(); var timeElapsed = stopTime - startTime; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 System . log ( "======Generating Test Array===========" ) ; var testArray = new Array ( ) ; var startTime = System . getCurrentTime ( ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < arraySize ; i ++ ) { var element = { number : i . toString ( ) , value : "value=" + i . toString ( ) } testArray . push ( element ) ; } var stopTime = System . getCurrentTime ( ) ; var timeElapsed = stopTime - startTime ;
Both tests are done in the same workflow so they are as close together as possible to get the same circumstances of the tests.
Mapping an Array
Mapping an array into an other array means running some action on every element of the array and returning the value of that action into a new array. What I will do in this test is taking one attribute of the object that is stored in each array element and create a new array that only consists of that one attribute. This makes it easier to search for the right index number later on using .indexOf()
So here the content of one array element: { number: “1”, value: value=1 }
And what we want as an end result is an array where each element just contains “value=1” for example.
There are basically two ways to do this. You can either use the prototype function .map() or create your own loop. Let's try the prototype function first. map() takes takes a function as an argument. Whatever the function returns is stored in the active element of the target array.
var startTime = System.getCurrentTime(); var mappedTestArray = testArray .map(function(e) { return e.value }); var stopTime = System.getCurrentTime(); var timeElapsed = stopTime - startTime; System.log("Start Time: " +startTime); System.log("Time finished: " +stopTime); System.log("mS elapsed: " +timeElapsed); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 var startTime = System . getCurrentTime ( ) ; var mappedTestArray = testArray . map ( function ( e ) { return e . value } ) ; var stopTime = System . getCurrentTime ( ) ; var timeElapsed = stopTime - startTime ; System . log ( "Start Time: " + startTime ) ; System . log ( "Time finished: " + stopTime ) ; System . log ( "mS elapsed: " + timeElapsed ) ;
Below is the result of this test:
Start Time: 1424793480446 Time finished: 1424793480540 mS elapsed: 94 1 2 3 Start Time : 1424793480446 Time finished : 1424793480540 mS elapsed : 94
So the map action took 94 milliseconds. But over a couple of test runs I did get different results. Ranging from 119 to 86mS. Now let's try a for each loop to see how long that takes:
var startTime = System.getCurrentTime(); var mappedArray = new Array(); for each (var e in testArray) { mappedArray.push(e.value); } var stopTime = System.getCurrentTime(); var timeElapsed = stopTime - startTime; System.log("Start Time: " +startTime); System.log("Time finished: " +stopTime); System.log("mS elapsed: " +timeElapsed); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 var startTime = System . getCurrentTime ( ) ; var mappedArray = new Array ( ) ; for each ( var e in testArray ) { mappedArray . push ( e . value ) ; } var stopTime = System . getCurrentTime ( ) ; var timeElapsed = stopTime - startTime ; System . log ( "Start Time: " + startTime ) ; System . log ( "Time finished: " + stopTime ) ; System . log ( "mS elapsed: " + timeElapsed ) ;
And here are the results:
Start Time: 1424793484701 Time finished: 1424793484840 mS elapsed: 106 1 2 3 Start Time : 1424793484701 Time finished : 1424793484840 mS elapsed : 106
So this particular run took 106 milliseconds. But again as with the .map I don't get consistent results. I've seen values everywhere between 82 and 139 mS.
I run both test sequentially in the same workflow. And even the difference between both methods is not the same. Sometimes the map() is faster, sometimes the loop is faster.
Conclusion
I cannot definitively say which method is faster. The only thing I can say for sure that they are about the same speed. But if you ask me which method I prefer the answer is: .map()! Why? Because if I read somebody elses code and I see the .map being used I know something is being mapped. But if I see a pof each loop I have to go through the whole loop to understand what's going on. In the example above the loop might be simple but in real life it can get complicated pretty quick.
Kevin Abraham Sabet-Sharghi, Ph.D., aka Kevin Sabet, has been a headline-grabbing right-winger ever since his U.C. Berkeley days—where he did not study science or medicine despite his current appointment as an assistant professor of medicine at the University of Florida. His most recent incarnation as a co-founder of Project SAM (Smart Approaches to Marijuana) follows a stint in the Obama White House on its drug policy staff from 2009-2011. His personal website claims he is the “quarterback” of a new anti-drug movement, boasting that he's been “quoted in over 15,000 news stories.”
Project SAM's anti-marijuana priorities include emphasizing the “lifelong stigma” of pot-related arrests, the prospect of “Big Marijuana” marketing it to children, the industry being taken over by Big Tobacco, and seeking federal research on pharmaceuticalized medical marijuana products.
Unlike Sabet, I have spent more than a decade training in the relevant disciplines he attempts to speak for. I've earned degrees in medicine and medical social scientific fields, not social policy like Sabet, and I feel the need to debunk his "moral entrepreneurship" that demonizes marijuana use and ignores scientific research that contradicts his drug warrior claims.
What follows are five claims from his list of talking points—fictions—followed by the facts. Claim #1: There's no need to smoke it. "Since we don't smoke opium to get the effects of morphine, why should we smoke marijuana to receive its therapeutic effects?" (Published or aired on Reason.com, Christian Science Monitor, CNN's Dr. Drew, Huffington Post, Project SAM website.) SPONSORED
However one medicinal agent is delivered into the body should have no bearing whatsoever on how another medicinal agent should or should not be given. To believe so shows a fundamental lack of understanding of the variation of medicines and modes of delivery in modern clinical practice. To allow medicinal use of cannabis-marijuana does not mean that one would only be presented with the option of smoking it to receive its therapeutic effects. Many other modes of delivery: oral, topical, sublingual, vaporized, etc. are available. Moreover, the harms of cannabis smoking are nowhere near the harms of tobacco smoke. All large-scale, long-term epidemiological studies conducted to date have not shown any links to COPD or lung cancer. In fact, cancer-protective effects have been demonstrated in at least two studies. Opium is consumed orally in medicine today in the tincture form of paregoric, used across the United States in hospitals and clinics for refractory diarrhea. Claim #2: The plant has dangerous unknown elements.
"The raw marijuana plant material — itself containing hundreds of unknown components — has not met FDA's standards of safety and efficacy." (CNN, Huffington Post, Project SAM website.)
Adequate and well-controlled studies proving the medical efficacy of cannabis exist, but are ignored by marijuana schedulers in the Department of Health and Human Services, under which the FDA resides. Large, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies involving hundreds of patients in America and abroad that are in some cases a year in duration have been published in U.S. National Library of Medicine indexed journals showing that marijuana, orally administered in extract form, can treat intractable pain in cancer and improve mobility and symptom control in multiple sclerosis. Cannabis-marijuana plant material is one of the best studied and characterized plant materials in science. As of 2008, there were over 15,000 articles alone on the chemistry and pharmacology of cannabis. Claim #3: Marijuana use stunts intelligence.
"Recently completed research shows that pot can significantly decrease IQ." (USnews.com, CNN.com, CNN's Piers Morgan, Reason, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Project SAM website.)
This assertion is based on a reference to a research study from New Zealand published in the Proceedings of the National Academies of Science in August 2012 that grossly mischaracterizes its results, and did not in fact establish this causal link.
In this research, there was no breakdown of frequency or amount of cannabis used to see if there was any "dose dependency" to the effects—an important item in association studies. The study's cannabis exposure data was strictly based on self-report, even though other data, such as the subjects' reported cognitive performances, were corroborated by statements from close contacts. There was only consideration of alcohol dependence, not binge drinking patterns, which have also been shown to be neurotoxic, and if occurring, would confound results. Schizophrenia was considered as a confounding factor, but other mental illnesses such as major depression, anxiety, PTSD or traumatic brain injuries, such as concussions, all of which can reduce performance on neurocognitive tests, were not factored in.
In other words, the "pot makes you stupider" proof was not there. There was no neuroimaging or physiological/neurochemical/ anatomical correlates presented. A subsequent study published in the same journal with the same dataset concluded that all the variation in cognitive effects could be explained just as easily by socioeconomic variables rather than cannabis use, which cast significant doubt on the robustness of the initial study.
Pioneering scientists and doctors such as Carl Sagan, Lester Grinspoon, Richard Feynman, Stephen Jay Gould, Andrew Weil, Oliver Sacks, and others have stated that cannabis use improved the quality of their intellectual work. This aspect of cannabis use is entirely ignored by Sabet and his colleagues. Finally, Dutch senior high school students rank number one in math and number two in science globally, despite the country having a de facto legal marijuana market for over 30 years.
Claim #4: Today's pot is much stronger than it used to be.
“Today's marijuana is 10 times more dangerous than the marijuana of the '60s that many parents smoked in their dorm rooms,” Sabet told Salon.com. It's “five to six times greater in potency and strength” he told Huffington Post's Ryan Grim and “4-5 times stronger" he wrote in a recent U.S. News and World Report commentary.
Aside from the fact that Sabet varies his figures based on which media outlet he is communicating to, it is patently false to claim that marijuana-cannabis and the forms it was ingested in were somehow so different 50 years ago. Cannabis resin, produced by its flowers, has always been concentrated in solutions that were consumed orally. So it is false to claim that the cannabis available today is somehow so different than what it was in the past. If there are higher potency forms of herbal cannabis available, based on THC content, it's due to the pressures produced by prohibition and the lack of legal regulation. And it can be a good thing, if a higher THC percentage is present, as a consumer would need to consume less to achieve a desired effect. Additionally, there are other cannabinioids and terpeniods whose concentration can be varied to produce a variety of effects. While people can certainly have unpleasant reactions from consuming too much THC-rich cannabis, the best way to address this is labeling and consumer education, not blackmarket-generating prohibition and contrabanding.
Claim #5: 1 out of 6 youngsters get hooked.
“Marijuana addicts 1 out of every 6 children who ever try the drug.” (Baker Institute Blog, Russia Today,CNN.com, Huffington Post, Project SAM website.) Sabet has made this outrageous statement by citing Johns Hopkins epidemiologist J.C. Anthony, as well as federal drug abuse research summaries produced by the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), whose director, Nora Volkow, has made this same claim. Both sources, however, rely on psychiatric diagnostic manuals widely criticized in peer-reviewed literature (see here and here) for gross over-pathologization of substance-related problems. Eager to diagnose, these studies ignore the impact that aggressive policing of cannabis has on users. The illegality of marijuana not only affects what subjects will be willing to disclose to researchers, but the stress of engaging in behavior that can lead to "social death"—suspension, arrest, loss of job, benefits, etc.—may be more psychologically trying than the drug itself.
The research supporting the claim is also based on faulty math. While the "1 out of 6" statistic does not appear anywhere in the text, figures or tables of the references (2002, 1994), the only way to come to this number is by manipulating numbers. The study's authors attempt to measure the “Cumulative Probability for Meeting Criteria for [Marijuana] Dependence” by a certain age does not follow users over time, and thus represents a survey-based snapshot of their lives in which they recollect their past use. This data, collected from 3,940 total users sampled of whom 354 were classified as dependent, allows for the inference that, by age 18, 5.61% or "1 in 17" marijuana users are at risk for dependence. It does not, however, allow for an analyst to add together dependence risk percentages from ages 10, 15, 16, 17 and 18 , to get 14.5% or "1 in 6." If the same math were applied to all ages reported, you would end up with 162.24%.
The NIDA reference to “1 in 6” is based on self-reported data from the annual National Survey on Drug Use and Health to analyze data for "age of first marijuana use" and "Illicit Drug Dependence or Abuse in the Past Year." In a similar maneuver, the authors added the percentages for drug-dependent youths who had used marijuana age 14 or younger (12.7%) and ages 15-18 (4.9%), which equalled 17.6%, or "1 in 6." They effectively played with numbers to invoke the widely debunked marijuana gateway theory. Culture Warrior Propagandist
The proposals that Sabet pushes, while dressed in science, are essentially moral judgments. This is why there is no attempt to take seriously the large body of evidence showing the beneficial impacts of cannabis use or regulated cannabis markets on human health and social well-being. His major thrust is moral entrepreneurship: to popularize negative associations such as "threatening" and "culturally foreign" with cross-cultural, millennia-old, common human-cannabis relationship behaviors such as cultivation, consumption and trade.
Sabet and his team, many of whom are specialists in addiction or are recovering addicts, such as SAM's chairman, former congressman Patrick J. Kennedy, are not interested in this evidence. They continue with a soundbite debate society approach, which neglects the fact that millions of lives globally are ruined annually due to an unevenly applied penalty system ranging from arrest to the death penalty.
Surprisingly, even Sabet's Baha'i faith's policymaking body, the Universal House of Justice, the leading body of a religion that itself continues to face persecution, pronounced in 1967 that cannabis is allowed for medical purposes by followers:
Concerning "the use of marijuana, LSD and other psychedelic products," we have already informed the National Spiritual Assembly of the United States that BahÃ¡'Ã­s should not use…substances, except when prescribed for medical treatment. Sabet may seek to seem reasonable by saying that there is benefit to "components” of cannabis, but despite his wishes, we must not allow it to remain tightly in the hands of the pharmaceutical sector but rather available as widely as possible as other herbal medicines.
Cannabis, a commonwealth plant that evolved 34 million years ago, which has a myriad of benefits as medicine, food, fiber, fuel, relaxant, etc. should not belong only to a wealthy, well-connected elite. Given Sabet's prior political track record—campaigning against drugs and other "immoral" indignities since his U.C. Berkeley days—it is not surprising that he has chosen to serve the interests of the few over the many.
Story highlights Mark Glaze: Gun murders, mass shootings force Washington to rethink gun policy
Glaze: Americans want background checks and no military-style assault weapons
U.S. has more guns than any other nation and towering gun murder rate, he says
Glaze: Mainstream gun owners, 74% of NRA members want background checks
The daily toll of gun murders, and the increasing frequency and scale of mass shootings, have finally forced Washington to rethink gun policy.
Predictably, emotions are running high on TV talk shows and congressional panels. So it's a good time to remind ourselves that Americans -- including gun owners -- actually agree about what to do now, and have for a very long time.
From requiring criminal background checks on all gun sales to getting military-style assault weapons off our streets, Americans understand that it's entirely possible to respect the rights of law-abiding gun owners and do much more to keep people safe. The nation may be politically divided, but on guns there has long been a broad and enduring consensus.
The only people who seem to disagree are the National Rifle Association's Washington lobbyists. What was once a modest gun rights and gun safety organization is long gone. Today, as New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has said, it is principally a marketing organization, and its flagship product is fear.
Mark Glaze
This sad development was on full display during Wednesday's Senate hearing on gun violence, where NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre claimed that background checks for gun buyers -- a two-minute process that most gun buyers are happy to undergo -- will become "a universal federal nightmare imposed upon law-abiding people all over the country."
As an alternative, LaPierre has suggested that the answer to guns is more guns -- in the hands of almost anyone, in almost every place in America: every classroom, every daycare center, every movie theater, every shopping mall, every place of worship.
If more guns in more places is the NRA's proposal, we've run a pretty good pilot project -- and the results aren't good. The U.S. already has more firearms per capita than any other nation, making it the most heavily armed civilian population in the world. We have a gun murder rate that is about 15 times higher than other populous, high-income countries. This correlation has lost the power to surprise -- except perhaps for LaPierre, who believes "the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun."
If only it were that simple. This isn't just about good guys and bad guys. Very often, the good guys get shot by bad guys with guns. This is about smart policies and dangerous ones.
Gun owners know this, too. Those like my dad, a former firearms dealer in Colorado, are mainstream Americans with mainstream views on guns. That's why 74% of NRA members and 87% of non-NRA gun owners believe all gun buyers should get a criminal background check . A CBS/New York Times poll released on January 17 found 93% of those living in households with gun owners and 85% in households with NRA members support background checks.
JUST WATCHED Newtown parents plead for change Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Newtown parents plead for change 02:48
JUST WATCHED What gun hearing was like for Giffords Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What gun hearing was like for Giffords 01:39
JUST WATCHED Guns find new life as jewelry Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Guns find new life as jewelry 01:59
They believe we have the right to bear arms, and they believe with rights come responsibilities. An instant background check is not too high a price to pay, when we know the current system -- even with big loopholes -- has saved many lives.
We have the right to go to the movies without being gunned down in our seats. We have the right to pray in our houses of worship without being victimized by a mentally unstable young man and his assault weapon. More than anything, we have the right to send our kids to school in the morning with the guarantee that they'll return home in the afternoon.
Until lawmakers stand up to the gun lobby and stand up for the people they represent, the death toll will only continue to rise -- 33 people murdered with guns, every day, everywhere, in the world's indispensable nation.
When they do, they'll have major police organizations, survivors of gun violence, faith leaders, domestic violence opponents, many millions of parents, and more than 850 Mayors Against Illegal Guns standing with them.
If it's electoral retribution they're worried about, they should look at the last election. After investing more millions than ever to defeat President Barack Obama and elect pro-gun politicians, the NRA had one of the worst success rates of all political groups: a 0.83% return on a massive investment of its members' hard-earned money.
We can pass commonsense gun laws that will save many lives. The American people are demanding it, the president is demanding it, the families of the dead are demanding it.
It's time for our leaders to buck the NRA's Washington lobbyists. It's not as hard as they think.
Football Zebras analysis
After narrowing the field down from four candidates to two, Football Zebras has learned that a clear front-runner has emerged for the referee of Super Bowl LI.
[Update 1/18: Football Zebras has confirmed that all the officials listed below are assigned to the Super Bowl.]
Carl Cheffers, according to multiple sources with knowledge of how the officials' grades stand this season, is the most likely candidate to head the all-star crew of officials for the final game of the season on Feb. 5 in Houston. The fact that Cheffers has not had a previous Super Bowl assignment furthers this likelihood, as the league has shown preference to first-time officials that are in the top-graded tier.
Most of the crew that is working the Steelers-Chiefs game is believed to be headed to the Super Bowl, with two coming from the other AFC Divisional Playoff game. Typically, the referee-umpire pair and both sideline tandems that are considered for the Super Bowl are placed in the the same divisional game, although there are usually no more than three such officials in the same game. The officials in the Kansas City game were originally in the early afternoon slot on Sunday, but due to the possibility of icy roads that morning, the game is now the bookend of the divisional weekend.
The Super Bowl assignments have not been finalized and will be distributed to the officials early next week. This gives the league office the ability to make silent changes if an official has a glaring error or is injured in the divisional game. Unofficially, the Super Bowl crew is believed to be as follows, shown with the number of Wild Card and Divisional Playoffs and Conference Championship games worked in the last five seasons:
Yrs 2016 crew Div. Playoff 2011-2015 Prev. Super Bowl R 51 Carl Cheffers 17 PIT-KC 1 DIV, 2 WC U 64 Dan Ferrell 14 Corrente PIT-KC 2 CC, 1 DIV HL 79 Kent Payne 13 Cheffers HOU-NE 4 CC, 1 DIV XLV LJ 45 Jeff Seeman 15 Parry PIT-KC 1 CC, 2 DIV, 2 WC XLIV FJ 67 Doug Rosenbaum 16 Morelli PIT-KC 1 CC, 3 WC XLV SJ 109 Dyrol Prioleau 10 Triplette HOU-NE 1 CC BJ 30 Todd Prukop 8 Corrente PIT-KC 2 DIV, 2 WC
Again, this is subject to change, but Football Zebras has high confidence in the selections above based on knowledgeable sources and our internal analysis.
With that, there is still time to sound off on who you think will be the referee for Super Bowl LI in our poll below.
× Close Media Release
Media Release: For consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, I irrevocably authorize the Parties to copyright, use and publish for any lawful purpose the photographic images, audio recordings, and video images of me that are collected during my participation in the Service Project. I hereby waive any and all interest in or claims to any and all photographs, pictures, video tape images and voice and sound reproductions taken of me by or for the Project and do hereby grant to the Parties full permission for advertising and publication purposes, or any other legal purposes to copyright, use, sell, publish or license photographic portraits, pictures, prints or other reproductions made of me in connection with the agreement, and to make changes or alterations therein and / or additions hereto in connection with testimonial copy with fictitious names or otherwise and for any and all commercial purposes whatsoever. I do hereby waive any right that I may have to inspect or approve the finished product or advertising or other copy that may be used in connections therewith or the use to which it may be applied and the Parties may edit, modify or reuse the above in any manner for purposes of advertising and trade in any and all media, without limitation. I hereby release and fully discharge the Parties, it's successors and assigns and all persons acting under its permission or authority, from any liability by virtue of any blurring, distortion, alteration, optical illusion, or use in composite form whether intentional or otherwise, that may occur or be produced in the recording, taking of the pictures, or in any processing tending toward the completion of the finished product. I do hereby warrant that I am of full age or I am the parent or guardian of any minors I am bringing to the project, and have every right to contract in my or his/her own name the above regard and further that I have read the above authorization and release, prior to its execution, and that I am fully familiar with the contents thereof. THIS IS A RELEASE OF LEGAL RIGHTS. READ IT AND BE CERTAIN YOU UNDERSTAND IT BEFORE SIGNING.
A new poll put out by Public Policy Polling, widely respected for its accuracy, has placed Gary Johnson at 6%. This article has some very biased commentary.
I know what you're thinking: The damned libertarians are going to blow it by pulling a Nader on Romney. Is that what the data says, though? That 11 percent among indies does fit with a “disaffected Paul fans ready to go third party” narrative, but look closely at the first table. The only group among which Johnson pulls double digits is … “very liberal” voters, who I assume prefer him to O either because they're disgruntled that Obama didn't deliver single-payer yet or whatever and are looking for a protest vote or because they really, really like Johnson's platform on legalizing drugs.
The numbers in the polling show that Johnson should be angling to capture very liberal voters, as well as independents.
The agency also said it will require Republic Services to develop a plan to handle surface fires like one that broke nearby this weekend.
REGULATORY OVERSIGHT
• Federal regulators do not appear to have ever cited Cotter Corp. after its contractor in 1973 dumped thousands of tons of radioactively contaminated material in West Lake Landfill, which the company says indicates the action was not illegal.
• Exelon, the company that retains Cotter's liability for West Lake, suggests there may be other material in the landfill beyond the waste already identified and that there may be other potentially responsible parties beyond landfill owner Republic Services and the Department of Energy.
• The U.S. Department of Energy, which the Environmental Protection Agency says is potentially liable for West Lake, does not appear to have ever admitted liability for the site's contamination even though the waste was produced as part of the country's early nuclear weapons program.
Countless beloved movies, from It's A Wonderful Life to Wet Hot American Summer, did not immediately gather large, appreciative audiences during their initial theatrical debuts. But even by those standards, the release afforded Empire Records qualifies as unusually unceremonious. Despite its Warner Brothers distribution, the movie came out on September 22, 1995, in 87 theaters; a few weeks later, it was gone. By comparison, another youth-culture flop-turned-cult-attraction, Kevin Smith's Mallrats, came out a month later from a smaller distributor, and still managed to scrape together nearly 1,000 (mostly empty) auditoriums and generate nearly ten times as much money as Empire Records. In the fall of 1995, Mallrats was a flop, while Empire Records was a genuine obscurity.
Advertisement
These days the figures have blurred, as figures tend to do with time, and after going on to achieve substantial home-video success, Empire Records is generically regarded as a movie that didn't do so well back in the day but found its audience on home video, just like Mallrats (or, to cite a more prestigious example of similar vintage, The Shawshank Redemption). But really, what Empire Records achieved is far more impressive than other movies of its ilk; it became a movie that many people of a certain age (born between 1978 and 1988, say, though its reach may extend further) have heard of and in many cases cherish, without the benefit of Shawshank-like Oscar nominations or a Kevin Smith-style cult of personality. Even more impressive than that: Empire Records ascended to cult-favorite status despite being a lousy movie.
I haven't drawn this conclusion from the jaundiced point of view of an old person—not entirely, at least. Empire Records was a teen-targeted movie that came out during a particularly fallow period for teen movies (before She's All That led the John Hughes echo-boom) and also when I was an actual teenager. Consequently, I remember wanting to go see Empire Records in the fall of 1995, and I remember realizing that this would not be possible, presumably with the help of Entertainment Weekly's box office charts. Like so many others, I caught up with it on video.
Advertisement
It didn't do much for me then, and it doesn't do much for me now; I can understand the devotion of its fans only so far as it's the type of movie I always want to like. It has an appealing one-big-day structure that has worked beautifully for teen-centric movies like Dazed And Confused and Superbad, with the subcultural spin of following the teenage employees of Empire Records, an indie music store that's about to be sold to Music Town (a soulless chain that somewhat inexplicably requires their employees to wear aprons). In a misguided attempt to save the store, Lucas (Rory Cochrane) takes cash from the safe and brings it to Atlantic City, where he hopes to turn it into enough money for manager Joe (Anthony LaPaglia) to buy the store back. His near-immediate loss of that money is just the first big event of a day that includes a visit from washed-up singer Rex Manning (Maxwell Caulfield), delighting Harvard-bound Corey (Liv Tyler), who's the unaware crush of A.J. (Johnny Whitworth), and so on, with semi-subplots for sexpot Gina (Renee Zellweger, in an early role), depressed Debra (Robin Tunney), and goofball Mark (Ethan Embry), all employees who attend to such vital record store business as dusting and dancing.
Despite its staff redundancies and bizarre amount of dusting, the movie's earnest silliness is not its crime. Earnest silliness can, in fact, yoke together with real feeling: Director Allan Moyle also made the similarly themed, era-specific, and cultishly adored Pump Up The Volume, in which a young Christian Slater presides over his own bedroom radio station and speaks truth to power. The two films should make a perfect double feature. Volume, though, is a lot smarter about the Slater character's pretensions—in real life, the guy might well be insufferable, yet his self-conscious rants feel authentic in their self-conscious challenges of authority. For Empire, Moyle does his best to capture the record store's energy with his camera, but he's saddled with characters who don't reward his effort.
The personality most analogous to Slater in Volume, and maybe the worst-conceived character in the film, is Cochrane's Lucas, who, even (or especially!) after losing the store's money, speaks in a tone of self-satisfied, faux-satirical detachment. His dialogue includes juvenile overwriting (“a responsibility like this requires the obedience of a saint”), empty rejoinders (“What's with today today?” is clumsily set up by having a character ask “What's with you today?” several times in a single scene), and meaningless catchphrases (“Damn the man!” later amended to “Damn the man! Save the Empire!”). Doubtless all of this has a certain teenage appeal (“Damn the man” and “What's with today today?” are both widely quoted by fans of the film) and, as such, some of the Lucas dialogue does approximate a degree of realism in depicting how a really irritating teenager might talk, especially if a really irritating teenager wanted to emulate Ethan Hawke in Reality Bites (though Lucas, at 21, is actually older than the teen characters he hangs out with). But the movie has no eye or ear for teenage (or early-20s; to the movie, they're indistinguishable) pretension, happy instead to take the wit and wisdom of Lucas more or less at face value. The scene where Joe finally serves Lucas a vicious beating in the store's back office should be harrowing or at least dramatic; instead, it's satisfying for all the wrong reasons.
Advertisement
The rest of the characters, including Joe himself, are more blandly likable than Lucas, though Liv Tyler's central performance can't help but wither when compared to her partner in Aerosmith video crimes Alicia Silverstone, whose sparkling Clueless came out just a few months before Empire Records. Though Tyler doesn't have a commanding presence, it's not really her fault the movie doesn't work; the whole cast fails to develop a clear onscreen shorthand for their supposed friendship. This is the kind of movie where halfway through, a girl tells the boy who has a crush on her that he's her best friend, even though the movie has barely shown them interacting. The extended version of the film available on DVD doesn't deepen any of these relationships, possibly because Empire Records could run for several days without deepening anything. But beyond the thinness of characterization, forgivable in any number of peppy teen comedies that preceded and followed it, this movie blows its chance for greatness or even goodness by letting down its era. It's a Totally '90s movie that fails to engage with its decade in a meaningful way, starting with its music.
It would be unfair to expect Empire Records to match High Fidelity in the limited realm of great record-store comedies. But the movie doesn't just fail to capture hipster bona fides; it seems remarkably neutral about the very idea of pop music, especially for something written by a former record-store employee. (Carol Heikkinen based the film on her experiences working at Tower Records, as detailed in BuzzFeed's exhaustive appreciation of the movie from last year.) When a character puts a song on the store PA and announces “I love this,” the movie, by conspicuously leaving out any further details about said song, gives the impression of a script with “Soundtrack Cut TBD” in place of a committed detail that might point to a particular taste, good or bad (even if other, even longer cuts of the movie, per that BuzzFeed history, supposedly included more specific dialogue about music). Those cuts gave the movie its first blush of success; though it disappeared quickly, several of its soundtrack singles charted.
Advertisement
Indeed, the Empire Records soundtrack—both the accompanying CD and the even-larger array of songs that play during the movie—is vast. Yet its songs don't seem to interest the characters or the filmmakers much, to the point where it's sometimes hard to tell whether the movie is employing diegetic or non-diegetic sound, and not in a playful way that blurs the line between fantasy and reality. It's tempting to say that removing the soundtrack would kill most of the movie's 1995 signifiers immediately, but worse, it wouldn't make much of a difference either way. The soundtrack captures alt-rock in a post-Nirvana gold rush, and if the accompanying movie felt affectionate toward half-forgotten mid-'90s alternative rock —or metal, or hip-hop, or any of the other musical genres it refers to without much love—it could be a nostalgic kick, regardless of legacies. Almost Famous, for example, isn't hampered by the intentionally middling work of its fictional band Stillwater (or, for that matter, the sometimes unintentionally middling real music of its era). Instead, Empire Records feels opportunistic, not because of its music's expired cool quotient—no one should expect 1995 movie teens to rock out to Built To Spill or Guided By Voices, and hey, that soundtrack album is pretty good—but because of the final film's mirthless indifference to it.
Here's the weird truth of this movie set in a record store: Hardly anyone in the store talks about music at all, let alone choice mid-'90s cuts, except to occasionally deride the admittedly well-rendered cheesiness of Rex Manning. (Although even there, the movie gets a little lazy: His 1995 music video looks more like 1985, even for a has-been). Even when the movie orchestrates a big tell-off scene for that jerk Manning, the characters hardly seem aware enough to provide satisfying catharsis. The best they can muster: They don't actually like his new album! Sick burn! Rex Manning's music and its relationship to the characters (even Corey, who purportedly lusts after him due to a childhood crush) has little specificity, which fits in with the movie's general use of music as fodder for dopey punchlines. When Joe makes a dramatic entrance, someone plays a cover of—get this—“Hey Joe.” Later, in a witty commentary on the fiscal irresponsibility Lucas has displayed, someone blasts the Flying Lizards cover of “Money (That's What I Want).” The staff of Empire Records seems perpetually moments away from making each other mixtapes consisting entirely of punk-rock covers.
Of the many familiar soundtrack songs, only “Free” by The Martinis and “'Til I Hear It From You” by The Gin Blossoms really score the images on screen with any meaning, and it's mostly boilerplate teen-movie stuff; the Gin Blossoms song in particular is treated as a faint refrain, not the soundtrack to romantic catharsis. There are a few stray moments on inspiration, mostly involving Mark's enthusiasm. One scene, perhaps the most memorable in the film, finds him stoned on pot brownies, seeing himself inside a Gwar video, where he is regretfully dispatched. His gleeful reaction to this terrible fate recalls the era's Beavis and Butt-head—though it should be noted that both Beavis and Butt-head offered funnier and more engaging music commentary than anyone in Empire Records.
Advertisement
It's that doofus-y youthful energy that Kevin Smith's Mallrats does manage to capture, despite characters who are not actually as young as the Empire Records gang. Both Empire and Mallrats commune with the spirit of John Hughes movies; Empire does so superficially, like a kid imitating a grown-up's intonation without understanding the words, while Mallrats at least offers a funny gloss on twentysomethings who operate with the clumsiness of teenagers from an '80s comedy. Smith's film, for all of its cartoony calculation following the more grounded Clerks, also has real love for its junky subcultures: comics, video games, local game shows, weird urban legends—the characters' late-movie side trip to the “dirt mall,” for example, has a grody sense of place. Empire's transition to a Music Town franchise, meanwhile, isn't framed in terms of the store's specific integrity as either a music store or a youth destination, but rather the mild inconvenience to its employees, who will have to (inexplicably) wear aprons and conform to a mandated store playlist—which, in 1995, would probably sound a lot like the Empire Records soundtrack anyway. In detailing the good fight to keep a record store independent, the movie should play even more now like an elegy for a waning era. Instead, it plays like a movie about a record store made by and for people who haven't spent much time in record stores—a particularly amazing feat given that it was written by a record-store employee. No one in this movie would be fun to talk to.
That's why my disappointment as a 15-year-old watching Empire Records for the first time means at least as much to me as my current befuddlement over its late-breaking popularity. I had only just started listening to current rock music in 1995, and a movie that could have whisked me further into musical obsessions while also providing the requisite teenage longing and shenanigans would have been a godsend. As it turns out, Mallrats and Clueless both did the longing/shenanigans combo better (and their soundtracks are also both good). In comparison to those movies, or even The Breakfast Club (about which I have complicated and not entirely warm feelings), Empire Records came off as thin and, frankly, more than a little phony. It didn't give the teen movie a '90s-spin; it got the genre ready for a late-'90s prep renaissance.
Advertisement
I'm not trying to advertise my teenage sophistication; I couldn't claim much there even if I wanted to. (I barely knew who Kurt Cobain was when he died and, again, I loved Mallrats.) And I understand that picking on Empire Records, a movie that did not receive encouraging reviews upon its brief release and scrapped its way to becoming a cult favorite that has brought thousands of people real happiness, may seem churlish. In fact, there is admittedly something touching about the way the movie's fans have lent it some meaning that the movie itself mostly lacks; it's a formative experience first and anything else a distant second. Empire Records isn't just a record-store movie for non-record-store people, but a teen movie that probably plays best to an audience that has seen as few teen movies as possible. This doesn't make it a good movie. For the most part, it makes it a bad one. This bad one, though, can at least serve as a reminder that teenagers crave movies that speak to them, in tones serious or silly. And in their absence, sometimes any stupid thing, be it “Damn the man!” or Mallrats, will do.
Dr P Mohamed Ali — The leading Businessmen in Oman
Oman, in 60's and 70's was mere a dessert ridden land with very few roads, buildings etc., Education too was on backseat with very few schools and colleges, and higher education was just more than a dream for Omani's. Oman had a need to grow in all sectors which is a basic necessity for any country, but it was tasked in itself due to its hot and dry climate which hampered its prospect. To make Oman an economically and infrastructural strong with well-connected road and rail network, standardized education system and proper health care facilities were the need of the hour. This is a story of how a man brought about the most talked about change in Oman through his various institutions build over time without any expectations or favors in return.
Dr P Mohamed Ali a young and energetic person from India, set his foot on Oman's soil in the early 70's with his eyes full of dreams for the people of Oman. Dr P Mohamed always wanted to dedicate his life for the well-being and prosperity of the fellow Omanis and even Indians. Dr P Mohamed Ali followed with his clear goal and strong vision, he quit his well settles government job in India went ahead and set his name high in the skies of Oman by building Galfar Engineering and Construction SAOG back in 1972 with a mere initial capital of 25,000 and just 5 labors.
He worked really hard with limited labors and capital but there was no limit to strength and courage. Under the leadership of Dr P Mohamed Ali, they tool many challenging projects onboard and came out with flying colors always. It is today now the most trusted and best construction company in Oman. Dr P Mohamed Ali's dream and vision is now a reality. But as Mahatma Gandhi quoted “Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment, full effort is full victory.” Dr P Mohamed Ali wanted to achieve more in his vision to give back to the society which soon lead him venturing into different sectors like Oil & Gas, Marine Infrastructure, Waste water management and as desired Galfar at all times proved their worth in all these sectors.
Having changed the face of Oman, Dr P Mohamed Ali is today one of the leading businessmen in Oman and Galfar today employees around 25,000 people. Having a desire to always do more, as Galfar was on the growth stage P Mohamed Ali saw that Oman needed an uplift in the Educational sector as well. This led him to incorporating institutions like Oman medical college, Oman dental college, Caledonian College of Engineering amongst others.
All of this hard work got him honored with many varied recognitions and awards, highest of which is the Oman Civil award by the Sultanate of Oman. It is the highest honor for an Omani. He was also honored the degree of Doctor by Caledonian College of Engineering, Scotland. He was also honored with the Sword of honor for the safety processes followed at Galfar by the British government which made it one of the safest company to work at. The Indian government has done not fall behind in recognizing his work and awarded him with Pravasi Bhartiya Samman which is given to Indians who make Indians Proud of their work and conduct in a foreign land. Having said all this great achievements, in my opinion Dr P Mohamed Ali is a star made to shine the brightest.
Ad push encourages broadband subscribers to add new service for free – although just 23,000 new pay-TV subscribers sign up
BT has signed up more than 500,000 households to its new BT Sport channels, which will air live Premier League football from next month – although the majority are existing broadband customers adding the new service for free.
The telecoms company added just 23,000 new pay-TV subscribers in the three months to 30 June.
BT revealed in its results for the three months to the end of June on Thursday that more than 500,000 households have now ordered BT Sport, the channels which launch next Thursday, 1 August, and will air content including Premier League football.
The company admitted that this is "mostly" existing customers who have taken the channels for free as part of renewing their BT broadband contracts. The majority are also taking BT Sport via satellite, so do not count as standalone subscribers to the company's pay-TV service.
BT announced in May that it would offer its sports channels free to customers who take its broadband service as a way of driving up subscriber numbers.
The company will be concerned that the rate of growth of new pay-TV subscribers has slumped by almost 43% – it signed up 40,000 subscribers in the previous quarter – despite running a star-studded multimillion-pound ad campaign to entice new customers to its TV service. It spent about £1bn on the rights to 38 Premier Leagues matches each season.
Rival TalkTalk signed up 160,000 customers to its pay-TV service in the three months to the end of June.
TalkTalk, which maintains that its model proves there is no need to pay hundreds of millions of pounds for expensive sports rights to win customers, is already close to half the size of BT, with 390,000 TV customers despite launching just nine months ago.
BT has a total pay-TV subscriber base of 833,000.
"BT Sport has proved popular with our customers," the company said. "We expect the proportion of new customers to increase after we launch the channels on 1 August," the company said. "The channels aren't live yet and the Premiership season doesn't begin until 17 August, so this is a strong start."
Andrew Hogley, a telecoms analyst at Espirito Santo Investment Bank, said that there was no expectation in the market that BT would add a huge number of new TV customers at this stage.
"On TV we weren't expecting any pick up in adds this quarter, should start to ramp from [BT's] second quarter," said Hogley. "The 550,000 pre-orders for sports [channels] looks OK – we will see what happens next week when ESPN goes off air."
BT said that it has spent £40m on BT Sport's "pre-launch costs" in the quarter, which will include setting up its top-end studio facility in the former broadcasting centre in the Olympic Park in east London.
The telecoms giant added 95,000 broadband customers in the quarter; TalkTalk reported on Wednesday that it managed to sign up 22,000.
Overall, BT reported a 1% fall in revenues to £4.44bn in the quarter, with profit before tax falling 16% to £449m.
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email media@theguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000. If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, seen here posing for a group photo in 2009, longs for a less activist Supreme Court. Photo by Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images
Last week Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Antonin Scalia each grabbed headlines with controversial late-summer comments about the dysfunctions of the current Supreme Court. Speaking to a Montana meeting of the Federalist Society last Monday, Scalia—evidently alluding to the recent marriage equality decisions—opined that “[i]t's not up to the courts to invent new minorities that get special protections.” (There is no transcript of the event, as usual, so we have to rely on contemporaneous newspaper accounts and Twitter reports). Then, in a rare and wide-ranging interview with the New York Times' Adam Liptak later in the week, Ginsburg offered up the view that this past term's Voting Rights Act decision was “stunning in terms of activism,” and that the Roberts court, “if it's measured in terms of readiness to overturn legislation … is one of the most activist courts in history.”
Predictably, the left-wing blogosphere reacted with horror at Scalia's implication that the courts had “invented” a homosexual minority. And equally predictably, the right-wing blogosphere exploded in umbrage at Ginsburg's suggestion that the Roberts court is “activist” and that the Voting Rights Act case was wrongly decided. It's not hard to spot some important parallels between the two free-range justices—the most famous legal frenemies of their time—and their controversial public statements about the Roberts court. Both Scalia and Ginsburg are among the most senior members of the court. Scalia is 77, and Ginsburg is 80. Each is doubtless beginning to feel that there is much they will not accomplish in their remaining time on the bench, and each appears ever more willing to achieve with dissents, speeches, and interviews what can't be done in the four corners of a majority opinion.
More importantly, both seem to be longing for some long-gone judicial era: Ginsburg evidently missing her own activist days as a women's rights litigator, and Scalia missing the Ed Meese Revolution when everyone agreed that judges were utterly useless.
But what's most striking in their comments is how far the court has moved from both of them. Scalia and Ginsburg are arguably the intellectual leaders of the right and left wings of the current court. And each of them is persuaded that the court is absolutely headed in the wrong direction.
It's tempting to suggest, then, based on the recent comments of the two, that it's a wash. If the court's radical liberal bomb-thrower and equally radical conservative firebrand are equally frustrated, maybe the Roberts court is tacking precisely down the middle. That assessment would be precisely wrong. But it is worth a quick comparison of their complaints.
Consider, for a moment, some of Scalia's other recent complaints about the courts. In addition to his accusation that judges are “inventing” minorities to protect, instead of letting the legislative branch do it, he also argued in Montana that the court is exceptionally poorly suited to evaluate the constitutionality of the government's leviathan machinery of eavesdropping. (“Of all the three branches, we are the one that knows the least about the nature of the threats to the country, and we have the least ability to find out about it.”) A few weeks earlier, he invoked the Holocaust in a Colorado speech, to illustrate what happens whenever judges begin to interpret the law in ways that reflected “the spirit of the age.” Shortly before that, he gave a speech in North Carolina, tipping his hand about the outcome in the gay marriage cases by bemoaning the damage done to the constitution by the advent of the “judge moralist.” In Scalia's view—and it's a view he expounds upon with ever more provocative language and color—what's wrong with the current court lies in its effort to do too much. And the too much in question is its effort to answer “moral” questions, as he noted in his North Carolina speech, that have no “scientifically demonstrable right answer.”
At first blush, that sounds an awful lot like Ginsburg's argument. Her principal complaint about the Roberts court is also that it overreaches. Her objection to the Voting Rights Act decision, both as outlined in her dissent and in the Times interview, is that it is “activism” for the court to reach out and strike down legislation that passed by large margins in the Congress. She is not, like Scalia, complaining about the psychological or moral weakness of individual jurists. She is upset by the institutional power grab of a court that overreaches without having a clue what it's doing. Ginsburg has been increasingly vocal in recent years about her colleagues' failure to understand how the real world works. Often when she talks about the Lilly Ledbetter case, or the two employment discrimination cases from this term, she invokes a perceived out-of-touchness in her colleagues, as she did dissent in the Title VII cases where she accused her brethren in the majority of being “blind to the realities of the workplace.” (This was of course the dissent that drove Justice Samuel Alito to some epic eye-rolling on the bench, another highlight of the term Ginsburg discusses with Liptak in her interview).
So while Scalia despairs of judges' capacity to solve inchoate moral dilemmas, Ginsburg despairs of their capacity to understand how the real world operates. Scalia wants judges to stop trying to fix things. Ginsburg wants judges to stop the rest of us from fixing things. In a way, they mirror each other perfectly. Over and above all that, Ginsburg worries that when the courts make a mess of things in the real world, Congress as it now exists lacks the institutional ability to fix it. Scalia is more complicated. He says he would defer to legislative bodies on most things (if gays want to pass a law, they should just do it!) but then rather consistently finds reasons to second-guess Congress whenever it actually does legislate. In other words, he is always apt to defer to the bill that didn't happen, but ready to strike down a bill (like the Affordable Care Act, or the VRA) that did.
Which brings us to how real their respective fears really are. In spring Nathaniel Frank suggested that Scalia's arguments about moral opprobrium and approval in the law have been disproved by time, and also overtaken by history. Whereas Ginsburg's prediction in the Voting Rights Act dissent–that the assumption that the law works and is thus no longer needed “is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet”—has proven prescient, as Richard Hasen recently noted. The speed with which states like Texas and North Carolina sprinted to make voting more difficult in the weeks after the decision suggests that Ginsburg was correct in her assessment: The court badly misread the status quo.
The true nature of their grievances is more subtle, and reflects all the interesting ways in which both Scalia and Ginsburg are of an era that is rapidly coming to an end: Scalia longs for a time in which the courts stayed out of it. Whereas Ginsburg longs for a time in which the court could properly redress social injustices—in matters of race and of gender—with a real-world understanding of how that plays out on the ground. To put it another way, despite the fact that only three years separate them chronologically, Scalia seems to want to reinstate the legal worldview of the 1980s and Ginsburg wants to reinstate that of the 1970s. With the exception of perhaps Clarence Thomas, they are the last two sitting justices who are so completely of another era—in each case an era whose legal hopes were never fully realized. No wonder they're both feeling so frustrated. And no wonder they're both so willing to say it so loudly.
Even in the midst of a $200 million renovation, one of Philips Arena's best qualities is that it sits right next door to a top-notch food court that's located inside CNN Center. Fans can grab a cheap meal and gather with other fans before the game, and it's a fun place to hang out and watch CNN on a giant TV screen, if that's your thing.
Atlanta Hawks center Dewayne Dedmon obviously agrees. Before his teammates got shellacked 105-91 Thursday by the Detroit Pistons, Dedmon was seen picking up dinner at BurgerFi in the CNN Center, completely dressed out in his warm-ups in a picture that was posted to Twitter just minutes before 7 p.m. by WVUA-TV reporter Sam Luther.
(More: Yes, Breslanta has a podcast, and you should listen right now)
Dwyane Dedmon…. a man of the people. Grabbing some Burger Fi before the game tonight like the rest of us common folk @ATLHawks pic.twitter.com/In4G6375xu — Sam Luther (@samluther20) December 14, 2017
The funny yet abnormal scene is no reason to get mad at Dedmon; yes, his team was about to take the court in a half-hour or so for their 28th game of the 2017-18 season, but he has been out since Nov. 25 with a left tibia stress reaction, according to Sporting News. He hasn't been cleared to return to action yet, so why not let the man grab dinner before the game?
Dedmon obviously had no chance blending into the crowd – the 28-year-old stands 7 feet tall, and since he was clearly wearing a full basketball uniform, he was a dead giveaway for a pro basketball player while he stood in line and waited for his burger.
When you're injured on a 6-22 team and the season is basically a throwaway in a long rebuilding effort, you should definitely be allowed to grab a burger whenever you want. Props to Dedmon for taking advantage of the CNN Center's top-notch food court.
Oh, and there's $6 huge beers at TJ's Sandwiches on the other side of the food court, my man.
Hat tip to Jaryd Wilson
Back to home page
Advertisements
In 19 playoff games with Grand Rapids, Coreau was 15-4 with a goals-against average of 2.84 and a save percentage of .909.
If Coreau wanted to spend his short offseason resting on his Calder Cup laurels and soaking up the adulation of the Griffins' faithful, it would be easy to understand why, especially after a so-so performance when he was called up by the Red Wings last season.
Coreau was in a good place after winning the Calder Cup, but he wasn't satisfied.
"I made some changes to my diet. I went vegetarian or maybe pescatarian would be the right term," Coreau told reporters about how he spent his summer vacation. "I still eat some fish and eggs but I wanted to lose a bit more weight, especially going late into third periods. I wanted to be a bit of lighter and conserve more energy.
"I changed my trainer as well, it's a little more individualized for what I needed and I was back with my goalie coach in Ottawa, Andrew Mercer. I've been with him for 14 years now."
His new diet and training routine have made Coreau feel different, but he stressed he didn't make the change because he felt fatigued or out of shape.
"It's hard to say I have more energy. I think my energy's more consistent," Coreau said. "My endurance is much better. I found when I was eating meat I'd have some really high peaks in my workouts or skates but I'd also have some valleys.
"So, I found that this just kept me at a consistent level."
When he decided to make a change, Coreau did his own research and devised his own diet. He had heard that a meatless diet may make it difficult to keep the proper amounts of nutrients in his body, but he said that really is not an issue.
"Everyone was concerned about (me) not eating meat but there's enough iron and energy you get from kale, spinach, black beans, chickpeas, stuff like that. It's really good," Coreau said. "I'll have a cheat meal once a week and sometimes I'll just mix in maybe an extra lean cheeseburger minus the cheese."
His goal is to obviously to make the Red Wings right out of training camp. He concedes nothing, though the odds appear to be stacked against him, with the Wings having Jimmy Howard and Petr Mrazek ahead of him on the depth chart.
"(I'm) Coming in here to make the team. That's the mentality I think I've had every year but this year it could become a reality," Coreau said. "I have to do what I can every day and work hard and when exhibition game opportunities come, I need to capitalize on them."
When Coreau was reminded if he doesn't make the Wings out of camp, he'll have to clear waivers to be sent to the Griffins, which means he could end up with another NHL team, most likely as their backup goalie.
"I don't like the term backup," Coreau said. "Goalies in pro hockey or any level, the starter or the backup partner, they both play. Even if you are slotted as the backup guy, you're still slotted to play 20-25, maybe 30 games.
"When you're not playing, you just need to find a way to be positive all the time and guys will see that and feed off that. It's just a different way of thinking about the games that come. I think it's easy to get frustrated when you don't play five, six, seven games in a row.
"So, preparing as if you're playing, it keeps you sharp, it keeps you mentally ready for when you do get the opportunity to play."
It's that mindset that keeps Coreau motivated to seize the moment. Each opportunity he gets in Detroit's net could elevate him in the goalie mix, he definitely doesn't want to be thought of as the Wings' number three goalie.
"Certainly, you could think about it like that (being a secure number three guy)," Coreau said. "My goal is to be a one or two eventually…right? Some guys can become content being a No. 3, but I don't want to be that guy."
Uber asks relevant authorities to investigate claims, and denies it has fallen victim to security breach
It has been reported Uber accounts are being sold for $1 on the 'dark web'
Other users in the U.S. claim they have been charged for trips in London
British customers have reported their accounts being used in U.S. cities
U.S. authorities are looking into how British users of Uber have had taxi trips in the U.S. charged to their account
U.S. authorities have launched an investigation into reports that British and U.S. users of taxi app Uber are being charged for 'phantom' rides they never took.
In recent months, customers in the U.S. claim to have been charged for trips through London, while British users say their accounts are being used in the U.S.
The Guardian reported the agencies have now launched a probe into their claims after Uber asked authorities to investigate.
Among those to claim to have been victim of the scam is Anthea Turner. The TV presenter tweeted to Uber 'account has been hacked nothing to help me on website – this is ridiculous'.
Some users have reportedly had hundreds or even thousands of pounds taken from their accounts.
Last month Uber denied that it had suffered a security breach - but has promised to reimburse all customers who have been charged for journeys that they did not book or take.
Today a spokesman for Uber told MailOnline the company itself was not being investigated, but it had asked the relevant authorities to look into the issue.
The complaints on Twitter are coming from users across the globe including the States and France.
Record producer Mick Crossley told The Standard he had been hit with a bill for £3,000 for 142 journeys. He said he did not receive notification that the journeys had been booked because someone had changed his contact email address on his account as well.
Some customers have also vented their fury at their inability to get hold of someone at Uber to report the situation to.
The website does not contain a telephone number, only an email function for enquiries.
Anthea Turner was one user who appeared to have struggled to get through to the minicab sharing company.
She tweeted that she couldn't even change her account details because her login details had been changed by someone. Then after appearing to have tried to get a phone number for them, tweeted Uber saying 'your email is saying not valid and the number from 118 500 is not ringing through. Do you exist?'
Last month a spokesperson for Uber categorically denied that there had been a breach at Uber, confirming they were 100 per cent sure that their system had not been compromised.
'We take any issue of this nature very seriously and after investigating have found no evidence of a breach at Uber,' an Uber spokesperson said. 'Attempting to fraudulently access and use Uber accounts is illegal and we notify the authorities about such activity.'
However they admitted that there have been a number of users reporting that their accounts had been used by other people to book journeys.
They said they were still investigating the cause, but that the most likely explanation is that there had been a data breach on another e-commerce website.
Since people often use the same usernames and passwords across several online accounts, fraudsters have attempted to use the data hacked from another site to access Uber accounts.
Re­pub­lic­ans are risk­ing the next Todd Akin to go on the of­fens­ive on abor­tion.
After their failed 2012 bid to re­take the Sen­ate, Re­pub­lic­ans vowed to talk about Obama­care, jobs, and the eco­nomy — and to keep abor­tion out of the spot­light. It's easy to see why. Talk­ing about abor­tion doomed Re­pub­lic­an runs in two states: Mis­souri, where Akin's “le­git­im­ate rape” ver­biage ig­nited a na­tion­al firestorm; and In­di­ana, where can­did­ate Richard Mour­dock sealed his fate with con­tro­ver­sial com­ments about rape and preg­nancy.
And so while Re­pub­lic­an-led state le­gis­latures have worked ag­gress­ively — and suc­cess­fully — to push state-level abor­tion re­stric­tions, the na­tion­al party has pre­ferred to fo­cus its rhet­or­ic else­where.
2014 isn't 2012, however, and na­tion­al Re­pub­lic­ans are now wad­ing back in­to the fray. But this time, they hope to talk about the is­sue in a way that paints their op­pon­ents — rather than their can­did­ates — as the ex­trem­ists.
With a com­plete over­turn­ing of Roe v. Wade un­likely, Re­pub­lic­ans' mes­saging shift aims to high­light some of the more con­ten­tious as­pects of abor­tion, in a bid to ap­pear mod­er­ate on the is­sue, and to de­pict Demo­crats' po­s­i­tion as ex­treme and harm­ful to wo­men and young people — two groups the GOP has struggled to hold.
“Pro-life can­did­ates should be mak­ing voters un­der­stand that their op­pon­ent who has a pro-choice po­s­i­tion prob­ably wants to use tax­pay­er money for abor­tions, would sup­port late-term abor­tions, and does not think par­ents should be in­volved,” says Car­ol To­bi­as, pres­id­ent of Na­tion­al Right to Life. “They are the can­did­ates that are out of step with the voters.”
To en­cour­age Re­pub­lic­ans to frame the is­sue this way, the Re­pub­lic­an Na­tion­al Com­mit­tee is in­tro­du­cing a res­ol­u­tion at its meet­ing this week that cites pub­lic polling on some of these lim­it­a­tions. The au­thors call on GOP can­did­ates to “re­ject a strategy of si­lence” and fight back against what they call the Demo­crats' “de­cept­ive rhet­or­ic” that is “de­mon­iz­ing them and ma­nip­u­lat­ing voters.”
And Re­pub­lic­an lead­er­ship is de­clar­ing abor­tion an im­port­ant fight to have this cycle. “I can make this prom­ise,” Ma­jor­ity Lead­er Eric Can­tor said in a ser­mon-like speech at the March for Life rally Wed­nes­day. “The people's House will stand for life.”
Can­tor an­nounced that the House will vote on the No Tax­pay­er Fund­ing for Abor­tion Act next week, which would pro­hib­it Obama­care sub­sidies from go­ing to any health plans that in­clude abor­tion cov­er­age. Al­though the law pro­hib­its the tax cred­its from go­ing to abor­tions spe­cific­ally, the fact that ex­change plans of­fer­ing abor­tion ser­vices can re­ceive this fund­ing has giv­en House Re­pub­lic­ans an­oth­er av­en­ue of at­tack.
Abor­tion-rights sup­port­ers ar­gue that this bill is not where law­makers should be spend­ing their time.
“It's of­fens­ive to the Amer­ic­an people that when we're fa­cing so many genu­ine needs in this coun­try, that this is the first thing they're do­ing — that takes up time and en­ergy and tax­pay­er fund­ing and is not aligned with the pri­or­it­ies of Amer­ic­an voters and not go­ing any­where — rather than have an hon­est con­ver­sa­tion about what mat­ters to wo­men,” says Ilyse Hogue, pres­id­ent of NARAL Pro-Choice Amer­ica. Hogue names ac­cess to fam­ily plan­ning and paid leave as im­port­ant is­sues to fo­cus on.
However, the GOP mes­saging strategy on abor­tion aims to put Demo­crats on the de­fens­ive by sug­gest­ing they are ac­tu­ally the ones wa­ging the war.
“This war on wo­men has wrongly been called; the real war today is ac­tu­ally the war on moth­er­hood,” March for Life Pres­id­ent Jeanne Mo­n­ahan said at the rally. “Abor­tion is an­ti­wo­man. It's an­ti­fam­ily, it's an­ti­man, it's ob­vi­ously anti-baby. Not only does it suck out the life of the baby, but it hurts mom, phys­ic­ally and emo­tion­ally.”
The March for Life this year em­phas­ized ad­op­tion as the mor­al al­tern­at­ive to abor­tion. The rally high­lighted fe­male speak­ers, from politi­cians to stu­dents to an OB/GYN. One wo­man spoke with deep re­gret about her own abor­tion years earli­er.
The RNC will in­creas­ingly use fe­male mes­sen­gers to dis­cuss the party's po­s­i­tion on abor­tion as well, ac­cord­ing to Kirsten Kukowski, a spokes­wo­man for the com­mit­tee.
“Ex­treme ideas com­ing out of a wo­man's mouth doesn't make them less ex­treme,” says Hogue, who ar­gues that the GOP's fo­cus on abor­tion is a bad strategy for win­ning elec­tions or gov­ern­ing the coun­try. “This is still sig­ni­fic­antly out of the main­stream of what Amer­ic­an voters are look­ing for.”
For Demo­crats, it's dif­fi­cult to un­der­stand why the GOP would be em­phas­iz­ing an is­sue that ul­ti­mately cost the party two Sen­ate seats in the last cycle, but for many Re­pub­lic­ans it is too im­port­ant to ig­nore.
“There is a sig­ni­fic­ant por­tion of the Re­pub­lic­an base that holds pro­tect­ing in­no­cent life as the most im­port­ant is­sue,” says Rep. Trent Franks of Ari­zona, who in­tro­duced a bill earli­er this year that would ban all abor­tions after 20 weeks. “In terms of an is­sue that cer­tainly is the best pos­sible kind of is­sue for our party, the idea that we would not take hard-earned tax­pay­er dol­lars in a time of fisc­al crisis and spend­ing it on the tak­ing the lives of in­no­cent, un­born chil­dren — that doesn't seem like a hard case to make to me. So to sug­gest that some­how this is bad for us polit­ic­ally is just an ef­fort on the oth­er side to in­ject whatever res­ist­ance they can in­to a de­bate they can­not pos­sibly win on the mer­its.”
Of course, de­vo­tion to the cause is one thing, polit­ic­al strategy is an­oth­er, and wad­ing deep­er in­to is­sues of wo­men's re­pro­duct­ive rights ahead of midterm elec­tions is def­in­itely risky for the GOP. Yet To­bi­as says she is con­fid­ent that can­did­ates will re­ceive train­ing and talk­ing points on the is­sue, to avoid an­oth­er Akin-like de­bacle.
“The party plat­form for 30 years or more has been very strongly pro-life,” she says. “This is a way to en­cour­age the pro-life base to work even harder.”
Scientists have discovered an antibody that can neutralize 98 percent of HIV strains.
The strength and dynamism of the antibody - known as N6 - means it could be developed and re-purposed to treat and prevent HIV infections.
Remarkably, the research team at the US National Institutes of Health have found N6 can neutralize 16 of the 20 strains which have so far resisted all kinds of medication.
It is the most promising discovery to date after decades of failed attempts to neutralize the virus, which rapidly changes its surface proteins to evade recognition.
The strength and dynamism of the antibody - known as N6 - means it could be developed and re-purposed to treat and prevent HIV infections
The last time HIV researchers made such a strong leap in the field was in 2010, with the discovery of an antibody called VRC01.
VRCO1 can stop up to 90 percent of HIV strains from infecting human cells.
It works in the same way as N6: both block the virus by binding to a part of the HIV enveloped called the CD4 binding site.
This prevents the virus from attaching itself to immune cells.
However, N6 can better tolerate changes in the HIV envelope.
For example, one of the key ways HIV evades the immune system is by gathering and attaching sugars, which tend to loosen the antibody's grip. N6, however, is not affected by this change.
The findings, revealed in a report on Wednesday, have emerged as scientists continue to test N6 as an intravenous infusion in clinical trials to see if it can safely prevent HIV infection in humans.
Due to its potency, N6 may offer stronger and more durable prevention and treatment benefits, and researchers may be able to administer it subcutaneously (into the fat under the skin) rather than intravenously.
Air Costa (LEP, Vijayawada) has announced it has temporarily suspended all flight operations effective immediately.
In a statement issued to the Indian press on Tuesday, February 28, a spokesman said the airline had failed to resolve unspecified “financial issues” with GECAS from which it leases four E190s.
“We are trying to resolve the issue," he was quoted by the PTI News agency. "We are also in advanced stage of talks for fund infusion in the airline."
Services are expected to remain suspended until Wednesday, March 1, at the earliest.
The Indian regional carrier experienced a similar suspension of operations between August 4 and 5 of last year, again over an issue with GECAS.
Using its fleet of Embraer Regional Jets, Air Costa connects Ahmedabad, Bangalore Int'l, Chennai, Hyderabad Int'l, Tirupati, Jaipur, Vijayawada, and Vishakhapatnam.
Early numbers on voter turnout suggest that youth and first-time voters played a role in the outcome of this election. More than 70,000 people, mostly youth, registered and voted at advance polling stations set-up at offices on campuses and community centres across the country.
Elections Canada set up advance polling stations on the second floor of the Ryerson Student Centre at Ryerson University in Toronto. Opening polling stations on university campuses is a great way to boost the youth vote, several students said. Under the pilot project, conducted by Election Canada, voters have been casting ballots at more than three dozen campuses across the country. ( Marta Iwanek / CP )
The four-day pilot project was created by Elections Canada to make it easier for youth to vote. “Elections Canada's goal is to ensure that every Canadian who wishes to cast a ballot has an opportunity to do so,” said chief electoral officer Marc Mayrand in a press release. “I am pleased that our pilot project was so successful.” It was clear from the start that getting youth to show up at the polls was a top priority, especially for the slew of anti-Harper campaigns that asked for youth to vote for “anyone but the Conservatives.”
Article Continued Below
Indie artists such as Grimes, Yukon Blonde and Hey Rosetta! offered up protest songs and free concerts to entice youth to vote. Raffi Cavoukian, the children's music folk artist who serenaded many millennials with Baby Beluga when they were just tots, urged his now-grown fans to head to the polls on his Twitter and Facebook accounts. His election song “I Want My Canada Back!” got more than 250,000 views on Facebook and YouTube.
Social media played a huge role in the election campaign in general; voting selfies and election hashtags kept the election front and centre for thousands of people online. Twitter reported that there were more than 770,000 election-related tweets on Election Day, including some 470,000-odd that used the hashtag #elxn42. Voting selfies, pictures of voters outside polling stations, became a trend, and about 400 people shared them on Twitter using the hashtags #votingselfie or #electionselfie. Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau outpaced his competition on Twitter on Election Day as well; there were more than 150,000 tweets to @justintrudeau, whereas Conservative Leader Stephen Harper's account @pmharper only got 68,385. NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair was a distant third, with 21,602 tweets to @thomasmulcair.
And data shows that new voters, including youth, played a key role in electing the Liberal Party. There were 17,559,353 ballots cast in 2015 during the election this year (not including those who registered on Election Day), compared to 14,823,408 ballots in 2011. In 2011, the Liberals got only 2,783,076 votes. This time, they got 6,930,136 votes, about two-and-a-half times what they got last election. The NDP, Conservative Party and Bloc Quebecois all had fewer votes this time around. Only the Green Party managed to increase its turnout, by about 33,000 votes, which was a 6 per cent increase. The Conservatives lost 235,000 votes, a 4 per cent decline since 2011.
Read more about:
[The scientist HANK PYM, also known as ANT-MAN, the superhero with the ability to shrink to tiny sizes and also communicate with ants, sits beside his phone in his studio apartment.]
They'll call. They HAVE to call. I just need to make sure I'm here, by the phone, and then they'll call, because they need me. They need my skills. They'll call. They called Iron Man, Thor, Captain America and the Hulk. I'm sure I'm next. I'm a founding member of the Avengers, for Christ's sake.
Collider.com
"Hey, Janet? Honey? Nick Fury didn't call while I was in the bathroom earlier, right? Like maybe he called while I was in the bathroom because he wanted me to join the Avengers and save the day but you forgot to tell me? No? OK ... OK."
That's OK, Hank. Know why? Because they'll call. Aliens have been attacking the city all day. It's only a matter of time before they call, I can feel it. I can feel it. Just be patient.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
...
I wonder if the phone's even working.
[Sound of functioning dial tone.]
Nope. Phone works. I guess it must- OH SHIT!
"Janet? Honey? Do we have call waiting? I'm just asking because I picked up the phone to see if it was working, and I'm worried that when I picked it up, maybe Tony Stark was calling at that exact moment, and maybe if he got a busy signal he was like 'Oh, well I guess Ant-Man is busy and doesn't want to help us save the world' so maybe he hung up. Because he got a busy signal. So I'm thinking if we don't have call waiting, then I should probably just call him, right? I should just call Tony Stark and ask if he needs me and ... Oh. We do have call waiting. OK ... OK."
I should really call him anyway. I mean, why wouldn't they need me? I know we're fighting aliens, but surely they could use someone who can get just, like, SUPER fucking tiny, right? And I control all of the ants in the WORLD. When is that NOT useful? Maybe I should just send an army of ants to go mess up Captain America's shit. He wasn't even a founding member, but HE got the call. Bullshit. Maybe some ANTS will ruin his day. How about a hundred ants in your American flag BOOTS, Captain America? How about that? Haha. Yeah. You'd hate that. I wonder if- Oh, shit, a text!
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
"Janet, babe, stay by the main phone, I'm getting a text on my cell, this is probably it. This is almost DEFINITELY going to be a call from Thor or Captain America asking me to join the Avengers and-"
A very disturbing picture is emerging of the lengths the oil industry will go to to protect their own interests. We recently learned that BP lied extensively about the environmental and human impact of their oil spill along the Gulf Coast and it was disturbing to say the least. Now, a similar story is emerging from Arkansas; this time it is ExxonMobil at the center of the controversy but the story is much the same.
On March 29th the people of Mayflower, Arkansas awoke to news that an Exxon-owned pipeline had ruptured, spilling roughly 10,000 barrels of oil onto the streets and into the swamps of the town. As a result of the spill, authorities had to evacuate 22 homes in the Northwoods subdivision where the spill occurred, but other areas, as close as 300 yards away from the spill, were told it was safe to stay home. Now those people outside of the evacuation zones are suffering serious, serious illnesses and, consequently, are suing Exxon for ignoring their problems and lying about the safety of the air they've been breathing.
While ExxonMobil continues to assure people that the air is perfectly safe, residents and testing results tell a completely different story. At a May 29th town hall meeting organized by Faulkner County Citizens Advisory Group, residents spoke out about the problems they faced as a result of the oil spill. They complained about headaches, nausea, breathing problems; some are now using inhalers for the first time in their lives. A local elementary school had to send eight students home after the children fell ill. The school was outside of the evacuation zone and deemed safe, therefore it never closed after the spill. No bog deal, right? They're only kids and surely kids can handle a few deadly chemicals.
One woman, Ann Jarrell, spoke of the irony that her bees were moved a safe distance away but she was not.
Ann Jarrell said she was at home with her daughter and her three-month-old grandchild when the spill occurred. Once they smelled the oil, Jarrell's daughter said they should leave. Jarrell called the Mayflower Police Department and was told she did not have to evacuate. “'That smell is just put in there so we know if the pipe breaks or something,'” she said she was told. “So we stayed.” She is a beekeeper and a couple days after the spill she went to check on her two hives when she found the front porch of the hives covered in dead, oil-covered bees. “I called the state plant board and they did an emergency evacuation of my bees,” she said. “I stayed there, but my bees got moved to a safe distance away.”
An independent study conducted by the Faulkner County Citizens Advisory Board and Community Monitor found 30 toxic chemicals in the air at the site and in the surrounding areas. The air samples contained chemicals such as benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene, n-hexane and xylenes. Benzene and ethylbenzene are cancer-causing chemicals. Breathing n-hexene can cause permanent damage to the nervous system and numbness in the genital regions, muscular weakness, blurred vision, and headaches. Seven of the chemicals found are regulated under the 1990 Federal Clean Air Act amendments as the most toxic of all known airborne chemicals.
So obviously the area was unsafe for people, yet Exxon did absolutely nothing to warn people of the danger. That sounds mighty familiar. The oil pipeline that ruptured carries Canadian tar sands from Illinois to Texas and environmentalists warn that it is a preview of what is to come if the Keystone XL pipeline is approved. If that is the case, people should be very, very worried. This recent oil spill puts an extra big spotlight on the fact that the oil industry is not above lying to protect themselves. BP did it and now Exxon is doing it.
Republicans think that the pipeline from Canada and more drilling along the Gulf is good business and are lobbying heavily for these projects to be approved. There is no doubt they would be good business and, hey, they might even provide jobs… but at what cost? The cost of more sick people and kids? The cost of huge environmental impacts like we saw along the Gulf? That's not a worthy price to pay and people need to wake up. This will continue to happen over and over and over again as the oil industry gains more power over our lives and, yes, they have lots of power over us. BP had to pay the biggest fine in U.S. history and still that fine only equaled one-quarter of their profits. So really, what do they have to worry about? The people of this country are the ones who are paying.
Let's wish the people in Arkansas the same luck we are wishing the people along the Gulf Coast; hopefully they are all compensated for the oil industry's bad business practices. They will certainly need it to pay for all of the huge medical bills they have and are likely on the horizon.
I know it's early, but I have a sinking feeling the Republican Party is taking all the wrong lessons from last week's election. Short term, that's a boon for Democrats. Long term, it's a problem for the country.
The GOP should be listening to reasonable voices such as that of Newt Gingrich. Yes, I used the words “reasonable” and “Gingrich” in the same sentence. He has occasional moments of lucidity, and one came on the “Today” show when he said Republicans “need to stop, take a deep breath and learn.”
“I was wrong last week, as was virtually every major Republican analyst,” Gingrich said. “And so, you have to stop and say to yourself, ‘If I was that far off, what do I need to learn to better understand America?'”
The voices the party should ignore include those claiming that House Republicans, by retaining their majority, won some sort of mandate to continue pushing a radical conservative agenda. And yes, Gingrich has made this argument as well. The fog lifts, the fog descends.
A mandate for the GOP? Don't make me hurt myself laughing. The ideological hero and policy guru of the House Republican caucus, Paul Ryan, couldn't even carry his home town of Janesville, Wis. (And Mitt Romney, by the way, lost all of his various home states.)
Look, President Obama won 332 electoral votes to 206 for Romney. Much has been written about the demographic shifts that threaten the GOP's future, but there has been less acknowledgment of an obvious fact about the present: Voters preferred Obama's policies to Romney's.
Obama campaigned on a pledge not to extend the Bush tax cuts for households making more than $250,000. He said umpteen times that he will insist on a “balanced approach” to taming the deficit, involving new revenue as well as spending cuts. At this point, if you woke the president from a sound sleep in the middle of the night and thrust a microphone in his face, the first words out of his mouth might be “balanced approach.”
Polls show this is what voters want. The election proved this is what voters want. But I fear some Republicans are convincing themselves that their “mandate” requires further obstructionism of the kind we've seen in the last two years. House Speaker John Boehner may want to make a deal, but his caucus may not let him.
Some conservatives even seem tempted to listen to the delusional postgame analysis coming from Romney and Ryan. This is the way to ridicule and ruin.
Ryan said the problem was that he and Romney lost by big margins in “urban” areas — which I take as a synonym for “places where minorities live.” But Republicans always lose in the inner cities. It's the vote-heavy suburbs, such as Virginia's Fairfax County, where Romney and Ryan failed to connect.
Romney, in a conference call with big-money supporters, offered a variation on his “47 percent” hypothesis, which really does seem to be the way this benighted man sees the world. In Romney's view, Obama won only because he succeeded in bribing specific groups of voters with what amounts to monetary “gifts.”
“With regards to the young people, for instance, a forgiveness of college loan interest was a big gift,” Romney said, according to the New York Times. “Free contraceptives were very big with young, college-aged women.”
And as for Obamacare: “You can imagine for somebody making $25,000 or $30,000 or $35,000 a year, being told you're now going to get free health care, particularly if you don't have it, getting free health care worth, what, $10,000 per family, in perpetuity — I mean, this is huge. Likewise with Hispanic voters, free health care was a big plus.”
It doesn't occur to Romney that Republicans might have countered this alleged gift-giving with a health-care reform plan of their own, other than “go to the emergency room.” If the GOP is really this obtuse, Democrats may win the next few elections without having to break a sweat. And that's the danger I hope we avoid.
Don't get me wrong: I want progressive candidates to win those elections. But parties without meaningful competition become flabby, lazy, unresponsive. Democratic candidates shouldn't win by default, and neither should progressive ideas. A smart, creative, reality-based conservative movement is ultimately good for the liberal cause — and good for the country.
Step out of the echo chamber, Republicans. There's a big country out there, and it's trying to tell you something. For the sake of party and nation, try listening.
eugenerobinson@washpost.com
A report published Monday by the U.K. think tank Policy Exchange has answers—some predictable, some unexpected. First off, it's fair to note that London has made headway in cutting some emissions. The city's particulate-matter (PM) pollution has dropped below EU safe levels, and sulfur-dioxide levels have plummeted. With NO2, however, there's been little or no progress. Culprit number one is the huge uptick in the number of diesel-fueled vehicles on U.K. roads. As the report notes, in 1994 they made up just 7 percent of the entire U.K. fleet. Today, they represent 36 percent.
Ironically, environmental concerns have in part caused this spike. Included in a lower car-tax band, diesel vehicles have been favored by the U.K. government due to their lower CO2 emissions and greater fuel efficiency. This favoritism unfortunately overlooked their considerably higher NO2 and PM emissions. Diesel cars have also lagged behind gas-run cars in emission improvements and, the report states, performed worse on the roads than they have in tests:
The tests are currently performed in laboratory conditions, and it has been argued that they do not adequately represent real-world driving conditions—particularly urban driving conditions. The test cycle is “unrealistic and undemanding,” with cars able to accelerate slowly under relatively low engine loads, and therefore fails to represent real-world driving.
The pollution such vehicles create can be clearly linked to London's high NO2 level, 45 percent of which comes from vehicles. Gas combustion (separated into domestic and non-domestic categories), non-road mobile machinery, industry, rail, and aviation also play a role, but none of these sectors' pollution portions exceed 13 percent of the total. If London is going to clean up its air, it's going to have to push for a root-and-branch low-emissions overhaul of its vehicle fleet.
Thankfully, London already has a plan to do just that, at least in its most polluted sections, and albeit quite far into the future. In September 2020, London's congestion-charge zone will also become an Ultra-Low Emissions Zone where high-emissions vehicles will have to pay a charge to enter. The scheme is expected to cut central London's NOx (the combined term for the pollutants nitric oxide and nitrogen dioxide) and PM levels by half. If London's current pollution problem seems bleak, its pall should lighten considerably in the future.
Within this proposed zone, however, the pollution picture is a little more complex than in the city as a whole. At 48 percent of the total, NO2 emissions from vehicles here are even higher than elsewhere, but there's also another major player in the pollution problem: Non-domestic gas combustion now contributes a hardly inconsiderable 33 percent of central London's NO2 emissions.
For the first time since 2001, Apple's annual revenue has declined year over year, falling from $233.7 billion in 2015 to $215.6 billion in the 2016 fiscal year. That 7.7 percent decline marks the first annual revenue drop since 2001, largely due to the continued decline in iPhone sales, down 5 percent year over year.
It's clear Apple has its work cut out for it to right the fiscal ship — and it's likely that it will happen given the expectations for next year's iPhone — but right now it's unclear how long that will take. The bulk of iPhone 7 sales will hit in the next quarter, and while another monster first quarter is expected from Apple, it's unclear if this phone will be able to maintain sales like previous iPhones have. The combination of a familiar design in its third year plus the expectations of a radical rethinking of the world's most popular smartphone could have a negative effect on fiscal year 2017 as consumers wait until next fall when Apple's 10th anniversary iPhone is unveiled.
The 9 percent decline marks the first annual revenue drop since 2001, largely due to the continued decline in iPhone sales
iPad sales are also down from last year (6 percent) and Mac sales took a huge hit (down 14 percent) after a strong 2015, thanks to a lack of serious hardware updates which looks like it's about to change. The one bright spot for Apple is Services, which includes iCloud, iTunes, and Apple Music. Services grew 24 percent year over year, and shows that Apple's attempts to boost its Services division as hardware tapers off is working. With $24.3 billion in revenue this fiscal year, Services has cemented itself as Apple's second biggest revenue driver, outpacing the iPad. But despite that growth Services still only makes up 11 percent of Apple's annual revenue — the only thing that can turn Apple's revenue boat around is the iPhone.
2017 is going to be an interesting year for Apple. Unlike other years in the past, the company is reportedly preparing its biggest hardware update ever to its most crucial product and everyone knows it. This time around there's not just an assumption that the next iPhone will be better than the current one, there's an expectation that it will blow us away. How that mindset will effect sales moving forward is still anyone's guess. But Apple's ability to convince consumers that next spring and summer they should buy an iPhone 7 and not hold out a few more months for next fall's refresh will be put to the the test more than it ever has before.
Update: October 26th, 12:30PM ET: Apple's annual revenue decline was 7.7 percent, not 9 percent. The post has been updated accordingly.
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus review
Megan on Democracy Now!
In an interview with Democracy Now, Raw Story's Executive Editor Megan Carpentier and former Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson talked about the Republican Party's ever-shifting position to the right on women's issues, despite Ann Romney's “soft” appeal to women voters.
Anderson said he used to view Romney as someone more in the center. “Well, I supported Mitt Romney because he was a very moderate, reasonable person running for governor of Massachusetts. He never could have won that race had he not been that kind of moderate,” he said. “You know, when you hear Ann Romney say you can trust Mitt Romney, who can trust a man who changes his position on fundamental issues on a dime, who decides to run for president of the United States, and all of a sudden he goes from pro-choice to anti-choice, whose wife has MS and objects to stem cell research?”
Carpentier reinforced that Ann Romney's appeal to women voters may not be enough to bring around voters, especially since Romney is already hopelessly behind among women voters.
“I think Ann Romney's speech about love and Mitt as a family man was clearly designed to appeal to a certain kind of stereotype of women, you know, the soccer mom, the soft, you know, it's not really about the issues, it's about the man himself,” Carpentier said. “And I'm sure there are women voters for whom that's important, but we're talking about an election cycle and a two-year period where everything from women's contraceptive access to reproductive rights to equal pay has sort of been put on the table by the Republican Party, and women don't just care if Mitt Romney is a good father.”
“I mean, obviously, she didn't write the speech, and obviously that's what his advisers think women want to hear, is that he's a nice guy. And, you know, that's, I think, kind of insulting,” Carpentier added.
According to a recent CBS News poll, Obama leads Romney among women voters, 50 percent to 42 percent.
La décision du tribunal de grande instance est claire. Elle "ordonne à la société Orange, à la société Bouygues Telecom, à la société Free, à la société SFR de mettre en œuvre [...] toutes mesures propres à empêcher l'accès, à partir du territoire français" au site thepiratebay.se et à tous ses sites de redirection et sites miroirs répertoriés. Concrètement, les FAI vont donc devoir entreprendre un blocage actif des 18 URL du site (en .net, .org, etc.), des 3 URL de sites miroirs connus et de 49 proxies permettant d'accéder au site. Et ce "sans délai et au plus tard dans les quinze jours à compter de la signification de la présente décision".La SCPP, qui défend les intérêts des producteurs de musique — dont les majors que sont Sony, Universal et Warner —, dit bien évidemment se réjouir de cette décision , qui, selon elle, "constitue une nouvelle étape dans la lutte contre la piraterie musicale et vient renforcer les décisions similaires déjà existantes dans l'Union Européenne et à travers le monde". Les esprits critiques, néanmoins, ne partageront pas tous ce point de vue. Outre les limitations d'un tel dispositif, qui pourra toujours être contourné par les internautes aguerris, cette décision fait surtout le lit d'autres actions similaires qui pourraient être initiées. Or il n'est pas établi que cette stratégie de blocage pur et simple, qui fait disparaître les liens illégaux comme leurs homologues parfaitement licites, soit réellement constructive. Outre-Manche, par exemple, le blocage de The Pirate Bay a surtout abouti à un élan de sympathie envers le site.Mais ce n'est pas au TGI de se pencher sur ces questions. Celui-ci a simplement reconnu la légitimité des exigences de la Société civile des producteurs phonographiques au titre de l'article 336-2 du code de la propriété intellectuelle. Celui-ci précise en effet qu'en présence "d'une atteinte à un droit d'auteur ou à un droit voisin occasionnée par le contenu d'un service de communication au public en ligne, le tribunal de grande instance [...] peut ordonner à la demande des titulaires de droits sur les œuvres [...] toutes mesures propres à prévenir ou à faire cesser une telle atteinte à un droit d'auteur ou un droit voisin, à l'encontre de toute personne susceptible de contribuer à y remédier". Les FAI n'ont donc pas vraiment leur mot à dire : ils ne sont que l'outil de défense — ou d'attaque — de la SCPP.
DAMASCUS, SYRIA (2:15 A.M.) – Around midnight, anti-aircraft units of the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) shot down an armed Israeli drone which had conducted numerous sorties in Quneitra province, leading to the death of three SAA soldiers on Friday evening.
The SAA troops were hit by the hostile drone while advancing behind enemy lines near the road between Al-Hamdiyah and Abu Shabta, prompting the Syrian Air Defense Force to open fire and down the Israeli drone over rebel-held territory.
Neither Tel Aviv nor Damascus has responded to the mutual aggression yet. Nevertheless, the two countries remain at a state of war since the Israeli Armed Forces occupied much of the Golan Heights over five decades ago
Last month, the SAA also opened fire on an Israeli drone after destroying one in March while Hezbollah captured one in southern Lebanon on Monday.
UPDATE: The SAA did open fire on the drone but it was not downed and managed to fly back into Israel. The three soldiers were killed on the spot, sources confirm. Al-Masdar News would like to apologize for the initial incorrect reporting.
Advertisements
Arson suspected at Governor's Mansion
The Texas Capitol can be seen in the background, with the devastated Governor's Mansion in the foreground, after arson destroyed the building Sunday in Austin. Bob Daemmrich : bob@bobphoto.com The Texas Capitol can be seen in the background, with the devastated Governor's Mansion in the foreground, after arson destroyed the building Sunday in Austin. Bob Daemmrich : bob@bobphoto.com Photo: Bob Daemmrich, For The Chronicle Photo: Bob Daemmrich, For The Chronicle Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Arson suspected at Governor's Mansion 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
AUSTIN — An early morning fire at the Governor's Mansion today was intentionally set, a state fire investigator said.
State Fire Marshal Paul Maldonado declined to discuss further details but said there was no indication the fire was intended as a direct threat to Gov. Rick Perry.
No one was in the building, which has been closed several months for renovation, when the fire broke out. The governor has been living in a rented house in suburban Austin since last fall.
He and his wife, Anita, are in Stockholm, Sweden, finishing up a weeklong, trade-related trip to Europe.
The fire, discovered by security officers about 1:45 a.m., was under control by 6:30 a.m., but there were still hot spots in the building. Flames broke through a portion of the roof about 9:30 a.m. but were quickly extinguished.
The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms was assisting the state Fire Marshal's office in the investigation. Maldonado indicated security cameras posted around the building were helpful to investigators.
But officials declined to discuss more details, including how an arsonist might have gone undetected by Department of Public Safety troopers assigned to secure the building and its grounds.
Damage to the 152-year-old historic structure is "extraordinary, bordering on catastrophic,'' including a partially collapsed roof, said Perry spokesman Robert Black.
Millions of dollars worth of antique furnishings, portraits and other heirlooms had been removed from the mansion and placed in storage before renovation began. But Black said it was impossible to calculate the historic value of the building itself.
He said officials hoped the first floor could be structurally salvaged, but there was more uncertainty about saving the second floor.
Ironically, one of the purposes of the renovation project was to install a sprinkler system in the building, which had none. Before work began, the mansion had a fire alarm system on the first floor but none on the second floor, where the governor and his family lived.
Former Gov. Mark White, who lived in the Mansion from 1983-1986 and took office shortly before a fire heavily damaged the state Capitol, said he was devasted by the latest fire.
"We just must rebuild it,'' he said, urging state officials to use the occasion to fully restore the Mansion to its original structure, much as state government did to the Capitol following the 1983 fire.
Security officers staying on the mansion grounds in a carriage house were alerted by a fire alarm triggered by smoke getting into the air conditioning system on the mansion's first floor, Black said.
The fire quickly spread to the second floor and the ceiling. The problem was compounded by old air shafts and new holes and shafts that had been opened up by workers on the renovation project.
About 100 firefighters responded, and none were injured. At the height of the fire, they were pumping 8,000 gallons of water a minute on the roof from four ladder trucks and other equipment, Austin Fire Department spokesperson Dawn Clopton said.
The Perrys moved out of the mansion last fall into a $9,900 a month rental house to allow for the renovation, a project that was expected to be completed next spring and cost about $10 million.
Among other things, outdated plumbing also is being replaced.
Black said the governor was notified of the fire about 2 a.m. Austin time but planned to conclude his European trip before returning to Austin, as scheduled, on Tuesday.
Perry is scheduled to talk about wind energy at an American Chamber of Commerce event in Stockholm on Monday.
The columns in front of the building were heavily charred, and shrubbery around the building was singed.
clay.robison@chron.com
janet.elliott@chron.com
The Democrats were finally able to get it right, as they kicked off their Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, with a formidable bang for the ages that has been severely lacking in message consistency from the party for years. After yielding to the Republican National Convention a week ago, the Democrats rolled out an all-star lineup that did not disappoint.
One of the big wins for this Democratic convention is the overwhelming presence of women coupled with the nurturing appreciation for a woman's abilities and a woman's rights.
In a very calculated move, the Democrats brought out a stage full of Congressional, Democratic women led by Rep. Nancy Pelosi. Now according to conservatives, the “War on Women” is just a myth, like global warming. But the Democrats were not deterred, as Democratic Congresswoman after Democratic Congresswoman vowed to fight back against the “War on Women,” by using such things as the definition of rape to drive their point home—an issue that was freely given away by clumsy Republicans who just don't know when to keep their mouths shut.
Another great moment was when Lilly Ledbetter came out and told her story of female persecution at the hands of a corrupt, male-dominated system. Ledbetter wowed the crowd with her powerful tone and her emotional pride, and as she continued to tell her story of how she fought back against the testosterone fueled tyranny of the chauvinistic past and present, when women were looked at as nothing more than pre-existing conditions, chefs with curves, or whoopee cushions for a man's pushing.
And as expected, First Lady Michelle Obama gave one of her best speeches to date, as she did a better job at humanizing President Obama than Ann Romney did trying to humanize her husband, presidential candidate Mitt Romney. And like Lilly Ledbetter, Michelle was able to connect with the average Joe and Jane by telling her stories about how her and Barack struggled just like everyone else, as they tried to raise a family together, while trying to make ends meet at the same time—and still manage to find time for each other. In the end, Ann Romney sounded like she was speaking to her walk of life, while Lilly Ledbetter and Michelle Obama are speaking to all walks of life.
And then there was Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick,who literally stole the show with his passionate and inspirational words—delivering the line of the night, which could easily become the line of the entire campaign, as he urged the Democratic Party to grow a “backbone” and fight for the people. Basically, the keynote address was given by San Antonio Mayer Julian Castro, but the keynote moment was delivered by Patrick!
And after closely examining Governor Patrick's performance, one could argue that it shows all of us exactly what the Republicans and the conservatives are so afraid of. The main reason they feel like they must make President Obama a one-term president
is because they are afraid that they will look up one day once Obama is gone from the White House and see Deval Patrick in the presidential, rearview mirror and closing in fast!
So whether it's Deval Patrick or Lilly Ledbetter, the Republican Party had better get used to diversity no matter how long they blindly downplay its existence within their ranks. At some point, the angry, white men who literally drive the engine of the conservative ideology are going to find themselves in a party that is intrinsically defined and permanently locked into that one regressive brand.
And the Republicans have no one else to blame for this but themselves. They can sit around complaining about the debt, and the Bush tax cuts that help to sustain it all they want, but it is the stereotypical imagery of a party for White people so they can be among other White people that strikes the biggest chord, and the Democratic National Convention took full advantage of that from start to finish.
MINEOLA, N. Y.——Lucille Conlin Horn weighed barely 2 pounds when she was born, a perilous size for any infant, especially in 1920. Doctors told her parents to hold off on a funeral for her twin sister who had died at birth, expecting she too would soon be gone. But her life spanned nearly a century after her parents put their faith in a sideshow doctor at Coney Island who put babies on display in incubators to fund his research to keep them alive.
In this July 22, 2015 file photo, Lucille Conlin Horn stands on the boardwalk outside her home in Long Beach, N.Y. Horn, who weighed less than two pounds at birth and wasn't expected to survive, lived nearly a century. She died Feb. 11 at 96. ( Frank Eltman / The Associated Press File Photo )
The Brooklyn-born woman, who later moved to Long Island, died Feb. 11 at age 96, according to the Hungerford & Clark Funeral Home. She had been suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Horn was among thousands of premature babies who were treated in the early 20th century by Dr. Martin Couney. He was a pioneer in the use of incubators who sought acceptance for the technology by showing it off on carnival midways, fairs and other public venues. He never accepted money from the tiny babies' parents but instead charged oglers admission to see the babies struggling for life. Horn and her twin were born prematurely. She said in 2015 that when her sister died, doctors told her father to hold off on a funeral because she wouldn't survive the day.
Article Continued Below
“He said, ‘Well, that's impossible. She's alive now. We have to do something for her,'” Horn said. “My father wrapped me in a towel and took me in a cab to the incubator. I went to Dr. Couney. I stayed with him quite a few days, almost five months.” Couney, who died in 1950 and is viewed today as a pioneer in neonatology, estimated that he successfully kept alive about 7,500 of the 8,500 children who were taken to his “baby farm” at the Coney Island boardwalk. They remained there until the early 1940s, when incubators became widely used in hospitals. He also put infants on display at the World's Fair and other public venues during his career. There's no estimate on how many still are alive today. Horn worked as a crossing guard and then as a legal secretary for her husband. She is survived by three daughters and two sons. She said she met Couney when she was about 19 and thanked him for what he had done. “I've had a good life,” she said in 2015. After a funeral Tuesday, she was buried at the Cemetery of the Evergreens in Brooklyn, next to her twin sister.
So, here's the thing: I am not an expert on disability advocacy, and I am not a great ally to people with disabilities, myself included. Not only do I hold myself to absurd standards to which I'd hold no one else when it comes to my anxiety disorder, but, over the past two years, I've developed an inflammatory disorder (chronic chondritis, affecting cartilage from my ears to my toes) that Iand constantly makebecause I'm so pissed at having a life-limiting physical disability that I pretend I don't have one until I am in so much pain that it literally hurts to breathe.Point is: I don't have a lot of smart things to say about disability, even though (and maybe definitely for sure because) I am a person with disabilities. I'm not happy about that fact, but there it is.I do, however, have a very basic recommendation re: interacting with people with disabilities that I want to share: If your family member, friend, or colleague has a disability,Seriously. That's it. Remember that zie is a person with a disability.(Provided, of course, one is not oneself a person with a disability that affects memory.)I can't emphasize how important remembering is. To have to repeatedly remind someone who ostensibly cares about you that you have a disability is aggravating as hell. More than that, it puts people with disabilities into the awkward position of having to disclose our disabilities over and over (and over and over and over and over), which is tedious and can be humiliating, depending on the circumstances in which one is obliged to disclose personal information we expected you'd remember.Failing to internalize the existence of a family member's, friend's, or colleague's disability also communicates to that person that you don't care enough about them to remember an important aspect of hir life, or simply don't give a fuck about hir disability. Additionally, many invisible disabilities carry with them narratives of "imagined" distress; some even have a history of being classified as psychosomatic disorders (especially if they're disorders found primarily in women). So "forgetting" carries a very real possibility of playing into narratives that suggest the disability isn't "real," or that your family member, friend, or colleague is "pretending" to be disabled.I trust I don't need to explain in any sort of exacting detail what it feels like to be a person with a disability who is accused, explicitly or implicitly, of inventing a disorder. It feels shitty.Failing to remember, thus obliging someone to repeatedly disclose a disability, also risks making that person feel like they're "talking too much" about hir disability, or "complaining." Many people with disabilities have experienced criticism for talking about their disabilities, or have been on the receiving end of exasperation expressed by someone who doesn't want to hear about it, for various reasons ranging from personal discomfort with difficult subjects to naked hostility to people with disabilities.We often struggle to strike a balance between making sure people around us are aware of our disabilities and not playing into perceptions of attention-seeking, and "forgetting" makes finding that balance all the more difficult.There have been all kinds of things written, by very smart people, about being sensitive to people with disabilities, and not saying things like "Hope you feel better soon!" to someone who isn't actually capable of "feeling better," and not recommending remedies or offering medical advice unsolicited, and not comparing your head cold to Sjögren's syndrome, and not making jokes like, "That picture's so sweet I've got diabetes now!", and not using ableist language, and making accommodations for accessibility, etc.Practicing all of those very smart ideas about how to be a reliable ally to people with disabilities starts with the very basic step ofAnd in the moments when you do forget, be honest about that shit. It happens.For the record, "Oh, I always forget because you don'tsick!" isn't a compliment. It's a deflection. And it's a tacit indictment of our failure to meet your stereotypes of disability. That ain't cool.It isn't our job to "look sick." It's your job to remember.
PayPal
The hack emerged in recent days as iPhone, iPad and Mac users took Apple's online support forums to raise the alarm, pointing to an error message that popped up on affected devices saying they had been "hacked by Oleg Pliss".
The error demanded that US$100 be paid to a PayPal account (linked to a Hotmail address) in order to regain access to the affected device, warning that failure to do so would see the device remotely wiped.
However, according to a PayPal Australia spokesperson, the Hotmail account listed in the Oleg Pliss hack was not actually linked to a PayPal account -- making the hack itself even more curious.
Despite this, even if it was linked to a real PayPal account, the company had systems in place to protect hacked customers.
"If money was sent, our customers would be covered thanks to PayPal's Buyer Protection," the spokesperson said.
The spokesperson added that PayPal customers are also protected in Australia by the ePayments Code (regulated by the Australian Security and Investments Commission) which offers "guidelines" for online payments so "if you put the wrong email address or wrong details in, you're covered".
PayPal also reassured those Apple users concerned about a hacker remotely accessing or wiping their device, saying that the company's cloud-based structure ensured "no financial information is stored on your phone" so customer bank details are secure.
The S&P 500 had a great 2013. Up 29.7% - its best performance since 1997. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) ended the year up 26.5% - its best performance since 1995. And this happened as economic growth lowered the unemployment rate to 6.7% in December - the lowest rate in 5 years. Overall, real estate had double-digit price gains, lowering significantly the number of underwater mortgages.
Few Predicted big gains for stocks
If we go back to the beginning of 2013, most Wall Street forecasters were predicting a very different outcome. Long suffering bear Harry Dent predicted a stock crash in 2013 that would last through 2014, and ongoing cratering in real estate values. And bear Gina Martin Adams of Wells Fargo Securities predicted a market decline in 2013, a forecast she clung to and fully supported, despite a rising market, when predicting an imminent crash in September. Morgan Stanley's Adam Parker also predicted a flat 2013 market, as did UBS analyst Jonathan Golub.
How could professionals who are paid so much money, have so many resources and the backing of such outstanding large and qualified institutions be so wrong?
An over-reliance on quantitative analysis, combined with using the wrong assumptions.
The conventional approach to Wall Street forecasting is to use computers to amass enormously complex spreadsheets combining reams of numbers. Computer models are built with thousands of inputs, and tens of millions of data points. Eventually analysts start believing that the sheer size of the models gives them validity. In the analytical equivalent of "mine is bigger than yours" the forecasters rely on their model's complexity and size to self-validate their output and forecasts.
In the end these analysts come up with specific forecast numbers for interest rates, earnings, momentum indicators and multiples (price/earnings being key.) Their faith that the economy and market can be reduced to numbers on spreadsheets leads them to similar faith in their forecasts.
But, numbers are often the route to failure.
In the late 1990s a team of Wall Street traders and Nobel economists became convinced their ability to model the economy and markets gave them a distinct investing advantage. They raised $1billion and formed Long Term Capital (LTC) to invest that money using their complex models. Things worked well for 3 years, and faith in their models grew as they kept investing greater amounts.
But then in 1998 downdrafts in Asian and Russian markets led to a domino impact which cost Long Term Capital $4.6B in losses in just 4 months. LTC lost every dime it ever raised, or made. But worse, the losses were so staggering that LTC's failure threatened the viability of America's financial system. The banks, and economy, were saved only after the Federal Reserve led a bailout financed by 14 of the leading financial institutions of the time.
Assumptions - right or wrong - underly all forecasts
Incorrect assumptions played a major part in how Wall Street missed the market prediction for 2013. All models are based on assumptions. And, as Peter Drucker famously said, "if you get the assumptions wrong everything you do thereafter will be wrong as well" --- regardless how complex and vast the models.
Conventional wisdom holds that conservative economic policies underpin market growth, and that liberal Democratic fiscal policies combined with a liberal federal reserve monetary program would be inflationary and bode poorly for investors, and the economy, in 2013. These deeply held assumptions were, of course, reinforced by a slew of conservative commentators that supported the notion that America was on the brink of runaway inflation and economic collapse from rising debt. The BIAS (Beliefs, Interpretations, Assumptions and Strategies) of the forecasters found reinforcement almost daily from the rhetoric on CNBC, Bloomberg, Fox News and other programs widely watched by businesspeople from Wall Street to Main Street.
From an unconventional source - an unconventional, but accurate, forecast
Interestingly, when Obama was re-elected in 2012 a not-so-well-known investment firm in Columbus, OH - far from Wall Street - took an alternative look at the data when forecasting 2013.
Polaris Financial Partners took a deep dive into the history of how markets perform when led by conservative vs. liberal policies and reached the startling conclusion that Obama's programs, including the Affordable Care Act, would actually spur investment, market growth, jobs and real estate! They had forecast a double digit increase in all major averages for 2012 and extended that same double digit forecast into 2013 - far more optimistic than anyone on Wall Street.
CEO Bob Deitrick and partner Steven Morgan concluded that the millenium's first decade had been lost. Despite pro-business Republican leadership, the eqity markets were, at best, sideways. There were fewer people actually working in 2008 than in 2000; a net decrease in jobs. After a near-collapse in the banking system, due to deregulated computer-model based trading in complex derivatives, real estate and equity prices had collapsed.
"Fourteen years of stock market gains were wiped out in 17 months from October, 2007 to March, 2009" lamented Deitrick.
Re-analyzing history looking closely at context as well as actions
Polaris Partners concluded the situation was eerily similar to the 1920s at the end of Hoover's administration. A situation which was eventually resolved via Keynesian policies of debt-financed increased fiscal spending while interest rates were low, and federal reserve intervention to both expand the money supply and increase the velocity of money under Republican Fed chief Marriner Eccles.
Further, while most people conventionally think that tax cuts led to economic growth during the Reagan administration, Polaris Financial turned that assumption upside down and put the biggest positive economic impact on the roll-back of tax cuts a year after being pushed by Reagan and passing Congress. Their analysis of the 1980s recovery focused on higher defense and infrastructure spending (fiscal policy,) a massive increase in debt (the largest peacetime debt increase ever) coupled with a more balanced tax code post-TEFRA.
Different assumptions, and process, improves forecasting
Thus, eschewing complex econometric models, elaborately detailed spreadsheets of earnings and rolling momentum indicators, Polaris Financial focused instead on identifying the assumptions they believed would most likely drive the economy and markets in 2013. They focused on the continuation of Chairman Bernanke's easy monetary policy, and long-term fiscal policies designed to funnel money into investments which would incent job creation and GDP growth leading to an improvement in house values, and consumer spending, while keeping interest rates at historically low levels. All of which would bode extremely well for thriving equity markets.
The vitriol has been high amongst those who support, and those who oppose, the economic policies of Obama's administration since 2008. But vitriol does not support, nor replace, good forecasting. Too often forecasters predict what they want to happen, what they hope will happen, based upon their view of history, their traing and background, and their embedded assumptions. They forecast from their long-held assumption base. But, ideology is not helpful when forecasting, and can be a big negative.
As Polaris Financial pointed out in beating every major Wall Street firm over the last 2 years, good forecasting relies on looking carefully at historical outcomes and understanding the context in which those results happened. Rather than relying on an interpretation of the outcome, forecasters must look instead at the facts and the situation; the actions and the outcomes in context.
There are no universal economic, or market, truths
In an economy, everything is relative to the context. There are no absolute programs that are universally the right thing to do. Every policy action, and every monetary action, is dependent upon initial conditions as well as the action itself.
Too few forecasters take into account both the context and the action. And far too few do enough analysis of assumptions, preferring instead to rely on reams of numerical analysis which may, or may not, relate to the current situation. And are often linked to assumptions underlying the model's construction - assumptions which could be out of date or simply wrong.
The folks at Polaris Financial Partners remain optimistic about the economy and markets for the next two years. They point out that unemployment has dropped faster under Obama, and from a much higher level, than during the Reagan administration. They see the Affordable Care Act opening more flexibility for health care, creating a rise in entrepreneurship and innovation (especially biotechnology) that will spur economic growth. Deitrick and Morgan see tax programs, and rising minimum wage trends, working toward better income balancing, and greater monetary velocity aiding GDP growth. Their projection is for improving real estate values, jobs growth, and minimal inflation leading to higher indexes - such as 20,000 on the DJIA and 2150 on the S&P.
Update 21 January, 2014. I just discovered this NYT article from October, 2012 in which the journalists point out that those forecasting a weak 2013 (or recession) seem to have strong ties to the Republican party. Well worth a read, now 16 months later, as the author seems to have been a better forecaster, by recognizing the forecasters' assumptions, than the forecasters themselves.
Bob Deitrick co-authored, with Lew Goldfarb, "Bulls, Bears and the Ballot Box" in 2012 analyzing Presidential economic policies, Federal Reserve policies and stock market performance.
Connect with me on LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter.
Links:
Economically, could Obama be America's best President?
Can Democrats be better economic stewards than Republicans?
America's often wrong-headed jobs and innovation policies
Michael Fassbender will play multiple Davids according to Sydney Morning Herald. Following on from the news of Ridley Scott's press conference in Australia, some Australian publications have picked up on a nugget that The Hollywood Reporter missed out on: Michael Fassbender will be playing his incarnation of David 8 from Prometheus and another David android:
“Confirming that Sydney would be the location for Alien: Covenant on Friday, Scott said it would follow on from 2012's Prometheus and would have Michael Fassbender returning as both android David and a doppelganger.”
An article from SBS also reports that: “Scott said Alien: Covenant will pick up from the end of Prometheus, and see Fassbender playing two versions of his android character, David.
The possibility of Michael Fassbender portraying multiple David 8 androids was a rumour that was thrown around previously so this may lend some credit to those earlier reports. This will mark the first time that multiple versions of the same android are featured in one film (unless you believe Bishop 2 was an android!)
I think it would be quite easy to say that Michael Fassbender's performance in Prometheus was something a lot of viewers held as one of the more positive aspects of Ridley Scott's last foray into the world of Alien.
It was recently confirmed by 20th Century Fox that the storyline of Alien: Covenant would include David 8 in quite a big way: “Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew of the colony ship Covenant discovers what they think is an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world — whose sole inhabitant is the “synthetic” David (Michael Fassbender), survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition.”
What do you think about Michael Fassbender playing multiple incarnations of David 8?
SAN FRANCISCO -- This afternoon, just before going home for the weekend, the jury almost came back with a partial verdict in the copyright phase of Oracle v. Google at the U.S. District Court here.
However, we won't know what they're thinking until at least Monday.
The jury sent a note to Judge William Alsup just after noon Pacific Time, informing the court that it had come to a unanimous decision on all questions but one -- on which the jury said it was at an "impasse." They were apparently at an impasse on one of the important questions -- meaning one of the first three of four issues the judge had asked them to decide. (See those questions below.)
Along with Alsup, both Oracle counsel Michael Jacobs and Google attorney Robert Van Nest were eager to move on with the case and hear the partial verdict.
Thereafter, Alsup called for the jury to come back into the courtroom, although the courtroom waited in near silence for several minutes before the five male and seven female jurors entered.
And then events reached their anticlimax.
When the judge asked the foreman if the jury was ready to issue its verdict, the foreman replied that not every juror had actually wanted to send its "impasse" note, explaining that the problem was the "timing" of sending it. Only a majority of the jurors believed they were at an impasse, but a few others think that if they wait until Monday, they could reach a unanimous vote on all counts.
The foreman also nearly gave away which question it was that the jury cannot reconcile a unanimous answer, but the judge cut him off just in time.
Alsup looked unsure on how to proceed, calling Jacobs and Van Nest into a sidebar conference while the courtroom waited for a few minutes.
In the end, Alsup said that "experience" had taught him that it would be better to let the jury go home and come back on Monday to vote again. If they are still at an impasse then, it is likely a partial verdict will be read.
However, the judge sternly reminded the jurors that they are not allowed to do any research of any kind while on the jury. He said if he learned that any jurors had looked at tech blogs, he'd be upset.
After the jury had departed the room, Alsup apologized to the courtroom for suggesting that if the jury's partial verdict was read today, that the court would be on recess on Monday.
"I'm sorry I brought up the idea of a three-day weekend," he concluded.
Jury deliberates for five days
The jury began deliberating on Monday afternoon after lawyers from both Oracle and Google offered their closing statements for the first segment of this trial.
On Tuesday, both legal teams met in the courtroom for a one-hour conference at 10 a.m., debating answers to jury questions concerning Google's use of Java APIs from Apache Harmony and Oracle's proposed witness list for the next segment of the trial, which will focus on patent infringement.
On Wednesday, the jury returned with more questions that pointed toward copyright infringement. Although the answer didn't entirely please Google's lawyers, Alsup instructed the jury that they could consider both direct and indirect streams of revenue related to Android.
On Thursday afternoon, the jury returned with the eighth note issued during the deliberation period, which asked, "What happens if we can't reach a unanimous decision and people are not budging?"
At an 8 a.m. hearing today, Alsup asked attorneys from both Oracle and Google for their thoughts about where to proceed from here. While neither side was entirely in favor of a partial verdict, Jacobs acknowledged that could be a potential path. Van Nest was resolutely against the idea, preferring a completely unanimous verdict or a mistrial for the copyrights segment of the case.
Nevertheless, in the afternoon, Van Nest concurred with Jacobs and the judge to move the case along and hear the partial verdict.
See the judge's final charge to the jury and, more important, the four questions it was asked to decide here:
When Wicked Strong entered the starting gate for the Wood Memorial on Saturday at Aqueduct Racetrack, he was racing for more than the chance to run in the Kentucky Derby.
The 3-year-old colt is owned by Centennial Farms, whose president Don Little hails from Boston. Last year, when it was time to name the colt he'd purchased for $375,000, he wanted to honor the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings.
“'Boston Strong' was taken,” he said, meaning that that name had already been given to another horse. “My wife and the Jacobs family [owners of the Boston Bruins] were at a Bruins game, and they said, ‘You should have done Wicked Strong instead of Boston Strong because it's so Bostonian.”
Little agreed and submitted the name to The Jockey Club, and if his horse's performance on Saturday is any indication, Wicked Strong is indeed aptly named. In Boston and its environs, “wicked” isn't an adjective denoting evil. It's an adverb, synonymous with “very,” amplifying the adjective it modifies, and the way that Wicked Strong ran in the Wood Memorial embodies what might be called, combining Boston and racing parlance, a wicked strong finish.
But it's not only Wicked Strong's name that honors the bombing victims; one percent of the horse's earnings go to The One Fund Boston, which supports the victims and their families.
That donation got significantly bigger on Saturday, when Wicked Strong's 3 1/2 length victory in the Wood Memorial earned him both 100 Kentucky Derby points and $590,000.
Prior to Saturday's race, Wicked Strong sat at #49 in the Kentucky Derby standings, with the two points he earned for finishing third in last November's Remsen Stakes. Now he's at #3, guaranteed a spot if he stays healthy, with lifetime earnings of $704,610.
Wicked Strong is trained by Jimmy Jerkens, who in 2009 looked to be heading to the Derby with possible favorite Quality Road; five days before the race, Jerkens had to scratch him because of an injury to his foot, telling the Daily Racing Form that it was “devastating” to miss the race.
Wicked Strong was not thought to be a serious Derby contender before last Saturday; he hadn't won since breaking his maiden last October at Belmont Park, and he finished ninth in the Holy Bull, an early Derby prep at Gulfstream Park, then fourth in a lower level race.
Still, Jerkens was hopeful. The horse had been training “super,” he said, and as Wicked Strong didn't appear to like the Gulfstream Park surface, Jerkens made the call to ship him home to New York to run in the Wood.
"It was a big surprise that he didn't run too well in Florida,” said Centennial's Little after the race on Saturday, “but we took into account that that track wasn't to his liking, and as soon as he got back [to New York] last Sunday, he settled in.”
Like Jerkens, Little knows what it's like to run on racing's biggest days. Centennial won the 1993 Belmont Stakes with Colonial Affair, and the 2007 Metropolitan Handicap and Breeders' Cup Dirt Mile with Corinthian, who was also trained by Jerkens. Both trainer and owner know both the exultation of horse racing and its disappointments, and both were cautious when talking about the Kentucky Derby.
“It's only been 20 minutes since the finish line,” said Little, standing in the winner's circle. "[The Kentucky Derby] is always a possibility; we'll see how he comes out. I'm sure he'll move up in the standings and also in some people's [Derby contenders] lists. We'll talk to Jimmy and the partners, and if he comes out in good shape, we'll consider it for sure.
“We knew were taking a bit of a shot here, he stepped up his game and if he comes out fine, it'll be fun. It'll be a joy to get there.”
Said Jerkens, “We certainly got to give it a lot more thought now. I'd love to get another crack at it, that's for sure.”
If Wicked Strong does make it to the Derby, Jerkens and Centennial won't be going there alone.
“It would be nice,” said Little, “if we could try to get one or two of the [marathon] victims and their families to come to the Derby if we decide to go.
“It would be a great honor.”
Follow-on Twitter, like on Facebook, read at Brooklyn Backstretch.
It seems Google is making their first full retail presence known with a splash. While Apple has had its own retail stores since 2001 (the first two opened on May 19 of 2001), Google has, for all intents and purposes, offered their products and services online only. Well, they are now about to barge in on the competition with a new floating retail store. At least that's the speculation. While it hasn't been fully verified, there is some evidence that Google is considering a data retail center within the floating building in San Francisco Bay. Supporting the overall speculation that the building, itself, will be a full retail center for Google is the 2009 patent grant for a 'water based data center' and the connection of Tim Brandon, of the location leasing the building, to Google. It seems even his LinkedIn profile and his phone number is Google related.
So, why a giant barge for a retail store? According to Google's patent and to their track record (remember Project Loon?), economy and ecology. Some of their plans involve using the ocean water for cooling and actual wave energy for power for their four story center. This allows for cheap, renewable, constant energy to support the massive structure. In addition, they are using giant shipping containers for the building itself. That's ultimate recycling! Though, I'd be interested in seeing their plans for insulation.
This story doesn't stop in San Francisco, however. It seems a very similar barge with the same shipping container structure was seen off the shore of Portland, Maine. Are the two linked? Well, as said, both barges have the same building structure, the barges are both owned by the same company (By and Large LLC), and the registration numbers of the barges are sequential (BAL0010 in San Francisco and BAL0011 in Portland). By and Large LLC is also renting a hangar near the pier where the San Francisco project is taking place.
Let's shift gears a moment and pull away from the 'data center' concept. According to KPIX (San Francisco's CBS - owned by CNET), the floating center will, in fact be a retail location; specifically Google Glass. They also mentioned the possibility of the center being towed to San Francisco's Fort Mason.
A non-disclosed contact from CNET mentioned Google's plans to float these retail stores from city to city using the river system; and that the idea came from Larry Page or Sergey Brin directly. The contact mentioned that this is Google's way of creating retail stores without making it look like they are trying to chase Apple.
According to CNET, an engineer stated he had been working on a project with Google for a floating data back-up center in case of 'natural disaster'. He goes on to claim:
"They'd have all their data from the region backed up at this center. This could easily tow it with a tug out of the area, and be able to easily bring it back in and get it up and running while facilities would be down in the area. And...the master plan at the time was to build upwards of a dozen of these things. About four in the States, and then have them worldwide, over in Asia, Europe, South America. They were planning on putting in a lot of these things worldwide."
To support the speculation that this is indeed a Google project even further, Larry Page's personal yacht, Senses was spotted docked alongside the project in San Francisco Bay. While this could be coincidence, it's highly unlikely considering the way all the cards are falling into place. And would we really be all that surprised? Google has been the lead innovation company for years and they've never been afraid to try new things. It would be just like them to say, "We can make this happen" and proceed to do so. And since they're always looking for more ecological means to support their company, wave energy would be a perfect system for single location infrastructure. And to be honest, the ability to float their stores to the cities of the highest concentration of demand is pretty genius. That all boils down to the cost to Return on Investment. It would be interesting to see one of these barges floating up into Lake Michigan or Lake Huron, pulling up to a pier, opening the doors, and offering retail services before packing up and moving on. They're like the gypsies of retail and data services. I know I would definitely drive over to check it out. It's possible they're using it as a gimmick, but it seems to me that if that were the case (and if the speculation is, indeed accurate), they would have already announced their plans to pique the curiosity of the masses. Personally, I see it more as a rather ingenious business model be it for back-up services or retail services... or perhaps both.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201605/1475/1155968404_4907984569001_4907788259001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Hillary Clinton also praised Bernie Sanders for the campaign he has run but also vowed to unify the Democratic Party "and stop Donald Trump." Clinton pokes Trump: 'How can anybody lose money running a casino?'
Hillary Clinton got more personal with Donald Trump on Monday, poking the presumptive Republican nominee for his businesses' four bankruptcies, including his failed casinos.
"What little we know of his economic policies would be running up our debt, starting trade wars, letting Wall Street run wild, all of that could cause another crash and devastate working families and our country," the Democratic candidate told an audience at the Service Employees International Union's annual convention in Detroit. "Trump economics is a recipe for lower wages, fewer jobs, more debt. He could bankrupt America like he's bankrupted his companies. I mean, ask yourself, how can anybody lose money running a casino? Really. "
Story Continued Below
Clinton remarked that she hears from families "every day" about what a Trump presidency would mean for immigrants living and working in the United States, particularly those in mixed-status families where children were born in the country but parents are perhaps undocumented. "We're talking about real people," Clinton said.
“He's talking about sending a deportation force to schools, workplaces and homes to round up moms, dads, grandparents, even children. When he talks about ending birthright citizenship, he's talking about kicking children who are born here out of the only country they know," she said, referring to Trump's remarks in an interview with MSNBC's "Morning Joe" last November.
Laying out the stakes for the general election, Clinton warned, “The only thing standing between Donald Trump and the Oval Office is all of us.”
Clinton alternately praised Bernie Sanders for the campaign he has run but also vowed to unify the Democratic Party "and stop Donald Trump."
Wrapping up her speech, Clinton laid out another turn of phrase calling out Trump for his rhetoric.
“We need a president who will use the bully pulpit to stand up for working families, but the last thing we need is a bully in the pulpit," she said. "And nobody knows better than a union like SEIU that the only way to stand up to a bully is to stand up together.”
Trump senior adviser Ed Brookover defended the billionaire businessman's record in an interview with CNN, highlighting Trump as a job creator while casting Clinton as a heavy regulator and taxer.
“I think that Mrs. Clinton has a lot to learn about how American businesses work,” he said. “She overregulates, she overtaxes, she overpromises and doesn't deliver. Mr. Trump has a long history of creating jobs, of creating wealth in this country, and if Mr. Trump gets to the White House he'll be able to take that business expertise and apply it to America.”
A US$2.3-trillion industry is nothing to sniff at. That's what the global Halal economy is estimated to be worth, and companies are starting to take notice.
Halal, which means “permissible” in Arabic, denotes products that are in accordance with Muslim law, can include food and beverage products. But halal can go far beyond food and include fashion, Islamic banking, and tourism packages for holidays that abide by the rules of Islam.
Ottawa-based Queendom Hijabs specializes in designing hijabs for athletics, for example. And last month, CBC News reported about Salaam Swipe, a new Tinder-like “matching app” created by a developer from Surrey, B.C. Described as a "halal dating" platform, Salaam Swipe aims to match potential couples based on their religious and spiritual identities towards the ultimate goal of marriage.
Meanwhile, the website Zilzar.com is looking to make a splash in the e-commerce game as a “Muslim lifestyle” answer to America's eBay and China's Alibaba marketplaces. Zilzar.com, which sells anything from Muslim prayer beads to halal cosmetics and fashion items, marks one year since its launch next month. Zilzar.com now has than 12,000 vendors around the world.
With Islam now the world's fastest-growing religion, tapping into the Shariah-friendly marketplace is considered a vital money-making strategy for businesses, says Mohammed Shukri Abdullah, CEO of the World Halal Summit in Malaysia. And not just for those in predominantly Muslim nations.
“With a huge prospect of the halal economy from food and beverages, to cosmetics and pharmaceuticals and the booming tourism and hospitality industry, it's an industry that is set to grow substantially with the increasing Muslim population,” Abdullah said.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's government has taken notice, too, particularly when it comes to the $1-trillion Islamic banking economy. (Islamic banking is guided by Shariah principles, which prohibits the collection and payment of interest, as well as banning investments in “haram” or forbidden products and services such as pork and alcohol.)
In 2013, the Conservative government helped sponsor a World Islamic Banking Conference in the Persian Gulf, and has recognized there is a gaining interest in Shariah-compliant banking solutions in North America, according to Walid Hejazi, an associate professor at the University of Toronto's Rotman School of Management.
“Awareness in Canada of Islamic banking has increased dramatically in the last few years,” Hejazi told the Vancouver Sun.
According to the World Halal Summit, there are 1.8 billion Muslims around the world. Within the next 15 years, that population is expected to increase to 2.2 billion.
Canadian roughly 1 million Muslims make up around 3.2 per cent of the country's total population. That population rose about 82 per cent in the decade between 2001, when Muslim representation was at about 579,000 people, and 2011.
By 2015, the heart of the Internet will no longer beat in the United States.
On Friday, the United States Commerce Department's National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) announced its intent to concede its control over the domain name nonprofit Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) to a multistakeholder model. The move will significantly globalize the governance of a key part of the Internet – who is in control of domain names – a move that comes after increased pressure to break down US control over the technical underpinnings of the Web.
“The timing is right to start the transition process,” says Lawrence E. Strickling, assistant secretary of commerce for communications and information, in a statement. “We look forward to ICANN convening stakeholders across the global Internet community to craft an appropriate transition plan.”
The US has maintained centralized control over the Domain Name Systems (DNS) since the late 1960s, when ARPANET began to morph into the network of government and research networks that would lay the groundwork for the Internet. Essentially, the DNS is what translates Web pages from a series of numbers to suffixes such as .com, .net, and hundreds of others (as of this February). For about a decade, ICANN, which is controlled by a variety of stakeholders, has been contracted by the US government (NTIA) to regulate this process.
In essence, this gives the US government the capability to nix any domain name address it wants, or at least make it very difficult to find online (though there isn't indication the US has done that yet). In the meantime, there has been a movement by several countries, especially Russia and China, to transfer this control to the UN. Russia and China have been the loudest voices against the US control, likely due to the domain name-nixing powers: they can block access to certain websites, but they can't prevent anyone from actually registering a domain name with content they deem questionable.
The US government had hinted that it is willing to concede its DNS power to multi-player control as early as 1997, but the ICANN contract goes until September 2015. In the meantime, NTIA is asking ICANN to put together a multistakeholder proposal, a change ICANN says it is prepared to make.
“The Internet technical community is strong enough to continue its role, while assuming the stewardship function as it transitions from the US government,” says ICANN in a statement.
ICANN hasn't made a specific statement about who may make up this multistakeholder control, but it will contain a mixture of governments and private sector companies.
"Even though ICANN will continue to perform these vital technical functions, the U.S. has long envisioned the day when stewardship over them would be transitioned to the global community," says Dr. Stephen D. Crocker, ICANN's board chair, in a statement. "In other words, we have all long known the destination. Now it is up to our global stakeholder community to determine the best route to get us there."
Though there haven't been specific issues with the US government contract thus far, the partnership hasn't been without its naysayers.
Just last Wednesday, on the 25th birthday of the World Wide Web, Web inventor Tim Berners-Lee called for an Internet Bill of Rights, which would ensure individuals' right to access, privacy, and freedom of expression (among other principles) online. He has long expressed his frustration at America's centralized control of domain names.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"Now, 25 years on, Web users are realizing they need human rights on the Web,” he says to CNN. “We need independence of the Web for democracy, we need independence of the Web to be able to support the press, we need independence of the Web in general. It's becoming very important to sort out all that."
The US has also come under closer scrutiny in the past year more than ever before, due to NSA spying revelations. In addition to extensive spying on US citizens, it came to light that the NSA spied on world leaders, such as German chancellor Angela Merkel and Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff. This has sparked an international conversation about online privacy rights, especially as the US houses many of the world's most powerful technology organizations on top of DNS governance.
More than two weeks after Hurricane Maria crashed into Puerto Rico on Sept. 20, Allan Rivera had still not had a full night's sleep. “Every three hours … I get up and do some maintenance on the generator,” he told me. His wife — who has multiple sclerosis — relies on air conditioning to help minimize her symptoms, but Toa Baja, the town where he lives on the island's north coast, was still without electricity. That meant Rivera had to keep a gasoline-powered generator running 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
This is a cruel irony for Rivera, the president of a Puerto Rican organization that advocates for renewable energy. And it's a situation that he and many other Puerto Ricans are likely to be stuck with for some time. Maria knocked out all of the island's electricity. As of Friday, only 9 percent of Puerto Ricans had gotten it back. But that number isn't stable — over the course of the week it went from 16 percent, to 10, and back up to 17 percent before falling. Two days after the storm, experts on the island said it could take four to six months to restore service. Rivera told me he was hearing that it could be eight months to a year before the whole island — big cities, small towns and rural countryside — is electrified again.
Puerto Rico's electric grid was in bad shape before the storm. But that fact was more than just a portent of doom: It's also a harbinger of what's to come. The system failed so spectacularly because it was stuck in a downward spiral of increasingly poor service. And that spiral is going to be difficult to escape during the rebuild. Despite a number of nonprofit and for-profit groups interested in designing a renewable, resilient replacement grid, stories like Rivera's are unlikely to end in a feel-good engineering fairytale — at least not anytime soon.
Electricity is generally a reliable service in the United States. Data from 2015 shows that, on average, Americans could expect a little more than three hours a year in which their electricity wasn't working properly. But Puerto Rico is a different story. There, the 2015 goal of the Autoridad de Energía Eléctrica — a government agency that owns the island's electric distribution system and much of its generation capacity — was to have no more than 9.6 hours of outage per customer, and the utility still wasn't able to meet that goal. At the same time, Puerto Ricans pay higher prices for electricity than almost everyone else in the U.S. — nearly 20 cents per kilowatt-hour for residential customers, compared with a U.S. average of about 13 cents per hour. In July, only three states paid more.
That combination of poor service and high prices is partly a function of living on a mountainous island and partly a result of the economics and politics on Puerto Rico, said Jose Maeso, who was the executive director of the Puerto Rico State Office of Energy Policy from 2013 to 2016 and is now the director of a Department of Energy-funded research consortium. There are universal challenges to running an electric grid on a tropical island. Salt vapor in the air corrodes electric equipment. Forests grow up quickly and are hard to keep away from power lines, especially in rural areas. Rural electrification, in particular, has been a challenge for Puerto Rico, Maeso told me. Outside narrow swaths of coastal plain, the island rises up in mountains and cliffs. Electrical lines were built through this terrain, Maeso said. And some of those lines pass through regions where there isn't good road access, increasing the difficulty of doing maintenance and repairs. It's no coincidence that two of the three states with higher electricity rates than Puerto Rico are Alaska and Hawaii, which offer their own logistical challenges for electricity production and distribution.
Being an island has also, historically, limited the types of energy resources Puerto Rico could use and raised their cost. The island's electricity is almost entirely generated by burning fossil fuels, mostly oil — and all of that fuel has to be imported. When the cost of oil goes up, so do electric bills. Even if you burn natural gas — which is a cheaper energy source than coal or oil — that still costs more when you have to haul it across an ocean. Until 2012, the Autoridad de Energía Eléctrica didn't have facilities that could burn natural gas, anyway.
All of these helps to explain why Puerto Rico's grid was in such bad shape before Maria hit — and why it will take so long to rebuild. The AEE has long been under political pressure to not raise prices, said José Román Morales, interim president of the Puerto Rico Energy Commission, a government body formed in 2014 as a regulator for the AEE and private electric generation companies. That made sense in some ways: Electricity is crucial, and Puerto Ricans, in general, don't have a lot of spare cash — the median income is just $19,350, and more than 40 percent of the population lives below the poverty line.
But those pressures, combined with the realities of running an electric grid on an island, created problems. The AEE didn't raise its base rate — the part of the electric bill that's meant to cover basic operating costs and maintenance — between 1989 and January 2017. But the price consumers actually pay — the total bill — still went up over that time period because of rising fuel prices. Puerto Ricans became trapped in a feedback loop where the AEE had less and less money to keep the grid working well, but consumers had more and more reason (from their perspective) to demand that the agency not raise rates.
Making matters worse, the lack of cash for maintenance has made maintenance more costly than it would otherwise be. Before Hurricane Maria, most of what was getting done was reactive maintenance — fixing immediate outages — not preventative maintenance or upgrades, Morales said. That means AEE's equipment — from its power plants on down — is old and out-of-date. The median age of an AEE power plant is 44 years, compared with an electric industry standard of 18. “They suffer mechanical failures constantly,” Morales said. “They have to wait a long time to get parts, and the original manufacturers consider them like a speciality part.” Even workers with the expertise to manage these aging units are in short supply and retiring quickly.
Not having enough money creates a system that is more expensive to operate, which results in even tighter budgets. It's not going to be easy for Puerto Rico to get out of that cycle, especially with a history of mismanagement by AEE that's left such spotty records and data analysis that a 2016 independent expert review of AAE's operations and finances concluded that the utility can't accurately predict its own upcoming customer demand.
In the U.S., if you're already poor, the same services can often cost more than they would for people in better financial circumstances. The media often refers to this with the maxim “it's expensive to be poor” — and there's something similar going on with Puerto Rico's grid. Puerto Ricans don't have much money, which puts pressure on the utility to not raise rates, which makes the system more expensive to operate, which drives the utility into debt, which forces it to spend money that should have gone to maintenance on the costs associated with just keeping its head above the financial waves.
The 2016 expert review noted that the utility was spending more than $100 million a year — more than its entire proposed budget for the cost of generating electricity in 2017 — on unnamed miscellaneous expenses. When I asked Morales if there was any indication what those expenses were, he said AEE staff had explained during a hearing that this money was being spent on debt service, fees and legal bills — all costs incurred because the utility was so short on funds.
So what happens next? Despite hopes for the future, Puerto Rico is, once again, forced to focus on reactive maintenance. “There is no time to redesign the system or apply new technologies at a large scale now,” Carlos Reyes, general manager of operations for EcoEléctrica, a private company that operates one of the few power plants not owned by AEE, told me in an email. Other experts agreed. It's unlikely that Puerto Rico's grid will be rebuilt stronger and better over the next year. It'll be enough work just to get it back online in its same old state.
The work of reimagining the grid — and, more importantly, designing a system that won't put people right back in the dark the next time a hurricane hits — will take more than just technological improvements. Puerto Rico will need to reimagine the system that led to outdated, run-down technology, too.
The Marais neighborhood in Paris's 4th arrondissement has long been known as the Jewish quarter, though it is also popular with the gay community—most Jewish shops and businesses close for Sabbath. But on a recent Saturday on rue des Rosiers, at Florence Kahn's shop, which is famous for its Russian and Central European Jewish cuisine, people were queuing, seemingly unaware it was Shabbat. “One apple strudel, a slice of cheesecake, and half a pound of pastrami please,” a mother of two said to the assistant behind the counter. Surprised, I asked her if serving meat and dairy together means the establishment is not kosher. “Of course, it is kosher!” replied the shop assistant, offended. “But not approved by the beit din, it depends on people: Some consider it kosher and some don't.” An old man behind me joked that the fact that Florence Kahn's shop opens on Saturdays might help protect them from anti-Semitic vandals.
Being a Jew in France is no longer easy. Anxiety is in the air even if the State has guaranteed our protection. Gripes about Jews being everywhere in the French media, banks, and “even in government” are commonplace. It became normal to demonstrate with pro-Palestinian slogans in the streets and blame French Jews for Israel's actions, which are typically reported as monstrous. We are still a long way from the Dreyfus Affair, but there's a new wave of anti-Semitism in France, which is often packaged as anti-Zionism, but employs all the classical tropes. It is easy to forget which kind of anti-Semitism is which. First there was stand-up comedian Dieudonné's inflammatory act, which mocked the Holocaust, prompting Prime Minister Manuel Valls to ban his shows for racism and anti-Semitism. Many French people, particularly Dieudonné's fans, saw this as a “Jewish conspiracy.” There are everyday physical attacks in the street. The result is a familiar kind of fear.
***
I remember very clearly the first time I felt this fear several years ago. It happened quite suddenly. I was shopping in the Galeries Lafayette department store. The vendor, a young Arab man, was very helpful and cheerful. I was trying clothes on while he was taking care of his other customers. At that period Marine Le Pen's far-right National Front was rising in the polls, and he asked me what I thought about Le Pen.
“What do you want me to think about Le Pen?” I asked him, laughing. “I would sooner forget she exists.” The young man seemed wanting to test me more: “She is the devil, but many Catholics in France admire her. Don't you? You are Catholic and you don't like her?” I was very surprised that discussion in a luxury shop turned so personal, but answered trying to make another joke: “Who told you I was Catholic?”
But the conversation stopped the very same minute. “Jewish!” he hissed and recoiled from me as if I was a leper. He went away and he asked his colleague to help me instead. Le Pen was no more a devil for him, but I was.
Should I have reacted that day, and how could I do that? It's very bizarre that in Judaism so much is about the transmission, but there's something else that most Jewish families pass on with their traditions, knowledge, and philosophy—it is this bizarre behavior when you prefer to accept aggression rather to fight it. It was that way for some in Germany during the Third Reich—when many Jews had no choice but first to accept some rules, then agree to wear a yellow star, then to abandon their homes and ultimately be murdered in the Holocaust.
In a different part of Paris, the 12th arrondissement, where French Jews are more discreet than in the Marais, kosher butchers have for security reasons removed Stars of David from their shopfronts. Gone are the Hebrew inscriptions and beit din certificates. None show their Jewish origins anymore. Most French Jews are Sephardim with origins in North African countries who still remember their families' past experiences living in Muslim countries. Today's France gives some of them a similar feeling.
Nobody could have imagined 10 or 15 years ago that Jews would once again have to hide in France. Today, after the January attacks on the Hyper Cacher supermarket and Charlie Hebdo office, and the November massacre in the Bataclan, French Jews fear once again for their lives, and this has prompted them to alter their habits and lifestyle as they have had to do in so many places at so many times in the past.
‘Our synagogues are already protected by soldiers, our children's teachers are attacked. Maybe we will have to leave France just as we left Tunisia.'
Incidentally, it was not widely reported in the media that the Bataclan's owners were Jewish and an attack on this famous concert hall was originally planned in 2009, as a member of the group Jaish al-Islam confirmed to investigators. Yet after those Paris attacks, it seemed the French media preferred not to concentrate on the Jewish angle.
“Can't you see that jihadists attacked normal French people as well?” Comments of this type were normal on social media, even among the politically righteous. Otherwise, normal French people would reproach the media for concentrating too much on the Jewish issue.
Almost two years ago in the center of Paris, demonstrators against Israeli policy carrying Palestinian flags shouted “Death to Jews” right in front of police. And the authorities did not react against these slogans. However, during the Paris attacks they immediately stated that there should be no conflation of Muslims and terrorists. By this logic, there should be a conflation of the State of Israel and French Jews who, like Israelis, have long suffered from a rising insecurity in their own country, impelled by attacks against synagogues, kosher shops, and Jewish cemeteries, not to mention anti-Semitic murders.
Six months after the aforementioned demonstration, the attacks on Charlie Hebdo and Hyper Cacher shook France and the world. Then, an anti-terror rally took place in Paris on Jan. 11, 2015, with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu urging French Jews to return to Israel as “this is their home” and French Prime Minister Manuel Valls stating that “France would not be France without the Jews.” It was a nice sentiment. But France's Jewish community is no longer large (about 550,000 people—less than one percent of the total population) so any mass departure of Jews would hardly have a profound effect on the country. According to the French Interior Ministry and the Jewish Community Protection Service report, in 2015 there were more than 800 anti-Semitic acts in France. Needless to say this figure is not exhaustive, as not every victim of an attack has filed a complaint to the police.
A few weeks ago I was discussing the Holocaust with an acquaintance in Paris when he suddenly asked me: “It was really horrible, but I still can't understand how they were able to recognize Jews. Probably because of their noses?” he told me, in all seriousness.
Oftentimes, the focus is not on the attack itself but on ancillary events. When a Jewish teacher was recently attacked in Marseille, the media commented more on the suggestion by local Jewish authorities not to wear yarmulkes in the street rather than on the avowed anti-Semitic act itself. It starts like that: Today one stops wearing the yarmulke in the street, tomorrow one is forced to use special corridors for walking because only certain streets are safe, and later one's children are locked in ghettos … back to the dark days.
That's why today's aliyah—the return by Diaspora Jews to Israel—it is no longer seen as a solely religious step. After the latest attacks, some do it out of vital necessity, so as not to become “a pariah” or “a target.” Eight thousand French Jews made the choice to leave France in 2015. It's a negative point for France when it's clearly seen that one population can suffer because of their religion, culture or origins. One-third of French Jews are thinking about making aliyah because they believe that French Jewry is under threat.
Back to the 9th arrondissement in Paris, where the Great Synagogue of Paris is located, generally very few people attend the Shabbat service, but the synagogue staff remain very active on weekdays and offer various other functions to keep it alive. The sun shone through the large stained-glass windows depicting the Star of David while the heroes of the Torah watched over those few who still had come to listen to the Rabbi Moshe Sebbag's speeches of peace and wisdom. The law of talion—an eye for an eye—has no place there.
“We have just installed bulletproof glass here,” one of the employees of the synagogue explained. At the entrance to the synagogue the metal detectors, installed long ago, no longer seem to surprise anybody. This Great Synagogue has only closed once since World War II when Paris was under Nazi occupation. Back then, like today, many seats were empty.
The 150-year-old building still welcomes the men and women who come here to pray and to share their emotion after the Paris attacks. The women listening to the service, seated in close proximity but on separate benches, discussed the fact that very few kosher shops remain open and that Jewish schools are under military protection. “We feel more secure in Israel,” one lady joked.
A few years ago the 9th arrondissement was still crowded with Jews enjoying this colorful part of the city where France's two largest synagogues are located. Unfortunately today one can count on two hands the number of Jewish shops still open. This is not surprising.
“The French Republic has not been able to resist the explosion of anti-Semitism,” said Simone, 70, who arrived in France from Tunisia in 1986. “In Tunisia, my ancestors were protected by law. They had the dhimmi status under the Turkish Ottoman Empire until 1881. Though not equal to the rest of the population, as Jews they had the right to practice their religion and manage their institutions. After this date we were protected by the French protectorate. But it was still exceptional for Jews to hold a government job or be appointed to high ranking administrative positions,” she continued.
In Tunisia, Simone and her husband and their four children lived next to the Great Synagogue of Tunis, and she remembered well how it was under constant police protection. “We spoke French at home and if necessary we could speak Arabic outside. We never displayed our origins in public. Most of our neighbors did not know we were Jews,” she explained. Her family was one of the last to leave Tunisia for France. “We were considered insane for still living there when most of our friends and relatives had left the country a long time ago.”
Every time there was tension between Israel and Arab countries, Jews in Tunisia faced anti-Semitism. “In 1967, the Arabs took the Torah from the Great Synagogue and unrolled the scrolls of the Torah in the street. There were other trying occurrences in 1973 and 1982,” Simone remembered. The new French anti-Semitism is different from the one Simone had faced in Tunisia because it has multiple sources: Rooted in Islamism, it is also a way that the far right and far left conceal anti-Semitism beneath disagreement with Israeli policy. Still, the feeling it induces is quite similar. “Today after the Paris attacks I am wondering if we are becoming the ‘new dhimmis' in France?” Simone said. “Our synagogues are already protected by soldiers, our children's teachers are attacked. Maybe we will have to leave France just as we left Tunisia.”
At the end of the service, Simone and others left and said goodbye to the police standing outside the synagogue and then crossed the street where a police van was parked, and barely nodded their heads to them. Sixty yards further on, the men took off their yarmulkes and folded them neatly in their pockets so that they could blend into the Parisian landscape, with the normal French.
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Elena Servettaz is a Russian-French journalist at Radio France Internationale (RFI), based in Paris. Her Twitter feed is @EServettaz.
