Xiaomi‘s name may mean “little rice” in Chinese, but it's not so little anymore. According to a report from Canalys, Xiaomi has surpassed Samsung as China's top smartphone maker, thanks to massive growth over the past year.
The report says that in the second quarter, Xiaomi shipped 15 million smartphones in China, up from 4.4 million devices, or 240%, in the same period a year ago. Samsung, meanwhile, shipped 13.2 million smartphones in the second quarter, down from 15.5 million a year ago. The other top smartphone makers were Lenovo, Yulong, and Huawei.
This means that Xiaomi now holds a 14% share of China's smartphone market. Canalys says that in Q2 2014, China, the world's largest smartphone market, accounted for 37% of global shipments, or 108.5 million units. Eight out of the ten top smartphone vendors in China were domestic companies, including Xiaomi, Lenovo, Yulong, Huawei, BBK, ZTE, OPPO, and K-Touch, which together shipped 70.7 million units and took a 65% market share. Samsung and Apple, the only international players on the list, accounted for 20 million units, or 18% of the smartphone market in China.
Xiaomi has previously said that it hopes to sell 60 million handsets this year, and 100 million devices next year.
According to Canalys research analyst Jingwen Wang, Xiaomi's success in Q2 2014 was helped “by an unanticipated, temporarily under-strength Samsung performance during the quarter.”
“But this is only half the story–Xiaomi has also executed on its strategy to grow volume shipments. It has delivered compelling products at aggressive price points, focused chiefly on its locally relevant MIUI software features and services, backed by effectively targeted marketing.”
Arguably, Xiaomi has been able to deliver “compelling products at aggressive price points” by taking many cues from (many critics argue outright copying) successful competing devices and then selling them at cost. As TechCrunch's Matt Burns noted last week, Xiaomi can sell its hardware below the market average by spending very little on advertising and for the most part avoiding selling its products in stores, depending on direct consumer sales instead.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Thousands of homes have been destroyed by the fighting in Gaza, according to the United Nations
Israel and the Palestinians have begun a fresh five-day ceasefire in Gaza, agreed at the end of a three-day truce.
As the ceasefire was announced, Israel launched air strikes in response to rocket fire from Gaza.
There were no more reports of violence overnight, and the two sides were expected to continue indirect talks mediated by Egypt in Cairo.
The Israelis launched a military operation in Gaza on 8 July to stop militant attacks from Gaza.
'Forbiddingly difficult'
Hamas, which controls Gaza and is involved in the Cairo talks, has denied its members launched rockets at Israel on Wednesday night.
Israeli military spokesman Peter Lerner said on Twitter: "No need to jump to conclusions. I don't know who launched 10pm (19:00GMT) rocket at Israel."
There was no immediate report of casualties from either side.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The current ceasefire began on Monday, and has now been extended for five days
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The brief truce has enabled Palestinian fishermen to go back out to sea
Palestinian sources say the truce extension will create a window for further negotiations.
But the BBC's Kevin Connolly in Gaza says future talks are likely to be forbiddingly difficult.
Officials from both sides have been communicating their demands through Egyptian intermediaries in Cairo.
The talks are aimed at finding a more durable solution to the conflict in Gaza.
Demands postponed
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The blockade of Gaza has been tightened since 2007
The Palestinian side wants the blockade on Gaza to be lifted, while Israel wants the territory to be fully disarmed.
Israel has indicated it may agree to relax parts of the blockade, Egyptian and Palestinian sources said.
Other proposals under discussion include reducing the "no-go" zone in Gaza, and increasing the offshore fishing zone for Gaza fishermen.
Egyptian mediators have proposed that discussion of other demands, such as the opening of a seaport in Gaza and the return of the remains of two dead Israeli soldiers, be postponed.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Israel's anti-missile system could be seen intercepting rockets fired from Gaza on Wednesday
Image copyright AFP Image caption The two sides are engaged in indirect negotiations in Cairo
About 2,000 people have died since the fighting in Gaza began on 8 July.
Those killed include more than 1,900 Palestinians, mostly civilians, according to the United Nations.
Sixty-four Israeli soldiers have been killed in the violence and three civilians in Israel have also died.
Tension between Gaza and Israel rose after the abduction and killing of three Israeli teenagers in June.
Israel blamed the killings on Hamas, though the group denied involvement.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Yolande Knell said the truce got off to a "shaky start"
Tension rose further after the suspected revenge killing of a Palestinian teenager in Jerusalem on 2 July. Six Jewish suspects were arrested over the youth's abduction and murder.
Israel occupied Gaza in 1967 and only pulled its troops and settlers out in 2005.
However, it still exercises control over most of Gaza's borders, water and airspace.
Egypt controls Gaza's southern border.
Gold paint is the new crucified upon a cross of gold.
Thanks to the miracle of Amazon Prime Instant Video I watched Goldfinger for free (or, rather, for no additional cost beyond a Prime membership that more than pays for itself in free shipping alone) Saturday afternoon. This was a favorite of movie of mine when I was a kid, but upon rewatching it turns out to deal with some important pieces of economic history that I think contemporary viewers are likely to have forgotten. But when you understand the policy context, you'll see this Goldfinger is, if not exactly the hero of the film, then at minimum a profoundly sympathetic character. The real villains here are a U.K. government hellbent on pursuing a misguided austerity policy and trying to blame smugglers for its failure.
Auric Goldfinger, you see, really liked gold (as the song says “he loves only gold”) to the point of wearing a lot of unattractive gold-colored shirts.
His problem is that the way the Bretton-Woods system of semi-fixed exchange rates worked was that ordinary citizens couldn't just own gold. A little jewelry, sure. But buying and storing large quantities of gold was illegal unless you were licensed to use gold for industrial purposes. Goldfinger, being a gold enthusiast, has in fact obtained such licenses. But naturally as a person obsessed with gold, he bears little love for an economic policy regime that restricts his ability to obtain it. Thus he isn't shy about exploiting the arbitrage opportunities that arise under the system. Since gold couldn't flow frequently across national boundaries and exchange rates couldn't float up or down, the price of gold could vary quite a bit from place to place. As Colonel Smithers from the Bank of England explains, Goldfinger is using his industrial permits to obtain gold in Britain and then spiriting some of it off the island for sale in other countries where the price of gold is higher.
This, to be clear, is against the law. But it also seems like a quintessential victimless crime. Or, rather, a broadly beneficial crime. The global disparities in gold prices show that gold is being misallocated. There's too much gold in Britain relative to demand for it, and too little in the countries where Goldfinger is bringing the gold. His enterprise is helping citizens of the gold-glutted United Kingdom get money and citizens of gold-starved countries get some discount gold.
Why is this a matter for MI-6?
Prime Minister Harold Wilson
Well it goes back to the failed economic policies of Labour Party Prime Minister Harold Wilson in his first term in office. Taking office in 1964, Wilson inherited a country running a large trade deficit and desperately in need of a currency depreciation to bring its balance of payments back into balance and boost domestic employment. But back in 1949 a previous Labour government had devalued the pound, and Wilson and his team felt that a second Labour devaluation would give his party a reputation for economic mismanagement (ironically, previous Labour Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald's refusal to devalue nearly destroyed the party during the Great Depression). As an alternative to devaluation, he tried to rebalance the current account with a program of fiscal austerity. This merely put more pressure on the domestic economy and did not stop Britain from running a trade deficit that continued to leech the country's gold reserves and eventually forced a devaluation in 1967.
With the benefit of hindsight, we know that Wilson's policies failed thanks to the economic fundamentals and that the years-long struggle against currency depreciation was pointless. But back in 1964 when the film was released, Wilson's austerity drive was just getting under way. Blaming the payments imbalance on gold smugglers and promising an MI-6 crackdown on their nefarious activities would set things straight was a perfect flim-flam companion to the austerity drive. Think of it as the mid-sixties version of eurozone leaders trying to restrict speculation on credit default swaps rather than confronting the imbalances built into the system. James Bond is sent on what's basically a “wag the dog” mission.
But Goldfinger turns out to be something quite a bit bigger. He wants to break into the federal gold depository at Fort Knox and irradiate the American gold supply. With the American gold unusable, the Bretton-Woods system will collapse and the dollar price of gold will skyrocket. This is of course roughly what happened in the real world a few years later. Richard Nixon abandoned the dollar-gold peg in 1972 and the price of gold quintupled over the next three years. Thus the era of floating exchange rates and free trade in gold was born. But had Goldfinger gotten his way, it would have arrived eight years earlier in 1964 and the United Kingdom could have avoided some needless austerity under Wilson and the United States could probably have avoided the recession of 1970. The point being, you don't need to approve of Goldfinger's violent and illegal methods to recognize that he's an economic visionary. Bond, by contrast, is an unwitting pawn being used to try to maintain some deeply misguided economic policies.
Last week, Sarah Jessica Parker squashed dreams with a sharpened stiletto heel when, out of the blue, she released a statement confirming that there would be no third “Sex and the City” movie: “I'm disappointed. We had this beautiful, funny, heartbreaking, joyful, very relatable script.”
Parker, notoriously self-conscious about her nice-girl image, didn't point fingers — but she didn't have to.
That same day, an anonymously sourced article ran in the Daily Mail that blamed Parker's former “Sex” co-star Kim Cattrall and her “demands” for killing the movie.
Cattrall tweeted the next day: “Woke 2 a @MailOnline [poop emoji] storm! The only DEMAND I ever made was that I didn't want to do a 3rd film….& that was back in 2016.”
But the floodgates had opened, and articles were pumped out about the death of the movie, quoting other “Sex” stars and producers who confirmed that the movie was over and what an awful thing that was for fans (don't forget to pity the movie studio and executive producer Parker, who made millions on the first two films).
Within 24 hours, Cattrall was, once more, the villain.
Having once been the deputy editor of Page Six for 10 years, I was familiar with this pattern. Before each of the previous “Sex” movies, reports would inevitably surface that production was being held up by Cattrall's salary demands. A flurry of press would follow, Cattrall would capitulate (presumably with a fatter check than previously promised) and the movies were made.
“Same s – – t, different day,” a friend of Cattrall's told me this week.
But this time, unlike all the other times she'd been made to look like a diva, Cattrall didn't take it lying down. She booked an interview with British talk show host Piers Morgan, took her gloves off, and let it rip.
“The answer was always no,” said Cattrall. “I never asked for any money, I never asked for any projects. To be thought of as some kind of diva is ridiculous.”
She told Morgan that she had no idea when she last spoke to her co-stars, and that no one had reached out when the reports began circulating about her holding up the film.
“Nobody ever picks up the phone and tries to contact you and say, ‘How are you doing?' That would have been the way to handle it,” she added. “This is, it feels like, a toxic relationship.”
While some people were shocked, this nail in the coffin — for the franchise and the relationship between Cattrall and Parker — was a long time coming. And it has everything to do with jealousy, rivalry and money.
To understand what really happened, you have to go back to the beginning. When “Sex and the City” first debuted on HBO in 1998, it was a game changer, and the four main characters — Carrie, Samantha, Miranda and Charlotte — became part of the American lexicon. On-screen they were best friends; off-screen, it was a different story.
Cattrall — who signed on as man-eater Samantha — was arguably the biggest name among the cast in the beginning. She was a bona fide movie star, having headlined “Mannequin” and “Big Trouble in Little China.”
According to a 2008 book proposal shopped by Clifford Streit, the real-life inspiration for the show's character Stanford Blatch, tensions on set began because Cattrall was “a natural comedienne, and a scene-stealer in the best possible sense — the camera went right to her.”
This was, it seems, a problem, given that Parker was playing the show's heroine, Carrie. A clique began to form, leaving Cattrall out in the cold.
Parker and Cynthia Nixon (Miranda), who'd known each other since their days as preteen Broadway actresses, gravitated toward each other and pretty quickly included co-star Kristin Davis (Charlotte) in their group. For the first couple of years, Cattrall had a real ally on set in the form of series creator and producer Darren Star. But when he left after the second season and was replaced by Parker's friend Michael Patrick King, Cattrall was completely isolated.
Page Six reported how, during an Atlantic City, NJ, location shoot, “Sarah Jessica rented a house for herself, Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon. Kim was left out on her own.”
(An HBO spokesman said, “Kim stayed in a different house because she was married at the time, and her husband was supposed to come.”)
Running up to the end of the series, there were stories filtering into Page Six almost weekly about the on-set tensions. By the end, no one would talk to Kim. “Not even in the makeup room,” one insider said.
Cattrall reluctantly signed on for the first movie in 2007, but as a friend of hers told the Daily News, “Kim does not want to . . . do the film. She feels she has been treated horribly by Sarah Jessica Parker for six years.”
Despite the tension, the movie was a hit — making a whopping $415 million worldwide. Producers, including Parker, were eager to replicate the financial boon and wanted to make a second movie as soon as possible, but Cattrall held back. Soon, gossip started circulating about her “diva demands.” She eventually signed on, after demanding, and receiving, more money.
The actress' friend recalled to me, “There was a disparity between what Sarah got and what the other girls got. Everyone loved Kim's character, people related to her — and [Kim's] salary wasn't showing that.”
Even with more money, by the time filming started, things were awkward.
According to a 2009 article in New York magazine, “Sarah Jessica Parker and Kim Cattrall are no longer speaking, which is making everyone on the set of the new ‘Sex and the City' movie uncomfortable.”
While Parker's publicist always denied there were any issues between the women, Parker admitted to clashes on set to Marie Claire in 2010, saying, “Sometimes feelings get hurt.” (Representatives for Parker, Davis and King declined to comment, while Nixon and Cattrall's reps did not get back to me.)
Since then, Cattrall has moved on, spending more time in Toronto and London. One thing's stayed the same: She doesn't stay in touch with her “SATC” co-stars.
“The common ground that we had was the series and the series are over,” Cattrall told Morgan. “Sarah Jessica, she could have been nicer, she could have in some way. I don't know what her issue is, I never have.”
So “Sex and the City” is dead and it's probably for the best for everyone — Cattrall most of all.
As Cattrall's friend told me, “When an actress doesn't do a [sequel], it's because of two things: respect and compensation. Now it looks like it's ego. But it's not that. She just didn't want to do it.”
This week, some 19 years after the show debuted, Cattrall, now 61, told Morgan, “This is what my 60s are about: They're about me making decisions for me. Not my career, for me. And that feels frickin' fantastic.”
Good for you, Kim.
Related Video 0:52 SJP and Kim Cattrall's friendship is finished
On 6 August 1945, the US attacked the Japanese city of Hiroshima with an atomic bomb in a bid to end the second world war. Seventy years after the devastating power of nuclear weapons was first demonstrated, nine states retain them in their arsenals
The Manhattan Project
US atomic weapons research began after nuclear fission was discovered by German scientists in 1938, prompting fears of a Nazi bomb. After Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in 1941, work centred on the Manhattan Project, led by Robert Oppenheimer at Los Alamos in New Mexico. Germany had already surrendered when the first nuclear weapon test took place on 16 July 1945, but war in the Pacific continued.
The attacks
After the successful test US president Harry Truman authorised the use of two weapons against Japan, arguing it would be a quicker and less bloody way to secure surrender than an invasion. There was no capitulation after the first bomb, codenamed Little Boy, destroyed more than 10 sq km of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945. Three days later the more powerful Fat Man device hit Nagasaki.
The casualties
Estimates of people killed in the immediate aftermath of the two bombings and the months that followed range as high as 246,000. Many of the survivors suffered horrific burns and the enduring effects of radiation illnesses. With more attacks planned by the US, Japan surrendered on 15 August.
Cold war follows world war
The USSR, which had spies in the Manhattan project, tested its first nuclear bomb in 1949. Increasingly powerful thermonuclear devices were tested in remote parts of the world, culminating with the Soviet Tsar Bomba which produced an explosion visible 1,000 kilometres away and a mushroom cloud taller than Everest.
Mutually assured destruction
Throughout the 1960s, the superpowers developed huge arsenals. According to the doctrine of mutually assured destruction (MAD), this made nuclear war unlikely as neither side could ever completely destroy the other's ability to retaliate. The 1970 non-proliferation treaty was designed to restrict the capability to the existing nuclear powers, but other states were already pursuing their own programs.
Disarmament and proliferation
The collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 removed the cold war's uneasy certainty. There are now nine known nuclear powers, chief among them the US and Russia, which retain formidable stockpiles even after substantial disarmament. Only South Africa has ever independently developed and then relinquished nuclear weapons. Ukraine surrendered its Soviet weapons in 1994 in exchange for a guarantee of its territorial integrity.
The doomsday clock
Since 1947, the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists has been publishing a yearly assessment of the risk of global catastrophe in the form of a clock counting down to midnight. In 2015, with climate change now included as a risk, it stands at three minutes to midnight, as existing powers upgrade their arsenals. Ongoing risks to humanity include further proliferation, a nuclear terrorist attack and the problem of radioactive waste.
It has been five years since the founding staff of the Mischiefs of Faction posted its inaugural blog post. I'd like to take this opportunity to talk a bit about how the role of political science blogging has changed since 2012.
Our inaugural post was published on a free Blogger account. Most posts at that time were seen by a few hundred people, occasionally breaking into the thousands. Most of our peer academic blogs were also largely self-published, self-edited efforts.
The overall goal of these efforts was to affect the way politics was discussed. Our primary target was political journalists. We sought to explain, to the extent we understood it, how politics was unfolding in real time, and to bring in our own research and that of others to inform perceptions about politics. We sought to push back a bit on quick conventional wisdom analysis and offer a more informed and nuanced perspective. We wanted to influence the journalists who covered politics and at least have them consider our perspectives.
We succeeded, although not quite the way we expected. We changed the media not so much by convincing reporters we were right, but by joining them.
Within the past five years, Vox took us under their umbrella, along with Polyarchy. The Monkey Cage joined the Washington Post. Jonathan Bernstein is now a regular at Bloomberg View. Brendan Nyhan started writing for the New York Times. Pacific Standard, FiveThirtyEight, Politico, and other publications now regularly feature articles from political scientists alongside those from journalists. There are still plenty of high-quality independent academic blogs out there, but a number of us have joined up with those we sought to influence.
I view this as an overwhelmingly, if not exclusively, positive development. Coverage of political events, at least at the national level, is, to my eye, better than it was a few years ago. Academic blogging and data journalism haven't replaced traditional interview-style reporting, but they've complemented it. We're approaching questions from a broader range of perspectives than we used to.
Political science bloggers changed the media not so much by convincing reporters they were right, but by joining them
One of the reasons I got into blogging a decade ago was that I was bothered by the chasm between journalism and academia. We were talking about similar events, but we were barely communicating with each other, and academics mostly ended up talking to themselves. Many of us who focus on party nomination politics didn't do very well in our early analysis of the Democratic presidential contest in 2004, for example. We dismissed Howard Dean at first, then sought to rationalize his popularity, then missed the fact that John Kerry was somehow winning the nomination. Journalists didn't really bother to mock us for this for the simple reason that they didn't know or care that we were talking about it.
It was a very different story in 2016, obviously. Many of us, me included, got the GOP nomination process spectacularly wrong, and journalists rightly called us out for it. Now, many of them got it wrong too, which spared us some harsher retribution, but it was good and useful that our failures were noticed. It's good for the development of new theories and the refinement of old ones when a hypothesis fails publicly, even if it bruises the ego.
And generally I'm pleased to see that so many political scientists are choosing to engage publicly via blogging and social media. It wasn't too long ago that this was considered a pretty nerdy and potentially career-damaging pursuit. Today it's not only tolerated but encouraged. Last week, I met a junior faculty member who put her Twitter analytics statistics into her third-year review.
While I see these developments as quite positive, there are certainly some areas for caution going forward.
First, even as some political scientists work more closely with political journalists, we should remember that we do not have the same jobs. We use different tools and work toward different goals on different time frames. Blogging, tweeting, and other forms of social engagement can be a great supplement to scholarship, but they are not a substitute for it. I may be as interested as any political journalist in a particular special election or dramatic moment in a state legislature, but they're better suited to covering the event in the moment, while my main focus should be in the systematic study of politics and understanding whether the event in question is typical or an outlier.
Second, academia was already a mean enough profession before we got social media involved. Journal rejections and conference feedback could be arbitrary and cruel, but at least they usually weren't personal. Blog comments can be brutal (if you read them). Twitter is vicious. Writing up scholarship in a public forum can certainly get it more attention than it would get sitting in a journal, but it can also expose you to insulting or even threatening emails and other communications. If you're anything other than a white, Christian, heterosexual man in his late 20s to late 40s, you will likely be attacked for that at some point, regardless of how poignant your writing is.
This is particularly vexing because we need those voices representing the scholarly community online. It's easy for extrovertish white guys like me to just tell others to engage online and tough it out, but that's obviously not always great advice, and it's particularly irresponsible to expect junior faculty to have to endure that as a condition of professional advancement.
Now, these concerns obviously affect more than just academics. Reporters probably face greater threats of harassment and actual violence than we do, as last week's events reminded us. It's great that political science is taken more seriously than it used to be, thanks in part to the public engagement by a growing group of scholars and the editors willing to take a chance on printing our words. But relevance, unfortunately, comes with risk. Whatever we're aiming for, we're not quite there yet.
Breaking: Obama Administration Was Aggressively “Bullying & Threatening” Journalists Who Thought About Exposing PRISM (Video)
Glenn Greenwald, a columnist on civil liberties and US national security issues for the Guardian, spoke with Piers Morgan last night on the top secret PRISM program that has direct access to servers of firms including Google, Facebook and Apple.
Greenwald told Piers Morgan the Obama administration “has been very aggressive about bullying and threatening anybody” who thinks about exposing the program.
Business Insider reported:
“There is a massive apparatus within the United States government that with complete secrecy has been building this enormous structure that has only one goal,” Greenwald said on CNN's “Piers Morgan Live” on Thursday. “And that is to destroy privacy and anonymity not just in the United States but around the world.” Greenwald's subsequent comments came just hours after The Guardian and The Washington Post both broke another bombshell report detailing a program dubbed as “PRISM.” According to the reports, the program involves the National Security Agency and FBI tapping into the servers of nine leading Internet companies to extract information. Greenwald jump-started Thursday's discussion over civil liberties and government surveillance with a report late Wednesday night that detailed the NSA's collection of data from millions of Americans' phone records. “It's well past time that we have a debate about whether that's the kind of country and world in which we want to live,” Greenwald said on CNN. “We haven't had that debate because it's all done in secrecy and the Obama administration has been very aggressive about bullying and threatening anybody who thinks about exposing it or writing about it or even doing journalism about it. It's well past time that that come to an end.”
A chart prepared by the NSA, contained within the top-secret document obtained by the Guardian, underscores the breadth of the data it is able to obtain: email, video and voice chat, videos, photos, voice-over-IP (Skype, for example) chats, file transfers, social networking details, and more. (The Guardian)
A catholic monk stands in a doorway of the Latrun Trappist Monastery where Israeli police say vandals overnight have spray-painted anti-Christian and pro-settler graffiti and set the monastery's door on fire, in Latrun, between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel, Tuesday, Sept 4, 2012. Suspicion fell on Jewish settlers and their supporters who retaliate against anti-settlement measures, generally by attacking Palestinian property, but also by vandalizing Christian sites and Israeli military facilities. Earlier this week, the government ordered settlers out of two unauthorized enclaves in the West Bank. Some of the graffiti referred to unauthorized settler outposts and one read, "Jesus is a monkey." (AP Photo/Oded Balilty)
* Possible retaliation for settler eviction on Sunday
* Vandals daub name of settlement, profane graffiti
* Israel, Palestinian Authority condemn attack (Adds Israeli prime minister's comments, para 6)
JERUSALEM, Sept 4 (Reuters) - Vandals set fire to the doors of a Christian monastery in the Israeli-occupied West Bank on Tuesday and daubed pro-settler graffiti on its walls in a possible retaliation for the eviction of families from an unauthorised outpost.
The name of the unauthorised Migron outpost, cleared of Israeli settlers following a court order on Sunday, was scrawled on the well-known 19th century Latrun Monastery, alongside the words "Jesus is a monkey" in Hebrew, police said.
Israeli security officials had said they were worried Sunday's eviction of 50 families from Migron, in another part of the West Bank near Ramallah, might provoke more attacks by a vigilante settler group known as "Price Tag".
The "Price Tag" name refers to retribution some Israeli settlers say they will exact for any attempt by their government to curb settlement in the West Bank, an area Palestinians want as part of a future state.
The group has targeted mosques and, less commonly, Christian churches, regarding any non-Jewish religious sites as an intrusion on the land.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned Tuesday's attack. "This is a heinous act and those responsible for it must be punished severely. Freedom of religion and worship are basic fundamentals in Israel," a statement from his office said.
Palestinian Christian academic Bernard Sabella told Reuters that the attack, and others like it, had been carried out by "groups of extremist Jews who do not want Muslims or Christians to remain in this country".
Saeb Erekat, a senior Palestinian official, issued a statement accusing the Israeli government of not doing enough to prosecute the attackers.
An Israeli rabbi from a liberal wing of Judaism visited the monastery and called the attack an "ugly event".
"As a rabbi and as an Israeli citizen I am ashamed today and I am deeply troubled by the fact that this is not the first time that such an event takes place in Israel, " Rabbi Gilad Kariv, the head of the Israel Movement for Reform and Progressive Judaism, told Reuters Television.
"We need to make sure that the other faiths, other communities feel secure here," Kariv added.
The Latrun monastery is near Jerusalem on land Israel captured in the 1967 war, and then annexed, in a step that has never been recognised internationally. It is surrounded by a valley, close to the West Bank's "Green Line" boundary with Israel, where fighting took place in two Arab-Israeli wars.
Police said they had launched an investigation into the attack.
Mitt Romney has been rousing military-minded voters with warnings of giant defense cuts in January, but he's only telling half the story. An alarming White House report issued Friday shows that the full impact of next year's ham-handed budget cuts would affect virtually every government function, not just the Pentagon.
From the Secret Service to food inspection to air traffic control, a broad range of programs would be cut by at least 7.6 percent, whether they are essential or frivolous. A few categories are exempt, including Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries, Social Security , veterans affairs and military personnel. Everything else would be run through a Procrustean band saw, a mindless way to govern.
These cuts, known as the sequester, were the result of the debt-limit crisis created by House Republicans last year, when they threatened to throw the government into default if the deficit were not reduced. President Obama and the Democrats tried to respond with a balanced package of spending reductions and tax increases on the rich. But when Republicans refused the deal, the two sides agreed on a different incentive: $100 billion a year in indiscriminate cuts to programs that each side holds dear.
So far, though, it hasn't produced any serious negotiation on the deficit. The House, as recently as Thursday, has made several attempts to cancel only the defense sequester and double the size of the domestic cuts. That won't fly with the Senate or the White House.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The release of the sequester details, however, might change the equation and transform the debate from abstract politics into a concrete and eye-opening reality. An across-the-board 9.4 percent slashing of the defense budget will mean $6.9 billion from the operation and maintenance of the Army, and $4.3 billion each from the Navy and the Air Force. There are huge cuts to equipment, as well as cuts to chemical and nuclear demilitarization.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The cuts to domestic spending, mostly at 8.2 percent, are even broader. A few examples: $1 billion from special education funds; $2.3 billion from low-income rental assistance, likely affecting 277,000 households; $86 million from food safety and inspection; $735 million from the F.B.I. ; and $136 million from the Secret Service.
With American embassies now under siege, $129 million would be cut from embassy security, construction and maintenance. Medicare providers would be cut by 2 percent, or $11 billion. And there would be cuts to Congressional expenses (though the salaries of lawmakers would not be touched).
Resuming the music video series after a break, High Peaks Pure Earth present two more music videos by Tibetan singer Gebey from Ngaba, Amdo.
The music videos are from the same album as the previous songs by Gebey featured on High Peaks Pure Earth in November 2012, “Victory to Tibet” and “What We Have is Suffering”. Gebey's 2012 album can be seen in full on YouTube here: http://youtu.be/_FdvXS61qNM
Gebey's music has caused him to be arrested and re-arrested several times. At the end of May it was reported that Gebey had been arrested following a live performance in Ngaba Prefecture. The article on the New York Times' Sinosphere blog quotes Tibetan writer Woeser as saying that Gebey had barely resurfaced from a previous detention and was now detained again.
However, just yesterday, news outlets such as Radio Free Asia, were reporting that Gebey had been released back to his family. As Radio Free Asia tell us: “Before he was detained, Gebe had avoided contact with the police after Chinese authorities in 2012 banned and confiscated a recording he released that year which was deemed to contain nationalist themes, the source said. “He remained in hiding for some time until his detention on May 24.”
These are music videos number 49 and 50 translated by High Peaks Pure Earth since the Wednesday music video series started towards the end of 2012. Please go back and watch our other videos using this link: http://highpeakspureearth.com/category/music-from-tibet/
Below are the subtitled music video and translated lyrics of “I Am On My Way” and “Remembering the Place” by Gebey. High Peaks Pure Earth would like to thank Bhuchung D. Sonam of TibetWrites for the English translations:
“I Am On My Way” By Gebey from HPeaks on Vimeo.
“I Am On My Way”
By Gebey
Lyrics: Gebey
Music: Gebey
My brother in exile, I am on my way
With my eyes filled with tears, I am on my way
To talk about the Snowland, I am on my way
Remembering my protector lama, I am on my way
Remembering my protector lama, I am on my way
My best friend, I am on my way
To accumulate merit, I am on my way
Don't let your mind become unsettled, I am on my way
Remembering you my friend, I am on my way
Remembering you my friend, I am on my way
Brothers and sisters of the Snowland, I am on my way
To talk about the joys and sorrows of Tibet, I am on my way
Playing this piwang, I am on my way
To welcome the happiness for Tibet, I am on my way
To welcome the happiness for Tibet, I am on my way
[Translation by Bhuchung D. Sonam]
“Remembering the Place” By Gebey from HPeaks on Vimeo
“Remembering the Place”
Lyrics by Dongsod Ta
Music by Gebey
On the other side of the tall mountains
Lives the yellow-robed lama
Last year I offered a prayer from here
But this year I haven't seen his glowing face
I cannot bear this pain of missing my lama
But this year I haven't seen his glowing face
I cannot bear this pain of missing my lama
In a school where blossoms the Tibetan education
There are many intelligent students
Last year I sent a flag of knowledge
But this year I have not seen the flag
I cannot bear to think that they are asleep
But this year I have not seen the flag
I cannot bear to think that they are asleep
In the middle of a great town
Lives a man who promotes Tibetan language
Last year he was my best friend
This year he cannot be seen anywhere
I cannot bear this pain of not seeing him
This year he cannot be seen anywhere
I cannot bear this pain of not seeing him
I cannot bear this pain of not seeing him
[Translation by Bhuchung D. Sonam]
For those unable to view the videos on Vimeo, there is also a High Peaks Pure Earth YouTube channel here with our music videos: http://www.youtube.com/highpeakspureearth
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Skype
Telegram
Reddit
Email
Print
More
LinkedIn
Pocket
Pinterest
Tumblr
Earlier today, the Top Dawg Entertainment Twitter account retweeted a video of Kendrick Lamar addressing recent rumors of Lil Wayne's retirement and rapping along to a medley of Weezy tracks. You can watch the video below. In the middle of it, Kendrick stops to deliver a monologue addressing Wayne. “Talking about retiring and shit. Fuck that,” he says. “Retire, quitting rap, whatever you want to call it.” He comes back to the topic towards the end of the video saying, “I'm in the studio doing motherfucking features...I have seen you...2007...2008...I see you knock out ten motherfucking features in a row...back to back...” He ends by shouting “No! No!”
Kendrick also raps along to tracks including Wayne's “Gangsta Shit” and Hot Boys' “Ridin'” and “Respect My Mind.”
Last weekend, Wayne tweeted he was “defenseless and mentally defeated,” concluding, “I'm dun.” (He later clarified, “I'm good y'all don't trip.”). The tweets fueled rumors that Wayne might be soon retiring. Since then, artists including Chance the Rapper, Flying Lotus, Missy Elliot, Young Thug, Drake, and others have sent their support to him.
Long thought lost, little missed McDonald's mascot Ronald McDonald is back in the news. Not since back in 2011 when there was a call to retire the use of the character, has the news bothered covering this mascot. And what its covering is his covering: specifically that instead of wearing a yellow jumpsuit, he's now dressed relatively normally.
God knows why anyone would bother with a change like that. Ronald is, at the end of the day, a clown. That is his triumph or his failure. Either kids age 3-5 will find him charming because he's bright, superficially happy and colorful, or they will hate him because he's a clown and clowns are like adults gone wrong. Dressing business casual instead of in a jumpsuit isn't going to change that. But at least they didn't give him some sort of 90s EXTREME outfit.
It's not Gunaxin's position that the food McDonald's serves needs to change portions or anything. It's up to customers, especially parents to provide themselves and their dependents with a reasonable diet. Ronald is not an unfair way to appeal to children or anything of the kind. If anything, he's frankly McDonald's giving itself a handicap to level the playing field.
The real question remains: Why not appeal to their consumers mischievous side and make the Hamburglar their mascot? Or maybe they could go with the Grimace? What is that thing anyways?
Chelsea Clinton, the former first daughter, has jumped to the defence of Barron Trump after a report criticised the way he dressed.
While his mother Melania receives most of the attention in the family when it comes to fashion, the 11-year-old has caused a stir of his own for his style choices.
Two months ago, President Donald Trump's youngest son set social media alight by wearing a blue T-shirt that said "the Expert" on the front.
And on Sunday night, the "first boy" caused a stir again when he returned to the White House with his father and mother wearing another J. Crew T-shirt that bore the phrase "On your mark tiger shark", along with an image of a shark.
Preach! Barron is a tshirt expert pic.twitter.com/KF920ZAE0n
— Ben Fox Rubin (@benfoxrubin) August 21, 2017
While many social media users praised his style, right-wing website The Daily Caller was not impressed.
"Barron looked like he was hopping on Air Force One for a trip to the movie theater," an article said, under the headline "It's High Time Barron Trump Starts Dressing Like He's In the White House".
It concluded: "The youngest Trump doesn't have any responsibilities as the president's son, but the least he could do is dress the part when he steps out in public."
Ms Clinton, who lived in the White House from the age of 12 to 20, tweeted a link to the article, saying: "It's high time the media & everyone leaves Barron Trump alone & let him have the private childhood he deserves."
It's high time the media & everyone leaves Barron Trump alone & let him have the private childhood he deserves https://t.co/Wxq51TvgDX
— Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) August 21, 2017
It is not the first the 37-year-old daughter of Hillary and Bill Clinton has leapt to the defence on Barron.
Related:
After the young boy was mocked by comedians and social media users for looking bored on inauguration day, Ms Clinton, a friend of Barron's sister Ivanka, said the boy should be allowed to “be a kid”.
“Barron Trump deserves the chance every child does - to be a kid,” she tweeted on Sunday.
Barron Trump is the first boy since John F Kennedy Jr to live in the White House.
He has spent his life living in Trump Tower, where he has a whole floor to himself – close to his grandparents. He speaks Slovenian with them and with his mother.
He was thrust into the spotlight on election night when he stood alongside his father as he celebrated his victory. Since then, the media attention has grown, even apparently becoming a manga character in Japan.
Shared Prosperity
On shared prosperity — defined as the growth in income of the bottom 40 percent in each country — the picture looks mixed. In 70 of the 91 countries for which data were available, incomes of the bottom 40 percent improved between 2010 and 2015. In addition, in 54 percent of those 91 countries, their income grew faster than the average. Progress in East and South Asia has been more impressive with the bottom 40 percent growing annually by 4.7 percent and 2.6 percent respectively from 2010 to 2015. Latin America and the Caribbean saw less growth in shared prosperity than in the recent past, but at 3.2 percent per year the bottom 40 experienced sizeable income growth. Strong income growth among the bottom 40 is also observed among various Baltic countries, as they recover from the crisis in the late 2000s.
However, slow economic progress is hindering shared prosperity in some regions, particularly in some Europe and Central Asia which experienced negative or low levels of shared prosperity. More worrying, among poorer economies monitored in which extreme poverty rates remain high (particularly those in Sub-Saharan Africa), income growth at the bottom has on average been lower than in the rest of the world. In two-thirds of the 14 extremely poor countries, average incomes are increasing at an annual rate below the global average of 2 percent. Another worry is that data needed to assess shared prosperity is weakest in the very countries that most need it to improve. Only one in four low-income countries and four of the 35 recognized fragile and conflict-affected states have data that allows us to monitor shared prosperity over time. Since a lack of reliable data is associated with slow income growth for the poorest, the situation could be even worse than currently observed.
DOWNLOAD CHAPTER
Review on The North Face Gloves Power Stretch, the best winter gloves for most purposes, warmth and comfort without bulk. All size for men, women, kids and toddlers.
Best structure fitting gloves. They fit well, feel great, and shut out wind and chilly. There is great scope of movement when wearing them. They aren't super warm yet they're a decent bargain between cumbersome winter gloves and those flimsy modest sew gloves.
See Product Details: The North Face Powerstretch Glove
Being structure fitting “The North Face Gloves Power Stretch” underneath weatherproof or thicker gloves. I essentially got them on the grounds that I get truly split and dry delivers the winter, however, dislike wearing the massive winter gloves constantly. Also, sew gloves once in a while get remaining details that get stuck on my broken skin.
These gloves I really need to wear in light of the fact that they are agreeable and I can even now utilize my hands when wearing them; so my poor split knuckles and hands get shielded from the wind and icy fine for my needs.
The North Face Powerstretch Glove is the hottest and most agreeable liner style gloves I've attempted on. I wear these all the time also as glove liners inside my ski gloves when I ski and need waterproof security. These are hotter, thicker, and more agreeable than the fresher The North Face Gloves Power Stretch.
Undoubtedly, these things feel better than some other glove I've attempted on, beside cashmere lined gloves which won't hold up in ski conditions. As formerly noted, The North Face Glove doesn't feel as pleasant, and Bula's gloves are close.
I truly feel like The gloves protect my hands consummately, as much as can be normal without being a thick ski glove. Keep in mind, protection is not simply a matter what the glove is made of; it is a matter of how thick the material is and how well it is sewed.
I've utilized different brands shell liners, and most feel more slender and let more chilly air through.
I have no such grumblings here. The main another brand I may prescribe is Bula, whose comparable liner feels around 80% as warm for a large portion of the cost in stores, yet just about $10 less expensive online. I'm not certain if these are the ones I attempted on The North Face Power Stretch Glove.
I am on my second match of these gloves, and I swear by them. I just expected to purchase a second match on the grounds that I lost my privilege glove from my first combine. I envision that they may thin after rehashed washings, yet I don't wash my gloves too habitually.
All the more ineffectively built gloves will regularly create openings or tears along the creases; however I have not encountered any harm with these gloves.
This online store's cost appears to be altogether superior to the costs I've seen in stores. I as of now don't see these gloves any longer at huge retailers like Games Power they've been supplanted by the Etap style.
At the ski shops, these are frequently stamped at $28-$50. The delivery is made very quickly so you need nothing else after making the order.
Have your hands covered during winter with The North Face Gloves Power Stretch?
Season two of Mr. Robot is coming, and -- if the first season was any indication -- it should have some of the coolest music on TV. While we wait, here are the songs from season one to import into your next party playlist.
eps1.0_hellofriend.mov
“If You Go Away, “ Neil Diamond
“New Brave,” CTZNSHP
“Bright and Optimistic A,” Martin Price, Lee Pomeroy
eps1.1_ones-and-zer0es.mpeg
“Fist of God,” MSTRKRFT
“Quiet Dog,” Mos Def
“Chill Out ft. Kid,” Robert Chadd Henley, Brian Kelly Defeo, Samuel M. Coleman
“Symphony No. 7 in A – Allegretto,” Beethoven
eps1.2_d3bug.mkv
“By the Way,” Jerry Honigman
“Steal My Sunshine,” LEN
“Later,” Denis Mortiz, Eike Hosenfeld
“Open Tales,” Bora York
"Norma: Act 1: Casta Diva," Vincenzo Bellini
“What We Need Is Some Rock,” Just Water
“Obsession,” Animotion
eps1.3_da3m0ns.mp4
“Hell of a Night,” ScHoolboy Q
“Queen,” Perfume Genius
"Jacques"
eps1.4_3xpl0its.wmv
“Love On a Real Train,” Tangerine Dream
“Star-Forming Regions,” Daniel Burke, Brian Casey, Drew Darren, Brian Reidinger
“If Mama Ain't Happy A,” Rex Schnelle
“Violin Concerto No. 1 in B-Flat Major K. 207: Allegro Moderato,” Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
eps1.5_br4ve-trave1er.asf
"Some Velvet Morning," Lee Hazlewood & Nancy Sinatra
eps1.6_v1ew-s0urce.flv
“Pictures of You,” The Cure
“Two Weeks,” FKA Twigs
“Japanese Farewell Song,” Miyoshi Umeki
“Prowler,” Thorsten Benning, Christoph Cloeser, Morten Gass
eps1.7_wh1ter0se.m4v
“Gone,” M83
“Piano Concerto No. 20 In D Minor- Allegro,” Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
"Magic Flute - Der Holle Rach,” Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
eps1.8_m1rr0r1ng.qt
“Where Is My Mind,” Maxence Cyrin
“Kool Thing,” Sonic Youth
eps1.9_zer0-day.avi
“Sound and Color,” Alabama Shakes
“Got Your Money,” Ol Dirty Bastard
“Nearer My God To Thee,” Phillis Taylor Sparks
“Waltz 2 from Jazz Suite,” Dmitiri Shostakovich
“World Destruction,” Time Zone
“People Who Died,” Jim Carroll Band
Love the music of Mr. Robot? There's also an official soundtrack in the works! See when season two is premiering this summer and enter the world of Mr. Robot here.
It all came down to one final game. Game seven of the World Series. What every baseball fan dreams about, the biggest stage in all baseball. This is what it all comes down to and tonight history was made. There was so many smaller storylines surrounding one giant story. The battle of NL and AL Cy Young candidates, the probable NL MVP, two of the top managers in baseball, and on top, all the history for both teams. Over 150 years combined without a World Series victory between the two teams. One of the longest droughts in history ended tonight. The Cleveland Indians hosted the Chicago Cubs for the Championship. The Chicago Cubs make history as they win.
Chicago Cubs Make History
Cubs Respond to Indians Run
The Cubs took an early lead in the game, with Dexter Fowler hitting a lead-off home run. It took Cleveland just two innings to tie the game at one. However, the Cubs responded easily as they scored two runs in the top of the fourth. From their they never turned back.
These three runs they scored early were huge in this game. They scored off Cleveland ace Corey Kluber. Kluber had dominated the Cubs in game one of the series. He came back on three days' rest and beat Cubs in game four. The Cubs finally got to Kluber the third time around, as he came off three days' rest again.
The Indians also scored two runs in the bottom of the fifth inning to make the score 5-3. The Cubs responded yet again, this time off Andrew Miller. David Ross gave the Cubs a 6-3 lead after hitting a solo homerun.
Kyle Hendricks Pitches Well
Hendricks was the starter in the biggest game of his career. The pressure was immense surrounding the game, but he was able to keep his cool. Hendricks advanced the Cubs on an amazing outing in game six to beat the Dodgers in the NLCS. He came back and didn't give up a run in game three and led the Cubs to another playoff win.
Hendricks pitched four and two thirds innings. He gave up four hits and just a single run. His outing looked worse due to a couple of Cubs errors early in the game. When it comes down to it, he pitched a great game.
Cubs Beat the Indians Best
The Cubs had to face both the dominant Kluber and Miller in this game, and they successfully hit them. They put four runs up on Kluber in his four innings pitched. The Cubs hit the ball hard against him, collecting six hits. They took him deep twice and didn't strike out against the guy who had eight strikeouts through three innings in game one.
Miller came in to relieve Kluber in the fifth. He pitched two and a third innings and gave up four hits and two runs. Miller had been dominating the entire playoffs and the Cubs were able to hit him when it counted the most.
Cubs Use Late Heroics
The Cubs had to overcome the odds just one final time. They gave up a three run lead in the eighth inning, with two-thirds of the lead disappearing on a two-run shot by Rajai Davis. After a rain delay in extras, they pushed a run across in the 10th inning on a Ben Zobrist single. Miguel Montero plated another run with a single of his own, and the Cubs went on to win the game 8-7.
History is Made
The Chicago Cubs have won their first World Series since 1908. There was a ton of history and excitement surrounding these two teams. The Indians took a three games to one lead, and needed just one win as they headed back to Cleveland. The Cubs were able to overcome all odds and win three straight games. This may go down as one of the best series in the history of the sport.
Main Photo:
Does Protecting Older Workers from Discrimination Make It Harder to Get Hired? Evidence from Disability Discrimination Laws
NBER Working Paper No. 21379
Issued in July 2015, Revised in September 2015
NBER Program(s):Aging, Labor Studies
We explore the effects of disability discrimination laws on hiring of older workers. A concern with anti-discrimination laws is that they may reduce hiring by raising the cost of terminations and – in the specific case of disability discrimination laws – raising the cost of employment because of the need to accommodate disabled workers. Moreover, disability discrimination laws can affect non-disabled older workers because they are fairly likely to develop work-related disabilities, yet are not protected by these laws. Using state variation in disability discrimination protections, we find little or no evidence that stronger disability discrimination laws lower the hiring of non-disabled older workers. We similarly find no evidence of adverse effects of disability discrimination laws on hiring of disabled older workers.
The NBER Bulletin on Aging and Health provides summaries of publications like this. You can sign up to receive the NBER Bulletin on Aging and Health by email.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w21379
Published: David Neumark & Joanne Song & Patrick Button, 2017. "Does Protecting Older Workers From Discrimination Make It Harder to Get Hired? Evidence From Disability Discrimination Laws," Research on Aging, vol 39(1), pages 29-63.
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
Farmers may have fuelled the obesity epidemic by using antibiotics to fatten up livestock, a new study suggests.
Researchers found evidence that low exposure to the drugs upsets the delicate balance of gut bacteria which in turn alters metabolism.
The findings indicate a possible link between rising rates of obesity and modern farming methods.
For decades since the 1950s, farmers have used low non-therapeutic doses of antibiotics to increase the body weight of cows, sheep, pigs and chickens.
The practice has sparked fears of spreading antibiotic resistance as the drugs get into the food chain, leading to a tightening of the rules.
Using antibiotics to fatten up farm animals is now banned in the EU but still allowed in the US and other countries.
The new research suggests antibiotic use on farms may pose other risks besides breeding resistant bugs.
Exposure to the medicines may seriously impair the metabolic development of children, setting them up for a lifetime struggle with their weight.
As well as being exposed to antibiotics indirectly through the food chain, children are commonly given the drugs to treat minor ailments.
In the US, the average child now receives one antibiotic course per year.
“The rise of obesity around the world is coincident with widespread antibiotic use, and our studies provide an experimental linkage,” said lead researcher Professor Martin Blaser, from New York University School of Medicine in the US.
“It is possible that early exposure to antibiotics primes children for obesity later in life.” The scientists administered common antibiotics such as penicillin and vancomycin to weaning mice at similar doses as those used in agriculture.
The treatment altered the composition of gut bacteria in the mice which in turn led to metabolic changes, such as increased production of fatty acids. After about six weeks the mice had gained about 10 per cent to 15 per cent more fat mass than untreated mice.
“By using antibiotics, we found we can actually manipulate the population of bacteria and alter how they metabolise certain nutrients,” said co-author Dr Ilseung Cho, also from New York University.
“Ultimately, we were able to affect body composition and development in young mice by changing their gut microbiome through this exposure.” The findings are published today in the journal Nature.
Although it was known that antibiotics could fatten up animals, previously the mechanism involved was unclear.
Commenting on the results, Dr Cormac Gahan, from University College Cork, said: “These studies support an emerging body of evidence linking gut bacteria with the development of obesity.
“Other research has identified specific subgroups of gut bacteria that play a role in energy extraction from the diet and influence the production of hormones in the host. Disrupting this finely balanced ecosystem clearly has consequences for host metabolism and weight gain.”
British expert Professor Brendan Wren, form the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, said: “The role of the composition of our gut microflora is increasingly recognised as being important and has been linked to inflammatory bowel disease, metabolic disorders, immunity and obesity.
“It has been considered as the forgotten super organ in humans, and it is only now through advances in genome sequencing that we can assess the composition of the complex population of microbes in the gut.
“Indiscriminate use of antibiotics for livestock (often used to fatten animals), not only promotes the spread of antibiotic resistance, but can get in our food chain and affect the homeostasis of our gut microflora.”
(women's soccer) and Lucas O'Brian (men's basketball) both were named National Strength & Conditioning Association (NSCA) All-American Strength & Conditioning Athletes of the Year for the 2016-17 academic year, the organization recently announced.Kensing is coming off a sophomore season that saw her appear in 16 games, including seven starts) while playing 903 minutes. She scored one goal and assisted on another for a total of five points for the Roadrunners.Meanwhile, O'Brien played in all 33 games, including 13 starts, this past season and averaged 7.7 points and 4.8 rebounds in 19.8 minutes of action. He shot 44.8 percent from the field (87-of-194), 34 percent from the 3-point arc (35-of-103) and 74.6 percent from the free throw line (44-of-59).The NSCA awards its annual All-American Strength & Conditioning Athlete of the Year award to student-athletes who demonstrate consistency, discipline, perseverance and leadership in all facets of strength & conditioning while transforming that hard work into athletics accomplishments. These athletes are also recognized for their academic and personal accomplishments, as well as their integrity as a student-athlete.
(DM) Tommy Hilfiger said “any designer should be proud” to dress Melania Trump after another designer ruled out ever working with the incoming First Lady on political grounds.
The 65-year-old American designer praised Melania, 46, as ‘a very beautiful woman' and said her step-daughter Ivanka, 35, is “beautiful and smart.”
Speaking at the Angel Ball at Cipriani Wall Street in New York on Monday, he told Women's Wear Daily: “I don't think people should become political about it.”
It comes after New York-based French designer Sophie Theallet spoke out against president-elect Donald Trump in an incriminating open letter in which she said she would never work with his wife and urged others to follow her example.
Tommy said: “I think Melania is a very beautiful woman and I think any designer should be proud to dress her.
“Ivanka is equally beautiful and smart, although she wears her own clothes. I don't think people should become political about it.”
“Everyone was very happy to dress Michelle [Obama] as well. I think they look great in the clothes.”
He added: “You're not going to get much more beautiful than Ivanka or Melania.”
SHARE on Facebook and Twitter if you agree that Melania will make a great First Lady!
https://www.wedgies.com/question/should-trump-open-an-investigation-into-scalias-mysterious-death-f3tk8mabyj
A MAN who brutally bashed nine puppies to death with a brick has been jailed for at least 12 months as a court was told of the “excruciating pain and fear” felt by the dogs before their deaths.
media_camera Protesters celebrate the announcement that Nathan Thompson, 25, who killed nine puppies in Kurri Kurr, has received a prison sentence at Newcastle Court. Picture by Peter Lorimer
Nathan Thompson, 25, previously pleaded guilty to bashing the dogs with a brick in bushland near Kurri Kurri in the Hunter Valley in March when a court was told he had picked up the litter of 11 pups for free after answering an online ad.
Nine of the pups died in two callous separate bashing incidents on March 11, another died on the way to a vet, while one dog named Lucky remains the sole survivor.
media_camera The girlfriend and mother of Nathan Thompson are greeted by protesters as they leave Newcastle Court. Picture by Peter Lorimer
Thompson was sentenced yesterday to 18 months jail with a non-parole period of 12 months. Thompson told police he was aware that he could simply surrender the puppies to the RSPCA, but chose to kill them himself because he didn't have enough fuel in his car to make it to the local shelter.
The witness who reported the killings described the scene as a “massacre” and said he had seen Thompson beating the animals to death with a brick.
media_camera Terrier Ruby joins protest media_camera Protester Kimberley Veldman outside court.
media_camera Protester Kimberley Veldman outside the court hearing. Picture: Peter Lorimer
Thompson's LegalAid solicitor, Rob Hussey, said his client was under the influence of methamphetamine when the killings took place. He asked that rehabilitation rather than full-time jail be considered, submitting that the way the dogs were killed was a“relatively painless exercise”.
But police prosecutor Jamie Palmer pushed for a jail term, given Thompson had killed several pups before being seen, then went to another location to continue killing the dogs.
media_camera RSPCA Chief Inspector Dave OShannessy at Newcastle Court after the verdict. Picture by Peter Lorimer
Thompson's charges of serious animal cruelty and aggravated animal cruelty carried a maximum five-year jail term.
Magistrate Robert Stone said he was “firmly” of the opinion that only a sentence of full-time custody was appropriate, however he was obliged to award Thompson a 25 per cent discount due to his early guilty plea.
Mr Stone, who assessed Thompson as having a medium to high risk of re-offending, did not accept the assertion that he was under the influence of ice.
Post-mortem examinations showed the pups killed in the second beatings suffered greater head trauma than those in the first. RSPCA officers concluded that they would have suffered “excruciating pain and fear” prior to their deaths.
Security inside and outside the Newcastle court yesterday was tightened for the sentencing, with fears a group of protesters outside the building could disrupt proceedings.
In the summer of 1979, the director Werner Herzog found himself in the Peruvian river-port city of Iquitos preparing for “Fitzcarraldo,” a period epic starring Jason Robards and Mick Jagger that he planned to shoot in the rain forest. Two and a half years later, he was still there, struggling to finish. Robards and Jagger had long since quit, rendering their footage unusable. Locals had set fire to the filmmakers' camp; the crew fled waving white flags. Robards's replacement, the German actor Klaus Kinski, had proved so difficult that two Indian chiefs who witnessed his behavior approached Herzog and helpfully offered to murder him. Another member of the filmmaking team had gone completely insane, grabbed a machete and taken hostages. By then, surrounded by bugs and snakes and rooting pigs, beset by injuries and chronically, critically short of money, Herzog apparently found nothing particularly outlandish in what was happening, so consumed was he by a film that all reason suggested he should have abandoned several crises earlier. “I live my life or I end my life with this project,” he said.
“Fitzcarraldo” — which Herzog did indeed finish — has endured long and well in the hearts not only of movie lovers but of connoisseurs of production disasters, partly because the film itself seems to mirror the story of its making. It's a half masterpiece, half folly about a gesture both grand and grandiose — an attempt by a would-be impresario (Kinski) to build an opera house in the wilds of Peru, a venue he imagines might someday showcase Enrico Caruso. This desire necessitates the deployment of hundreds of Indians to haul an immense ship up a steep mountain ridge, a Sisy­phean metaphor that's no less effective for being so explicit.
The movie and its making are both fables of daft aspiration, investigations of the blurry border between having a dream and losing one's mind. So it's no surprise that in some ways, the backstory has lingered longer than the story. The trials of “Fitzcarraldo”have already been the subject of one superb documentary, Les Blank's “Burden of Dreams,” and a book by the same name (edited by Blank and James Bogan). And Herzog himself returned to analyze his combustible relationship with his leading man — “Every gray hair on my head I call Kinski” — in his 1999 documentary, “My Best Fiend.”
To those fragments of illumination we can now add “Conquest of the Useless,” a compilation of Herzog's journals from June 1979 to November 1981, translated by Krishna Winston. (It was first published in Germany in 2004.) In the preface, Herzog warns us that the entries we're about to read do not represent “reports on the actual filming” but rather “inner landscapes, born of the delirium of the jungle.” Cinephiles may groan, as I did, upon discovering that he means it. Anyone hoping for a definitive or even comprehensible account of the making and near unmaking of “Fitzcarraldo”is going to be sorely disappointed by the unadorned, barely annotated materials presented here.
Photo
As the curtain rises, we find Herzog at the home of Francis Ford Coppola, where he is staying while he races to finish the script. It feels appropriate, since Coppola's own journey into jungle madness, “Apocalypse Now,” has just made its debut at Cannes. We anticipate a moment of baton passing, one world-class filmmaker handing some sort of cursed amulet of obsession to the next. It doesn't come. “Apocalypse Now”is never mentioned. Nor do we find out what Coppola's role, if any, in the future of “Fitzcarraldo” was intended to be. Nor do we learn what exactly has brought Herzog to his doorstep.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It never gets easier. Important figures arrive, then vanish, sometimes identified by first names only, their jobs, roles and relationships to Herzog mentioned only in passing a hundred pages later, or never. A book that cries out for interstitial explanations offers almost none, and the few that do appear only make matters worse. “Eight months expunged, as if I wished they had never happened,” Herzog interjects after an October 1979 entry. “A year of catastrophes, personal and related to my work.” Two paragraphs later, we pick up in July 1980, with no further light shed on those work-related catastrophes, although they presumably had some bearing on the story we're vainly attempting to piece together.
As I fly to NYC for the ninth time to host FinovateFall (the biggest ever—Thanks!), I'm in awe of how much the industry has grown since 2007. Fintech wasn't even a thing then, we were still stuck using the entire six syllables in “financial technology.” And in Sep 2007, we didn't have a sense of the financial debacle of 2008 we were about to witness, which has shaken things up in many unanticipated ways.
The amount of money going into the sector was a fraction of where we are today. I don't have good data for 2007, but my guess is that the $12.4 billion raised so far this year is 6x to 8x the amount raised in 2007 (YTD). Is that sustainable? Unlikely, but when you see a single Australian bank (Westpac) spending nearly US$1 billion per year, 80% of it earmarked for new technology, you get a sense of how much pent-up demand there is to modernize financial services.
In total, Celent estimates that worldwide IT spending by banks will be $200 billion this year:
North America = $64 billion
Europe = $64 billion
Asia/Pacific = $70 billion
And that's banks only. Gartner, which includes securities firms along with banks in its total, says global IT spending will top $500 billion this year.
Similar amounts are spent in the insurance industry where Celent estimates $175 billion will be spent this year:
North America = $79 billion
Europe = $55 billion
Asia/Pacific = $31 billion
Other = $11 billion
Adding it all together amounts to nearly $700 billion annually, or more than $3 trillion in the next five years. I think that explains why $12 billion has been invested by VCs and Private Equity so far this year. Granted, much of the financial institution spend is currently directed internally, but that doesn't mean it will stay that way. The entire API ecosystem is betting otherwise, and seems to be winning in many industries.
Based on those numbers, I'm not sure if we have a bubble. VC investing is high by historical standards, but given the opportunity, it may be relatively reasonable. It will depend a lot on how much the big spenders decide to outsource. And that's almost impossible to predict.
What is one sure-fired way to feed a conspiracy theory? Make a TV episode supposedly exposing a conspiracy theory and then, after alleged government pressure, have truTV yank that episode off the air. The episode was Jesse Ventura's Conspiracy Theory "Police State" about "secret" FEMA camps or fusion centers. There are still no public answers as to why this happened. It is, at the least, thought-provoking.
Although I did not see this episode when it aired, and had never seen Ventura's Conspiracy Theory series, I did watch the program via YouTube to see what all the fuss was about. "The secret government plan to spy on, round up, and imprison innocent Americans." Taken from the narrator's description, "Jesse Ventura uncovers a plot to force martial law on law abiding citizens, replace 50 states with 10 giant prison sectors, fill up hundreds of concentration camps with people like you and me, and pull the trigger with a disease pandemic."
According to Alex Jones, truTV pulled the episode from the airing schedule due to government threats. Jones added that he isn't allowed to talk about it, something to do with government men in black showing up, and "they are now remotely erasing it off of DVRs." In theory, these videos posted at the bottom of this article are not expected to stay up on YouTube very long before being pulled. I advise you to also watch it and see if it makes you go hmmmm.
The thing is, I do watch what is happening to our freedom and our privacy, innocent people in peace groups put on watchlists, so there were many things I did know in this episode and many that I did not. The huge stockpile of hundreds of thousands of plastic coffins, that can hold four bodies each, is very creepy and only a tiny piece of the puzzle. But be warned, allegedly you can also land on a watchlist for being a conspiracy theorist.
According to the ACLU, the number of fusion centers jumped from 40 to at least 72. ACLU'S Mike German, a 16-year veteran of the FBI's Special Agent in domestic terrorism, said fusion centers have no guidelines and no oversight.
During Ventura's exposé, he says, "That Government plan to suspend the Constitution, declare martial law, and round up anyone deemed a National Security threat, it's documented; it's called Rex 84. It was cooked up under the Reagan Administration by Col. Oliver North." He adds that the Council of Governors, established by President Obama on Jan. 11, 2010, divides America into 10 sectors. In case of a national emergency, the country is quarantined into these sectors and the president can send in the military and round up dissidents. Where would these people be taken?
FEMA camps? Ventura and Jones visited "residential centers" that were designed by Halliburton and others to hold whole families. Ventura said they look like prisons with barbed wire, double fences, railroad tracks just like Nazi Germany, and were intended for rounding up immigrants, aliens and also dissidents. The bill H.R. 645 called for the creation of these camps to be run by Homeland Security.
Activist William Lewis on Ventura's show said he has found over 800 detention facilities -- concentration prison camps. They can even be found on old military bases; a way to spot them is supposedly the barbed wire. If the barbed wire is turned inward, it's meant to keep the people in from getting out. Most barbed wire that protects facilities is designed pointing outward to keep people from getting in.
Then Ventura and Jones traveled to Madison, Georgia, where they saw hundreds of thousands of stacked plastic coffins that could hold four bodies per container. Again, the trail seemed to lead to a Halliburton contract. These "coffins" were "officially plastic grave liners with lids." Shortly after taking video of this mass coffin pileup, workers came in and hauled off the coffins. Jones added that he believes FEMA and the CDC may intend to trigger a pandemic to bring in martial law.
In 2009, Popular Science debunked FEMA Camps and the reasoning for the "500,000 plastic coffins" -- just in case you want on opposing investigation viewpoint.
Ventura tried to get answers about the facilities, including why the posted sign on the residential facility used the term "escape" -- which usually implies someone inside is being held against their will. There were many "no comment" answers, even when Ventura went to talk to the congressmen who helped sponsor H.R. 645 and the creation of these "concentration camps." Congressman Jim Gerlach of Pennsylvania "left his office" when Ventura showed up for an interview. Another co-sponsor of H.R. 645, Congressman Steve Cohen of Tennessee, said FEMA camps "don't exist."
If you don't intend to watch "Police State Fema Camps," then you should at least consider watching this portion. Congressman Cohen denies the existence of these camps; when asked why would we be building FEMA camps and their purpose, Cohen states, "Well we wouldn't because they don't exist. It's just a figment of some people's who have concerns about maybe Martians or other creatures coming to infiltrate our society thinking there are such camps."
Ventura replied, "I have fear of my government, not green monsters in machines from outer space."
Cohen, in reply to Ventura's question about children being kept there, said, "I don't know who the children are and the children are probably very happy."
I'm fairly certain I've seen lines like that in movies where sick Nazis have children in concentration camps. It's flat out creepy. The entire episode is disturbing and thought-provoking, whether you decide you agree with this conspiracy theory or not. But if it's not basically true, then why would the government allegedly place pressure on truTV to stop it from airing again like all the other episodes do? The part that is no conspiracy for certain? This episode has well and truly been removed from truTV...so if it was censored, how much more of this is true? It provokes deep thoughts of "hmmmm" at the very least.
This was about 20 years ago when I was the aide to the Army Chief of Staff in the Pentagon and Colin Powell was the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
One of my fellow aides overheard the joint chiefs killing time before they were waiting for the arrival of a foreign dignitary. And the topic of conversation turned to examples of true importance. And what it really meant to be truly important.
And after a bit of banter, one of the chiefs offered what seemed to be quite a good opinion on this.
In my view, he said, true importance is a meeting with the President of the United States in the Oval Office, during which the President asks all of the other attendees to leave so that he can do a 'one on one' just with you.
"All the chiefs nodded at that.
But then another chief chimed in. 'Actually chiefs, he asserted, 'true importance is a 'one on one' meeting with the President in the Oval Office during which the President is so intent on what you are saying that he doesn't even answer the hotline when it rings'.
Well that had all the heads nodding in agreement. Until General Powell , a man who had, of course, as the National Security Advisor, spent quite a bit of time in the Oval Office, settled the question once and for all.
"Chiefs," he said authoritatively, "true importance is a personal meeting with the President in the Oval Office, during which when the hotline rings, the President answers the phone, holds it out and says - Here Colin, it's for you".
Capture of rare rhino gives hope for species
Updated
Malaysian wildlife authorities say the capture of a young Borneo Sumatran rhino gives them a last chance to save the highly endangered species from extinction.
The female rhino, aged between 10 and 12, was caught on December 18 and is being kept in the Tabin Wildlife Reserve in Sabah on the Malaysian area of Borneo island.
It is hoped it will breed with a lone captive male.
"All of us in Sabah are relieved that we have been able to capture this rhino after almost a year-and-a-half," Borneo Rhino Alliance director Junaidi Payne said.
The female rhino, which has been named Puntung, was caught in a joint operation by the Borneo Rhino Alliance and the Sabah Wildlife Department.
"This is now the very last chance to save this species, one of the most ancient forms of mammal," Laurentius Ambu, director of the Sabah Wildlife Department, said in a statement.
Puntung had been specifically targeted since early 2010 as the mate for a 20-year-old male rhino named Tam, who was rescued from an oil palm plantation in August 2008.
"It is an ideal age for breeding. Puntung and Tam are being kept in adjacent paddocks. They can see each other and there is some communication," Mr Payne said.
Previous attempts in the 1980s and 1990s to breed Borneo Sumatran rhinos failed, but Mr Payne is "cautiously optimistic" the latest captive breeding program will succeed.
The critically endangered Sumatran rhino is a mostly solitary animal except for courtship and rearing young.
Mr Payne says the main threat to the survival of species "is there are so few and they do not mate in the wild".
The breeding program is important because it is estimated only between 30 and 50 of the Borneo sub-species of the Sumatran rhinos are known to remain in the wild in Borneo.
It is distinguished from other Sumatran rhinos by its relatively small size, small teeth and distinctively shaped head.
Mr Payne attributes the sharp decline in the population to previously being hunted for use in traditional Chinese medicine.
AFP
Topics: endangered-and-protected-species, environment, conservation, malaysia
First posted
Originally published January 6, 2014 at 6:33 PM | Page modified January 7, 2014 at 12:05 PM
With its defense, and the possibility of Percy Harvin playing, Seattle looks good going into playoffs
At various times this year, I've heard a comparison that should send shivers up the spine of every Seahawks fan. The good news is, Percy Harvin might be on the way to make it all moot.
According to this line of thinking (which sounds more like a paranoid fever dream), the Seahawks are in danger of being the football equivalent of the 2001 Mariners. That is, a team that dominated in the regular season, but is not built for playoff success.
All the Mariners got for those record-breaking 116 wins was a narrow series triumph over the Indians in the first playoff round (and they had to win the final two games to achieve that), followed by an unceremonious ouster in the League Championship Series at the hands of the Yankees, who dominated them in five games.
Just like that, six months of euphoria and wishful World Series dreaming went poof. It was the ultimate anticlimax, though the Sept. 11 attacks allowed one to put a sporting disappointment in its proper perspective.
According to this theory, the Seahawks' ultimate downfall on the road to the Super Bowl will be their offense, which over the final four games averaged just 19.3 points and 263 yards.
Their shortage of elite players on that side of the ball will catch up to them — or so the thinking goes — when they begin to face the cream of the crop. The Mariners, with tremendous depth that served them beautifully over 162 games, but no lockdown ace, were overwhelmed by the Yankees' blue-chip playoff rotation of Andy Pettitte, Mike Mussina and Roger Clemens.
The three other teams remaining in the NFC (the Panthers, Saints and 49ers) ranked second, fourth and fifth, respectively, in the NFL in scoring defense. That leaves the Seahawks vulnerable to having their offense, which has sputtered down the stretch, shut down to an extent they won't be able to overcome it in a loser-out scenario.
I don't buy this theory, for any number of reasons. For one, the Seahawks have an excellent quarterback, which compensates for a lot of other deficiencies. They are playing all their pre-Super Bowl games at CenturyLink Field, where they are nearly impenetrable (though a loss to Arizona in their next-to-last game showed they can indeed be beaten at home).
They've already beaten the other three remaining NFC teams — San Francisco and New Orleans decisively at home, Carolina narrowly on the road to open the season. Most important, the Seahawks have the best defense in the league, teeming with elite players, which will allow them to win if the game turns into a fistfight.
But the best antidote to this entire scenario would be the return of Harvin, who was acquired, at tremendous expense in both money and draft picks, precisely to push the Seahawks over the top.
In his lone appearance this season against Minnesota on Nov. 17, Harvin gave a tantalizing glimpse of the game-changing potential of a player who produced at least 100 total yards in 34 of 54 games with Minnesota.
Though he played just 16 snaps, Harvin made a one-handed catch for 17 yards that eventually led to one touchdown, and returned a kickoff 58 yards to set up another.
But that wasn't the half of it. His mere presence in that game caused the Vikings (who knew better than anyone what he's capable of doing) to focus considerable defensive attention on Harvin, who lined up wide, in the slot and in the backfield.
That played a part in Doug Baldwin getting open for a 44-yard reception and Ricardo Lockette for 27 yards. Harvin even delivered a key block on a 23-yard gain by Marshawn Lynch, and induced a pass interference call that was negated by a hold on Russell Okung.
The great mystery, of course, is whether Harvin's hip will hold up well enough to allow him to play at full capacity — or at all. But even a semblance of Harvin's explosiveness provides a threat that will benefit the entire offense.
The fact that Harvin played in just one regular-season game will be meaningless if he can produce now. He can still deliver precisely what the Seahawks got him for — to turn a very good team into one that can thrive in the white-hot spotlight of the postseason.
That's not to say the Seahawks are unbeatable with Harvin. This is the NFL postseason, where strange, unforeseen turns of events are commonplace. Nor are they doomed if he can't go. This team produced the NFC's best record despite having Harvin for just one game, and they remain supremely confident in their ability, with or without him.
But for those with a fatalistic bent — part and parcel of being a Seattle sports fan, it seems — the sight of Harvin trotting out onto the field on Saturday will help erase the specter of the 2001 Mariners.
Larry Stone: 206-464-3146 or lstone@seattletimes.com.
Image caption The Trefael Stone, seen here with a metre-long measuring stick, is probably the capstone of a Stone Age burial chamber
Archaeologists are to exhume and analyse human bones found under a prehistoric monument only recently identified as a burial site cap.
The Trefael Stone in Pembrokeshire was thought to be just one of many linked to nearby Bronze Age locations.
But it has now been reclassified after a survey established it as the capstone of a Stone Age ritual burial chamber.
The survey revealed the location, near Nevern, has been used for ritual burials for at least 5,500 years.
It's extremely exciting. It's one of those once-in-a-lifetime finds Dr George Nash, Archaeologist
An archaeological team from the University of Bristol has been given permission to examine the human bones found there along with beads and shards of pottery.
The importance of the stone has been overlooked since it first appeared on maps in 1889.
The first suggestion it may be more significant than one of Wales' many prehistoric standing stones was in 1972 when archaeologist Frances Lynch suggested it could be a dolmen, or burial chamber.
University of Bristol visiting fellow Dr George Nash and colleagues Thomas Wellicome and Adam Stanford held an excavation in September 2010 and returned again last year.
Image caption The research found a number of new cupmarks, as shown by the tracing
As well as unearthing the human remains, beads and pottery, they found a stone cist - a half-metre long coffin-like container - which they estimate was put there in the later Bronze Age.
The find indicates the site may have been reused as a burial location long after the original stone chamber was built.
Their findings suggest it may prove to be Wales' earliest Neolithic ritual burial location and one of the earliest in Western Europe.
Dr Nash said he knew of Lynch's 1972 comment on the stone, and that no geophysical survey or excavation had been carried out.
He said: "I've always had this hunch that it could be much bigger. It's extremely exciting. It's one of those once-in-a-lifetime finds."
The stone is already noted for a number cupmarks or circular holes gouged out during its ritual use in the Neolithic and Bronze Age ceremonies.
The archaeologists found a further 30 cupmarks of varying size on the 1.2m high stone.
Dr Nash said they were able to establish the site was stone burial chamber, built from giant boulders, going back to around 3,500 BC, which was then dismantled about 2,000 BC.
The capstone was then used as a procession marker standing stone pointing to nearby Bronze Age locations he said.
Image caption The Trefael Stone, seen here during an excavation, is probably the capstone of a Stone Age burial chamber
The beads suggest the location may be associated with burials long before even the burial chamber was built, as they may relate to a nearby Mesolithic site dating back 10,000 years, he said.
Dr Nash said the team were amazed that any artefacts were found at the site given the acidic nature of the soil, centuries of agriculture and the area's popularity over the generations with people seeking to unearth ancient treasures.
Dr Nash said: "The soils around this site are very acidic, so I'm astonished how the pottery and the bones have survived all this time.
"It's a big problem in Wales because of a lot of sites have been excavated by antiquarians who have just dug a hole looking for goodies, then taken what they want but have wrecked the site.
"What we have found is extremely rare."
Rock art
The Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales has updated its records on the basis of Dr Nash's work.
Dr Nash said the Ministry of Justice had since licensed the team to remove the bones for analysis, including radiocarbon dating, when they return to the site in September.
The Trefael Project is run by members of the Welsh Rock Art Organisation (WRAO), which is a member of the International Federation of Rock Art Organizations (IFRAO).
WRAO is a non-profit research body specially interested in the researching and promoting prehistoric rock art in Wales.
WASHINGTON, D.C. – The FBI Vault provides ample documentation that then Attorney General Robert Mueller, like his successor James Comey, closed several different criminal investigations into Clinton Foundation activity, without producing any recommendations for criminal indictments.
During Mueller's term as FBI Director, the FBI dismissed repeated “pay-to-play” accusations that Frank Giustra paid the Clintons millions of dollars to induce Bill and Hillary to wield public influence in the United States, Kazakhstan and Russia, to assist Giustra in a complex scheme that ended up with Giustra's Canadian company, Uranium One, controlling some 20 percent of all the uranium mined in the United States.
As detailed here, from 2005 to 2013, the public record suggests Giustra was responsible for hundreds of millions of dollars in “charitable donations” to the Clinton Foundation and hundreds of thousands of dollars to Bill Clinton in speaking fees that are suspected of violating numerous federal, state and international violations of the laws regulating the operation, administration and financial reporting of charitable entities.
Curing HIV in Kazakhstan
The Clinton-Giustra tag-team effort to reap riches from uranium traces to September 6, 2005, when Bill Clinton and Frank Giustra just happened to be in Almaty, Kazakhstan on the same day.
Clinton was there to announce a Clinton Foundation agreement enabling the government to buy low-cost HIV drugs at a time when the HIV problem in Kazakhstan was virtually non-existent (only 1,500 cases reported) and the generic drugs Clinton was peddling were found to be defectively manufactured by the Indian drug-company Ranbaxy, and as such ineffective in combating the disease.
Giustra was there to see if he could talk his way into an ownership interest in several uranium mines, knowing that Kazakhstan was the world's largest producer of uranium. Mukhtar Dzhakishev, then president of Kazatomprom, the government agency that runs Kazakhstan's uranium mines and nuclear energy industry, has subsequently revealed that then Senator Hillary Clinton had pressured Kazakh officials to secure the deal for Giustra.
The New York Times reported in 2008 that once the 2005 uranium agreement with Kazakhstan was final, the next year, in 2006, Giustra returned the windfall to Clinton by donating $31.3 million to the Clinton Foundation to help fight HIV/AIDS in Africa, as a payoff, a gift that remained secret until one month before the New York Times published the exposé.
“The gift, combined with Mr. Giustra's more recent and public pledge to give the William J. Clinton Foundation an additional $100 million, secured Mr. Giustra a place in Mr. Clinton's inner circle, an exclusive club of wealthy entrepreneurs in which friendship with the former president has its privileges,” the New York Times article in question reported.
Millions in Toronto fund-raisers go missing
In 2006, Giustra threw a “star-studded 60th birthday bash” for Bill Clinton at the Fairmont Royal York Hotel in Toronto. The Star in Toronto reported actor Kevin Spacey emceed the event that included appearances by Billy Crystal and Bon Jovi. The Vancouver Sun reported the birthday party netted a $21 million “donation” for the Clinton Foundation.
Then, in May 2008, Giustra threw another fundraiser bash in Toronto that raked in $16 million for the Clinton Foundation. By 2008, Clinton and Giustra had enough time to concoct what they called the “Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative,” a new program managed under the auspices of Clinton Foundation that apparently was never registered in Canada or in the United States as a charity.
As was standard operating procedure for the Clinton Foundation, neither the $21 million reportedly raised in the 2006 Toronto fundraiser or the $16 million raised at the 2008 Toronto fundraiser showed up as separately listed, accounted for, or otherwise described in the Clinton Foundation annual reports, audited financial statements, or IRS Form 990s filed with federal regulators in 2006 or 2008.
Because of the lack of detail in the audited financial statements and IRS Form 990s filed by the Clinton Foundation with state and federal regulators, it is impossible to tell whether or not the dollars raised in either Giustra-sponsored fundraiser in Canada was actually deposited in the Clinton Foundation accounts.
The only relevant number reported in Clinton Foundation annual audited financial reports and IRS Form 990s is a total number that lumps together all “contributions” to the Clinton Foundation, without specifying what the fundraisers were or how much money each contributed.
Even more confusing, the totals in the Clinton Foundation audited annual reports and IRS Form 990s for the same year to not typically agree precisely. The Clinton Foundation annual audited financial report prepared by accountants BKD in Little Rock listed total contributions for the year at $134,217,961, and for grants at $1,599,407. The Clinton Foundation IRS Form 990 filed for 2006 listed total contributions and grants at $135,817,368.
There is no mention of 2006 Giustra Toronto birthday bash in either document. The same pattern holds for 2008. The Clinton Foundation annual audited financial report prepared by accountants BKD in Little Rock listed total contributions for the year at $80,194,526, and for grants at $103,622,570. The Clinton Foundation IRS Form 990 filed for 2006 listed total contributions and grants at $184,146,859.
There is also no mention of the 2006 or 2008 Giustra Toronto fundraiser in either document.
Creation of Uranium One
In 2004, Giustra (who started his career as a penny-stock dealer) had attracted investors to put together a company that was eventually called UrAsia Energy Ltd.
In 2005, when UrAsia acquired the uranium contracts from Kazakhstan, uranium was trading at $22.00 per pound.
In February 2007, when a South African mining company agreed to pay $3.1 billion to acquire UrAsia in a reverse merger, uranium was trading at $113.00 a pound.
When the acquisition reverse merger was completed, the surviving company assumed the name Uranium One. To appreciate Giustra' windfall profits, consider that Uranium One paid $7.05 a share to acquire UrAsia, a company whose shares two years earlier, in 2005, were trading at merely 10 cents a share.
As noted, the Uranium One acquisition was a reverse merger. When the complex transaction was final, Giustra and his shareholders ended up owning 61 percent of Uranium One.
Then, in June 2008, the Russian State Atomic Nuclear Agency, Rosatom, began negotiations to make an investment in Uranium One. In June 2009, Rosatom subsidiary ARMZ bought a 17 percent stake in Uranium One. According to a New York Times timeline, between 2008-2010 Uranium One and UrAsia investors make $8.66 million in donations to the Clinton Foundation.
In June 2010, ARMZ, the wholly-owned subsidiary of Rosatom that originally bought a 17 percent share in Uranium One sought to buy a majority 51 percent control of the company.
This transaction, subject to approval by Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, CIFUS, would give Russia access not only to the Kazakhstan uranium assets owned by Uranium One, but the U.S. uranium assets owned by Uranium One as well.
That same month, June 2010, Bill Clinton was in Moscow, being paid $500,000 to give one speech for Renaissance Capital, RenCap, a Cyprus registered corporation controlled by former Russian intelligence officers with close ties to Vladamir Putin.
The Clinton-Giustra Canadian foundation shell game
Clinton and Giustra appear to have created three entities represented as philanthropic enterprises.
In 2007, Clinton and Giustra launched the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership, “with the focus of creating social and economic development programs in parts of the world where poverty is widespread, including Colombia, Peru, Mexico and Haiti.”
A note in the William J. Clinton Foundation IRS Form 990 filed for 2007 documents the Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative, CGSGI, also launched in 2007, is a Clinton Foundation program designed to work with local communities, the private sector, governments and other non-governmental organizations “to develop new, practical models for businesses to spur sustainable social and economic development as an integral part of their operations in the developing world.”
This rather general language, typical for Clinton Foundation annual reports, audited financial statements, and IRS Form 990s, suggests that there are three entities: the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada), the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (USA), and the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership.
The Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) was registered by a charity in Canada in 2007, but the other two entities appear never to have been registered in the United States. The two U.S. programs appear to have been used interchangeably, more as “brand names” for various Clinton Foundation programs. The confusion is compounded by the Clinton Foundation general failure to identify any specific program details about what exactly activities, if any, were undertaken by CGSGI funded in 2007, if anything.
The Clinton Giustra partnership in Canada is listed on the Clinton Foundation website as having contributed “more than $25 million” through September 2015. Canadian tax records show the Clinton-Giustra partnership in Canada took in $33.3 million in donations between 2008 and 2013.
The public record is also not clear on exactly how the donations from Giustra and his Canadian associates was received by the Clinton Foundation, as direct contributions, or as contributions to Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) that were bundled in Canada before the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) sent the contributions to the Clinton Foundation in the United States.
Adding to the confusion, the New York Times reported that about half the $33.3 million donated through the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) came from various charities, including $10.5 million from the Radcliffe Foundation. The New York Times concluded of the $33.3 million donated from Canada via the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada), the origin of about $20 million comes from “donors whose identities remain a mystery, at least for now.”
For a more comprehensive discussion of the Clinton Foundation scams involving Frank Giustra, Uranium One, and Putin's Rosatom see: (1) Jerome R. Corsi, Partners in Crime: The Clintons' Scheme to Monetize the White House for Personal Profit (Washington, D.C.: WND Books, Inc., 2016; and (2) Peter Schweizer, Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich (New York: Harper, 2015).
This article is drawn largely from Chapter 4, “The Canada Scam,” in Partners in Crime, with extensive footnoting and documentation for all references found there.
The National Security Agency for almost three years searched a massive database of Americans' phone call records attempting to identify potential terrorists in violation of court-approved privacy rules, and the problem went unfixed because no one at the agency had a full technical understanding of how its system worked, according to new documents and senior government officials.
Moreover, it was Justice Department officials who discovered the problem and reported it to the court that oversees surveillance programs, the documents show, undermining assertions by the NSA that self-reporting is part of its culture.
The improper activity went on from May 2006 to January 2009, according to a March 2009 opinion by Judge Reggie B. Walton, who serves on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
It was one of more than a dozen documents declassified and released Tuesday in response to lawsuits by civil liberties groups and at the direction of President Obama in the wake of the June disclosure by former NSA contractor Edward J. Snowden of the massive phone records collection.
“The documents released today are a testament to the government's strong commitment to detecting, correcting and reporting mistakes that occur in implementing technologically complex intelligence collection activities, and to continually improving its oversight and compliance processes,” said James R. Clapper, the director of national intelligence.
Read the documents Court records detail NSA violations The Obama administration declassified documents about intelligence collection under Section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act on Sept. 10.
A strong rebuke of the NSA by the court comes less than a month after the Office of the Director of National Intelligence released a highly critical FISA court opinion that took the agency to task for its operation of a separate surveillance program. Taken together, the documents released by the office over the past month paint a troubling picture of an agency that has sought and won far-reaching surveillance powers to run complex domestic data collection without anyone having full technical understanding of the efforts, and that has repeatedly misrepresented the programs' scope to its court overseer.
Such revelations call into question the effectiveness of an oversight program that depends on accurate disclosure by the NSA to a court that acts in secret and says it lacks the resources to verify independently the agency's assertions.
“It has finally come to light that the FISC's authorizations of this vast collection program have been premised on a flawed depiction of how the NSA uses” the phone data, Walton wrote.
“This misperception by the FISC existed from the inception of its authorized collection in May 2006, buttressed by repeated inaccurate statements made in the government's submissions,” he continued.
Privacy procedures “have been so frequently and systemically violated that it can fairly be said that this critical element of the overall [phone records] regime has never fully functioned effectively,” he said.
The “bulk records” program began without any court or congressional approval shortly after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks but was put under court supervision in May 2006 when American phone companies balked at providing the data solely at the request of the executive branch.
Under the program, the NSA receives daily transfers of all customer records from the nation's phone companies. Those records include numbers called, the calls' time and duration, but not the content of conversations.
Beginning in late January 2009, Justice Department officials began notifying the court of problems, in particular that the NSA had been running an automated “alert list” on selected phone numbers without meeting the court-required standard of “reasonable and articulable suspicion” that those numbers were tied to terrorists.
Justice Department officials notified the court that the NSA had been searching the business records “in a manner directly contrary” to the court's orders “and directly contrary to the sworn attestations of several Executive Branch officials,” Walton wrote in a Jan. 29, 2009, order.
NSA Director Keith B. Alexander suggested to the court that the violations stemmed from a belief by NSA personnel that not all the databases were covered by the same privacy rules, Walton wrote in his March opinion.
“That interpretation of the court's orders strains credulity,” Walton said.
Walton also suggested that the NSA's Office of General Counsel deliberately chose to approve the use of phone numbers that did not meet the court standards because such procedures were in keeping with other NSA collection activities.
In March 2009, the court took the unusual step of ordering the government to seek approval to query the database on a case-by-case basis “except where necessary to protect against an imminent threat to human life.”
Walton also expressed consternation at the NSA's inaccurate description of its use of the database, saying it slowed efforts to fix the errors. “The government's failure to ensure that responsible officials adequately understood the NSA's alert list process, and to accurately report its implementation to the court, has prevented for more than two years, both the government and the FISC from taking steps to remedy daily violations,” Walton wrote.
After the problems came to light, the NSA and the Justice Department in February 2009 began a full review of the program. The review identified additional violations that needed fixing, the documents show.
For instance, the review found that “over time” more than 200 analysts from the CIA, the FBI and the National Counterterrorism Center had access to “query results” from the database that did not properly mask the identities of U.S. persons.
In September 2009, the Justice Department reported that query results were shared with NSA analysts who were not trained in how to handle the data. Walton noted that the problems came after the government's “submission of a report intended to assure the Court that the NSA had corrected and addressed the issues.”
In November 2009, Walton also expressed concern that the NSA had searched phone numbers long after the numbers had been found to be irrelevant and said he “remained concerned” that the NSA did not meet the required standard for using the numbers, exposing information about Americans who were not the subject of FBI investigations. Walton's March ruling also expressed skepticism about the program's utility, noting the government cited only three FBI preliminary investigations opened as a result of tips gleaned from the database. “The time has come for the government to describe to the Court how, based on the information collected and analyzed during that time, the value of the program to the nation's security justifies the continued collected and retention of massive quantities of US person information,” he said.
The documents were released in response to lawsuits from the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU. The EFF first sought disclosure two years ago when Congress was debating reauthorization of the statute that the government used to justify the phone collection.
“At that time, the government withheld every word, claiming that grave harm to national security would result if the court's opinions were released,” said David Sobel, the foundation's senior counsel. “Now that the agency has been forced to release them, we can see that the real reason for secrecy was to conceal the fact that surveillance under the Patriot Act was far broader, and less focused, than the public and Congress had been led to believe.”
The panto season is in full swing on BBC Question Time. Tonight, Nigel Farage will square off against Russell Brand in what is being billed as must-see TV. It has to be said that ITV missed a trick with this one. What price a Family Fortunes Christmas Special with the Farages versus the Brands? “Name 101 things that are ruining this country.” Although that could turn awkward because “Russell bloody Brand” is almost certainly at the top of the board.
How strange our politics has become. Oh, we've always had radicals and mavericks in our system – but they've tended to be absorbed within the main two (or three parties) and kept in their place by the whips. But when Ken Livingstone ran and won as an independent mayoral candidate in 2000, the cat was out of the bag: so loathed had the establishment parties become that people were now prepared to vote for folks with no fixed abode. First-past-the-post has hidden the growing appeal of independents and minor parties for a long time since then, but now we seem to be headed into an era in which amateur politicians are taken for the real thing. And given not just a seat on Question Time, but special billing. Let's face it: no one will be watching the show to see what Labour's Mary Creagh has to say for herself. Not that she'll say very much. The default public performance for Labour politicians nowadays is to smile blandly while “Jim from Crawley” tells them that Ed Miliband looks a bit weird.
As the marginal becomes mainstream, we do have a problem, though. How much longer can the anti-establishment people call themselves anti-establishment when they're given more airtime than government ministers? Farage and Brand both insist that they are either ignored or ridiculed by the media – and they both enjoy armies of followers whose sole narrative seems to be “no one dares take us seriously because if they did then there would be a revolution.” But the reality is quite different. Farage leads the most popular British party in the European Parliament, has two MPs and even enjoyed a hagiographic documentary about him on Channel Four. Brand enjoys a wide audience, has hosted an event with the Dalai Lama and is regularly invited to give his opinion on whatever thoughts are skipping gaily through his head in no particular order. And, of course, both men are no strangers to BBC Question Time. Hence, they are not ignored. And if they are questioned – even subjected to a little ribbing for extra pleasure – by sceptical journalists then it's because people of such stature invite criticism.
Whether or not they deserve the attention paid to them is another matter. Russell does not. He is a funny man and an average writer. His views are utter nonsense. It's true that they've called a lot of brilliant men in history “mad” but, as Dudley Moore once noted, they've called an awful lot of mad people mad, too. What sustains Russell's career is that a small but loyal number of young women apparently find him attractive, but that ought not really be a good enough reason to elevate him to the status of Jesus Mark II. By the “I wouldn't kick him out of bed” logic, if Ken Dodd was better looking and younger then he might have become Mayor London. And we wouldn't have Boris Bikes for hire on street corner, but “tickling sticks” instead.
Personal Finance Investing Penny Stocks What Penny Stock Investors Should Know About Dilution
What Penny Stock Investors Should Know About Dilution Related Book Penny Stocks For Dummies
By Peter Leeds
Penny stock investors will often hear the term dilution and assume the worst. Dilution is often viewed as a negative thing for an investment, but like most things in the stock market, it is a little more complex.
Penny stock dilution a good thing
If the company needs more money after its initial public offering, it can sell even more shares to generate the funds it needs. Those new shares could represent a portion of the company that wasn't released in the original IPO. Any newly issued shares are sold to investors, and the company uses the money for working capital, or to pay debts, or make an acquisition.
Issuing new shares can decrease the proportionate value of each existing and new share, a result that investors call dilution. If a company doubles the total number of shares, the amount of money each share represents drops in half.
Every company needs to balance the ability to raise funds with the concerns caused by dilution.
The most obvious reason for issuing more shares is to raise funds, but companies issue new shares for other reasons:
Raising money: Whether an IPO or a subsequent offering, this is an efficient way for any publicly traded company to generate funds.
Giving up control: When the founder (or organization) owns too much of a company, she can easily lower that percentage of ownership by selling a portion to new shareholders by way of stock sale.
Expanding the shareholder base: The more shareholders a company has, the better. In fact, many of the major stock exchanges require that companies listing with them have a minimum number of unique shareholders. By issuing new shares into the market, the shareholder base expands as new owners purchase shares.
Paying executives and key employees: Companies regularly pay their key employees, or lure top talent, via shares or stock options. Penny stock companies are particularly fond of this maneuver because they may not have much cash to compensate executives but are able to offer shares that have potential to increase in value.
Cashing in options and convertible debentures: Sometimes new shares are created by using complex financial instruments. For example, a convertible debenture is like a loan in which the creditor could be paid back the amount owed or could convert that value into new shares of the company instead. Options also become shares of the company if and when they are exercised, or cashed in.
Issuing new shares can help a publicly traded company by giving it the greatest flexibility to take advantage of opportunities as it implements its business plan. The benefits can be great, as long as the company is cautious of the potential for causing shareholder dilution.
How dilution affects penny stock investors
Dilution can have a detrimental impact on penny stocks. Any time a company issues new shares, the share of ownership of each stock is reduced. Your job as an investor is to ascertain whether a company's dilutive financing is beneficial or detrimental to current shareholders. You want to avoid companies that don't produce gains for their stockholders.
For a company with 10 million shares outstanding, each share represents ownership of 1/10,000,000th of that company. If it doubles the number of shares available, each one should be worth half as much.
Dilution can also hold share prices down even when the company's value grows. Picture a company that trades at one dollar per share, while the number of outstanding shares doubles. If the shares are still at one dollar, but there are twice as many of them, that means the market capitalization has doubled.
In this example, shareholders own stock in a company that has grown in size but may not see any increase in the stock price because there are so many more shares available.
Less-experienced investors often don't see the potentially detrimental effect that newly issued shares can cause. They may be proud of the 20 percent gain their stock has returned so far, not realizing that this occurred during a time when the company significantly diluted its holdings. Without that dilution, the investors' returns may have been significantly higher, but this lost opportunity will never show up in any quantifiable way.
If you're a shareholder in a company, you don't want it to dilute your investment by issuing more shares. If you are not yet a shareholder in a company that you're considering investing in, you don't need to worry about dilution from the company, because it will simply make the shares you're thinking about investing in both less expensive and more available.
Companies can also select the price at which they issue new shares or at which their options may be exercised. For example, they may announce a deal to sell shares at $2.25 to a specific buyer or that the IPO price will be $2.25.
Setting a share price can be beneficial for shareholders if the price is higher than the current share price. Issuing new stock at prices lower than current share prices can have a negative impact on the stock. In addition, current shareholders can also feel like they overpaid, or that management is giving away portions of the company at unfair levels.
The impact of dilution on shares isn't instantaneous; instead, it has a gradual effect over time. However, because dilution implies lower shares prices, when a company announces that it will be issuing more shares, investors may react immediately by selling their shares.
Witnesses told Ma'an that Israeli forces deployed at Easter Rafah opened fire at Palestinian agricultural lands. No injuries were reported. Witnesses told Ma'an that Israeli forces deployed at Easter Rafah opened fire at Palestinian agricultural lands. No injuries were reported. An Israeli army spokesperson told Ma'an she would look into reports on the incident. An Israeli army spokesperson told Ma'an she would look into reports on the incident.
Israeli military incursions inside the besieged Gaza Strip and near the “buffer zone," which lies on both the land and sea sides of Gaza, have long been a near-daily occurrence. Israeli military incursions inside the besieged Gaza Strip and near the “buffer zone," which lies on both the land and sea sides of Gaza, have long been a near-daily occurrence.
Palestinians who work near the unilaterally declared “buffer zone” between the Palestinian enclave and Israel often come under fire from military forces, as the Israeli military has not made clear the precise area of the designated zone. Palestinians who work near the unilaterally declared “buffer zone” between the Palestinian enclave and Israel often come under fire from military forces, as the Israeli military has not made clear the precise area of the designated zone.
The practice has in effect destroyed much of the agricultural sector of the blockaded coastal enclave. The practice has in effect destroyed much of the agricultural sector of the blockaded coastal enclave.
GAZA CITY (Ma'an) -- Israeli forces Tuesday evening opened live fire on Palestinian lands in eastern Rafah in the southern part of the besieged Gaza Strip.
“So: Police are bureaucrats with weapons.”
This sentence, given its own paragraph in “Dead Zones of the Imagination: An Essay on Structural Stupidity,” the second of five essays collected in “The Utopia of Rules,'' David Graeber's critique of bureaucracy, is meant to stop the reader short. It does.
Graeber elaborates: When we think of the crime we want police to prevent, we usually think of violent crimes, “[e]ven though, in fact, what police mostly do is exactly the opposite: They bring the threat of force to bear on situations that would otherwise have nothing to do with it.”
Advertisement
The impact of the sentence that begins this review derives from the reader's knowledge of Eric Garner's death last summer on Staten Island, the result of a botched enforcement of New York's cigarette tax.
Get The Weekender in your inbox: The Globe's top picks for what to see and do each weekend, in Boston and beyond. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The opening pair of thought-provoking essays contain Graeber's hypothesis about the violent foundations of bureaucracy. Bureaucratic structures — whether public or private — derive their authority from the threat of state-sanctioned violence. This foundation is sometimes hard to apprehend because “[b]ureaucracy has become the water in which we swim.” We take its existence for granted, and don't bother to think about what gives it force.
“[T]he bureaucratization of daily life,” Graeber argues, “means the imposition of impersonal rules and regulations; impersonal rules and regulations, in turn, can only operate if they are backed up by the threat of force.”
Graeber is an anthropologist and anarchist who teaches at the London School of Economics. He is recognized as one of the people who helped plan Occupy Wall Street, and coined its slogan “We are the 99%,” in 2011. That same year he published “Debt: The First 5,000 Years,” a surprise bestseller which, among other things, urged readers to reconsider our conception of debt as some immutable, moral obligation rather than an agreement we might break if necessary.
“The Utopia of Rules” is not a similarly wide-ranging work on the history of bureaucracy. It's a group of pieces loosely organized around a call, as Graeber puts it in his introductory essay, for a “left critique of bureaucracy.” The pieces here, Graeber assures (warns?) us “are not constructed in such a way as to form a single argument.”
Advertisement
These pieces are tied together in that they at least mention bureaucracy in some form or other, but it's really only the first two pieces that deal with bureaucratic structures as they touch the lives of individuals. The middle essay, “Of Flying Cars and the Declining Rate of Profit,” is a wholly unconvincing argument about technology in the “where's my jetpack?” vein.
What do we mean when we say “bureaucracy”? Graeber's suggestion:
“ ‘Democracy' thus came to mean the market; ‘bureaucracy' in turn, government interference with the market; and this is pretty much what the word continues to mean.”
This is true insofar as it describes the attitudes of certain politicians — where “bureaucracy” is a slur, a stand-in for “government waste and inefficiency” — but I'm not sure this public/private distinction matters where bureaucracies touch the lives of individuals. And I'm not sure Graeber thinks so either.
For instance, in the anecdote Graeber uses to open “Dead Zones,” he's trying to acquire power of attorney on behalf of his ailing, bedridden mother. He's batted back and forth between private and public bureaucracies — Medicaid officials, notaries, bank personnel — in an ultimately futile quest. This, to me, seems to be what most of us mean by “bureaucracy”: the Pointless Paperwork Carousel. This ride is offered in both public and private institutions.
“Much of the everyday business of social life,” Graeber writes, “consists in trying to decipher others' motives and perceptions.” Graeber calls this “interpretive labor,” and says that the abridgment of this work results in “forms of institutionalized laziness.”
Advertisement
But there's another way to look at this. Removing the requirements of interpretive labor from clerks and other bureaucratic functionaries could be an attempt to treat everyone equally. That is, in an attempt to make an organization nondiscriminatory, its employees and representatives are sometimes required to be indiscriminate in ways that defy common sense.
Sometimes this creates minor hassles, sometimes major ones: Graeber's mother died before he could get the power of attorney forms in order in part because he placed his signature on the wrong line.
Bureaucrats aren't generally vicious, they're mostly indifferent. That's the point, and the problem.
Sebastian Stockman is a lecturer in English at Northeastern University. Follow him on Twitter:@substockman.
During a lively discussion centered on fears that President Trump is "trying to undermine the media," MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski let slip the awesome unspoken truth that the media's "job" is to "actually control exactly what people think."
SCARBOROUGH: "Exactly. That is exactly what I hear. What Yamiche said is what I hear from all the Trump supporters that I talk to who were Trump voters and are still Trump supporters. They go, 'Yeah you guys are going crazy. He's doing -- what are you so surprised about? He is doing exactly what he said he is going to do.'"
BRZEZINSKI: "Well, I think that the dangerous, you know, edges here are that he is trying to undermine the media and trying to make up his own facts. And it could be that while unemployment and the economy worsens, he could have undermined the messaging so much that he can actually control exactly what people think. And that, that is our job."
At 9:45 this morning, George H.W. Bush will open up his West Houston home to the press to make what is, for the octogenarian former president, a rare overtly political announcement: In the intra-Republican party fight for Texas governor, 41 has chosen U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison over Gov. Rick Perry. He joins his close friend, longtime consigliere, and former White House chief-of-staff James Baker, who endorsed Hutchison earlier this week, and a long list of his son George W. Bush's closest associates in lining up behind the challenger to the incumbent. Hutchison has the public backing of former Vice President Dick Cheney, former Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings, and former Counselor to the President and communications director Karen Hughes, and she's being advised by former Deputy White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove.
Of all the prominent Bushies, Perry can claim only one outlier: Joe Allbaugh, who was chief of staff to Governor George W. Bush and the head of FEMA in 43's first term.
What's going on here? It's a question without a definitive answer and a subject that those in-the-know do not want to go anywhere near. Nearly every one of the two dozen sources contacted for this story refused to be quoted by name; several of those who went on the record saved their best material for after they went back off. But everyone with knowledge of the Bushworld-Perryworld divide had a theory. At least four emerged as plausible.
1. The predecessor-successor rivalry.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“This has a lot to do with what happens when you have succeeding governors. They have different teams,” said Bush 43 media strategist Mark McKinnon. “Perry is perfectly within his rights to establish his own identity.” Bush loyalists see their time in their governor's office as a golden age for bipartisanship — a time when they did right by Texas. Some of them believe Perry crassly squandered that compassionate conservative age by steering his administration and the state's politics farther to the right.
Perry's team sees that view of Bush's leadership as idealized; they blame President Bush for massive electoral losses and the tainting of the GOP brand. Perry, they insist, is the one who's truly led the state. They dismiss Hutchison and her Bushworld backers as "country-club Republicans," the phrase used by Perry campaign consultant Dave Carney in a recent New York Times Sunday Magazine story. The beneficiary of the bad blood is Hutchison, whose closer ties with Bush loyalists who worked in D.C. and more subdued personal style sits better with the family and its friends.
2. It's a moderate-conservative thing.
Most of the ink spilled about the GOP primary paints Perry and Hutchison as avatars in the battle for the soul of the GOP. It's not a bad theory to explain why the Bushies are backing Hutchison. The senator, while conservative by national standards, has been wedged into the "moderate" slot in Texas, with Perry occupying the terrain to her right. It would be natural, then, that Baker, the ultimate noblesse oblige Washington dealmaker, and Bush 41, the eldest of the elder statesmen and the biggest bulb in the Thousand Points of Light, find themselves aligned with the candidate who's offering a return to the days of the big tent.
"I would argue this is more about the electorate and where Texas has gone politically," says Ken Luce, who ran Perry's first campaign for agriculture commissioner.
Even back in 1998, the election year when many say the seeds of discord were first planted, Perry wanted to tamp down minority turnout as Bush's team wanted to expand it. Bush that year was simultaneously running for re-election as Texas governor and positioning himself for a national run. Perry ran alongside him for the lieutenant governor's post, but Bush's efforts to drive up Hispanic turnout forced Perry into a tough spot. Perry, who was in a much closer race against Democrat John Sharp, resisted efforts to court the Hispanic constituency for fear it would hand Sharp a slim victory. But Bush's team had presidential ambitions on the line. The results worked out for both Republicans, but observers say hard feelings still remain.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“It's a long-term play-out of this strain that's been coming for at least twelve years,” said University of Houston political scientist Richard Murray.
3. It's not personal, it's business.
Perhaps this is all mercenary. Many of the political practitioners who went to Washington with Bush 43 have returned to Texas, and millions of dollars in lobbying, consulting and other lucrative employment in the political game are on the line if the governorship changes hands. The big dogs are back, but to regain power means ousting the current team that rules the town.
Members of Team Bush have already made significant gains in starting where they left off: on top. Hughes counts the Speaker of the Texas House as a client, advising him on communications; GOP sources say Rove is a friendly adviser to the Associated Republicans of Texas political action committee. ART, which was big when Bush was governor and dormant in the early aughts, is now restructuring. It will likely funnel millions of dollars to Texas House Republicans just in time for redistricting next session. Now their chosen proxy and personal friend, Hutchison, could be governor. Winning means windfalls; the consultants who win get hired by other prospective candidates.
4. It really is personal: The Bushies can't stand Perry.
This supposes the most personal rift in the Republican race for governor isn't between the candidates at all.
“It's visceral,“ Murray says. “The Bushies don't like Rick Perry very much.“ The disdain for Perry is no secret among loyalists of George W. Bush, but never before have they had to choose sides in a fratricidal struggle. Now that two Texas Republicans are fighting for the same job, Hutchison's become the beneficiary of more than a decade of bad blood.
A few incidents have fed the fire over the years. Some remember the 2001 Bob Bullock Museum dedication at which Perry kept referring to the new president as “George”. Or Perry's criticism of the Bush administration's handling of immigration policy.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Then there was the governor's 2007 appearance at an Iowa house party for Rudy Giuliani. Perry told a living room full of Iowa Republicans that the President was “never, ever” a fiscal conservative. “Wasn't when he was in Texas … I mean, '95, '97, '99, George Bush was spending money."
He continued: “George was never a fiscal conservative. I think people thought he was."
The comments immediately rankled Bushworld, according to McKinnon. And there Perry went, calling the president “George” again.
That loose, stream-of-consciousness Perry style fed into a long-held Bushworld view of Perry as impolite and insincere. Sources close to Perry counter that the Bushies have long regarded themselves as superior and never fully appreciated Perry quietly working while lieutenant governor to keep controversial bills away from the then-governor's desk.
"They're all Republicans"
It's ironic, perhaps, that all these once-crucial cogs of the well-oiled Bush machine are now publicly backing a candidate who enjoyed her largest lead before she started campaigning. Bushies privately grumble over what they view as Hutchison's lackluster and risk-averse campaign.
"They see the Rasmussen numbers [that show Perry leading by 10 points],” says Luis Saenz, who managed Perry's successful 2006 campaign. “[The Bush] people are supposed to be the best. ... I think the message is that the Washington bosses don't matter as much anymore.”
Saenz is quick to note that whatever subterranean rift exists — for whatever reasons — won't bubble over. After all, they're all Republicans, and Republicans are nothing if not disciplined at general election time. "Once March is over," Saenz says, "both sides will come together and start working toward a victorious November. Both sides have worked so hard to get the party to where it is."
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
Hi everyone!
So I recently moved and just rediscovered some old notebooks and journals that are near and dear to my heart. One in particular was the journal I wrote in as I was coming out to myself and then falling in love with my now-fiancée. That time period was quite prolific for me for some reason; I guess writing down my thoughts helped me process all the changes that were occurring in my life.
So without further ado, I present: the night I fell in love.
There's one particular entry that I love more than maybe anything else I've ever written; not because it is particularly strong stylistically, but because of the memory it documents. I wrote this the night my partner and I, who were just friends and/or crushes before that evening, kissed for the first time.
This was so early in my coming-out process that I wasn't even comfortable saying that I was gay even in my personal journal. I was terrified that one of my roommates would find it; at that time, the idea of any one of my friends knowing I was gay seemed like the worst thing that could ever happen. So to prevent this, I wrote all of my journal entries in gender-neutral language; often, as in this particular post, I wrote to my partner, so that I could use “you” instead of “she” and no one would have to know the gender of the person I was writing about. Looking back, it seems incredible that there was ever a time I was that afraid. I'm so grateful for my current freedom.
So without further ado, I present: the night I fell in love.
**************************
Last night you kissed me.
I picked you up from work, pizza box in hand. You must be starving by the time you get out of there. I sat in the car, waiting and waiting to see your blonde hair and familiar gait come around the corner. You are my favorite part of the day.
When you finally came into view, my stomach was doing flip-flops. You smiled at me and said, “Hey dude” as you climbed in the car and I knew everything was alright.
We got back to my house and each had a Corona while we watched Fresh Prince of Bel Air with my housemates. At this point I still had no idea that anything would happen. It seemed like any other night; you were eating the pizza I got you, we were laughing and sharing the evening.
When we finished our beers, you asked if I wanted to come hang out at your place. Yes, yes I did.
When we got to your house, your roommates were sitting on the couch watching TV. Sammie greeted me at the door with her big dog grin and “the wiggles,” as you call it. We sat down on the couch and had another beer. Because of the way people were sitting, we had to sit on two separate couches. It was fine, though; normal, even. Still I had no expectations that tonight would be different then any other. After channel-surfing through bad TV, we settled on the last few scenes of August Rush.
When we finished our beers, you asked if I wanted to come hang out at your place. Yes, yes I did.
Sometime during the movie, my phone vibrated. It was sitting behind me on the couch, and when I reached back and saw your name on the screen, I beamed. I wonder if you saw.
“Do you like climbing buildings? Slash would you want to go climb one? It's not too complicated, just one part where you have to lift yourself up a bit…”
I said “yes” of course, but even in this moment, everything was still going the way it usually did. We had been doing everything together, so you're asking me to climb a building seemed like nothing out of the ordinary.
But your next text changed the game. We both had had two beers now and were feeling more open. You were peppering your comments with slang, as much because of the alcohol as an attempt to keep things light.
“You're adorbs, not gonna lie,” you sent me. I smiled. I wasn't sure how to respond. Thank you? So are you? Both sounded lame. Before I knew it, minutes had passed.
“No comment? Sheesh!”
Then I knew it was okay to tell you how I felt. You had opened the door with your first text, and now you were reaching your hand back to pull me through. I had to keep the tone light though still – you weren't allowed to see how excited I was. “haha sorry, you are so adorbs but you already know that,” I typed.
I watched your face when you read my response. You smiled; I melted.
“Hardly,” you answered.
“Well you should,” I countered.
A few minutes went by. August Rush was still on, and I was ready to get going. “Wanna climb a building?” I asked. You said you wanted to “finish this.” I wasn't sure if you meant your beer or the movie, but either way, I was antsy. You liked me and I liked you and I just wanted to go somewhere and be with you.
Finally, you texted me that you were ready. I met you at the door; you had put on a sweatshirt and black and white scarf, along with your black floppy beanie. You looked beautiful.
We left the house and started walking. I barely remember this part of the evening; I was just so happy and excited to be with you.
You liked me and I liked you and I just wanted to go somewhere and be with you.
We stopped at the steps of a house – it was some university department building. We climbed the steps and wound our way through some bushes and trees. Finally, we came to a rooftop that was right on our level because of the hill. Scrambling up onto the first roofline, we began our ascent. One spot was a little too high for me, and you gave me a boost with your hands. After climbing a few levels, we finally reached the top of the roof, where a small turret bordered by a short white fence provided a breathtaking view of the city. The capitol building was lit with pink lights – for breast cancer month, you told me.
We sat down close to one another, our shoulders and knees touching. We talked easily for a few minutes, and then fell silent.
You ran your fingers up the side of my calf. I inhaled. You wrapped your hand around my ankle and gently massaged my leg. I couldn't breathe. We sat like this, your fingers tracing the muscles of my calf. I wanted to reach out to you but my heart was pounding and I didn't know what to do.
At last, you spoke. “Do you mind if I put my arm around you?”
Did I mind? I wanted nothing more.
“Can I have this hand?” you asked, reaching for my right fingertips.
“Of course,” I answered. You were so calm. I could hardly move.
We sat side by side, your hand caressing my shoulder, silently looking out on the city lights. After a few minutes, you laid down on your back looking up at the sky, and I curled next to you with my arm across your stomach. You kissed my forehead and a sudden heat coursed through my body. I tucked my head into the soft space between your shoulder and breast.
I looked up into your eyes – those blue, expressive, bottomless eyes – and you whispered, “You're beautiful.” I exhaled for the first time in minutes.
Snuggling in closer, I kissed your shoulder. We lay there, side by side, silent yet comfortable. Every once in a while, our eyes would meet and you would whisper, “Hi.”
Finally, I propped myself up on my elbows and looked at you – I'm sure my adoration was all over my face. I followed the line of your nose across to your perfect cheeks and down to your quietly smiling lips. With my eyes I asked you to kiss me. You spoke.
“I really want to kiss you.”
“I want to kiss you too.”
It was just you and me on a rooftop, floating among stars and church steeples.
We reached, our lips parted and then touched. I will never forget how softly you kissed me, your lips melting into mine.
We built passion slowly. There was no need to rush. It was just you and me on a rooftop, floating among stars and church steeples.
When we stopped kissing, we just laid there, running fingers along arms, shoulders, waists. There was a tiny spot by your hip where your shirt had risen and the silky skin peeked through; I enjoyed this discovery.
Then we were kissing again, your hands running down my back while I played with the hair spilling out of your hat onto your neck. When we stopped, I rolled over so that you were spooning me. I pulled your hand tightly around me, wrapping myself with you. It had started to drizzle, and I was shivering. You weren't cold, but you knew I was, and you kept asking me if I wanted to go.
My answer was always no.
Related Articles
Return to homepage
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
The Blue Jackets haven't had “the talk” with Scott Hartnell yet.
But they will soon.
Hartnell, the veteran forward who was made a healthy scratch in the playoffs, is a key figure as Columbus preps for June's expansion draft. He just wrapped the fourth of a six-year, $28.5 million deal. That contract carries a $4.75M cap hit and, more importantly, a no-movement clause.
That NMC means Columbus is required to protect Hartnell for expansion purposes.
Unless, of course, Columbus can get him to waive it.
Per the Dispatch, GM Jarmo Kekalainen has yet to broach the idea with Hartnell. The Dispatch also notes that conversation will undoubtedly happen soon because, as the club's protected list currently projects, having to protect Hartnell means Kekalainen could very well lose the services of a coveted forward.
Josh Anderson, Matt Calvert and William Karlsson are the ones in danger of being Vegas-bound. Of the three, losing Anderson would be a significant blow — the 22-year-old is coming off a breakout campaign, in which he scored 17 goals and emerged as a big, fast and physically imposing power forward.
Aside from waiving the NMC, there are other options on the table for Hartnell and Columbus.
If he doesn't want to waive and risk possibly being scooped by Vegas — a move that doesn't appear to fit with George McPhee's strategy, it should be said — Kekalainen could buy Hartnell's contract out.
Or, Kekalainen could make a deal with McPhee to avoid selecting one of the aforementioned forwards. That would appear to be the least pleasant scenario, though. Aside from giving up an asset — probably a draft pick, or picks — to keep a guy like Anderson, Kekalainen would also still be saddled with Hartnell's contract, which runs through 2019.
And that's maybe the key point in all of this. It's hard to ignore Hartnell's sharp decline in production. Over the last three years with CBJ, his goal totals have gone from 28 to 23 to 13. He's also butted heads with head coach John Tortorella on more than a few occasions.
One assumes all that, too, will be part of “the talk.” Whenever it happens.
Image by wakarimasita, via Wikimedia Commons
We've brought you a wealth of Haruki Murakami lately, and for good reason. Not only does the wildly popular Japanese novelist have a new novel out, he also has an upcoming novella, The Strange Library, a 96-page story about, well, a “strange trip to the library,” due from Knopf on December 2nd. Admirably prolific, writing roughly 3-4 novels per decade since his first in 1979, and a few collections of stories and essays, the notoriously shy Murakami took to writing somewhat late in life at age 30, and to running even later at 33. The latter pursuit gave him a great deal of material for his essay collection What I Talk About When I Talk About Running.
Like other authors who write nonfiction pieces on their avocations—Jamaica Kincaid on gardening, Hemingway on hunting—in his running book, Murakami can't help but turn his passion for fitness into a metaphor for reading and writing. Given his natural reticence, he begins, with a disclaimer: “a gentleman shouldn't go on and on about what he does to stay fit.”
Nevertheless, the ultra-marathoner can't help but indulge. At one point, the writing on running turns to writing on writing, and a summary of the qualities the good novelist must have. Read his thoughts condensed below.
Talent:
Like Flannery O'Connor, whose thoughts on the MFA degree we quoted a few days ago, Murakami frames talent as an attribute that can't be taught or bought. For the writer, talent is “more of a prerequisite than a necessary quality […] No matter how much enthusiasm and effort you put into writing, if you totally lack literary talent you can forget about being a novelist.” One feels this should go without saying, but for whatever reason, it seems that more people entertain the idea of becoming a writer longer in life than that of becoming, say, a musician or a painter. Maybe this is why Murakami then makes an analogy to music as a pursuit in which, ideally, natural aptitude is indispensable. But in mentioning two of his favorite composers, Schubert and Mozart, Murakami makes the point that these are examples of artists “whose genius went out in a blaze of glory.” He is quick to point out that “for the vast majority of us this isn't the model we follow.” The novelist as runner, we might say, should train for a career running marathons.
Focus:
Murakami-as-runner, an Economist review muses, is “if not a madman […] a very focused man.” One would have to be to finish 27 marathons, including a 62-mile monster in Hokkaido, and several triathlons. The qualities that serve him in his physical discipline are also those he identifies as necessary in the novelist. Murakami defines focus as “the ability to concentrate all your limited talents on whatever's critical at the moment. Without that you can't accomplish anything of value.” He “generally concentrate[s] on work for three or four hours every morning. I sit at my desk and focus totally on what I'm writing. I don't see anything else, I don't think about anything else.” Murakami's running memoir may contain “long descriptions of training schedules and diet," but when it comes to writing, there seems to be one overwhelmingly singular way to go about things. Just sit down and do it.
Endurance:
Consider yourself more of a sprinter? Maybe stick to short stories. “If you concentrate on writing three or four hours a day and feel tired after a week of this,” Murakami chides, “you're not going to be able to write a long work. What's needed of the writer of fiction—at least one who hopes to write a novel—is the energy to focus every day for half a year, or a year, or two years. Fortunately, these two disciplines—focus and endurance—are different from talent, since they can be acquired and sharpened through training.” The act of acquisition, Murakami writes, “is a lot like the training of muscles I wrote of a moment ago. [It] involves the same process as jogging every day to strengthen your muscles and develop a runner's physique.”
Clearly there's little room for spacing out waiting around for inspiration. To extend the analogy, this might be likened to the rare desire one gets to try a new, challenging routine, an impulse that wanes pretty quickly once things get painful and dull. But in writing, Murakami suggests, sometimes it's enough just to show up. He refers to the discipline of Raymond Chandler, who “made sure he sat down at his desk every single day and concentrated” even if he wrote not a word. It's a fitting image for what Murakami describes as the writer's need to “transmit the object of your focus to your entire body.” I wonder if it's not going too far to claim that this sentence betrays the real subject of Murakami's running book.
via 99u
Related Content:
Patti Smith Reviews Haruki Murakami's New Novel, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage
Haruki Murakami's Passion for Jazz: Discover the Novelist's Jazz Playlist, Jazz Essay & Jazz Bar
In Search of Haruki Murakami: A Documentary Introduction to Japan's Great Postmodernist Novelist
Josh Jones is a writer and musician based in Durham, NC. Follow him at @jdmagness
Last week's announcement that GoPro are in discussions with a number of professional cycling teams to provide on-bike camera footage from within the peloton is great news for both fans and the sport itself.
The pro cycling TV product is significantly behind other sports and presents a huge opportunity to really change the way fans engage with the sport. Andrew Hood of VeloNews wrote a great piece recently highlighting a number of ways TV coverage of cycling can be improved – and, following the trial of Shimano Sport Cam and Garmin Virb cameras with a limited number of teams during the 2014 season, this announcement from GoPro is an obvious move in this regard, with on-bike cameras likely to be a significant part of the 2015 campaign.
But, like everything in the world of pro cycling, change is not that straightforward and requires the co-operation of multiple stakeholder groups, each with their own agenda. Navigating the politics and often conflicting motivations of these groups is a complex game.
Here are four potential obstacles that GoPro will need to overcome to pull this off.
Anelka set to partner Ronaldinho in Brazil, says Atletico Mineiro president
Nicolas Anelka could soon line up alongside Brazil superstar Ronaldinho at Atletico Mineiro, according to the club's president Alexandre Kalil.
The Copa Libertadores holders' supremo appeared to confirm the move on Twitter following a series of reports about the next move for the 35-year-old Frenchman after his contract was terminated at the Baggies.
'Anelka is a rooster,' Kalil tweeted in reference to the club's cockerel mascot.
VIDEO Scroll down to watch Anelka sing and Ronaldinho bamboozle a defender
Ready to crow: Anelka was expected to move to Ateltico Mineiro in Brazil alongside Ronaldinho Next move: Anelka's contract was terminated by West Brom after he was suspended for gross misconduct
Prodigious: Brazil legend Ronaldinho continues to show glimpses of his finest at the Belo Horizonte club
Anelka left West Brom in disgrace after his deal was torn up for 'gross misconduct' after he was handed a five-match suspension for using an anti-Semitic quenelle gesture in December.
If Anelka goes to Belo Horizonte it would be the 12th club for the former Chelsea, Real Madrid and Arsenal player, including loans, and the seventh league of his career.
While the deal is conceivable, Anelka himself has said he's in no hurry to play again this season despite widespread offers.
Journeyman: If Anelka goes to Brazil, it will be the seventh league the striker has played in and his 12th club
Limelight: Ronaldinho moved to Atletico Mineiro in 2012
'I am not specifically looking for a club but I am receiving offers and the least I can do is check them,' he told France's Metro newspaper.
'I haven't decided anything yet. My contract with WBA officially ended on 29 March and bar a miracle, there won't be any new challenge before the next season starts, be it in Europe or in a exotic country.'
Earth Fact Sheet
Bulk parameters
Mass (1024 kg) 5.9723 Volume (1010 km3) 108.321 Equatorial radius (km) 6378.137 Polar radius (km) 6356.752 Volumetric mean radius (km) 6371.000 Core radius (km) 3485 Ellipticity (Flattening) 0.003353 Mean density (kg/m3) 5514 Surface gravity (m/s2) 9.798 Surface acceleration (m/s2) 9.780 Escape velocity (km/s) 11.186 GM (x 106 km3/s2) 0.39860 Bond albedo 0.306 Geometric albedo 0.434 V-band magnitude V(1,0) -3.99 Solar irradiance (W/m2) 1361.0 Black-body temperature (K) 254.0 Topographic range (km) 20.4 Moment of inertia (I/MR2) 0.3308 J 2 (x 10-6) 1082.63 Number of natural satellites 1 Planetary ring system No
Orbital parameters
Semimajor axis (106 km) 149.60 Sidereal orbit period (days) 365.256 Tropical orbit period (days) 365.242 Perihelion (106 km) 147.09 Aphelion (106 km) 152.10 Mean orbital velocity (km/s) 29.78 Max. orbital velocity (km/s) 30.29 Min. orbital velocity (km/s) 29.29 Orbit inclination (deg) 0.000 Orbit eccentricity 0.0167 Sidereal rotation period (hrs) 23.9345 Length of day (hrs) 24.0000 Obliquity to orbit (deg) 23.44 Inclination of the equator (deg) 23.44
Earth Mean Orbital Elements (J2000)
Semimajor axis (AU) 1.00000011 Orbital eccentricity 0.01671022 Orbital inclination (deg) 0.00005 Longitude of ascending node (deg) -11.26064 Longitude of perihelion (deg) 102.94719 Mean Longitude (deg) 100.46435
North Pole of Rotation
Right Ascension: 0.00 - 0.641T Declination : 90.00 - 0.557T Reference Date : 12:00 UT 1 Jan 2000 (JD 2451545.0) T = Julian centuries from reference date
Terrestrial Magnetosphere
Dipole field strength: 0.306 Gauss-Re3 Dipole tilt to rotational axis: 11.2 Longitude of tilt: 70.8 degrees Dipole offset: 0.076 Re Surface (1 Re) field strength: 0.24 - 0.66 Gauss
Re denotes Earth model radius, here defined to be 6,378 km
Terrestrial Atmosphere
Surface pressure: 1014 mb Surface density: 1.217 kg/m3 Scale height: 8.5 km Total mass of atmosphere: 5.1 x 1018 kg Total mass of hydrosphere: 1.4 x 1021 kg Average temperature: 288 K (15 C) Diurnal temperature range: 283 K to 293 K (10 to 20 C) Wind speeds: 0 to 100 m/s Mean molecular weight: 28.97 Atmospheric composition (by volume, dry air): Major : 78.08% Nitrogen (N 2 ), 20.95% Oxygen (O 2 ), Minor (ppm): Argon (Ar) - 9340; Carbon Dioxide (CO 2 ) - 400 Neon (Ne) - 18.18; Helium (He) - 5.24; CH 4 - 1.7 Krypton (Kr) - 1.14; Hydrogen (H 2 ) - 0.55 Numbers do not add up to exactly 100% due to roundoff and uncertainty Water is highly variable, typically makes up about 1%
The Moon
Planetary Fact Table - metric units
Planetary Fact Table - U.S. units
Planetary Fact Table - Earth ratio
Author/Curator:
Dr. David R. Williams, dave.williams@nasa.gov
NSSDCA, Mail Code 690.1
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Greenbelt, MD 20771
+1-301-286-1258
NASA Official: Dr. David R. Williams, david.r.williams@nasa.gov
Last Updated: 16 March 2017, DRW
If you ask the CEO of Papa John's, there's a straight line from his pizza company's sagging third-quarter earnings through the NFL's national anthem demonstrations to what he says is “poor leadership” at the top in the NFL.
“This should have been nipped in the bud a year and a half ago,” John Schnatter said in prepared remarks (via Chris Otts of WDRB.com). “Like many sponsors, we are in contact with the NFL and once the issue is resolved between the players and the owners, we are optimistic that the NFL's best years are ahead. But good or bad, leadership starts at the top, and this is an example of poor leadership.”
Although he did not name Commissioner Roger Goodell by name, Schnatter said that the practice of players kneeling during the anthem to raise awareness of police brutality and social injustice could have been stopped back when Colin Kaepernick began doing it during preseason games in the summer of 2016. Instead, players continued to do so in response to violence across the country and President Trump ramped up the conversation, calling for NFL owners to fire any “son of a bitch” who did not stand for the anthem.
Stock for the Louisville-based company, which is one of the NFL's biggest TV advertisers, was down about 12 percent in trading Wednesday after it cut expectations for earnings and sales growth for the full year. Although the league's TV ratings were down a year ago, Papa John's sales grew. According to WDRB, executives said the company's sales are expected to grow this year and in 2018, but company shares are down about 23 percent.
“You need to look at exactly how the ratings are going backwards. Last year the ratings for the NFL went backwards because of the elections. This year the ratings are going backwards because of the controversy,” Schnatter, who donated $1,000 to Trump's campaign, said, “and so the controversy is polarizing the customer, polarizing the country.”
Papa John's president and chief operating officer Steve Ritchie said Wednesday (via ESPN) that his company has been the most recognized NFL sponsor for the past two years, suggesting that its success is linked to that of the league. He said that he expects the earnings decline for Papa John's “to persist” until “a solution is put in place” by the NFL for its player protests.
As Awful Announcing pointed out, this is not the first time Schnatter, a Republican Party donor, has weighed in on a political issue in the context of his company's performance. In 2012, he warned that Papa John's might have to raise prices on its pizza by 11 to 14 cents per pie to offset penalties he claimed would be imposed under the Affordable Care Act.
The company has a deal with the NFL as well as with 23 individual teams and the league has not responded to a request for comment. On social media, most replied that Papa John's problem lies in its product.
the only time Papa Johns should be eaten is when youre at a multilevel marketing scheme meeting — Lamar Jackson's Intellect (@HPJArt) November 1, 2017
How is there controversy over Papa Johns pizza? I thought there was bipartisan agreement that it's disgusting. — James Gunn (@JamesGunn) November 1, 2017
Papa Johns is blaming its poor sales on Black NFL players.Maybe your sales are down because your pizzas taste like Sarah Sander's flip flops — Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) November 1, 2017
Read more from The Post:
The Astros, like the Red Sox after the Boston Marathon bombing and the Saints after Katrina, are playing for a devastated city
Game 6 of the World Series brought us all we really want: a Game 7
An extraordinary World Series fittingly moves to a Game 7
Rich Hill gives Dodgers fans all the time they need to boo Astros' Yuli Gurriel
Hungarian President Janos Ader has signed the ratification of the Moldova-EU Association Agreement, thus promulgating the document. The Agreement was earlier ratified by the Hungarian Parliament, on November 25, IPN reports.
The Hungarian Embassy in Chisinau issued a press release saying that the agreement is an appreciation of reforms and European integration efforts. The diplomatic mission hopes that there will be no obstacles to the implementation of the Association Agreement and that its effects after the ratification by all EU member states will contribute to Moldova's development.
The embassy notes that all the conditions are in place for Moldova to make the most of its cooperation with the EU in multiple domains, to the benefit of the people and for the development of Central and Eastern Europe.
Eight of the 28 EU member countries have already ratified the Association Agreement: Romania, Bulgaria, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Malta, Slovakia and Hungary. The European Parliament ratified the document on November 13.
The country has second highest rate of youth suicide in the OECD and young, Maori men continue to be disproportionately represented in statistics
'We have to start talking about it': New Zealand suicide rates hit record high
“We have to start talking about it. We would never be ashamed of our boy and we feel so strongly that people have to wake up to what is going on in this country – it is an epidemic.”
Jane Stevens is speaking on the phone, talking about her son Nicholas Taiaroa Macpherson Stevens.
The 21-year-old died in April. In hindsight, there were subtle clues. Small, strange things the usually benign and peaceful Nicky said, veiled hints that he had devastating plans that would end his short, vibrant but tumultuous life.
“As parents we felt like we were scratching our fingernails against a plate glass window trying to get people to listen,” Stevens continues.
“He tried to ask for help many times, in his own way. As much as we wanted to support Nicky in every way possible we also didn't have the level of knowledge we needed to support him effectively. Nobody talked about it, we weren't and aren't the experts.”
The bucolic Southern Alps, glacier carved fjords and lush pastoral landscape of Aotearoa New Zealand mask a dark statistic – one of the highest suicide rates in the western world.
Barriers and safety nets at suicide hotspots can reduce rates by 90% Read more
From Bluff at the bottom of the South Island to Moerewa in the poorer North, New Zealanders are killing themselves at unprecedented rates.
This month the Office of the chief coroner released provisional suicide statistics that found in the past year 564 people died by their own hand – the highest number of suicides since records began eight years ago.
The figures – which are nearly twice the annual road toll – means New Zealand has the second highest rate of youth suicide in the OECD, according to data from the Ministry of Health.
The number of male suicides rose from 385 last year to 428 this year, and female suicide deaths have dropped from 144 to 136. Young, Maori men continue to be disproportionately represented, but figures for older New Zealanders have also increased, and rural farmers taking their own lives remain high.
Chief coroner judge Marshall said the figures are “appalling”, and show despite more open discussion of suicide, the problem remains unnervingly stubborn.
“Over the last eight years I believe we've seen a shift in society's preparedness to have a more open conversation about suicide, but we are not seeing any movement in what is an unfortunate static annual figure.”
Despite millions of dollars of government investment, national advertising campaigns urging people to ask for help, emergency crisis numbers and countless community focused initiatives country-wide the lives lost have kept growing.
The risk factors for suicide are largely universal – a history of mental disturbance or mental illness, poverty, isolation and unemployment.
But Otago University academic Dr Shyamala Nada-Raja, a senior researcher at the School of social and preventive medicine and an expert on suicide, believes there is a failure to address something unique and intrinsic to New Zealand culture – its youth as a country and a fragmented, uncertain identity.
“Have we been addressing the wrong things because are we missing the root cause, something much deeper?” she says.
“It is perhaps an existential void that we are dealing with here. Who are we as a country, who are we as a people, what is our purpose and meaning? New Zealand is a relatively new country, compared to Britain for example. We are still probably feeling our way through things and we haven't got the right combination yet. If we get bombarded by an economic downturn that is likely to impact us on a greater scale than some of these older countries that have gone through these cycles before.”
Moira Clunie, from the New Zealand Mental Health Foundation, agrees.
“We know connection to identity is a protective force. And there is a huge lack of access to a strong, cohesive cultural history in New Zealand. When Maori have access to their language, geneology, whakapapa and marae, they are really strong preventive measures against mental distress and suicide.”
Maori comedian Mike King was so ashamed of the depression that had plagued him his whole life he didn't ask for help until his mid 40s. Now he travels the country encouraging young people to do the same, and says he receives daily phone calls from people who have lost someone to suicide, or are contemplating it themselves.
“I got to 45 and I got sick and tired of being sick and tired,” says King. “I thought ‘Well I can always kill myself tomorrow, I might as well open up and talk about what is happening and see what happens.'”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest New Zealand comedian Mike King says the “staunch” culture of New Zealand men means they often suffer depression in silence. Photograph: Mike King
According to Statistics New Zealand Maori account for 15% of New Zealand's 4.5 million people, but they represent more than 50% of New Zealand's prison population, can expect to die seven years younger than non-Maori and have an unemployment rate of 12.4%, compared to 5.9% for non-Maori. From a suicide prevention framework these factors mean they are a high-risk group, but King believes the “staunch” male Maori culture is also to blame.
“A lot of young Maori men coming into puberty are thinking about what it means to be a man and I think Maori men in particular have a skewed outlook on that,” says King.
“They believe being a man in Maori culture is to be staunch, to be the protector and the provider and to show strength at all times. A depressive thought or a suicidal thought won't kill you. But holding on to that thought and trying to battle through it alone, that's the killer. So what we need to do is create a society that makes it OK for men to talk about their problems.”
Dr Nada-Raja says the “staunch, hard” character profile of the New Zealand male – think Sir Edmund Hillary and the mighty All Blacks – should not be unduly criticised, as it is “unique” and has “served New Zealand men well for years in a pioneering country”.
“Being strong and stoic is not a bad thing necessarily. We might not be able to reach this group with our conventional way of doing things, but there are perhaps other ways to reach men with this kind of character profile – ideas like the men's shed.”
TV presenter and radio host Sharyn Casey has battled with depression and anxiety since her early teens. There were times she “considered ending it all”, but a strong family and “rock-steady” husband helped her recover, and she is now a highly successful media personality.
“I was heartbroken [when I heard the statistics],” says Casey.
“It made me so sad that so many New Zealanders felt that helpless and that they felt like they didn't have any other choice.”
As a way of reaching out, Casey made an emotive video, which she posted on YouTube, begging New Zealanders to ask for help.
“I don't want to read another article like this. I've seen firsthand how it affects people's families and I know from experience that it does get better. I've got to try and spread that message and get people talking. If John Kirwan's words helped me, then maybe I can help someone else.”
Former All Black Sir John Kirwan, who fronts a national depression campaign and has written two self-help books, including best-seller All Blacks Don't Cry, has, experts and pundits alike agree, done more to raise awareness and destigmatise mental health problems and suicide than just about any other New Zealander.
“I went to a mate of mine, and he said ‘harden up',” Kirwan tells New Zealanders in a TV commercial.
“Hardening up is not what you need to do.”
Nicky Stevens's family are now demanding the ministry of justice and the Waikato district health board launch an independent inquiry into his death, and issue a formal apology.
Jane Stevens says New Zealanders are “in denial and choked in shame” about the high suicide rate, and until a culturally anchored, whanau (family) based approach becomes the norm, suicide figures will remain static.
“We need a much more whanau centred approach, rather than a clinical, hospital-based approach. Maori do not like hospitals, hospitals are very monocultural. Those kinds of services do not meet anyone's cultural or spiritual needs.
“Vulnerable people need to heal, but there was nothing healing about the way Nicky was treated. Nothing to give him hope for the future.”
• Lifeline Aotearoa can be reached in New Zealand on 0508 828 865. In the UK, the Samaritans can be contacted on 116 123. In the US, the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is 1-800-273-8255. In Australia, the crisis support service Lifeline is on 13 11 14. Hotlines in other countries can be found here.
Purely Functional Data Structures and JMH
Nicolas A Perez Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 15, 2016
Recently, I started contributing to an open source project called Dogs which is a subproject of Typelevel/cats. Dogs aims to bringing Purely Functional Data Structures to the Scala ecosystem, similar to what Scalaz does. However, Cats and Dogs are being conceived with the goal of providing a lightweight, modular, and extensible library that is approachable and powerful.
At this point in time, Dogs is very immature, but is growing on top of very strong foundations. I decided to join efforts with its main contributor, so I can spend my time doing some useful while learning about the open source world since this my very first time contributing to a project like this.
Purely Functional Data Structures
Purely functional data structures is a concept that is quite new for me, and if we look back, is quite new in general. Chris Okasaki published his book about this topic in the 1996, grouping many of these concepts together. Before that time, it was hard to find a centralized source for all this knowledge.
The opportunity of working in Dogs allows me to embrace Scala, my programming language of choice outside the .NET Framework. I found that I have learned more Scala working on this project that all my previous experiences together and that is why I am so excited about it.
Writing Purely Functional Data Structure has been fun, after all, I have learned and studied a lot in order to keep up. The mind shift required to write code in a functional fashion takes some time to mature, but eventually you start modeling your ideas in a different way.
The first data structure I implemented was a generic Balanced Binary Search Tree (AVL) with its basic operations as described by Okasaki.
The second data structure I wrote was a Discrete Interval Encoding Tree (Diet). Diet is a little more complicated than the AVL and also took me longer to implement. Some people suggested that I should look at Scalaz's implementation called Diev (they used vectors), but I really ignored the suggestions and adventure myself to implement it by my own.
After a few days, I pull request my changes into the Dogs/master branch. After some healthy discussions my code was merged. However, there is not proof that Diet works better or worse than the Scalaz's Diev, even though functionality wise it complains all the requirements.
Diet Benchmarks with JMH
JMH is a Java harness for building, running, and analyzing nano/micro/milli/macro benchmarks written in Java and other languages targeting the JVM.
This tool is completed new for me, but it worths to take a look at it and at the same time we can benchmark how our Diet compares to the Scalaz's Diev.
Because we are using Scala we are going to use reference JMH using SBT.
On the Project Plugins.sbt file we need to include:
addSbtPlugin("pl.project13.scala" % "sbt-jmh" % "0.2.3")
This references a plugin that we can enable in the specific subproject we want.
In the project where we want to do the benchmarking, we add this line to the build.sbt file.
enablePlugins(JmhPlugin)
Once this is done, we can start writing our benchmark tests.
In order to start with something easy, I decided to benchmark the worst and best case scenarios that can be present in a Discrete Interval Encoding Tree.
The worst scenario is when doing an In Order iteration of the elements of the tree, they are separated by a hole of exactly one (1) space. We say one space because Diet is generic, and the step (or space) between each element is described by a discrete operation represented by this Scala trait.
/**
* Represent discrete operations that can be performed on A
*/
trait Enum[A] extends Order[A] {
/**
* Return the successor of x.
*/
def succ(x: A): A
/**
* Returns the predecessor of x.
*/
def pred(x: A): A
/**
* Returns true if x and y are consecutive.
*/
def adj(x: A, y: A): Boolean = succ(x) == y
}
Worst Case
The worst case scenario can be benchmarking by generating even numbers. In the Integer domain they are separated by a hole of size one.
Let's take a look at the code that benchmark this case.
@State(Scope.Benchmark)
class DietBench {
var items: Seq[Int] = Seq[Int]()
@Setup
def setup: Unit = {
items = DietDataGen.getWorstCaseData
}
@Benchmark
def dogsDietAdd: Unit = {
var diet = dogs.Diet.empty[Int]
items.foreach{ i=>
diet = diet + i
}
}
@Benchmark
def scalazDievAdd: Unit = {
var diev = Diev.empty[Int]
items.foreach{i =>
diev = diev + i
}
}
}
As we can see, the benchmarking code is fairly easy in this particular case. We have two methods that each of them will add worst case items to Diet and Diev respectively. They are marked with the @Benchmark attribute so JMH can work with them.
In order to run this initial benchmark test we use sbt in the terminal as follows, where bench in the name of our subproject that contains our tests.
sbt bench/jmh:run
The current project is the local Dogs repository. JMH will do its magic that will take some time since it has to do a lot of warming up and iterations on the JVM so the tests are reliable.
The output of this initial test is:
Benchmark Mode Cnt Score Error Units
[info] DietBench.dogsDietAdd thrpt 200 175.308 ± 2.859 ops/s
[info] DietBench.scalazDievAdd thrpt 200 4428.201 ± 26.171 ops/s
Our Diet in Dogs works slower than the one found in Scalaz when adding items one by one from the worst case data set. Interestingly, diet is not balanced so it eliminates the overhead of rebalancing the tree after each insertion, a price that we might pay when searching, yet it performs badly.
Best Case
The best case is that all elements added are contained within the Range(min, max) so there is not holes and the tree has only one node.
This time, we are going to generate ranges, so the union of all these ranges creates only one range as we just described.
Generating these ranges can be done using the following methods.
def getBestCaseData: scala.IndexedSeq[scala.Range] = {
var x = 0
for (x <- scala.Range(1, 1000)
if (x % 10 == 0)
) yield scala.Range(x, x + 10)
}
We then run the same command as before to create the benchmarks
sbt bench/jmh:run
Benchmark Mode Cnt Score Error Units
[info] DietAddBench.dogsDietAddRange thrpt 200 83327.184 ± 1380.656 ops/s
[info] DietAddBench.scalazDievAddRange thrpt 200 39994.062 ± 577.651 ops/s
This time we beat Scalaz, yet there is not a big difference.
Search
Let's now see how the search behaves and also check if our previous theory was correct. We are going to add 1000 numbers and randomly search for them.
We run one more time:
sbt bench/jmh:run
The results come back after a 13 min wait.
[info] Benchmark Mode Cnt Score Error Units
[info] DietAddBench.dogsDietSearch thrpt 200 1514.527 ± 27.925 ops/s
[info] DietAddBench.scalazDievSearch thrpt 200 375.785 ± 1.287 ops/s
Scalaz looses again. Our advantage can be the balancing problem of our Diet, a problem I was planning to look at quite soon.
Conclusions
I have never considered benchmarking before as a way to compare my code against other existing libraries. My main focus has been most of the time on the functionality and the algorithmic time. On the other hand, benchmarks can help us to recognize pieces of our code that require improvements, to identify bottlenecks and to establish metrics in our code.
The JMH tool is quite extensive and learning it all could be overwhelming. Start with something simple and from there build more complex tests.
JMH might help you to avoid earlier optimizations, as happened to the balancing feature of our Diet. Optimizing Diet seems logical, but after benchmarking it, it still outruns Scalaz's Diev. Please, be careful of upfront optimizations.
Incorporate benchmarking as part of the development process so it grows with your code and your tests. Don't wait until the end to find that you have a performance problem. Fail fast so you can fix it faster.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 30, 2016, 4:50 PM GMT / Updated July 30, 2016, 4:50 PM GMT By Anna Merod
As Green Party presidential candidate and physician Jill Stein rallied outside the Democratic National Convention last week to win over “Bernie or Bust” supporters, she revealed to the Washington Post that she understands why voters distrust vaccines due to government oversight.
Questions about Stein's vaccine skepticism followed after she initially criticized the mandatory vaccine policy in a Reddit AMA in May. Stein told the Post in an interview published Friday that she isn't sure if all “real questions” among physicians about health concerns with vaccines have been addressed.
Dr Jill Stein, Green Party candidate for president, is photographed in Oxford, England, Feb. 24, 2016. Roger Askew / Rex Features/Shutterstock via AP
"I think there's no question that vaccines have been absolutely critical in ridding us of the scourge of many diseases — smallpox, polio, etc. So vaccines are an invaluable medication," Stein said. "Like any medication, they also should be — what shall we say — approved by a regulatory board that people can trust. And I think right now, that is the problem. That people do not trust a Food and Drug Administration, or even the CDC for that matter, where corporate influence and the pharmaceutical industry has a lot of influence."
Related: Green Party's Stein Woos Disaffected Sanders Voters
While Democrats rallied for unity among supporters of Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton at their convention in Philadelphia last week, Stein stood by “Bernie or Bust” protesters outside. Stein has polled at 5 percent among Clinton, Republican nominee Donald Trump and Libertarian Gary Johnson, according to the latest NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Tracking Poll.
Johnson, another independent candidate, polled at 10 percent, doubling Stein's support. However, neither of the independent candidates can join the debate stage unless they poll with at least 15 percent of support.
Despite Stein's and some “anti-vaxxer” worries about lobbyist influence on vaccine oversight, a majority of those on the Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee are not tied to corporations or lobbyists, the Post reported.
Related: Meet Jill Stein, the Green Party Candidate for President
Either way, Stein said the lack of confidence in regulatory boards makes sense.
"We have a real compelling need for vaccinations," Stein told the Post. "It requires an agency that we can trust to sort through all of those concerns. To assure the American public, whether it's vaccinations, whether it's administering estrogen to, you know, treat symptoms of menopause, or at one point it was the solution to prevent Alzheimer's and then it was discovered — oh, my goodness — it may actually contribute to Alzheimer's — it's really important that the American public have confidence in our regulatory boards so that all of our medical treatments and medications actually are approved by people who do not have a vested interest in their promotion. In my experience, this is not a radical idea. This is basic common sense."
A Maine man who confessed that he smothered his 14-year-old girlfriend to death, burnt her body, stuffed it into a suitcase and threw it into New York's Gerritsen Bay asked police if he could be sentenced to community service.
According to CBS New York, 22-year-old Christian Ferdinand was convicted Monday after confessing to police that he murdered Shaniesha Forbes, 14, of Brooklyn, New York in January of 2013.
Forbes died of “homicidal asphyxiation,” the court ruled. Her naked, charred body was found washed up on the shore of Gerritsen Beach on Jan. 6, 2013, two days after she disappeared.
The New York Post said that Ferdinand killed the girl in a fit of panic after she told him that she might be pregnant with his child.
He then doused her body in Axe Body Spray, lighting the liquid on fire with a cigarette lighter in an attempt to eliminate any incriminating evidence.
In his confession to police in 2013, Ferdinand said that he burned Forbes' body, then stuffed her into a suitcase and threw it into the bay in hopes that the salt water would destroy any further evidence.
He was apprehended in Maine four months after Forbes' body was found.
After his confession, police documents say, Ferdinand asked, “Do you think I can get some kind of community service?”
On Monday, the jury in Brooklyn took less than an hour to return a guilty verdict. Ferdinand now faces from 25 years to life behind bars.
Forbes was a freshman at the Academy for Young Writers in Williamsburg. She lived with her mother and three siblings in East Flatbush.
A coroner's report stated that she was not pregnant at the time of her death.
Image from the Windows blog.
Windows blog
At its press event today, Microsoft announced that Windows 10 will be a free upgrade for Windows 7 and Windows 8 users during its first year of availability. There was some confusion, however, when Microsoft's Terry Myerson started talking about Windows 10 "as a service." Did that mean that after that first year of free availability, Windows 10 would cost an annual fee? I asked Myerson for clarification after the presentation, and he confirmed that there will be no additional fees attached to Windows 10, whenever you buy it.
Myerson clarified that Windows 10 users will still get free updates and support for the lifetime of the OS, exactly like past versions of Windows (like XP and Windows 7's Service Packs, for example). There's no subscription model for updates or support or continuing to use the OS. Myerson's reference to Windows "as a service" simply meant that Microsoft plans to update the OS with smaller, more regular updates rather than the big, chunky updates of past Service Packs.
A year after Windows 10 is first available, it will no longer be a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users. Microsoft will then sell Windows 10 the same way it has sold past versions of Windows. MS hasn't set a specific price yet, but Myerson said the price will likely be comparable to past versions of Windows. Windows 8 costs $120 on Amazon, for instance.
Update: It seems there's still confusion. It is very clear from this post that for the first year it's available, you can upgrade to Windows 10 for free if you have Windows 7 or 8. You will not pay for it. After that year is up, nothing will happen to your Windows 10 license. If you do not upgrade within that year, however, you will have to pay for an upgrade. The offer expires after a year, not the upgrade.
Downcast Brumbies veteran Scott Fardy looks on during the loss to the Chiefs, which represented the 25th defeat in 25 games by Australian teams against New Zealand rivals in 2017.
Wallabies prop Scott Sio is adamant the Brumbies can end Australian rugby's Kiwi nightmare in the Super Rugby finals despite a New Zealand clean sweep of trans-Tasman matches.
Australian teams lost all 25 games this year against Kiwi foes, a first since Super Rugby kicked off in 1996. Even the Japanese Sunwolves snared a Kiwi scalp - embarrassing the Blues 48-21 in Tokyo.
The Brumbies lost the last game of the regular season against the Chiefs 28-10 in Hamilton on Saturday afternoon, but will get a shot at Kiwi redemption in a quarterfinal at Canberra Stadium next weekend.
Andrew Boyers Wallabies prop Scott Sio believes the Brumbies can beat the Hurricanes to end Australia's Super Rugby drought.
The drought prompted Daily Telegraph rugby writer Jamie Pandaram to start his post-mortem report with two telling words: "Winless. Hopeless."
READ MORE:
* Lions top table without Kiwi test
* Hurricanes to face Brumbies in finals
* Chiefs to face Stormers in Cape Town
* Force captain in tears as Tahs beaten
* Barrett, Laumape show ABs class in win
* Umaga takes blame for loss to Sunwolves
"Most of the matches haven't been close, highlighting the growing chasm between the traditional rivals one month before the first test of the Bledisloe Cup, a trophy Australia has not held since 2002," Pandaram wrote.
He said unless the Brumbies are able to turn it around in the playoffs the "Wallabies players will have to prepare for a showdown with New Zealand in a year where none of their players know what defeating a Kiwi team feels like".
The Brumbies host the Hurricanes in the first week of the play-offs and will have to end Australia's 31-match losing streak against New Zealand rivals to keep their season alive.
Anthony Au-Yeung/ Getty Images Chiefs playmaker Damian McKenzie carved up the Brumbies.
Stephen Larkham's Brumbies haven't beaten a New Zealand side since round one last year, ironically against the Hurricanes.
In an ominous sign for the Brumbies, the defending-champion Hurricanes beat the top-of-the-table Crusaders on Saturday night to book their ticket to Canberra.
But the match that matters most will be a finals showdown and Sio is confident the Brumbies can stop the domination, declaring "people only remember who won the competition" as they chase a drought-breaking title.
Will Russell Israel Folau and the Waratahs were the only Australian team to regularly score four tries or more against New Zealand sides.
"The big thing we can take from the game against the Chiefs is the resilience we showed, that will be what gets us across the line in the finals," Sio told the Canberra Times.
"We believe we can continue on for the next three weeks. We just have to believe we can win and get the job done.
"It doesn't matter which Kiwi side you come up against, they all play a similar style. It will be a big challenge, but we're looking forward to it. At the end of the day, everyone only remembers who won the competition.
"To do that we've got to win every game from now on. It's sudden death and we're ready for the challenge."
The Australian Super Rugby teams 2017 report cards make for sorry reading.
The lowly Sunwolves posted more points against the Blues (48) than any Australian team managed against a Kiwi opponent.
Daryl Gibson's Waratahs registered four try-scoring bonus points against New Zealand sides - only failing to miss the mark once, in a 41-22 defeat to the Crusaders. They outscored the Blues, five tries to four, but lost 40-33 on goalkicking.
The Waratahs were the only Australian team to post more than 100 points (142) against the New Zealand franchises - but their problem was stemming the tide of tries at the defensive end. They conceded 209 points - at an average of more than 40 a game.
The Rebels' defence was even more porous - 246 points across five games at an average of almost 50 points per match. They suffered the biggest shellacking of the Australian season (71-6 to the Hurricanes).
Outside the Waratahs, only the Reds were able to register the try-scoring bonus point, in the 34-29 defeat to the Blues in Suva.
The rolling maul-obsessed Brumbies were Australia's best defensive unit against the New Zealand clubs, giving up 137 points.
They secured three defensive bonus points for losses of seven points or fewer against the Crusaders (17-13), Highlanders (18-13) and the Blues (18-12).
But their pop-gun attack meant they never managed a four-try performance.
The Force were Australia's lowest scorers in the Kiwi clashes, accumulating just 57 points (around 11 per game). The Rebels and Brumbies posted 69 and the Reds 98.
AUSTRALIAN ROLL OF SHAME
The 25 defeats to New Zealand Super Rugby teams
FORCE: Lost to the Crusaders 45-17, Blues 24-15, Chiefs 16-7, Highlanders 55-6, Hurricanes 34-12. For: 57. Against: 174.
REBELS: Lost to the Blues 56-18, Hurricanes 71-6, Chiefs 27-14, Crusaders 41-19, Highlanders 51-12. For: 69. Against: 246.
BRUMBIES: Lost to the Crusaders 17-13, Highlanders 18-13, Hurricanes 56-21, Blues 18-12, Chiefs 28-10. For: 69. Against: 137.
WARATAHS: Lost to the Crusaders 41-22, Blues 40-33, Chiefs 46-31, Hurricanes 38-28, Highlanders 44-28. For: 142 Against: 209.
REDS: Lost to the Crusaders 22-20, Hurricanes 34-15, Chiefs 46-17, Blues 34-29, Highlanders 40-17. For: 98. Against: 176.
Comments on this story have now been closed
Data was compromised between the dates of September 1st, 2013 and September 16th, 2015, so anyone who got a credit check for either a new line of service or a new device during that time could be affected. Legere did point out that bank account or credit card payment information was not revealed, and Experian says that the company's consumer credit database was not affected -- it seems this attack was limited to T-Mobile subscribers only.
In his typically direct fashion, Legere said that he was "incredibly angry" about the attack and also noted he would conduct a "thorough review" of T-Mobile's relationship with Experian, but he was also quick to stress that neither T-Mobile's network nor its payment systems were attacked here. It seems all the blame goes to Experian in this case.
As it is becoming commonplace when a major company gets hit with these increasingly frequent hacks, T-Mobile and Experian are offering two years of free credit monitoring and identity protection services. It's not clear if T-Mobile is contacting affected customers directly, but the company says anyone concerned they may have been impacted is free to sign up for the credit protection.
.@Jay_Acosta If you are a TMO customer, you will also be notified when you log into https://t.co/hKK4exGaFa — John Legere (@JohnLegere) October 1, 2015
Update: the headline for this story has been changed to reflect that not all 15 million affected by this breach are T-Mobile customers; some are people who applied for a T-Mobile account but didn't actually become customers because of the credit check. John Legere also confirmed on Twitter that affected customers will see a message alerting them they were part of the hack. Experian will also be contacting affected individuals in writing.
[Image credit: Associated Press / Jeff Chiu]
Fans of the Resident Evil franchise, are you looking to get a bit more hands-on with the game? Well if you are and you happen to be in Japan, it seems that Universal Studios Japan will be launching a limited time attraction in which visitors will be able to shoot the zombies from the Resident Evil franchise using the same practice guns that the police and military use during training exercises. According to Famitsu, this attraction will be a 5-10 minute long attraction which will held at the park's “Palace Theater” whereby each visitor to the attraction will be equipped with a 700 gram model gun with a limited number of bullets, with the goal being that they have to shoot zombies and other monsters in order to help wipe out the virus. While we have yet to visit the place ourselves, it has been reported that the monsters and zombies have been designed to look very real, with famed Japanese special effects artist, Shinichi Wakasa, said to have worked on the Tyrant model.
Filed in . Read more about Resident Evil.
ROCKFORD — The Rockford Board of Fire and Police Commissioners today chose Daniel O'Shea as the next chief of the Rockford Police Department.
O'Shea is the Elgin police operations bureau commander who came out on top after a monthslong search process that included a daylong assessment Wednesday. O'Shea said his first priority is to open lines of communication with Mayor Larry Morrissey and his administration, police union leadership and rank-and-file officers, the Rockford City Council and the public at large.
"This is an exciting city and there is a lot to offer here," O'Shea said.
O'Shea comes to the job knowing the public is looking to him to attack Rockford's persistently high violent crime rate and institute programs that prevent youth violence. He is also being asked to help repair a fractured relationship with the department's police union.
Rockford officials now must work out an agreement on salary and a start date before O'Shea can be sworn in by Morrissey at an upcoming Rockford City Council meeting, Commission Secretary Ian Linnabary said.
Commissioners expect O'Shea to provide the department and the public an inspiring leader who will work collaboratively with other law enforcement agencies, Linnabary said.
"The guy is an exceptional leader," Linnabary said. "He has a commanding presence, he understands policing, he understands 21st century policing and best practices and they have implemented those practices in Elgin with great success. We saw him as somebody who could lead and inspire this department."
O'Shea has met most of the Rockford police command staff at various seminars, training sessions and large police department association meetings that both Elgin and Rockford participate in. Other officers he knows from playing softball for the Elgin Police Department team against the Police Benevolent and Protective Association Unit 6 team.
O'Shea also considers fellow finalist Doug Pann, Rockford assistant deputy chief, a friend.
Pann is a man that commissioners found to be of extraordinary character and ability, but O'Shea excelled during the six-hour assessment, Linnabary said.
"It was a very intensive process and thorough process and I think the citizens of Rockford were well served by it," Linnabary said. "Both men were exceptional candidates. They rose to the top of a very full field and throughout the process, the candidates demonstrated a sincere commitment to law enforcement and a dedication to the Rockford department."
This is believed to be the first time that a Rockford police chief has been hired from outside the department.
Art Howell, chief of police in Racine, Wisconsin, dropped out of the running in Rockford when he reached an agreement for a contract extension in his current post.
O'Shea succeeds Chet Epperson, who retired in November after nearly 10 years as chief and is working as a court-appointed monitor of police departments in New Orleans and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Morrissey said he worked with Epperson to modernize the Rockford Police Department. He promised O'Shea that he would stand by the new chief of police even under the most difficult circumstances, as he did with Epperson.
"We have a great department with an incredible command staff that will be very supportive of our new chief," Morrissey said. "We aren't starting from scratch. We are starting with a great body of work and I think he recognizes that."
Winnebago County Sheriff Gary Caruana will meet for lunch with O'Shea this week and is already pitching his ideas to combine city and county tactical units, like SWAT and other specialized units. The city and county domestic violence units are co-locating and working together.
Caruana said he was excited about O'Shea's appointment because new people "come with fresh ideas."
"I think we will do very well together," Caruana said.
Aurelio DeLaRosa, police union president, offered O'Shea warm wishes and said city police officers would work with O'Shea to improve the department and the city.
"We embrace the opportunity to work with him to make Rockford a safer place to live and make the Rockford Police Department a great police department and a great place to work," DeLaRosa said in a text message to the Rockford Register Star.
Staff writers Georgette Braun and Chris Green contributed to this report.
Jeff Kolkey: 815-987-1374; jkolkey@rrstar.com; @jeffkolkey
The Hoffman-Kim's lab in Brown University has described a method that allows researchers to build a working yet not-thinking miniature brain with accessible material in a very cost-effective way. Even though they don't perform cognitive functions, they produce electrical signals and form their own neural connections (synapses) making them readily producible testbeds for neuroscience research. And apparently, each mini-brain costs you only $0.25 to make!
“We think of this as a way to have a better in vitro [lab] model that can maybe reduce animal use,” said graduate student Molly Boutin, co-lead author of the new paper in the journal Tissue Engineering: Part C. “A lot of the work that's done right now is in two-dimensional culture, but this is an alternative that is much more relevant to the in vivo [living] scenario.”
The mini-brain is about one-third of a millimeter in diameter, and the construction starts from a small sample of living tissue taken from a rodent, which can be used to make thousands of mini-brains. Afterwards, the cells of interest are isolated, concentrated with some centrifuge steps and the refined sample is grown in cell culture on an agarose spherical mold.
As suggested by the paper, the brain tissue starts to grow within just one day after seeding and the complex 3-D neural networks will start to form in 2-3 weeks time frame.
Although the mini-brain cannot think – i.e. it does not have cognitive functions, this 3-D mini brain is a perfect mimic of a natural rodent brain as it has the same mechanical property as well as the natural cellular density. In a 3D culture, cells connect and communicate within a realistic geometry, rather than merely across a flat plane as in a 2-D culture. On top of that, the cultures contain both inhibitory and excitatory neurons and several varieties of essential neural support cells called glia. Last but not the least, the cultured cells could live for at least a month.
As acknowledged by the researchers, the mini-brain is not the first or the most complicated working cell culture of the central neural system but it could be done in fewer steps with more readily available materials. Even though it was a relatively high-throughput system, “we were surprised at the low cost per mini-brain when we computed it”, Hoffman-Kim said.
Co-leading author Yu-Ting Dingle, compared them to retail 3-D printers which have proliferated in recent years, bringing that once-rare technology to more of a mass market. Because of this, “We could allow all kinds of labs to do this research.”
So, if you need a working miniature brain – say for drug testing, to test neural tissue transplants, or to experiment with how stem cells work, you know how to build one from scratch with only 25 cents!
Source: Brown University
Original paper can be accessed here.
FILE - In this Sept. 17, 2015, file photo, Comcast trucks are parked in a lot in the company's Westford, Mass. operations center. (AP Photo/Tali Arbel, File)
SEATTLE -- Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson has filed a $100 million consumer lawsuit against Comcast.
The lawsuit accuses Comcast of "engaging in a pattern of deceptive practices." It asserts that the company's own documents reveal a pattern of illegally deceiving its customers to pad its bottom line by tens of millions of dollars.
Comcast said in a statement that it intends to fight the lawsuit.
The lawsuit alleges more than 1.8 million individual violations of the Washington Consumer Protection Act. The Attorney General's Office says 500,000 Washington consumers were affected.
A spokesman for Comcast said the company had not seen the lawsuit but will likely have a full statement after Ferguson's news conference on Monday
The lawsuit also accuses Comcast of violating the Consumer Protection Act to all of its nearly 1.2 million Washington subscribers due to its deceptive “Comcast Guarantee," Ferguson said.
“This case is a classic example of a big corporation deceiving its customers for financial gain,” Ferguson said in a statement. “I won't allow Comcast to continue to put profits above customers — and the law.”
The lawsuit accuses Comcast of misleading 500,000 Washington consumers and deceiving them into paying at least $73 million in subscription fees over the last five years for what the attorney general says is a a near-worthless protection plan. Customers who sign up for Comcast's Service Protection Plan pay a $4.99 monthly fee to avoid being charged if a Comcast technician visits their home.
But the plan did not cover wiring inside a wall, the lawsuit says.
The Attorney General Office says 75 percent of the time, customers who contacted Comcast were told the plan covered inside wiring. Customer service scripts, which the Attorney General's Office said it obtained during its investigation, told Comcast representatives to say that the plan covers calls "related to inside wiring" and "wiring inside your home."
The Attorney General's Office says that Comcast misrepresents the limitations of several other elements of the plan, including its coverage of service calls related to consumer-owned equipment and the repair of cable jumpers, connectors and splitters.
in its statement, Comcast defended the plan.
“The Service Protection Plan has given those Washington consumers who chose to purchase it great value by completely covering over 99 percent of their repair calls," said Beth Hester, vice president of external affairs for Comcast in Washington. "We worked with the Attorney General's Office to address every issue they raised, and we made several improvements based on their input. Given that we were committed to continue working collaboratively with the Attorney General's Office, we're surprised and disappointed that they have instead chosen litigation. We stand behind our products and services and will vigorously defend ourselves.”
The lawsuit also accuses Comcast of charging fees to many non-Service Protection Plan subscribers for services that should have been free.
The lawsuit says Comcast has a customer guarantee that promises: “We won't charge you for a service visit that results from a Comcast equipment or network problem.”
But the lawsuit says Comcast charged for service calls that resulted from a Comcast equipment or network problem.
The investigation found "thousands of instances of improper credit screening by Comcast, unnecessarily impacting the credit reports of those customers."
Comcast requires a deposit for equipment, which can be waived if a credit check reveals a high credit score.
Still, consumers paid a deposit more than 6,000 times even though consumers had high credit scores.
The lawsuit is seeking
More than $73 million in restitution to pay back Service Protection Plan subscriber payments;
Full restitution for all service calls that applied an improper resolution code, estimated to be at least $1 million;
Removal of improper credit checks from the credit reports of more than 6,000 customers;
Up to $2,000 per violation of the Consumer Protection Act; and
That Comcast clearly disclose the limitations of its Service Protection Plan in advertising and through its representatives, correct improper service codes that should not be chargeable and implement a compliance procedure for improper customer credit checks.
------------------------------------
Hundreds of customers are commenting with their experiences on the KOMO News Facebook page. Have something to say? Sounds off on the post:
White House officials say Obama is determined to take lead on climate change during talks set to begin on Monday with bilateral meeting with China
Lessons from past failures will help push nations towards a robust climate change agreement that will push down greenhouse gas emissions, the White House has predicted.
The US has promised to take a leadership role during next week's talks in Paris, with Barack Obama arriving on Sunday night for a number of high-level meetings designed to spur early momentum.
The UN talks start on Monday and will run until 11 December, with 138 heads of state expected to attend.
Obama will hold a bilateral meeting with Chinese president Xi Jinping on Monday morning that will send a “strong message to the world of their shared commitment to combat climate change and see a strong agreement reached”, according to Ben Rhodes, deputy national security adviser for strategic communications at the White House.
Following the meeting between the world's two largest emitters of greenhouse gases, the US president will have one-on-one dialogues with French president François Hollande and Indian prime minister Narendra Modi.
The following day, Obama will meet with leaders of low-lying island nations, such as the Marshall Islands and Kiribati, that are particularly vulnerable to climate change and are keen to see wealthy nations part with the $100bn in climate finance promised at the 2009 Copenhagen talks. He will then return to the US.
White House officials said that the president was determined to show leadership on the issue of climate change as it posed a “clear and present threat” to US national security and an “existential challenge” to developing nations that will bear the brunt of extreme weather events and food insecurity caused by warming temperatures.
Rhodes said the Paris talks will be approached differently to Copenhagen, which is widely viewed as a hastily patched-together failure.
“By the time [Obama arrived in Copenhagen] things had already unravelled and then had to be put back together,” he said. “The goal here is to give a push with heads of state at the beginning of the process and then allow [secretary of state John] Kerry and others to finalise the details.”
The White House anticipates the talks will help meet an internationally agreed target of keeping global warming below a 2C compared with pre-industrial times, even though current emissions reduction pledges amount to warming of around 2.7C. Periodic reviews of emissions cuts beyond Paris will help meet this goal, officials said.
“The stars are more aligned to reach agreement than I have ever seen before,” said Todd Stern, the US chief negotiator. “There is no comparison between Paris and Copenhagen in 2009. We have this opportunity, this moment. Countries are going to have to be willing to depart from some of their fixed positions to seek common good. We can get this done. We will get his done.”
Stern, the US's long-standing special envoy on climate change, said that he envisaged “normal” problems over striking a deal in Paris that was fair to all countries and which reflected different countries' abilities to make emissions cuts.
“We have a situation where 60-65% of emissions come from developing countries,” he said. “That's a good thing. It means that developing countries are developing. But you cannot solve climate change on the back of the 35%.
“You cannot ask countries to act in ways that are inconsistent with their growth imperatives. Countries need to act in a way that they think they can manage. We can't just say to developed countries that ‘this is your burden'.”
White House officials said they are consulting members of the Republican-controlled US Congress over the talks but would not be drawn on whether the Paris agreement will need approval from the Senate, as treaties normally do.
Kerry has said that the mix of binding and non-binding elements of the deal – emissions cuts will require “transparency and accountability” but will not be legally binding according to the White House – means it doesn't fit the standard definition of a treaty.
In a bid to generate further momentum for the Paris talks, the White House announced on Monday that federal agencies will further slash their own output of greenhouse gases. The US government, one of the largest emitters in the country, now has an emissions reduction target of 41.8% from 2008 levels by 2025.
This target, a slight upgrade on targets first announced in March, will encompass the 360,000 buildings and 650,000 fleet vehicles operated by US government agencies. Nasa will invest in renewable energy and will cut energy consumption at the Johnson Space Center in Houston by 17% through a new heat and power system. Other actions include a cut in petrol use by the Department of Homeland Security and an expanded solar energy array for the Department of Energy.
However, Obama's Republican opponents in Congress continue to oppose key elements of the US's plan to tackle climate change, as well as providing climate finance for developing countries.
A senior Republican figure has also launched a campaign against the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (Noaa), the federal agency that tracks the weather and climate. Lamar Smith, chairman of the House science committee, has demanded internal correspondence from Noaa in a bid to reveal what he believes is a conspiracy to alter climate data to support Obama's agenda.
Smith has focused upon a study published in the journal Science, authored by Noaa scientists, that challenges the theory among some climate science sceptics that there has been a “pause” in the rise in global temperatures.
Kathryn Sullivan, Noaa's administrator, has refused to hand over the correspondence and has written to Smith to state: “I have not or will not allow anyone to manipulate the science or coerce the scientists who work for me.”
Today we're revealing some never-before seen photos of some of the darkened corners of our datacenters.
It's not something we're proud of, but we intend to do something about it.
You network admins know how it is. Sometimes a server dies and it's just easier to leave it there and reuse its network cable without rerouting everything. And sometimes it's just too hard to put a new cable in the channel where it belongs so you end up draping it over the top of everything. It's easy, it works, and your customers never need to know about it.
Before you know it your hardware is buried in a sea of cables and has become physically unreachable.
Let's face it. Datacenters are kind of boring. The only major cosmetic change they've gotten over the past twenty years has been the size of the computers sitting in them. And maybe the colors of the cables running through them.
We've today announced a new initiative : Wireless Datacenters.
At our Los Angeles datacenter we've replaced literally thousands of miles of cat5, cat6, and fiber with a large supply of 802.11n USB wireless dongles. Everywhere you look you'll find dongles dangling everywhere. Dangling dongles. (Internally this project was codenamed “Dang Dongs“.)
We've donated all of our old cabling to a local recycler, and the amount of clutter we've eliminated in our datacenter is phenomenal. You can now walk through the entire facility without tripping or fear of passing under a cable avalanche.
We've also reduced our carbon footprint by a huge amount. Do you have any idea how many trees it takes to make a 6 foot ethernet cable? Probably not very many…but still. Having less stuff generally means you've used fewer resources to make that stuff. It's really a win-win all around.
Ethernet entanglements are now a thing of the past. 802.11n wireless is the future, and the future is now.
In fact it says right here on the box from Linksys that the new router we bought will “stream stored music to devices around your home” – no small feat. Imagine how fast it'll serve your websites. Should be pretty great.
You can expect a white paper and some more photos of the new deployment soon.
I fell about laughing at the mention of "the democratic establishment". The whole point of the Establishment is that it is not democratic, has never intended to be democratic, and is currently dismantling the token concessions it made to democracy during the 20th century.
Where this article (in common with most Establishment apologia) goes completely wrong is in its failure to recognise that the Modern Era - culminating in the 20th Century - was an historical anomaly, an aberration, an eddy in the current of history.
If we look at the broad sweep of human history we see an entirely different picture of what is going on: the "refeudalisation" of society.
Stripped of its ephemera, human history from the Agricultural Revolution - when surpluses first became available - up until the industrial era was a story of psychopaths competing (sometimes collaborating) to attain positions of power, then using that power to dominate and brutalise their fellow human beings. We know from the historical record that such brutal individuals felt no remorse whatever in wasting the lives of thousand – even millions – of “their” Subjects.
If that behaviour seemed to moderate in the Modern Era, it was not because Homo sapiens psychology had evolved. It was just that the demands of the industrial economy made it expedient – for a time – for the Rulers to make certain concessions to their Subjects.
The industrial state required the training of large numbers of Subjects to operate the complex – but not fully automated – machinery of industrial production. Having had so much invested in them, Subjects had value and their bargaining power relative to their Rulers improved. In the extreme, they could withdraw their labour and quickly impose greater costs on the owners of capital than they themselves suffered. Under such conditions, the optimal strategy for Rulers (only after they had tried violent suppression and found it ineffective!) was to make certain limited concession to their Subjects.
Thus we had the quintessential ideals of the 20th century:
a) egalitarianism, the ideal that all people are entitled to the same basic opportunities irrespective of their ancestry;
b) democratisation, the ideal that Subjects are entitled to have some say in how they are governed; and
c) self-determination, the ideal that self-identifying communities are allowed to choose for themselves how they will govern themselves.
But these concessions didn't mean that the psychopaths had gone away. The snakes have been there all the time. And there was never anything to say that the conditions of industrial production must last forever.
What we are actually witnessing now is the Elite's response to the POST-industrial world, the world of AI and robotics.
No longer are large numbers of Subjects required to run complex – but not fully automated – machinery. Now it is small numbers of very highly trained technicians required to manage the robotic workforce. Small in number, they can easily be bought off. The IT technicians are the Praetorian Guard of the new regime.
As for the rest of humanity, they are now redundant, or soon will be. Their Rulers no longer need them. The concessions made previously are “inoperative”.
And the Elite are responding precisely as you would imagine a self-serving Elite to respond. They are relentlessly winding back any concessions hitherto made, while their economic theologians are busy trying to justify it as being for the “Greater Good”.
Inequality is quickly returning to its historical norm, as Piketty has documented. We are returning to a feudal state in which property is owned by the magnates and everyone else is a defenceless serf.
Even the critical technicians are transformed into obedient indentured workers through the weapon of crippling student debt. If ever they are to get out from under, they must do as they're told.
As for democratisation, in most countries it never developed beyond "elective" government dominated by Elite parties. Moneyed interests and well-organised pressure groups have found it a trivial exercise to subvert it.
And to entrench their gains, they are taking ever more critical decisions out of the hands even of elective government: the privatisation of strategic monopolies and essential services means that elected politicians are forced negotiate with private magnates, on terms dictated by the private magnates. The alienation of taxes to private tax farms (such as road tolling monopolies) is a throwback to the Ferme Generale of the ancien regime.
And finally, self-determination has been eroded by the growth of opaque and unaccountable supranational organisations (like the EU) and so-called “trade” agreements (which actually have little to do with trade and everything to do with taking decisions out of the hands of national governments and giving them to unelected and unaccountable panels of the Elite).
This is only going to get worse. At some point, the Elite will decide that the continued existence of masses of redundant human beings is a threat to their own security.
Already, we have seen the recent unveiling of weaponised robotic “security guards” with rudimentary AI. That technology isn't going to go away.
You don't need to be Einstein to see how this game will play itself out. The most plausible scenarios do not support a happy ending for the mass of human beings.
The "populism" which the writer of this article so obviously detests is nothing more than The People engaging in a last stand to forestall the horror that is descending upon them. It is a desperate game that must be fought on a battlefield chosen by the Elite themselves.
Realistically, the chances of success are remote. Realistically, the future is grim.
There is – perhaps – still a tiny window of opportunity to forestall this holocaust, but it is closing rapidly. As the Elite re-consolidate their power it will become ever more difficult for the Subjects to do anything about it.
The only hope for most of the human race is to fight for Democracy. Fight for the institutional changes which will make politicians truly accountable to the People.
Before it is too late.
KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia intercepted and returned a shipment of North Korean military communications equipment sent to Thailand in 2011, the country's police chief said on Monday, amid growing scrutiny of the southeast Asian nation's dealings with North Korea.
The comments come after Malaysia's foreign ministry this month rejected suggestions it may have violated U.N. sanctions on North Korea.
Ties between the two countries have been strained since the Feb. 13 murder of the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un at the airport in the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur.
On Monday, Inspector-General of Police Khalid Abu Bakar said authorities at Port Klang outside Kuala Lumpur had seized 250 kg (551 lb) of the equipment, manufactured by Glocom, identified in a Reuters report as running an arms operation out of Malaysia.
The shipment's intended recipient, however, could not be traced and the equipment was returned to Pyongyang, Khalid told reporters at a news conference in the southern state of Johor, bordering Singapore.
“After investigations, the recipient in Thailand was found not to exist,” he said in a video recording of the conference seen by Reuters. “So we blocked the shipment from entering Malaysia and from being sent to Thailand.”
Last month, Reuters reported that North Korean intelligence ran an arms operation out of Malaysia called Glocom, using two front companies identified as International Global System and International Golden Services.
Glocom sold battlefield radio equipment in violation of United Nations sanctions, according to a U.N. report submitted to the Security Council. A 2009 resolution of the U.N. bans North Korea from exporting arms or related military equipment.
Reuters found that Glocom advertised more than 30 radio systems for “military and paramilitary” organizations on its Malaysian website, which was taken down late last year.
Khalid said the two front companies had tried to sell Glocom equipment in Malaysia, including to the police and the army, but did not succeed.
Glocom had also exhibited at Malaysia's biennial arms show, Defence Services Asia, in 2012, 2014 and 2016, without receiving any orders, he said. He did not say how Glocom had been able to bring its exhibition products into the country.
“This company never sold any weapons in (Malaysia)... not one weapon was sold,” he said.
Khalid said International Global System was set up in 2005 by Malaysian and North Korean shareholders. It closed down in 2012 to be replaced later that year by International Golden Services.
Last month, police said both companies were being struck from the Malaysian company registry.
Spread the love
Champion of freedom and liberty, Dr. Ron Paul, decided to grade President Donald Trump's speech last night, in real time. The final result of his series of tweets is nothing short of incredible and highlights how blinded some have become to the grandiose persona of The Donald — ignoring all his broken promises and audaciously excusing his championing of the police and warfare states.
When I saw the following tweet in my Twitter feed last night, I got giddy like a kid on Christmas as I know that Ron Paul is the one person who refuses to compromise on principle and is unafraid of backlash for calling out the hypocrisy and warmongering of the establishment — including Trump.
I am going to be Tweeting @realDonaldTrump #SOTU2017 – and giving him a report card! — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
Opening up his speech, Trump promised to increase military spending. In fact, he announced this week that his administration will increase the already massive and bloated military budget by a whopping $54 billion.
Trump then promised that “Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways, gleaming across our very very beautiful land.”
This sounds fine and dandy, however, Paul pointed out the obvious:
Massive new spending on military and infrastructure. More drug war. Where's the money? Fed will print it! — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
After expressing his support for the massive creation of debt using the Federal Reserve, Trump went on to champion his executive order that granted Energy Transfer Partners permission to take treaty land from Native Americans and grant it to big oil. Again, Paul called out the hypocrisy in such a move.
Building pipelines? OK but hopefully without use of eminent domain (property theft)! — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
“To protect our citizens, I have directed the Department of Justice to form a task force on reducing violent crime. I have further ordered the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice, along with the Department of State and the Director of National Intelligence, to coordinate an aggressive strategy to dismantle the criminal cartels that have spread all across our nation,” Trump says.
As we reported yesterday, the Trump administration just announced that they will abandon DoJ investigations into police as Jeff Sessions, who hasn't bothered reading any of the investigations, thinks it's a waste of time. Instead of taking problem cops off the street, the DoJ, under the tyranny of Jeff Sessions, will blow wind back into the sails that is the immoral, inhumane, costly, and deadly war on drugs.
A great idea to reduce violent crime! How about stopping government violence at home and abroad? — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
“We want all Americans to succeed, but that can't happen in an environment of lawless chaos. We must restore integrity and the rule of law at our borders,” Trump exclaimed to be met with applause. “For that reason, we will soon begin the construction of a great, great wall along our southern border.”
In under 140 characters, the brilliant Paul completely dismantled Trump's entire delusional Chinese emperor-esque arguments for his “great wall.”
Great wall on southern border? Hopefully not to keep us in. Reduce incentives to illegally cross and change foreign policy! Problem solved! — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
Merit-based immigration is a good idea. No welfare magnet for illegal immigrants would work well too. — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
In perhaps my favorite tweet of the night, Ron Paul answered Trump's fear mongering of “radical Islamic terrorism” with logic and reason instead of islamophobic emotion. As the Free Thought Project has reported on extensively, US foreign policy creates terrorism.
These people don't “hate our freedom” — they hate our bombs blowing up their children. It's called blowback Trump, you should research it.
Protect against "radical Islamic terrorism"? Can't do it until you understand concept of Blowback! Non-intervention would make us safer. — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
“According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offense since 9/11 came here from outside of our country,” Trump spewed his carefully crafted sentence to make it seem as if terrorism in the US mostly comes from Islam. However, as we've pointed out on many occasions, Trump's travel ban did not restrict individuals from the countries who actually committed the acts of terror. And, white Americans who carry out mass shootings and horrid acts of terror are almost never charged with terrorism.
Ron Paul went on to warn against Trump's ominous promises to strongly vet those who want to travel to the US. As the travel ban has already shown, innocent Americans are ensnared and humiliated by its aggressive implementation. This will only get worse.
Strong vetting system – is it a step to a Real ID card — an attack on our civil liberties and privacy protections. — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
In true neocon fashion, Trump then went on to swear his allegiance to the state of Israel and promise more war — this time with Iran, who hasn't attacked another country in centuries.
“I have also imposed new sanctions on entities and individuals who support Iran's ballistic missile program, and reaffirmed our unbreakable alliance with the state of Israel,” he said.
More Iran sanctions? Sounds like preparation for war against Iran to me! — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
'Biggest increase in military spending in history' – bad, bad news. And nothing for defense, all for militarism. — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
Then, Trump went on to shamelessly promote the police and warfare state by carefully selecting audience members whose violent inner-city tragedies he could exploit.
Again, Ron Paul blew his police state argument out of the water.
If you really want to reduce the violence in our cities…get rid of the drug war! — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
On top of the victims of inner city violence, Trump also shamelessly exploited the widow of the Navy seal who died in the botched Yemen raid — as a disgusting and overt blasting of warfare propaganda. Trump went on to lie and call the raid in Yemen a success, in spite the slew of backlash he got for it and the fake ‘intelligence' the Pentagon got exposed for promoting — that was a decade old.
Again, Ron Paul shredded him.
"Highly successful raid" in Yemen? In many ways the raid was a disaster! A waste. Criminal what they are put through for political reasons. — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
Warmongering is alive and well. Tragically. Focus on the widow. What a terrible use of tragedy for political purposes. — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
Our war in Yemen has nothing to do with US national security. Unconstitutional for us to be bombing that country! — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
After running on a platform to get the US out of NATO, Trump, like all politicians do, switched his stance and began to promote it.
“We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two World Wars that dethroned fascism,” he said.
Militarism gone wild. It's all going off the rails. Strongly support NATO? I thought we were getting out! — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
Trump then hilariously claimed that the US respects the rights of all nations, while simultaneously supporting the massive military industrial complex spreading through more than 100 countries across the world.
“Free nations are the best vehicle for expressing the will of the people –- and America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path.” he said.
Ron Paul took that opportunity to state the obvious.
Nations can chart their own paths? Good! Then we can bring our troops home from 120 countries! — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
At the end of the speech, Ron Paul gave Trump letter grades on his visions and how he intends to get there. Trump failed.
Now the grades: His vision for the US at its 250th anniversary: A-
His methods to achieve it? He gets: F. — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
Never said audit the fed. No spending cuts. More foreign intervention. Word "liberty" not mentioned once. — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
Final grade on libertarian scale: Plans/strategy: F
Overall: D- — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) March 1, 2017
Thank you, Ron Paul, for your unwavering support of liberty, even in the face of popular ignorance.
As for those who supported Trump for all the items he's since reneged on, it's time to wake up. Trump, like all other puppets before him, are subject to the unelected shadow government which maintains control no matter who's in the White House.
Miss! Miss! She called me Gaddafi! Miss!
Updated
Wow. This new paradigm is sure making everybody kind of sensitive.
For weeks now, the reported injuries have been mounting.
Bob Katter isn't talking to Tony Windsor, because Tony Windsor said on Insiders that he carries toilet paper in his briefcase.
Rob Oakeshott won't meet with Tony Abbott any more, because Joe Hockey visited his electorate and was rude about him in a speech.
Mr Abbott is annoyed, because Tony Windsor said that Mr Abbott told him he was "prepared to do anything" to get into power after the 2010 election, including - Mr Windsor assumes - price carbon.
Nick Xenophon doesn't trust the Government to negotiate fairly on the flood levy, he told ABC's AM program, because he cannot forget what they did to him on the food labelling inquiry - a presumably horrible ordeal upon which the balance-of-power Senator did not choose to enlarge.
Mr Windsor himself hit the airwaves yesterday warning that radio shock-jocks inciting hatred against him and fellow independents had promoted a "death threat" to his mobile phone.
He is concerned that a Giffords-style assassination attempt might ensue in this Americanised rhetorical war.
"We can argue with each other without killing each other," he pleaded.
Craig Emerson lost it on air when shadow minister Peter Dutton teased him for being like Comical Ali, the Iraqi propagandist.
Andrew Wilkie thinks the Coalition is hopelessly infected with racism.
And when Sophie Mirabella said at a doorstop yesterday morning that the Prime Minister was "as deluded as Colonel 'My People Love Me' Gaddafi" - well, that just about tore it.
(For good measure, Peter Dutton sledged by Tweet yesterday that the Government appeared to have Charlie Sheen running tactics, but no-one's complained to the ump about that one yet.)
I don't want to appear hard of heart, but this Parliament is beginning to resemble a World Cup match, and it's definitely one with Italy playing, if you know what I mean.
Tony Windsor received a very nasty phone call from a stranger, in which a string of vicious invective concluded with "I hope you die, you bastard." It's horrible that he had to hear such a message, but that doesn't make it a death threat.
Happily, the distance between "I hope you die," and "I'm in your office kitchenette with a Bowie knife" is still an appreciable one.
And Sophie Mirabella is perfectly entitled to compare Julia Gillard's delusions to Gaddafi's.
She made it pretty clear that imperfect understanding of one's people - rather than indiscriminate slaughter of them - was the key point of comparison.
What has happened in the last week is that the Parliament of Australia - having awoken from last year's dream state in which the Labor Party campaigned on the Liberal Party's border protection policy and the Liberal Party campaigned as Labor on industrial relations - is now having an Actual Argument.
The independents, having plumped for Labor, now have to wear some of the crossness of their constituents. The major parties, now that they've drawn straws, will cop it too.
As Oakeshott himself once said: "it's gonna be ugly. but it will be beautiful in its ugliness."
It might be time for that Bex and lie-down.
Annabel Crabb is ABC Online's chief political writer.
Topics: federal-government, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
CTV Montreal
Questions have been raised about a candidate running in the Montreal election, after distasteful media posts were uncovered on both her personal – and professional – pages.
Caroline Orchard is running to become a councillor for Coalition Montreal in the N.D.G. district. Described as a community activist, Orchard and her husband also run an organization called Le Grand Pas, that seeks to provide First Nations people with the skills necessary to enter the job market.
A year ago, before Orchard announced her run for councillor, Le Grand Pas, or “The Big Step,” was profiled by CTV Montreal.
More recently, CTV was made aware of a number of anti-feminist rantings on Orchard's personal and business pages – some of them, vulgar.
On her personal Facebook account, Orchard claims that she hates radical feminists, speaks against the women's march against the election of Donald Trump, and in one post says she's upset by women trying to change the term “rape.”
In unsubtle terms, Orchard asserts there's a difference between a woman who gets drunk and assaulted, and someone who get violently raped.
Another target: feminists who try to convince themselves that obesity is beautiful: “Something to make you vomit,” she posted.
In another post, Orchard openly criticizes plus-sized model Tess Holliday, calling her “a fat idiot who [teaches] women to be fat blobs.” She refers to Madonna as a “feminist terrorist who threatened to blow the White House.”
When CTV Montreal reached out to Orchard herself, she didn't make an official statement—but said in a message that “everything from the past is irrelevant to my future work.”
Coalition Montreal leader Marvin Rotrand said that he had interviewed Orchard before choosing her as a running mate, but that he had not personally seen her social media accounts.
He describes Orchard as a working-class woman with “conservative” views. Rotrand said he has since spoken with her, and that she apologizes if anyone finds her posts offensive.
"She says everyone has a social media history and she regrets any remarks she may have made in haste or in anger that may be seen as offensive or poorly expressed," Rotrand said in a written statement.
Rotrand explained that several people, possibly ten, have access to the business page for Le Grand Pas, and that it's possible not all questionable posts were put up by Orchard herself.
He said that Orchard has not been an administrator on the page for some time. She took a leave of absence from Le Grand Pas several moths ago, Rotrand explained.
Rotrand added that the party believes that Orchard is being “trolled” by the opposition, Projet Montreal.
He alleges that several of Orchard's election posters have been vandalized or have disappeared altogether, and that certain candidates may be playing dirty ahead of the municipal election November 5.
"Her non-conventional, populist style appeals to many, and her campaign, which is her first entry into politics, is having notable success," Rotrand said. "We at Coalition Montreal have seen an evolution in her expression and will stand by her despite her rough edges."
Ex-FBI Agent Cesar Pas just revealed in a video some of the ties that Former FBI Director Comey and now Special Investigator Mueller has to the Clintons and their Foundation. The information into the connections and the trail of money is staggaring.
The following is text from
ORIGINAL ARTICLE:
BREAKING: Ex-FBI Agent just Outed Comey in Clinton Cover-Up. Look what he https://swampdrain.com/fbicomeycoverup/
VIDEO LINK https://youtu.be/Kag97tNXJTk
———–
By Dan Sessions –
June 18, 20172246117
Cesar Paz was a special agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation for 22 years. He is intimately familiar with James Comey, his career path, and many of the conflicts of interest Comey had involving the Clintons, Comey's secret finances, and much more. Last week Mr. Paz decided he just could not hold back any longer and he made a video.
“I'm a retired agent from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, not the the Federal Bureau of Matter, or Matters.”
-Cesar Paz, retired special agent with the FBI-
There are many SHOCKING revelations . It appears that former FBI director James Comey, who President Trump just fired, enriched himself greatly using his government, and Clinton connections.
Here is a list of some of Agent Paz's questions for Comey:
** Please SHARE this when you finish reading. It is URGENT that we get this out!
Isn't it true that you were an assistant U.S. attorney for a prosecutor between 1996 and 2003?
In your official capacity at the Department of Justice, did you investigate and did you clear Bill Clinton of any wrongdoing for extending a presidential pardon to Marc Rich, a fugitive from justice, a fugitive of the United States?
Isn't it true that between 2003 and 2005, you held a position with the office of the Attorney General?
Isn't it true that in 2005, you resigned from the Department of Justice and accepted a job as the senior vice-president with the office of general counsel at Lockheed Martin, a company that is a major, major military contractor?
Isn't it true that in 2010, when you were employed with Lockheed Martin, Lockheed won 17 approvals for private contracts with the Department of State while Hillary Clinton was the Secretary of State?
Isn't it true that in 2010, while you were employed with Lockheed Martin, Lockheed became a major contributor to the Clinton Foundation and non-profit organizations?
Isn't it true that in late 2010, after Lockheed was awarded those contracts by the Hillary Clinton State Department, you stepped down from Lockheed and received a $6 million payout for your services?
Isn't it true that in 2013, the largest bank of England, HSBC, was being investigated by federal authorities for laundering billions of dollars for the Mexican drug cartels, channeling money to the Middle East, specifically Iran, which is in violation of law?
Isn't it true that Robert Mueller, former director of the FBI and now the special counsel to investigate the alleged “collusion” between the Trump campaign and Russia… isn't it true that Mr. Mueller was the chief counsel at HSBC… the same bank that was laundering money for the cartels?
Isn't it true that HSBC was a significant Clinton Foundation contributor? That Bill Clinton was being paid about $200,000 for his speeches at HSBC events… and this is while Mrs. Clinton was the Secretary of State? No conflict of interest there?
Isn't it true that HSBC was basically let off the hook with a $1.2 billion fine – which was paid by shareholders – and none of its officers, managers, directors were charged criminally or let go? Isn't it true that while all hell was breaking loose at HSBC, YOU, Mr. Comey, were appointed as a director and member of the board at HSBC to assist with damage control?
Isn't it true, Mr. Comey, that your salary went from $206,000 in 2002 when you were a government employee, to $33.5 million in 2012…. And that you earned these moneys while working for entities that were major contributors to the Clintons?
Isn't it true that you worked for Bridgewater Associates between 2010 and 2013, and that they are also a major contributor to the Clintons?
Isn't it true that you worked for Columbia University in 2013 as a senior research scholar at the school of law, and that Columbia University is also a major contributor to the Clintons?
Isn't it true that you gave this memo that you wrote on Bureau time on a classified computer in a Bureau car… and you gave this memo to Daniel Richman, your friend, a liberal professor (at Columbia), and he gave this memo to the New York Times?
Mr. Comey, you were appointed FBI Director by former President Obama in 2013, as Secretary Clinton was leaving the State Department. Isn't it true that you were appointed by Obama as FBI Director because you had proven yourself to be of service to the Clintons and their associates and entities that contribute millions of dollars to the Clintons' non-profit organizations?
Isn't it true that you, as Director of the FBI in 2013 did absolutely nothing in regards to the missing $2 billion from the State Department finances, and this happened while Mrs. Clinton was Secretary of State?
Isn't it true, that while you were Director of the FBI, for over two years, nothing happened as a result of the FBI “investigations” into the Clinton non-profit organizations?
If it had not been for the emails that were leaked involving Mrs. Clinton and her associates, all this would be unknown to everyone. But these emails were leaked… and fortunately, the truth is coming out.
Isn't it true that Mrs. Clinton and other subjects of the investigation were never advised of their Miranda rights, which is used by FBI agents during interviews… this form was never executed.
—————–
This information should shock you. It goes to prove the deep state and ties between Comey, Mueller, Clinton, Obama. This whole current investigation needs to be refocused, Mueller needs to recuse himself.
Last year, id Software showed the next Doom to fans behind closed doors, and a few weeks ago we got a scant three-second teaser. As promised, Bethesda made the full reveal at its E3 conference today, announcing that the game will be available in Spring 2016 (Autumn in Australia).
Built using the idTech 6 engines, id Software executive producer Marty Stratton said Doom is to be centred around three principles: "badass demons, big effing guns and moving really, really fast."
The game's multiplayer component was shown off, and will take place in arenas ranging UAC facilities through to "the depths of hell", with game modes such as 'domination', 'freeze tag' and 'clan arena'. "Skill, fast vertical movement and very unique powerups" will be the order of the day, according to Stratton.
The biggest announcement was Doom Snapmap, basically confirming Doom modding tools will be built into the game. According to Stratton it's "a custom designed gateway to an endless stream of Doom experiences created by you." Judging by the video footage shown, Snapmap will allow users to build maps, but also create "custom gameplay [modes] and to create or edit game logic."
In terms of single player, Stratton started with what appeared to be the same footage shown at QuakeCon last year. "As you now find yourself on the outskirts of a massive UAC facility on Mars, you find yourself doing one thing: killing demons," Stratton said on the game's mercifully shallow premise. The video showcased a surplus of blood and brutality doled out by a super shotgun, plasma rifle, chainsaw and a heavy assault rifle, all accessed via a weapon wheel which slows the game down to a snail's pace.
Imps and revenants appeared in the video, and the game looked pretty consistent with the originals, to the extent that even the doors sounded the same. Footage from a hell-themed map confirmed the original's notoriously large Mancubus enemies are back, as well as Cyberdemons, rocket launchers and... well, more blood.
You can watch Bethesda's entire E3 Doom showcase, including all the gameplay footage, below.
And the official trailer:
AP Photo Judge again refuses to appoint special Christie prosecutor
A state Superior Court judge on Friday refused to reconsider her ruling against appointing a special prosecutor to investigate Gov. Chris Christie's conduct during the George Washington Bridge Lane closures.
Bergen County Judge Bonnie Mizdol ruled that the activist pursuing the prosecutor, Bill Brennan, failed to demonstrate anything wrong with the decision she initially made on Dec. 2.
Story Continued Below
“The instant motion fails to state any legitimate basis for reconsideration,” Mizdol wrote. “In fact, Brennan's argument is a mischaracterization of the court's December 2, 2016 Order and Opinion.”
Brennan, a retired firefighter with a history of legal complaints against New Jersey politicians, in September filed a criminal complaint against Gov. Chris Christie for allegedly allowing his aides to close access lanes to the George Washington Bridge in 2013.
Brennan's complaint against Christie came after witnesses at the Bridgegate trial testified in October that Christie knew of his aides' and appointees' involvement in the lane closures as they were happening. In a surprising October decision, another Bergen County judge ruled that there was probable cause to look into allegations against the governor. That decision referred the case to the Bergen County prosecutor to consider whether there was sufficient evidence for an indictment.
Bergen County Prosecutor Gurbir Grewal, who was appointed by Christie, recused himself from the case, turning authority over to a prosecutor in his office. State Attorney General Christopher Porrino, a Christie appointee and former counsel to the governor, also recused himself, allowing another staffer to handle the case.
But Brennan argues all state and county prosecutors and their staff are inherently conflicted from investigating the governor, who ultimately has authority over them.
“The world is watching as a defendant controls his prosecutors, this is an astonishingly embarrassing spectacle that must be curtailed,” Brennan wrote in his motion to Mizdol.
Mizdol ruled that once a private citizen has filed a complaint, his role in the prosecutorial process ends. Brennan claimed Mizdol misapplied a rule that was intended to bar citizens from acting as or hiring private prosecutors.
“I did not ask to serve as my own private prosecutor yet your decision relies completely on a prohibition against my service as a private prosecutor in order to determine that I lack standing to raise prosecutorial conflict as an issue,” Brennan wrote.
Mizdol, in her decision, said, “it was obvious to the court that Brennan did not seek to be personally appointed as special prosecutor.”
“The principal issue was whether Brennan, as a civil complainant, had standing to make the request. He did not then, and he does not now, possess such authority,” Mizdol wrote.
Brennan said he plans to appeal Mizdol's decision by Jan. 1, based on a newspaper quote from former Bergen County prosecutor John Molinelli saying he was ordered not to investigate Bridgegate by the state attorney general and U.S. Attorney's Office when the scandal erupted.
“Molinelli's revelations confirm every issue raised in my request for a special prosecutor,” Brennan said by email. “It is clear that Defendant Chris Christie controls the people prosecuting him, Judge Mizdol was derelict in her duty to maintain public confidence in the integrity of our system.”
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration,
Note: Data include generation from plants greater than 1 megawatt. U.S. Energy Information Administration, Electric Power Monthly Data include generation from plants greater than 1 megawatt.
California has become the first state with more than 5% of its annual utility-scale electricity generation from utility-scale solar power, according to EIA's Electric Power Monthly. California's utility-scale (1 megawatt (MW) or larger) solar plants generated a record 9.9 million megawatthours (MWh) of electricity in 2014, an increase of 6.1 million MWh from 2013. California's utility-scale solar production in 2014 was more than three times the output of the next-highest state, Arizona, and more than all other states combined.
Several large plants were phased into operation in California during 2014, including two 550 MW solar photovoltaic plants, Topaz and Desert Sunlight (Phases 1 and 2), as well as the 377 MW Ivanpah (Phases 1, 2, and 3) and the 250 MW Genesis solar thermal plants. In total, nearly 1,900 MW of new utility-scale solar capacity was added, bringing the state's utility-scale capacity for all solar technologies to 5,400 MW by the end of 2014.
California has promoted solar power through a series of state policies, including a renewable portfolio standard (RPS) that requires electricity providers to obtain 33% of the power they sell from eligible renewable sources by 2020. In 2014, the state obtained 22% of its electricity from nonhydropower renewables including wind, solar, and biomass.
California also created incentives, including rebates and net-metering policies, to encourage rooftop and other small-scale solar capacity, whose generation is not captured in the above figure. By the end of 2014, more than 2,300 MW of small-scale solar capacity was installed on homes and businesses, according to the California Public Utilities Commission.
The top three states in utility-scale solar generation in 2014 were California, Arizona, and Nevada. These states in the southwestern United States have some of the best solar resources in the world. However, states with less-favorable solar resources, such as New Jersey and Massachusetts, also are among the top 10 states in total solar generation. All of the top 10 states—with the exception of Florida—have a renewable portfolio standard in place. Most of those policies include a specific target for solar power or customer-sited generation.
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration,
Note: Data include generation from plants greater than 1 megawatt. U.S. Energy Information Administration, Electric Power Monthly Data include generation from plants greater than 1 megawatt.
The increase in California's solar production came the same year that drought conditions caused hydroelectric generation to fall 46% compared to the previous five-year average. Although solar is only available at certain times of the day, the annual increase in California's solar generation in 2014 offset 83% of the decrease in hydroelectric generation. Along with increases in generation from wind power and geothermal energy, solar power helped make California the top state producer of nonhydroelectric renewable electricity in 2014, narrowly topping Texas.
Principal contributor: Allen McFarland
A horror film producer has slammed a copyright troll lawsuit which targets alleged file-sharers said to have downloaded his movie. The lawsuit, which takes aim at Internet account holders in the hope they'll pay multi-thousand dollar settlements, has a serious error. It names completely the wrong movie, meaning that an innocent producer - who describes the action as "nonsense" - has been sucked into a controversy he has nothing to do with.
Earlier this month we reported on yet another copyright troll lawsuit in the United States.
It was a slightly unusual in that instead of parading the usual porn titles, the case featured a horror movie. Furthermore, since the movie named in the suit was very low budget at just $20,000, settlements from just a handful of the couples of dozen alleged file-sharers mentioned in the suit would have covered the movie's production costs.
Well, that was the theory at least.
As can be seen from the image below, documents submitted to the court clearly show the movie Night of the Living Dead: Resurrection. The problem is that the plaintiffs in the case – Dimentional Dead Productions – have made no such movie, nor do they own the rights to one.
This huge error means that a completely innocent film producer has been sucked into a controversy that has literally nothing to do with him.
TorrentFreak has been speaking with Andrew Jones, the producer of Night of the Living Dead: Resurrection, the movie named incorrectly in the lawsuit. He's understandably not amused by Dimentional's incompetence.
“I'd like to respond by saying that the real story here is that the court documents have named the WRONG movie involved in this case. Dimentional Dead Productions LLC are actually the makers of NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD 3D: RE-ANIMATION, and not NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD RESURRECTION which was produced by my production company North Bank Entertainment,” Jones told TorrentFreak.
Jones' assertion is backed up by these entries (1,2) at the US Copyright Office.
The producer also underlined that his company has never been involved in suing people for file-sharing and would not consider it.
“I have actually been personally contacted by one of the downloaders accused in this case to inform me that the court documents have mistakenly named my film as the subject of this case,” Jones explains.
“I was sympathetic to his plight and think this whole practice of suing individuals is nonsense and I would personally not be interested in pursuing any case of this nature. I support people's rights and freedoms and do not want my film to be mistakenly associated with Dimentional Dead Productions LLC or their nonsense lawsuit,” he adds.
Jones adds that if the ISP account holders in the lawsuit highlight the error, they might have a chance of getting the case thrown out.
“Lionsgate, a US studio, are distributing this title in North America and they had a legal team check out and confirm the ownership of this motion picture before they bought it. So there is no dispute over who owns this motion picture, Dimensional Dead definitely do not,” Jones explains.
“If the accused in this case point out to the court that the WRONG film has been named in the lawsuit and that Dimentional Dead Productions LLC hold NO rights in any territory to NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD: RESURRECTION, then the case will surely be thrown out of court.”
But of course, what has also happened here is that Jones' good name has been sullied by the actions of Dimentional Dead. Perhaps his lawyers should be seeking a suitable settlement in that respect? Maybe, maybe not, but the matter looks set to continue.
“I will likely pass the details of this case onto Lionsgate as they will no doubt be interested in a company claiming for a film that they have the exclusive distribution rights in North America,” Jones concludes.
Being this the first article of this blog, I was torn as to where to begin. This is mainly because the fields of study of Quantum Information and Quantum Computation (QI and QC) are very wide and can be introduced in many ways.
After sleeping on this issue for a couple of days, I decided to go for the historical approach, starting all the way back in 1935 with the famous Einstein-Podolski-Rosen (EPR) paper: “Can Quantum-Mechanical Description of Physical Reality Be Considered Complete?“. The main reason I chose to begin with a paper that was written a couple of decades before QI and QC were born is that if one wishes to study QI and QC, one has to become familiar with the notion of quantum entanglement. And this paper was to first put the spotlight on quantum entangled states.
Without going into too much detail (don't worry, we'll get there), we can introduce quantum entanglement as the quantum correlations that express the non-locality inherent to quantum mechanics. But let's not get ahead of ourselves…
In May 1935, Albert Einstein and two of his postdoctoral research associates Boris Podolsky and Nathan Rosen published a paper with a thought experiment that was meant to prove that Quantum Mechanics showed internal contradictions in it's formulation (as we all know, Einstein wasn't very fond of this new physical theory).
In a nutshell, the authors claimed that if the description of physical reality given by the wave function is complete, then two quantities described by non-commuting operators could have simultaneous real values. Therefore concluding that quantum-mechanical's wave function description of reality is incomplete.
Since the main goal of this article is to introduce the notion of entangled states, I will not go into detail as to how those assertions are proved (although I highly recommend the reader to check the EPR paper), instead I'll present the thought experiment that Einstein, Podolski and Rosen used.
The tough experiment: entangled states
Two quantum systems, I and II, interact from times to , after which time there is no longer any interaction among the two parts. With the help of Schrödinger's equation, we can calculate the state that represents the combined system I+II at . Given any physical observable quantity A, we can define an operator whose eigenvalues and eigenfunctions are given by the set , with . Then, can be expressed as
, (1)
where are the coefficients of the expansion of into a series of orthogonal functions . If we measure the quantity A and the result is , the wave packet is reduced to a single term .
It is important to notice that the set is determined by the choice of the physical quantity A. If we had chosen a quantity B, whose corresponding operator has the set of eigenvalues and eigenfuntions , instead of Eq. (1), we would get the expansion
, (2)
where are the new expansion coefficients. Same as before, if we measure the quantity B and the outcome of said measurement is , then the state is reduced to .
Given this result, Einstein, Podolski and Rosen argue that “ as a consequence of two different measurements performed upon the first system, the second system may be left in states with two different wave functions. On the other hand, since at the time of measurement the two systems no longer interact, no real change can take place in the second system in consequence of anything that may be done to the first system. This is, of course, merely a statement of what is meant by the absence of an interaction between the two systems. Thus, it is possible to assign two different wave functions […] to the same reality (the second system after the interaction with the first). Now, it may happen that the two wave functions, and , are eigenfunctions of two non-commuting operators corresponding to some physical quantities P and Q, respectively. […] by measuring either A or B we are in a position to predict with certainty, and without in any way disturbing the second system, either the value of the quantity P (that is ) or the value of the quantity Q (that is ). “
Therefore, it would seem that the results of a measurement performed on a state of an entangled system can have an instantaneous effect on another state, and could allow us to obtain information about the second state without measuring it.
At the time, Einstein labeled this a “spooky action at a distance”, and it was Austrian physicist E. Scrödinger who originally proposed the name “entanglemet” (Verschränkung).
Is Quantum-Mechanical description of reality really incomplete?
Before you get all worked up and start accusing you physics professor of teaching you a theory that cannot completely describe physical reality, you have to know that the EPR paradox was solved by CERN physicist John Bell in 1964.
One of the key concepts on which Einstein, Podolski and Rosen base their argument is that of locality. These authors assume that if two systems are sufficiently apart, a measurement performed over one of the systems will not directly affect the reality of the other (unmeasured) system. However, Bell proved that quantum theory is non-local and that the EPR “paradox” is no more than a mere example of how Quantum Mechanics cannot be understood in classical physics terms. I will make an article about Bell's work and Bell's inequalities in the future.
Also, it's important to remember that in order to reach that conclusion, Einstein et al. assumed that for two quantities described by non-commuting operators to have simultaneous real values, we should be able to predict with certainty (i. e. with probability equal to unity) the value of said physical quantities (this is the EPR Criterion of Reality). We could, by measuring the quantity A, infer that the system II is described by the state . Similarly, by measuring the quantity B we can infer that the system II is described by the state . Taking the example EPR proposed, let us suppose that the two systems are two particles such that
. (3)
Then, by measuring the momentum on the first particle we could predict the momentum of the second. And by measuring the coordinate of the first, we can predict the coordinate of the second. Aldo it is true that by choosing which quantity to measure we can predict the state that represents the other system, it does not suffice to be able to choose which quantity to measure, we would need to actually be able to measure them both at once. Measuring the coordinate of one particle certainly does now allow us to predict the momentum of the other particle. This is one of the arguments that Bohr presented on his response to the EPR paradox.
Not only his paper rapidly became the center of a heated discussion between physicists on the interpretation of Quantum Mechanics (leading Bohr and Einstein to discus this issue for years), but it was the first time that physicists turned their attention to entangled states and their “spooky” properties. This would be the cornerstone that would eventually lead to Quantum Information and Quantum Computation fields of study, and this is the beginning of our journey into tho fascinating world of QI and QC.
For further reading about the EPR paradox, I recommend this article. I also wrote an article explaining Bohm's version of the EPR's paradox, read it here.
Ref:
A. Einstein, B. Podolsky, and N. Rosen, Phys. Rev. 47, 777 (1935).
N. Bohr, Phys. Rev. 48, 696 (1935).
All text copyright © Marco Vinicio Sebastian Cerezo de la Roca.
Entanglement (I): how it all began, the EPR Paradox. by Marco Vinicio Sebastian Cerezo de la Roca is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
Errata: I'd like to thank Santiago del Palacio for pointing out an error in Eq. (3).
Advertisements
The Rex Ryan sweepstakes look to have a clear front-runner. As the former Bills and Jets coach explores what's next after being fired in Buffalo, all signs point to him entering into television for the next stage of his career. The fit is obvious – Ryan likes the cameras and likes to talk and television likes this kind of people. If Ryan doesn't get another head coaching job, it's very easy to see him making that transition.
While speculation has been rampant as to which network Ryan might land at, we have our first indication of where his new home is going to be. Ryan will work Super Bowl Sunday for ESPN, but right now it's only a one-shot deal. At least for now.
Via John Ourand at Sports Business Journal:
When the Buffalo Bills fired Rex Ryan in December, four sports TV networks (CBS, ESPN, Fox and NFL Network) reached out almost immediately to persuade the former coach to take his act to television. Ryan opted for ESPN, signing a deal to appear on “NFL Sunday Countdown” from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. ET on Super Bowl Sunday. ESPN says the deal only covers Super Bowl Sunday, but it clearly makes ESPN a front-runner to sign Ryan to a longer deal if he's unable to find a coaching job he likes. “Rex is a great personality and has a unique perspective,” said Seth Markman, ESPN senior coordinating producer. “He knows the Patriots really well. He's raring to go.”
This is probably the beginning of a longer term relationship between Ryan and ESPN. Bristol has been pretty relaxed with signing new analysts who might have interest elsewhere but can ultimately stay under the ESPN umbrella (see Tebow, Tim). So if Ryan does go back into coaching again, this leaves ESPN with an already established relationship and likely an open door for whenever Ryan wants to make it official.
Chances are that could be as early as this coming season. The timing is interesting, though, given that ESPN just hired a litany of new analysts for Sunday NFL Countdown like Matt Hasselbeck, Randy Moss, and Charles Woodson to join Chris Berman and Trent Dilfer last year. Even though it's already a very crowded set, ESPN currently doesn't have a former coach on Countdown, so that might be the reasoning for wanting to bring in Ryan for that show and other appearances across the network.
It's just ironic that Ryan might be brought to ESPN with Chris Berman on his way out. Those two could have been on-air soulmates.
[Sports Business Journal]
This televised, incoherent meltdown has gone way beyond sore loserdom. Or even sore loserdom on steroids. It's a mental and emotional collapse.
Watching Fox News personalities recently come unglued as the realization set in that (surprise!) Democrats might actually have the votes to pass health care reform -- and noting how extraordinarily loopy and dire both the attacks on the White House, and the proclamations for pending, apocalyptic doom were becoming -- I was getting nervous that one of Fox News' more unhinged hosts might finally just snap and pull a Rev. Jim Jones, beseeching viewers to make the ultimate sacrifice.
Honestly, unless you've been monitoring the ticking time bomb that is the far-right media in recent days, you probably don't appreciate how frighteningly possible that cultish scenario has become, as the GOP Noise Machine, led by Fox News, publicly suffers a nervous breakdown. It's a mental and emotional collapse that's been advertised in recent days as cablers, radio talkers, and right-wing bloggers have reached for increasingly hysterical, often blood-curdling rhetoric to describe the irreversible atrocity -- an incurable, metastasizing malignancy!! -- that's about to seize and destroy the United States in the form of a bill to expand health care coverage.
Listening to the calamitous warnings (i.e. "the end of America as we know it"), it's not that unreasonable to think that at some point one of the media mob leaders is going to suggest that life itself just is no longer worth living.
After all, late last week the nation stood on the precipice, just three "days away from the United States of America being over as we've all known it," according to Rush Limbaugh, who warned that reform would drive every private insurance company out of business. Glenn Beck also went full tilt, warning that the bill represented a "turning point," like the Civil War and Peal Harbor, while colleague Sean Hannity pinpointed the health care vote as the "very hour" that America turned "completely towards socialism."
The Washington Times likened reform to the "Black Plague," and the online reaction was somehow even more unhinged. It was "RIP USA," because with the vote, America would become "occupied by a hostile foreign power." Indeed, a "socialist putsch" had been sprung and "America's Day of Wreckoning [sic]" was at hand. Why? Because the Democrats' health care legislation "will make every American a POW, strip them of their Freedoms and Liberty and shove them in a meat cellar for cold storage."
Not scared yet? Well, just keep in mind that "Fascist healthcare will destroy America," "civil unrest is coming," and President Obama is to blame. More? "Fascist House Democrats are preparing to euthanize America." And don't forget that Sunday's health care vote in Congress represented a "dark day for America, the worst since 9/11."
And, progressive politicians, heed this warning: "Democrats who crammed this unwarranted bill down the throats of the American people who clearly and overwhelmingly opposed it deserve to be drawn and quartered."
That's right, tortured.
As Jon Stewart noted last week while playing the straight man in a Daily Show A bit about the increasingly unhinged, right-wing response, "The rhetoric seems completely divorced from reality." And that observation came before the weekend theatrics inside the Beltway, when self-described patriots, egged on by the right-wing media, rallied to "Kill the bill!" and in the process reportedly tossed racial and anti-gay epithets at Democratic members of the Congress. (The far-right reaction? So what if they did?)
Trust me. This televised, incoherent meltdown has gone way beyond sore loserdom. Or even sore loserdom on steroids. This hasn't just been more of the usual Democrats-are-crooks type of whining that Fox News has turned into an art form since Obama's inauguration. And it's gone far beyond the usual scare tactics that the cable channel has trademarked. (Recent on-screen graphics: "Will the health bill ruin the economy?" and "Does Obamacare mean millions more jobs destroyed?")
Instead, this bout of spastic lashing out has been unique even by the previous standard adopted by Beck, who, on the eve of the health care vote, likened Democrats to Al Qaeda terrorists who were trying to bring America to its knees from the inside.
Because apparently when conservatives lose consecutive nationwide election cycles, thereby allowing Democrats to set the legislative agenda, conservatives' objections render passing bills a criminal act, and "tyranny" threatens to topple our democracy.
Let's face facts. It's never pleasant when activists are confronted with their own political impotence. (Not to mention their abysmal vote-counting skills.) But that's exactly what happened over the weekend as Democratic members of Congress passed health care reform -- reform that the radical right had already pronounced dead. In fact, the GOP Noise Machine had spent weeks dancing on reform's grave and mocking Democrats' inability to act. So how did it all go so terribly wrong for health care haters?
My hunch is that over the past few months, the right-wing media, along with self-adoring Tea Party members, made the mistake of believing their own hype. They convinced themselves that not only did 2 million people take to the streets of the nation's capital last September to protest Obama (a number that was off by 1.9 million), but that "millions" more had marched coast-to-coast over the past 12 months (a number that was completely fabricated). They fastidiously constructed their own parallel universe and convinced themselves that last summer's mini-mobs at local town hall forums had defeated health care reform. They thought their rowdy show of force, complete with Nazi and Hitler posters, and even some protesters parading around with loaded guns, had changed the debate.
Listening to Limbaugh, they thought they were dictating the agenda. Watching Fox News, they thought they reflected the mainstream. And reading right-wing blogs, they thought they had killed health care reform.
Wrong, wrong, and wrong. It was the sudden and rude realization that, instead, they'd spent the past few months trapped inside an echo chamber, I think, that created the volcanic and unhinged response we've seen play out in recent days. It's the kind of childish and hysterical reaction I didn't think we'd ever witness from a major political movement.
Indeed, imagine if this is how progressives and Democrats had behaved during the run-up to the Iraq war, the last time the country found itself in this kind of national public policy "debate." Imagine if the liberal pundits and opinion makers had reacted to the prospect of war not with thoughtful anti-war analysis (analysis that, it turned out, was dead on), but instead opted for tantrums and shameful vitriol, the way right-wing pundits have in recent days and weeks.
For instance, imagine if the anti-war movement, and its highest-profile media supporters, had attacked military families whose sons and daughters were fighting in Iraq as the invasion unfolded. That kind of abhorrent behavior would have been universally condemned as just being beyond the pale. Yet last week, as its opposition to reform grew increasingly futile, the GOP Noise Machine dedicated lots of time and energy to mocking and attacking cancer-stricken patients, as well as a motherless 11-year-old boy who had the audacity to speak out in favor of health care reform.
Limbaugh's immortal words to the boy: "Your mom would have still died, because Obamacare doesn't kick in until 2014."
To me, the attacks indicated a withering of the right-wing media's shrinking moral compass, not to mention common sense. (Mocking the seriously ill is a winning political strategy?) It was another tell-tale sign of the unfolding, and unstoppable, nervous breakdown.
Because how else do you describe this kind of erratic, disturbed behavior? And it's worth repeating: This wasn't coming from minor, fringe players. It's been coming from the supposed leading lights of the conservative media; leading lights who, blinded by paranoia, have suffered a collective collapse and can no longer make sense of their surroundings.
PREV NEXT Order Prints
A Florida man has been charged with murder after strangling his wife during an argument and then posting messages on her Facebook page under her name to try to fool her friends and family about her absence, the police said.
The man, George J. McShane Jr., was trying to “convince her friends and family she was still alive,” according to the Orlando Police Department.
McShane, 42, who a police report said worked at a resort, was arrested Wednesday and charged with second-degree murder and battery by strangulation in the death of Kristen McShane, 30, the police said.
For several days this month, Kristen McShane's Facebook page was updated with cheerful photographs documenting her life in Florida: a portrait of her smiling in front of an easel, paint brush in hand; and another of her enjoying an outing with friends.
On Jan. 7, a Facebook message informed friends and relatives why she had not been in touch: “I can't believe I dropped my phone in the toilet. I am such an idiot. Message me here, til I can get it fixed.”
Friends replied with advice (“Put it in rice”) or with offers to lend her a phone.
This week, the police in Orlando, where the McShanes lived, revealed that the author of some of those messages was not Kristen McShane but her husband.
George McShane posted the Facebook message about her phone so that others would not become alarmed because she “was not returning their phone calls or text messages,” the police said.
Officers were called to the house Tuesday by a relative of the couple who had been concerned about them, according to a police affidavit. They found McShane sitting in his car in the garage with the engine running. Then they found his wife's body in a bedroom.
The authorities said George McShane told them that he had “lost his temper and jumped on Kristen, using his two hands to choke her until he realized she was dead.” The reason for the argument was not available Friday.
McShane had not yet been arraigned Friday, a court official said in an email, but appeared in court Wednesday to hear the charges, court records showed.
Robert Larr, a public defender assigned to McShane, declined to comment on the case Friday.
The Florida case is the latest example of someone assuming the social media identity of another person to deflect suspicion from family and friends after a crime.
In December, Shanna Golyar of Iowa was arrested and charged with murder in the 2012 killing of Cari Farver of Nebraska, the Omaha police said. Golyar had posted messages on Farver's Facebook account posing as the victim, a Douglas County prosecutor said Friday.
In October, the Facebook pages of a missing South Carolina couple suddenly became active with updates that family and friends did not believe were written by them. Todd C. Kohlhepp, 45, was later charged with murder in the death of the man and with kidnapping the woman, who had been held chained in a container, the police said.
In the Orlando case, Kristen McShane's Facebook page was updated Jan. 7 with a photograph showing her next to a man at a social event.
“Who's your friend?” someone wrote.
“That's my new guy,” came the reply in the comments section under Kristen McShane's name. Another post the same day described her dropping her phone in the toilet.
Both posts appeared after 3:30 a.m. that day — the time that George McShane told the police the couple had started to argue, according to the police.
Her Facebook profile was updated twice again Sunday with posts showing a photo of her painting and another image including the sleeping face of a little girl, apparently the couple's daughter.
By Wednesday, after the husband's arrest, there were only condolence messages.
Scripps Research is partnering with game studio Playmatics to create a Science Game Lab portal for games that will support citizen science.
The portal's aim is to get people excited about science through games and gamification of science, or making it more engaging through game-like competitions. It will also help centralize efforts to use crowdsourcing to enable science projects that benefit from mass collaboration.
Image Credit: Playmatics
Scripps and New York-based Playmatics announced the partnership ahead of the Games For Change Festival in hopes of jump starting interest among students in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM).
Gamers are an important demographic in the citizen science community and have contributed to valuable scientific findings such as those uncovered by fold.it and eyewire players. Although the ecosystem for citizen science and serious games is rich and diverse, it is largely fragmented, with a few, well-publicized projects and numerous, lesser-known endeavors. The portal is aimed at unifying the fragmented landscape.
“Games with a purpose have contributed to important academic discoveries in a variety of domains including protein folding, neuronal mapping, and image processing,” said Benjamin Good, assistant professor at the Scripps Research Institute.
Good authored a review paper on the subject in 2011, and has been actively studying crowdsourcing, citizen science, and gaming as a project lead in Scripps' computational biology research group.
The Science Game Lab portal will be ahub for citizen scientists, gamers, microvolunteers, students, researchers, educators, and developers to come together and advance science. Developers of citizen science platforms will be able to use Science Game Lab to incorporate game mechanics in their projects to increase their project's appeal.
For example, citizen science projects or crowdsourced science resources like WikiPathways, will be able to reward contributor participation with badges, achievements, and the like after integrating with Science Game Lab.
Image Credit: Playmatics
“This feature can be incredibly valuable for citizen science project developers who do not have the resources to develop game mechanics and additional incentives for retaining their participants,” Good said. “Participant retention is often difficult for small citizen science projects. We hope our portal will be able to help. Participants will have an easy place to access their favorite citizen science projects and learn about other projects that may be of interest to them.”
Playmatics is a game studio that specializes in blending storytelling and game mechanic interactivity with real world context. The studio has also worked on titles such as David Chronenberg's Mind Body Change, Nightscape for Longwood Gardens, and Killer Snails: Assassins of the Sea for the American Museum of Natural History.
Margaret Wallace CEO of Playmatics, and a speaker at this week's 2016 Games For Change Festival, said in a statement, “Although we were contracted to build the portal, we have also spent a lot of personal time working on this project, because we firmly believe in its goals. With Science Game Lab, we want to empower the gaming community to contribute to science and showcase the amazing things they can accomplish while playing games.”
Andrew Su, associate professor in the department of Molecular and Experimental Medicine, explained how his research group got involved in a statement.
“We have always been interested in big data and data wrangling, and have previously built portals and services for uniting fragmented data sources. Our efforts on biogps.org, mygene.info, and myvariant.info enable researchers to easily access a wealth of gene expression, gene-centric, or genetic variant information,” Su said.
He added, “We've also had a strong interest in crowdsourcing and have spearheaded scientific contributions to Wikipedia and citizen science efforts to annotate biomedical text with our Gene Wiki initiative and Mark2Cure project respectively. Ben's supervision of our serious games endeavors like ‘The Cure', and our crowdsourcing efforts like Gene Wiki/Wikidata made him the ideal lead for this effort. This upcoming portal is a culmination of our interests in data wrangling and crowdsourced science.”
Good pushed to ensure that the project would be open source.
“The open source community is a highly motivated, extremely skilled community. We hope members of this amazing group will join our efforts in building and improving this citizen science portal,” Good said.
Science Game Lab is currently in beta testing, but users and citizen scientists are strongly encouraged to add their emails to the interest list to be notified when the portal officially opens. ‘Super participants', or expert contributors to citizen science projects can further assist the development of the portal by encouraging the developers of their favorite citizen science projects to participate with Science Game Lab. Researchers can contact Science Game Lab at info@sciencegamelab.org.
“Playmatics is delighted to be partnering with Scripps Research Institute for this important endeavor,” Wallace said. “We were able to fully leverage our prior experience in building and running game portals, only this time for games have the potential to contribute directly to scientific discovery.”
Air France has several scheduled flights Tuesday evening between New York and Paris. Dominique Strauss-Kahn may well be on one of them, headed home, his three-month trek through the American criminal justice system having come full circle.
THE DAY Clyde Haberman offers his take on the news.
It was on such a New York-to-Paris flight that his journey began in mid-May. He was minutes from being airborne when police detectives yanked him off the plane and returned him to Manhattan to face charges that he had sexually assaulted and tried to rape a housekeeper at the hotel he left hours earlier.
Now, as just about everyone from here to the Louvre knows, the criminal case against Mr. Strauss-Kahn has fallen apart, totally and stunningly. Not because he is an innocent. The evidence is ample that in the space of a few minutes he had a sexual encounter with a woman who had walked into his room, whom he didn't know, who meant nothing to him. Exactly how that episode came about remains unexplained.
No, Mr. Strauss-Kahn is not an innocent. Maybe if I were French, a word like “cochon” would come to mind. You can look it up.
But to go free, he doesn't have to be innocent. He merely needs to be not guilty. And in a 25-page motion, prosecutors representing the Manhattan district attorney said on Monday that they had no confidence they could prove Mr. Strauss-Kahn guilty of having forced himself on the woman, Nafissatou Diallo.
Theirs was an interesting document, written in smooth, accessible language, free of the legal mumbo jumbo that often litters such pages. Clearly, it was drafted for an audience well beyond a courtroom, detailing how a criminal case they once called rock solid had devolved into an unholy mess.
The problem, the prosecutors said, lay not so much with Mr. Strauss-Kahn as with his accuser. They said Ms. Diallo, who was not named in their document, had told so many lies on so many crucial subjects — details of the encounter with Mr. Strauss-Kahn, questions about whether she was trying to shake him down for money, abuses that she said she had endured in her native Guinea and elements of her claim for asylum in this country — that her credibility had shriveled.
“If we do not believe her beyond a reasonable doubt,” the prosecutors said, “we cannot ask a jury to do so.” She told so many falsehoods, they said, that “their cumulative effect would be devastating” were she to take the witness stand.
So they asked Justice Michael J. Obus of State Supreme Court in Manhattan to dismiss the criminal charges. The judge is expected to accede to their request on Tuesday. By nightfall, Mr. Strauss-Kahn, who was head of the International Monetary Fund before his arrest, could be flying home to France, where he had been a serious presidential contender.
It is hard to imagine anyone feeling good about this tawdry case.
Fairly or not, Mr. Strauss-Kahn's career has unraveled. Fairly or not, Ms. Diallo has been labeled a woman of dubious integrity; for all anyone knows, she may yet face deportation. Fairly or not, the district attorney, Cyrus R. Vance Jr., has had his judgment and competence called into question. Ms. Diallo's lawyer went so far on Monday as to demand that Mr. Vance be supplanted by a special prosecutor — a Hail Mary pass, if ever there was one.
Fairly or not, the justice system itself has been criticized by an assortment of groups, including representatives of women's advocacy organizations who protested Monday evening outside the Criminal Courts Building in Manhattan.
Yet it could be argued that the system, if flawed, worked as it is supposed to.
A woman of little social status charged that a man of considerable power had attacked her. Instead of dismissing her out of hand, as might have been the case in other societies, the New York authorities sprang into action. They yanked the man off a plane and hauled him off to jail. When her credibility was then deemed to have as much substance as a soap bubble, the authorities decided they had no choice but to let the suspect go.
Do we really want our district attorneys to pursue cases in which they have no faith?
The issue was summed up on Monday by a commenter to City Room who identified herself only as Matilda, from Manhattan. “I hate to say it, but I'm glad that the D.A. is dismissing this sorry case,” Matilda wrote.
She described herself as “a longtime feminist who has long protested violence against women.” But she said, “this was not the case — not the woman — to pin our hopes on.”
For more local news from The Times, including the Manhattan district attorney's formal motion to drop the case against Dominique Strauss-Kahn and his accuser's lawyer's request to remove District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. from the case; a large increase in allegations of grade-changing and test-tampering by educators under the Bloomberg administration; and a look at New York's public tennis courts as we near the start of the United States Open, see the N.Y./Region section.
Here's what City Room is reading in other newspapers and on other blogs this morning.
Deaths from domestic violence increased 10 percent in New York State last year, according to a report by the State Criminal Justices Services Division. The jump appears to have been mostly in the city, with children making up a disproportionately large number of the victims. [Daily News]
A teenager was fatally shot in Fort Greene, allegedly by the father of her 3-year-old daughter after he punched her and she splashed him with bleach. [Daily News] (Also see The New York Post)
The City Council speaker, Christine C. Quinn, spoke out against a large shelter for mentally ill homeless people in Chelsea that has already begun to take clients. [New York Post]
Two insurance executives have filed libel lawsuits against former Gov. Eliot Spitzer seeking more than $90 million in total for a column he wrote on Slate.com. [New York Post] (Also see The Wall Street Journal)
The Feast of Santa Rosalia in Bensonhurst has been canceled. [Brooklyn Daily Eagle]
Politicians spoke out Monday against Michael Pena, a police officer accused of raping a 25-year-old schoolteacher at gunpoint last Friday in Inwood. Mr. Pena contends that prosecutors are trying to make an example out of him. [Daily News]
A building superintendent in TriBeCa has been charged with grand larceny and is accused of selling the works of an artist whose family left the pieces in his care after the artist, ShirleyWest, died on June 8, 2010. [New York Post]
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has hired a number of former workers in his administration to work for Bloomberg Philanthropies. [Wall Street Journal]
The National Weather Service has already released a hazardous weather outlook for New York City for Saturday, when what is now Hurricane Irene is expected to reach us. [mcbrooklyn]
A small group of New Yorkers are trying to preserve the Aztec language Nahuatl in the city. [Daily News]
A look at the Bensonhurst venue once graced by the Grateful Dead at 2:30 p.m. on a Wednesday. [Brownstoner]
A photograph of a West End Towers apartment building will be featured on a new Forever stamp. [New York Post]
Photos: demolishing a fine East Village town house. [EV Grieve]
Detail Details Price: $199 Weight: Empty, 12 ounces; Full, 2-5 pounds Materials: Eight-layer Gore-Tex NeoGnarnia; locally sourced merino wool; Titanium snap backs Buy Here
Illustration: Tyler Hartlage
It's taken all season but finally, the rope is about to drop, you are first in line, and it is absolutely pounding. I mean, full diesel-powered Japanese-style powder hammering. But uh-oh. What's that rumble, rumble, gurgle? Oh, shit, you think. The coffee sludge and jalapeño bacon breakfast burrito you slammed needs somewhere to go. Fast. Someone in the lift line asks what that smell is. You look around innocently, but you know that if you get on that chair, there will be an explosion. So you slowly retreat, mumble something incomprehensible to your friends, clinch tightly, and shimmy to the bathroom stall where you start doing the I-have-to-drop-a-deuce-right-now dance while removing your extra layers with all the other jamokes who are seriously MISSING IT.
We've all been there. But no one wants to be. Now, you never have to miss a powder run again. Introducing the Big Dumps TI 5000, a high-performance undergarment for the most committed skier. Developed in collaboration with experts from the incontinence industry, these pull-on briefs have super ultra-absorption and protection, no matter how big the release. Meanwhile, a stretchy, wicking Spandex waist provides comfort and breathability all day long. Made with eight-layer Gore-Tex NeoGnarnia outer-fabric with locally sourced vegan merino wool liners and a titanium snapping closure, the Big Dumps TI 5000 skimps none of the details while ensuring maximum comfort and minimal leakage. Not only will you never miss it again, but, providing double-practicality, the garment is also ideal for the next time you are standing on top of a particularly frightening line, scared shitless. Time to get sick.
Skiing Hot: Avoid disastrous ski area bathroom stalls and maximize your shredding every day; extra butt warmth on the chairlift.
Skiing Not: You're an adult wearing a diaper.
This story originally appeared in the September 2017 (46.1) issue of POWDER. To have great stories delivered right to your door, in print, subscribe here.
The rumors started almost as soon as it had been announced that Disney had bought Lucasfilm and would release Star Wars Episode VII in 2015. Even before we knew anything about the new movie, the consensus from Star Wars fandom at large seemed to be that Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher obviously needed to star in it.
In the months that followed, each member of the trinity teased some level of involvement in the project; Hamill mentioned to Entertainment Tonight that the actors hadn't signed contracts but were "in the stage where they want us to go in and meet with Michael Arndt, who is the writer, and Kathleen Kennedy, who is going to run Lucasfilm." Earlier this week, Fisher told Palm Beach Illustrated point blank that she would return for the latest installment, an admission quickly followed by a statement from her publicist that of course she was joking. (Ford, meanwhile, has been more circumspect, using anonymous third parties to signal his openness to the idea.)
Now, however, George Lucas has let it slip that he signed all three actors for the next movie, if not more beyond that. In a Bloomberg Businessweek story about Disney's buyout of Lucasfilm, the Star Wars creator reveals that Lucasfilm "had already signed Mark and Carrie and Harrison – or we were pretty much in final stages of negotiation [when the Disney deal came about]. So I called them to say, 'Look, this is what's going on.'"
Lucas seemed to immediately realize what he had said and attempted to backtrack from the admission, saying "Maybe I'm not supposed to say that. I think they want to announce that with some big whoop-de-do, but we were negotiating with them," and adding, "I won't say whether the negotiations were successful or not." Don't worry, George. I think that saying that you "had already signed" the actors pretty much says it all.
Still, Disney – and director J.J. Abrams – are the ones at the helm of Star Wars now, and they have yet to confirm the casting. So when will we hear the original word on the return of the classic Star Wars trio? And should we expect more familiar faces from the original trilogy when Episode VII debuts in 2015?
GM is struggling in the dire market for new cars The European Commission has called for a crisis meeting among EU states hosting General Motors (GM) plants. EU Industry Commissioner Guenter Verheugen said that the way GM was "dealing with the issue of Europe is not acceptable". Earlier, the troubled carmaker's auditors said there was "substantial doubt" about the ability of General Motors to stay afloat. Last week GM posted a $30.9bn (£21.9bn) loss for 2008. It also warned that 2009 was set to be "challenging". Shares in General Motors fell more than 15% in New York trading. European worries We expect GM to disclose everything
Guenter Verheugen, EU Industry Commissioner Earlier this week, GM's top executive warned the European divisions of General Motors (GM) could collapse within weeks without European governments' help - costing up to 300,000 jobs. Chief operating officer Fritz Henderson also said governments should step in immediately to ensure GM Europe did not run out of money by April or May. Mr Verheugen said: "We expect GM to disclose everything, "What are their plans with their European daughter companies and locations? What are they doing with property rights, and especially is GM prepared to maintain responsibility for the European companies or not?" He said that at the emergency meeting he wanted to find out "what the different member states that have GM sites are considering to do". EU countries that have GM-related production plants include Britain, Belgium, Poland, Germany, Spain and Sweden. Some other EU states host suppliers. Liquidation fears Ongoing losses and the struggle to generate cash flow meant the firm's ability to continue as a going concern should be questioned, said the auditors. The firm, which plans to cut 47,000 jobs, has said it might need another $22.6bn in government loans to survive. It had already received $13.4bn in federal loans as it struggles in what analysts say is the worst vehicle sales market in 27 years. GM said that its creditors had decided not to force the company to repay more than $6bn in loans following the auditor's warning, in order to let GM press the case for more government financial aid. "The corporation's recurring losses from operations, stockholders' deficit, and inability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations and sustain its operations raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern," auditors for Deloitte & Touche wrote in the annual report. GM reiterated on Thursday that a bankruptcy filing could lead to liquidation, as the company would not have enough funds to finance its reorganisation. Besides, consumers could be reluctant to buy bankrupt carmakers' vehicles, GM said. According to GM, its February sales plummeted 53% from a year earlier, while its rival Ford posted a 48% drop. The auditors' remarks reflect comments already made by the firm about its difficulties. GM said in its annual report: "Our future is dependent on our ability to execute our viability plan. "If we fail to do so for any reason, we would not be able to continue as a going concern and could potentially be forced to seek relief through a filing under the US bankruptcy code."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted: Friday, July 24, 2015 --- 4:16 p.m.
A Madison man said he was discriminated against by his Uber driver. It was his first time trying to use Uber and he said it could not have been a worse experience.
Dave Tolmie and his dog, Divit, have been a pair for the last 5 and a half years, and Divit is far from your average dog.
"If you tell him to do something and he thinks it's too dangerous he'll actually stop and not let you do it," said Dave.
Divit is a seeing eye dog. Dave was born legally blind, and said Divit changed his life.
"He keeps me safe everyday and we're a great team," Dave said.
On Thursday, Dave decided that Divit needed his nails trimmed, and made an appointment with his vet. Dave, not being able to drive, ordered an Uber. But first, he checked the ride sharing website to make sure it follows ADA policies.
"It clearly states that they've educated all of their drivers that service dogs are allowed in all vehicles," said Dave.
But that was far from the case when the car rolled up. According to Dave, the driver told him he had a problem with Divit getting into his car since he had leather seats. Dave said even after informing the driver of the law, the driver refused and took off, but not before canceling Dave's ride and charging him a $1 cancellation fee.
"It was very shocking. I cant say I've ever...I mean it's clear discrimination," said Dave.
According to a statement from an Uber spokesperson, "All drivers with Uber are expected to comply fully with ADA requirements, and we provide our driver community with information on best practices for accommodating riders with disabilities. Our Code of Conduct specifically prohibits any type of discrimination in serving riders with disabilities. Uber also requires driver partners to accommodate service animals in compliance with accessibility laws."
Dave said he's not so much concerned about getting his dollar back as he is about making sure no one else has to go through what he did. He has filed a complaint with the Equal Opportunities Commission and the City of Madison. Dave said he's contemplating getting a private attorney to handle his case and is lucky it was not an emergency trip to the vet and just a routine one.
Editor Note: This story has been updated with a new statement from Uber.
Bengaluru, July 12 ( IANS Analysis of satellite images have revealed an "alarming recession " of glaciers in the Bhilangna basin of the Garhwal Himalayas from 1965, scientists at the Indian Space Research Organisation ISRO ) have said.Home to 9,575 glaciers (as per a Geological Survey of India inventory) the Himalayas are considered to have the largest concentration of glaciers outside the Polar regions. Snow and melt water from the glaciers is the major source of water for the large river basins, the Indus and the Ganges.The Bhilangna basin is bounded by the Bhagirati group of glaciers in north and west and the Mandakini group of glaciers in east. The basin supports 33 glaciers, of which Khatling is the largest. The water melt from Khatling and its tributary glaciers in the basin contribute to the source of Bhilangna river -- the southernmost tributary of the Bhagirathi.The ISRO scientists found that this main glacier had receded 4,340 meters since 1965 and had fragmented into multiple valley glaciers resulting in the total loss of 10 per cent of glacier area.Glacier status in Bhilangna basin was assessed from high resolution imageries obtained in 1965 by the Corona satellite of the United States and comparing these with photos taken in 2014 by ISRO's Cartosat satellite. Additionally, data from the Linear Imaging Self-Scanning Sensor of ISRO's Resourcesat-2 satellite launched in 2016 were also used for the analysis."All the glaciers in the basin show significant recession from 1965 to 2014," Babu Govindha Raj , ISRO scientist and lead author of the report, published in the open access publication " Geomatics , Natural Hazards and Risk , 2017", told this correspondent."However, recession of the Khatling glacier from 1965 to 2014 is alarming in comparison to that of neighbouring Bhagirathi and Mandakini group of glaciers in the basin," Raj added.The satellite image interpretation and field evidence show that morphology and dynamics of the Khatling glacier has a strong influence on its faster recession, says the report. "The glacier fragmentation creates smaller glaciers that are more prone to faster melting than the larger trunk glaciers."South-facing glaciers in the Indian Himalayas show more melting because they receive more solar radiation than those facing north due to their orientation. "In 1965, the ablation area of Khatling trunk glacier orientation was towards the south. This might have enhanced the incidence of solar radiation and resulted in faster melting of the glacier ice," the authors say."Furthermore, the debris cover of the Khatling glacier is very thin in comparison to that of other glaciers in Bhilangna and this boosts the solar radiation received by the glacier resulting in more melting."According to the authors, "The alarming retreat and fragmentation of valley glaciers into smaller glaciers may have profound impact on the future sustainability of Himalayan glaciers and water availability."The report says that Himalayan glaciers that have been in a state of retreat at various rates since 1960 "are showing reliable evidence of climate change. However, due to lack of meteorological observations and continuous glaciological data, it is difficult to establish the relationship of climate change through glacier dynamics."(K.S. Jayaraman is a senior science journalist. He can be contacted at killugudi@hotmail.com)--IANSksj/vm/sac
Chapter Text
So. It turned out that Bruce's Betty was, in fact, one Elizabeth Ross. As in, the daughter of General 'I hate you and everything you stand for, Stark' Ross. Also, General 'Leading the charge against the Hulk' Ross. In fact, General 'Just generally not a happy person' Ross.
Huh. Awkward.
It also turned out that General Ross was more or less the reason that Betty was not firmly ensconced at Bruce's side, fuck you all anyway, thanks. Because, lets be clear, the woman had been trying. Ever since the Avengers had their very, very public battle with Loki, where it had been kinda hard to miss the big green guy laying down the law alongside the rest of them, Ms Ross had been very, very determinedly petitioning first the army, and then SHIELD, and then anyone she could get her hands on, to be allowed to see Bruce, to even know where Bruce was. JARVIS had dug up something on the order of six attempts, in the last few months, to get someone to talk to her, to let her through.
And every single time, even after SHIELD had loosened up about Bruce, maybe looked like they'd allow it, General fucking Ross had shoved forward a counter-petition that said if anyone dared put his daughter in range of an unstable biological weapon on loan to SHIELD against his wishes, he would raise the kind of stink that would get SHIELD fucking disbanded, don't think he wouldn't, Fury, fucking try it.
Which, naturally, Fury did, because Fury didn't take that shit from anybody, but the whole thing had devolved into a bureaucratic pissing match that had successfully gummed up official channels on the matter for the foreseeable future. Now, Tony was betting SHIELD would win out eventually, especially considering JARVIS had dug up what looked very like Coulson's signature on a few of those counter-counter petitions, and Tony wasn't betting on anyone going up against Coulson in a paperwork war, but still. It was going to take time. Time Ms Ross, judging by the increasingly angry and desperate tone of her petitions, wasn't going to have before she went and did something ... unwise. Like, you know, go on the run with a big green rage monster, or walk onto an active battlefield for Bruce's sake, or ...
For the record? Tony was liking this woman. A lot. And he hadn't even met her yet.
But, actually. About that.
See, Tony wasn't much for official channels on the best of days. He was more a 'better to beg forgiveness' kinda guy. Well, no. More a 'do it anyway and get off scot free' kinda guy, but the principle was the same. And he had a number of advantages SHIELD didn't.
Such as, that he was still more or less a civilian consultant. No joining any military outfits for him, thank you, he'd had that argument with Rhodey years ago, and if Rhodey couldn't wheedle him around to it, Fury sure as hell couldn't. So he didn't go through a chain of command (much, anyway), and his actions as a private citizen didn't reflect back on SHIELD itself (much, anyway). And if there was blame to be taken, he could happily be the one to take it.
Such as, that the Avengers were no longer living on a top-secret SHIELD base that you needed a pass to access, but at his house. Well. One of them. And it was mostly their house, these days. But. Point was. It was his private property, and he could have any goddamn guests he liked come 'round, couldn't he? If he wanted to invite a pretty woman to stop by, that wasn't any of the army's goddamn business, was it?
Such as, that he had a private jet, and an AI pal that could make his travel plans involving said jet and trips to, say, Virginia, more discreet than really should be possible, in these terrorism-friendly days.
But, most of all, most importantly, such as the fact that he was Tony fucking Stark, and he was a friend of Bruce's, and if he wanted something, he damn well went and got it. Pretty women willing, anyway.
Which was why he was standing here, on Ms Ross' front porch, with a neat little convertible parked in the drive behind him, leaning casually on the doorframe and knocking at the door like he had all the time in the world, and the army none the wiser. Mostly because, for the moment at least, they were none the wiser.
There were days it was good to be Tony Stark, you know that?
Though, when the door opened and he met the confused, then recognising, then fucking furious eyes of Dr Elizabeth Ross, he maybe gave some thought to reconsidering that statement. You know. Just a little.
"Mr Stark," Betty said, with a smile that was fixed, and polite, and for some reason reminded Tony of Natasha in a way that made his lizard brain start panicking slightly. "Why don't you come in?"
"Uh. Sure?" Come on, Tony. It couldn't be any worse than stepping into the lab when Bruce was having a bad day. It definitely couldn't be any worse than getting between Natasha and the alcohol on one of her bad days. (For the record? Don't do that. Don't ever do that. Fucking Coulson didn't do that).
"Tea? Coffee?" she said, once he was in the door, clicking it closed behind him in a way that definitely should not have sounded intimidating, no sir. Mind you, this was a woman who was apparently unfazed by the Hulk. And yeah, Tony knew, and she knew, that the Hulk was actually a big softie at heart, but still. Giant green rage monster. Unfazed.
"Ah, how about no?" he said, breezily, and not at all carefully, no ma'am. "Actually, I was hoping to talk to you about ..." The Hulk? The love of your life? Your (ex?) boyfriend? "... About Bruce?"
Her smile went rigid, for a second. Her smile went stiff, and something flashed in her eyes, a big tangled ball of things that Tony couldn't parse, not in time. But there was pain in there. And anger, fuck yes, he recognised that one. Hard to miss, that anger.
"Where is he?" she said, very quietly. Stepping right up to him, monstering him into the wall, right there in the hallway. Not even waiting to reach the living room, or anywhere they could sit down. Months, she'd been fighting, trying to get to Bruce. Tony figured maybe she'd lost whatever patience she'd once had. "Where. Is. Bruce?"
Tony blinked, a little. Not at the anger. He'd gotten that from her petitions. But at the quiet threat, there. At the fact that she was threatening him. Tony Stark. Who, aside from anything else, was one of the richest men on the planet, who could probably buy and sell her a hundred times over, and was on the first and best superhero team going besides. Betty Ross was doing her damnedest, to intimidate him.
Huh. What was it Bruce had said? The bravest thing he'd ever seen? Tony stifled a grin. Oh yeah. He could get to liking Dr Betty Ross. A lot.
"That's what I'm here to talk to you about," he said, looking at her seriously. Really, genuinely seriously. Because, he got it, this wasn't something she was ready to joke about. "I was wondering ..."
"No," she cut him off. Icily. He blinked. "No, I'm not going to back off. If that's what you were sent to ask. I'm not backing down, not until you tell me, or someone tells me ..." Her voice cracked, ice shattering briefly over pain, and then it firmed. Then she had it back. "Until someone tells me where Bruce is. And what you've done with him."
Tony blinked. Long and slow. "What we've done with him." She nodded, fiercely, her lip curling as she stepped forward again, hand coming up to press against his chest, pin him to the wall. Tony wasn't even sure she was conscious of doing it.
"You haven't dissected him, at least," she said, something raw under her voice. "Or hurt him much. He's been fighting for you. He wouldn't ... he wouldn't, if you had ..."
Tony's blood shot through with ice, something sick and crawling slamming through his gut. "That was ... That was a concern?" he managed. Much more hoarsely than he'd have liked. She looked at him, with something like pity, and a lot like pain.
"What do you think my father wanted him for?" she asked, quietly. "Though, maybe I can't blame you. I didn't believe it, either. Not until Bruce told me." She smiled, bright and jagged. "He's a weapon, isn't he, Mr Stark? You of all people should know what your government does with weapons that aren't any use anymore." The icy thing bloomed, jagged tendrils spiking through him, and her smile faltered. Fell. "Though, I guess he is being useful. Now."
"No," Tony snarled, instinctive, unconscious denial. His brain wasn't fully booting, yet, something cold and distant fogging his thoughts, but he knew that much. He knew that much. "He's not being useful. He's not being fucking useful." It wasn't like that. It was not like that. Fuck him. No. "He's my team. He's my friend. He fucking saved my life, and he is not ... Fuck. No."
No, no, no, and furthermore, no. And if Bruce thought it was like that, if SHIELD thought it was like that ... Fuck General Ross, and fuck Nick Fury. Tony could break them, if he had to. He could break them. Fucking see if he couldn't.
"... You mean that," Betty said, watching him. Right up close, watching the jagged thing in his eyes. And it wasn't a question, not quite. Tony counted that a small triumph, at least. "You mean that."
He nodded, tightly, straightening up, realising belatedly that he had slumped back against the wall for a second. Not saying anything, just working to shove ... all of that ... back down, lock it back inside him. Fuck. Where was his easy smile when he needed it?
Betty backed off, a little. Backed up a couple of steps, let him stand properly. Watching him, with a strange look in her eyes.
"Why did you come here?" she asked, suddenly, looking thoughtfully at him. "Not to tell me to back off. Why?"
He swallowed, straightened. Twitched his shirt back to rights, settled 'Tony Stark, playboy philanthropist' around him like a shield. Found his casual grin, forced it back up whether it wanted to go or not. She let him. He got the distinct impression she was letting him.
"I came to ask you if you'd like to accompany me on a little trip," he managed, when he'd gotten 'cavalier and charming' fixed back in place. "Go to New York. See the sights. Meet up with ... an old friend. Like that?"
She blinked, long and slow. Her face going a little stiff, like she was trying not to let the sudden hope show too badly. "To New York," she repeated, slowly. "Where ... Where he is?" Tony nodded, the grin a little more real, now. "I thought ... I've been denied clearance for ..."
"Yeah, see," Tony interrupted, raising one hand in a flourish. "That's the advantage of taking a trip with me. I don't use clearances. Not for my house."
She stared at him. "... Your house?"
He grinned, rich and deep. "Yup. My house. My private property. Who else do you think was rich enough to put up a bunch of superheroes that happens to include a Hulk, a god of thunder, and a supersoldier who has a slight tendancy to go through gym equipment like paper?" He let the smirk grow full-blown. "SHIELD were very happy to have me footing the bill, let me tell you."
She worked that through. She worked it through, and came up with the right, sneaky answer, just like he'd planned. "So," she said, slowly. "If you happened to have ... a friend around? Just for a visit?"
Tony grinned, nodded. "Don't need clearance for that, do you? Did I happen to mention I also have a private jet? At the nearest airfield? Right now?"
She looked at him, for a long, long moment. And then ... she smiled, and it was ... mischief, and defiance, and a hint of 'fuck you, world, I am getting what I want', and yeah, oh yeah, Tony could see why Bruce loved her. Tony could see why Bruce would strangle an abomination mostly to death to keep her safe. He could see why she was Bruce's Pepper.
"Are you kidnapping me, Mr Stark?" she asked, and it was playful, it was light and defiant and playful, and yeah, Tony was going to break the world for her, too. He totally was.
"I don't know," he said, flashing her that patented Stark grin, delighting in her raised eyebrow. "Would you like me to?"
She let it wait a beat, smiling that quiet smile, and then ... "Give me half an hour to pack," she said, Betty Ross, and grinned at him. "And we're flying first class, right?"
He laughed. "Never anything less, with Tony Stark airways!"
Pepper was going to kill him. Also Coulson, and Fury, and most SHIELD. Possibly Cap. But fuck. There were days it was really, really good to be him.
Oh yeah.
The 13% increase in public revenue in March, as well as the additional 300 million euros from European funds that went towards the public investment program, have provided the government with a valuable lifeline, so that Greece may fulfill its obligations.
The 300 million euros are considered a “present” by Jean-Claude Juncker, who expedited the procedures for subsidy payments of projects and programs currently in progress. The European Commission president's aim was to facilitate the Greek government until an agreement can be reached at the upcoming Eurogroup.
Aside from the 300 million euros in the public investment program and 13% increase of public revenue, the government also transferred 550 million euros from the Financial Stability Fund and a further 150 million euros from the National Telecommunications Committee. As a result, the government managed to cover the revenue shortfalls of January and February.
According to the State budget, there was a 194 million euro deficit in February 2015, with the target being a 70-million-euro deficit. In February 2014 there was a 487 million euro surplus. As such, the primary surplus amounted to 1,238 million euros, with the target being 1,411 million euros. Last year's surplus was 2,063 million euros. The net revenue in the state budget was 7,790 million euros, which was 11% (967 million euros) less than the target, which was met in March.
This Java program is to Implement HashSet Collection API. This class implements the Set interface, backed by a hash table (actually a HashMap instance). It makes no guarantees as to the iteration order of the set; in particular, it does not guarantee that the order will remain constant over time. This class permits the null element.This class offers constant time performance for the basic operations (add, remove, contains and size), assuming the hash function disperses the elements properly among the buckets. Iterating over this set requires time proportional to the sum of the HashSet instance's size (the number of elements) plus the “capacity” of the backing HashMap instance (the number of buckets). Thus, it's very important not to set the initial capacity too high (or the load factor too low) if iteration performance is important.
Here is the source code of the Java program to Implement HashSet Collection API. The Java program is successfully compiled and run on a Linux system. The program output is also shown below.
Bruce Pearl
Auburn head coach Bruce Pearl speaks to his players during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in the quarter final round of the Southeastern Conference tournament against the LSU, Friday, March 13, 2015, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey)
(Mark Humphrey)
The long-discussed series between Auburn and UAB appears to be a go.
A week after UAB learned it will receive a one-year reprieve to remain in Conference USA, Auburn coach Bruce Pearl revealed Monday an announcement on a series between the schools is coming soon.
"We're excited about that series and I think that will probably be the next thing that will come out about the schedule," Pearl said outside a speaking engagement in Muscle Shoals.
Auburn and UAB have been discussing a four-game series with two games in Birmingham and two in Auburn. Pearl said in April the two sides had "agreed in principle" to a deal. Auburn and UAB officials previously confirmed discussions were underway for a series in basketball, but neither side revealed details.
UAB hit pause on contract discussions after killing its football program in the fall. Conference USA requires its teams to field a football team to maintain affiliation. The Blazers won the Conference USA Tournament in Birmingham and advanced to the second round of the NCAA Tournament in March.
When asked to clarify whether the series with UAB will start this upcoming season, Pearl said: "I'm expecting that something could be coming out shortly on a series with UAB."
Auburn and UAB have not played since 1999, but the schools have met 17 times since 1983.
Auburn is scheduled to travel to Xavier, Coastal Carolina and the Diamondhead Classic in Hawaii next season. The Tigers will also play Middle Tennessee in Nashville and host Colorado.
With just 12 months to go before Microsoft ends support for Windows XP, budget airline easyJet has wrapped up a project to move 9,000 users off the veteran operating system.
Windows XP did what it needed to do and people have sweated that asset — easyJet CTO Andy Caddy
It's a task that still awaits four out of 10 IT departments in the UK, assuming they want to make the 8 April 2014 end-of-life deadline — and it's not a process to be rushed, according to easyJet CTO Andy Caddy.
"If you put the whole thing in all at once, I think that would have overwhelmed people," Caddy said.
"Approach it in a methodical and controlled way from a user perspective — so, not trying to dump an enormous amount of change on people at once," he said.
"We didn't try to do the email, the desktop, the remote access all at the same time. We did them in a set of drops of technology, which mean that it was easier for users to adapt and gave us a better chance of delivering communications and training to people."
Migration timescales
The timescales involved in a migration of an estate of 2,500 laptops and desktops from XP to Windows 7 can also be long, with easyJet starting initial work in 2010.
"We used 2011 in terms of supplier selection and preparing our initial work and 2012 was delivery year," he said.
The airline chose Accenture- and Microsoft-owned consultancy Avanade for the systems integration and ongoing application provisioning using Microsoft System Center 2012 Configuration Manager.
Caddy has nothing against XP but easyJet knew its infrastructure and desktops needed upgrading — and poor feedback from a staff satisfaction survey helped signal the end of the line for the operating system.
"XP served its purpose for a long time. It may not have had the bells and whistles but it did its job very satisfactorily," he said.
"It was reliable and it did what it needed to do — and people have sweated that asset. From our point of view that's exactly what we did. We're a very low-cost company and with a very lean IT budget and we thought we'd get the most out of the technology."
Slow boot times
But boot-up times for the XP machines had become "horrendous", Caddy said. In an organisation where aircraft crews may only have minutes to load materials before every flight, this delay was unacceptable.
"We've had examples where it's taken four or five minutes to boot up and this is in an environment where pilots and crew are going into crew rooms and they have got to be on a plane in 15 minutes, so you can't have that. We set this target where everything had to be under 30 seconds and we beat that by a long, long way," he said.
With staff perceptions of their XP-based machines deteriorating, Caddy said management issues with the old operating system were also starting to surface.
"Being able to manage an estate of PCs in a really effective manner — you can do some of it with XP but you can manage better with Windows 7. We felt that running modern PCs we could get better value out of the equipment," he said.
"With XP we were starting to find a bit of interoperability problems. You'd get modern equipment that wouldn't work with it. You couldn't get the drivers. It was getting tricky to support."
According to Avanade research published in February, 52 per cent of UK IT departments have yet to put in place a strategy for dealing with applications that currently run under XP, first released to manufacturers in August 2001.
User needs and requirements
Caddy said the first step of the project involved dividing the needs and requirements of the airline's 9,000 users at 19 European locations into five distinct classes.
"It's quite a big ask but when you start to break it down and do a bit of analysis, you can say there are these five different types of people and here are the solutions that you need for each of those five situations. That worked really well and that helped us get away from treating everyone as an edge case," he said.
As well as putting Windows 7 Enterprise edition and Office 2010 on all laptops and desktops, the project involved a Wi-Fi upgrade, and a move to Microsoft Forefront Endpoint network and terminal security, as well as Microsoft DirectAccess for mobile staff.
"A good Windows 7 laptop working with the right technology is a good experience for people. They can sit at their desks or in Costa or Starbucks or whatever. That would have been something that would have been very hard to reproduce with XP," Caddy said.
He said easyJet was at an early stage with BYOD. "We have people who like to bring their iPhones and their iPads and we probably underestimated how important that was and we had to go round the loop again to try and either put in the right policies to deal with those or the right technical solutions," he said.
"These days to be able to say, 'Here's a solution: it's either this PC or this laptop. End of story' doesn't work anymore for people. They need something that's a little more flexible to incorporate personal devices as well."
Although I never met the man, Colonel Sanders doesn't strike me as a hurried individual. Anybody who's willing to add 11 different seasonings to his fried chicken can see the value in taking the time to appreciate the finer things in life. I like to imagine that rather than rush through his meals, the KFC founder would linger at the table, at least for a few minutes, and when his schedule allowed, for periods extending to “a spell.”
That's why I think he'd approve of KFC opening its first full-fledged café this month in Japan.
November 28 is opening day for the Colonel's Café at the Foresta Rokko shopping center, located in front of Kobe's Rokkomichi Station. While the regular KFC lineup of fried chicken (and fried soup, should it ever return) will be available, the café will also offer some classy menu items you won't find at any ordinary KFC.
You can't have a café without coffee, and customers will be able to enjoy French press made from freshly ground aged Guatemalan, Mexican, or Gayo Mountain beans, with prices starting at 450 yen (US $3.90). If you prefer your caffeine to come from tea, 400 yen ($3.45) will get you a pot of Earl Grey, Darjeeling, or Ceylon.
Assuming you didn't spoil your appetite by devouring a whole bucket of Original Recipe, the lineup of 350-yen desserts consists of shortcake, New York cheesecake, Mont Blanc, and coffee gelatin, in case you need a double helping of joe. Step up the price ladder to 380 yen ($3.28) and you'll find Japan's reigning king of the café sweets scene: thick pancakes with vanilla ice cream.
Finally, until 10 in the morning, the Colonel's Café serves toast for 200 yen ($1.73). Not exactly the most exciting culinary adventure, but still, something you can't get at other KFCs.
In addition to its special menu, the café promises a soothing atmosphere, with wood grain tables, potted plants, and plenty of sunshine. So sit back, sip your coffee or savor your cake, and enjoy what's sure to be the most relaxing KFC dining experience since they opened their joint in Tokyo that serves hard liquor.
Café information
KFC Colonel's Café
Address: Hyogo-ken, Kobe-shi, Nada-ku, Nagate-cho, 4-2-1-022
兵庫県神戸市灘区永手町4丁目2番1-022
Open 8 a.m.-10 p.m.
Website (Foresta Rokko)
Source: Entabe
Top image: San Agent
Insert image: Entabe
A furious Le Pen reacted by tweeting images of IS executions under the caption "This is Daesh!" — an Arabic acronym for IS. Twitter later hid the graphic photographs behind a warning about the sensitive nature of the images, with an option to "view the content."
Interviewing political scientist Gilles Kepel for radio station RMC and news channel BFM TV, Bourdin drew parallels between Le Pen's party and IS, saying the two movements shared an "inward-looking attitude" and "mindset."
Le Pen — whose anti-immigration party made record gains in recent regional elections — tweeted the image of Foley's blood-spattered head resting on his body in response to comments made by French journalist Jean-Jacques Bourdin.
Foley was working as a freelance war correspondent in Syria when he was abducted by IS insurgents in November 2012. A four-minute propaganda video of Foley's beheading was uploaded by IS to YouTube in August 2014.
French National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen has removed a gruesome photograph of slain US journalist James Foley from her Twitter account, less than 24 hours after posting three graphic images of Islamic State (IS) victims.
Read more
French National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen has removed a gruesome photograph of slain US journalist James Foley from her Twitter account, less than 24 hours after posting three graphic images of Islamic State (IS) victims.
Foley was working as a freelance war correspondent in Syria when he was abducted by IS insurgents in November 2012. A four-minute propaganda video of Foley's beheading was uploaded by IS to YouTube in August 2014.
Le Pen — whose anti-immigration party made record gains in recent regional elections — tweeted the image of Foley's blood-spattered head resting on his body in response to comments made by French journalist Jean-Jacques Bourdin.
Interviewing political scientist Gilles Kepel for radio station RMC and news channel BFM TV, Bourdin drew parallels between Le Pen's party and IS, saying the two movements shared an "inward-looking attitude" and "mindset."
A furious Le Pen reacted by tweeting images of IS executions under the caption "This is Daesh!" — an Arabic acronym for IS. Twitter later hid the graphic photographs behind a warning about the sensitive nature of the images, with an option to "view the content."
Related: French Police Question 16 Men Affiliated With Banned Extreme-Right Group
Reacting to Le Pen's social media stunt Wednesday, French Prime Minister Manual Valls accused the FN leader of committing a "moral political error." Addressing the National Assembly on Wednesday, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve described the images as "IS propaganda." Cazeneuve — who, like Valls, is a member of France's Socialist Party (PS) — announced he had asked the police to look into the tweets. He said the photographs were "abject, an abomination and a real insult to all victims of terrorism."
Prosecutors in the western Paris suburb of Nanterre announced Wednesday that they had opened a preliminary investigation into "the dissemination of violent images" — an offense under French criminal law.
Paris attorney Thierry Vallat, who specializes in defending terrorism apologists, told VICE News that Le Pen could indeed face prosecution under article 222-33-3 of the French Penal Code. According to this article, it is illegal to knowingly share recorded images that show a person being caused bodily harm.
"They would have a hard time accusing her of glorifying terrorism [a crime under French law]," said Vallat. "However, she has knowingly shared images that violate the integrity of persons.… She did so knowingly, with the intention to shock."
If presidential hopeful Le Pen is found guilty of "disseminating violent images," she could face up to five years in prison and a 75,000 euro fine, said Vallat, noting that maximum sentences are rarely handed down in such cases. The fact that she backtracked and later removed the image of Foley is in no way "a mitigating factor," he added.
The attorney also said that no elected official had ever been charged with this offense and that the case could set a precedent. "It will be interesting to see, from a legal perspective, what the ruling will be," he said.
The legislation banning the dissemination of violent images does, however, make an exception for those "practicing a profession whose aim is to inform the public" — i.e. journalists.
"Can a female politician publish such images, if her aim is to inform the public of IS activities? Her defense may hinge on that question," said Vallat, adding that legal proceedings against Le Pen could last years.
Related: Violence Caused by Far-Right Extremists Has Surpassed That Caused by Domestic Jihadists, Study Says
"We are deeply disturbed by the unsolicited use of Jim for Le Pen's political gain," Foley's family said in a statement. "[We] hope that the picture of our son, along with the two other graphic photographs, are taken down immediately."
"I did not know it was a photograph of James Foley," Le Pen told AFP Thursday, adding that the image could be "accessed by anyone on Google."
She said she had removed the image after learning Thursday morning that Foley's family had requested it be taken down.
"Unfortunately, publishing these horrific photos was the only way to slam my fist down on the table," she told AFP. "There is no way I am going to allow FN voters to be compared to an organization of barbarians and murderers."
Two other shocking images were still on Le Pen's Twitter account Thursday afternoon, including a photograph of 26-year-old Jordanian pilot Moaz al Kasabeh being burned alive inside a cage. A propaganda video showing Al Kasabeh's brutal execution was also filmed and released on IS media accounts.
Follow Lucie Aubourg sur Twitter: @LucieAbrg
Photo of Marine Le Pen via Global Panorama/Flickr.
Watch VICE News' documentary Hate in Europe: Germany's Anti-Islamic Protests:
1. Chemobrain is real.
2. I'm not just using it as an excuse.
3. I am not crazy & I am not exaggerating.
4. It feels as if you're wearing a cap on your head that's made of fog.
5. My least favorite words are now, "You already told me that."
6. I really need you to be patient with me.
7. It's not funny, it's terrifying.
9.Being forgetful doesn't mean I've lost my intelligence.
10. Trust me, it's more frustrating for me than it is for you.
Our community has shown us the importance of solidarity in empowering one another throughout the cancer journey--especially after treatment, when some believe the fight ends. To keep you from endlessly repeating yourselves, here's a list to share with someone who may not understand chemobrain.Chemo Brain, or Chemo Fog, is an increasingly common experience among cancer patients and survivors. It can begin at any time during chemotherapy, even several years after treatment has ended, and last for an indefinite amount of time. Patients who received radiation therapy have also sympathized with the symptoms associated with Chemo Brain. The cancer community has repeatedly spoken up about suffering from these phenomena, but there are still doctors, friends and family who write them off. No offense to those disbelievers, but we agree to disagree with you. Chemobrain is real. These ten reminders are for everyone who is or loves someone in the cancer community who is experiencing chemobrain. Whether you're reading this a former disbeliever, or you are reading this as someone who just found out about it. Whether you make it into a card that you distribute to people who begin to say "Chemo Brain doesn't exist" is purely optional, but we do recommend slipping in a healthy reminder to loved ones who may not know how to sympathize with your new "quirks."I don't care if my doctor doesn't say so.Trust me, I don't WANT to forget things.I'm being honest. And it's impossible to remove.Thank you Susan L, for sharing this sentiment with us!You don't realize it, but it is so embarrassing to hear that.I know you want to snap at me but please don't.You may laugh at first but after a while there is no joke anymore.Yeah, so we have to find a way to get used to it.So please don't talk to me as if I won't understand.I know it's annoying to repeat yourself but imagine if you were me.What else should we add to this list? Let us know in the comments below.
House Defense Bill: Military DREAMers Out, Climate Science Ban In
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
David McKinley on the House floor 0:18
House Republican leadership decided Thursday that it was inappropriate to insert a provision in the defense authorization bill allowing DREAMers — immigrants brought to this country illegally as children — to earn permanent residency by serving in the military.
At the same time, leaders allowed to the floor an amendment banning the Defense Department from participating in climate change research. It was sponsored by West Virginia Republican Rep. David McKinley, who questioned the validity of climate science research generally but also argued that reducing the use of coal wasn't worth the harm it would do to the economy.
"Climate change alarmists contend that man-made CO 2 is the cause of climate change," McKinley said on the floor. "Most people may not realize that 96 percent of all the CO 2 emissions occur naturally."
Most scientists agree that man-made carbon dioxide is accelerating global climate change, and Democrats argued against McKinley's amendment, but to no avail. It passed Friday on a near party-line vote, before the entire bill was passed over to the Senate.
It's not likely Democrats who control the Senate will go along with the climate language in their version of the half-trillion-dollar defense bill.
Chinese artist says single is a way of venting the trauma he experienced while held in detention by the state
The Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has always had something of the rock star about him. Now his hotly anticipated musical debut has finally emerged blinking into the glare of international attention: the self-proclaimed heavy metal single Dumbass.
The 55-year-old said his first foray into music was "a kind of self-therapy" helping him to deal with the impact of his 81-day detention in 2011. He was one of dozens seized in a crackdown on campaigners, lawyers and dissidents.
He told the Guardian his country was one of "crazy menace and inhuman conditions" and the video shows an "inch-accurate" recreation of the cell where he was held – down to its wallpaper. He had nothing to do while he was there but memorise every detail, he said.
Going back into that situation "was very hard, but I had to do it because that helped me to overcome the trauma", Ai added.
"Music is a kind of self-therapy and at the same time helps the public to see. Even conditions like these can still turn into a positive effort."
The song also offers a scathing verdict on intellectuals trying to work with the system. "So many people think they can improve the situation or collaborate. I think that's very wishful thinking in this political structure. It makes people not very conscious of what's happening," he said.
In the song he growls: "When you're ready to strike, he mumbles about non-violence … [I] stand on the frontline like a dumbass, in a country that puts out like a hooker. The fields are full of fuckers, dumbasses are everywhere.
"Fuck forgiveness, tolerance be damned, to hell with manners, the low-life's invincible."
"Dumbass" is a mild translation of the stronger Chinese expletive – though still too racy, it emerged, for the New York Times to print.
The track is not exactly Metallica: others might peg it closer to avant-garde rock. "After I said it would be heavy metal I ran back to check what heavy metal would be like. Then I thought, oh my god, it's quite different," Ai acknowledged.
"So it's Chinese heavy metal, or maybe Caochangdi [where his studio is based] heavy metal."
The video for the single – available for download at www.aiweiwei.com – was a collaboration with acclaimed cinematographer Christopher Doyle. Diving in and out of the cell's reality and the soldier's fantasies, it begins with Ai in a black hood bearing the word "suspect" and ends with him shaven and slathered in red lipstick.
Ai said he and his friends and family still suffered nightmares about his experience.
Police had told him, he said, that "you ask for your freedom but we will make you pay with your life".
He added: "It leaves a permanent mark, like a scar."
The single is taken from his forthcoming album, the more eruditely titled Divine Comedy, possibly inspired by the words Dante said appeared across the gates of Hell: Abandon hope, all ye who enter here. It will be launched on 22 June, the second anniversary of his emergence from detention.
Ai wrote the lyrics for the album and sings, while his friend Zuoxiao Zuzhou provided the music.
The artist has said he was also inspired by Elton John, who dedicated a concert in Beijing to Ai in 2012.
Ai has already begun work on his second album, which he has said will have a more romantic tinge. "They are love songs – to people who need to love or need to be believed and to children, to Tibet, to this land. Many people need love," he said.
Over the Christmas break I had Dalrock and several SoSuave members alert me to a recent story about the firing of a dental assistant for “being too attractive”. I'd thought it was pretty laughable at first glance, but there's a lot more going on in this situation than just what's on the surface here. Naturally the fem-centric media starting point is the egregiousness of the all-male Iowa high court unanimously agreeing that a woman could be fired for something other than her job performance. It's always interesting to observe the legal twistings when when the feminine imperative smacks into a law it hasn't yet distorted to its own purposes (like right-to-work laws). I'm sure the case will be taken up the chain to even higher courts, but the operative will be the same – women don't want to be beholden to general laws that conflict with the feminine imperative. Give it time and new definitions of what constitutes sexual discrimination, and you'll see how fluidly the imperative achieves its ends.
Beyond the indignation prompting social fallout, there's an interesting illustration in Game theory here. Melissa Nelson, a semi-attractive 32 year old dental assistant has her 10 year employment stint terminated by 53 year old Dentist, James Knight for representing too tempting a potential lover and too potential a threat to his marriage. This is where it gets interesting:
Nelson, 32, worked for Knight for 10 years, and he considered her a stellar worker. But in the final months of her employment, he complained that her tight clothing was distracting, once telling her that if his pants were bulging that was a sign her clothes were too revealing, according to the opinion.
Well, considering all she wore were standard issue medical scrubs it would appear that it didn't take much to arouse the good dentist.
While her former boss claimed her clothes were so tight he couldn't look at her without being aroused, Nelson said the only outfit she wore to work was standard scrubs worn by many nurses and assistants in dental offices.
Think about this for a moment, when Knight hired her 10 years ago she would've been 22 and he would've been 43. Looking at the more recent pictures of Nelson, I can see she's followed the standard SMV curve, and while I wouldn't rate her higher than maybe a cleaned up HB7, no doubt Knight was privy to watching her progress from her SMV peak at 22, to the inevitable two children, postpartum “chop it short” mommy-do at 32. After watching this and enduring the slow-burn, sexual pangs for a decade I suspect that Knight probably spent in inordinate amount of masturbatory energy on her mental image.
He also once allegedly remarked about her infrequent sex life by saying, “that's like having a Lamborghini in the garage and never driving it.”
No doubt about, we've got a beta here. Blatant and obviously telegraphed sexual interest ham-fisttedly delivered as a compliment not only belies the beta, but no woman in human history has ever responded positively to it. In all my time counseling in the manosphere I've heard some derivative of this line constantly used by beta orbiters hoping that their ONEitis will get the message that she's not being treated as well as she should be, and he's uniquely qualified to appreciate her for her rarity. What chumps like Knight don't get is that genuine desire and sexual impulse cannot be negotiated.
All a long-married beta like Knight is doing is falling back on his adolescent social skill set. This is the hallmark of a chump who's never developed his Game beyond what it took to convince his wife to marry him.
Knight and Nelson — both married with children — started exchanging text messages, mostly about personal matters, such as their families. Knight's wife, who also worked in the dental office, found out about the messages and demanded Nelson be fired. The Knights consulted with their pastor, who agreed that terminating Nelson was appropriate.
Once you see the pictures of Mrs. Knight all of this crystalizes for us.
Now we add in the element of Mrs. Knights suspicion and a healthy dose of parochial shame from their pastor (most likely at Mrs. Knights behest) and we see the good dentist moved to terminate “just an ordinary mom”. Here we see an all too common theme of the feminine imperative; using men to settle a score between women. My guess would be that had Mrs. Knight not discovered said texts, Nelson in all her ‘hotness' would still be employed.
Knight is a very religious and moral individual, and he sincerely believed that firing Nelson would be best for all parties, he said.
I generally reserve my interpretations of the religious ramifications of Game to blogs like Dalrock's, but at the risk of encouraging the moralist commenters on my blog, I have to draw attention to how the feminine imperative influences religious perceptions. This very religious and moral individual in all likelihood had been devising scenarios in his head about how he might engage in some kind of sexual tryst with Nelson through out her peak SMV years. He watched her progress through a relationship, watched her get married, gave her maternity leave when she had two kids, and still he pined. That pining only ended when Mrs. Knight demanded Nelson's termination. Once again, biology trumps conviction, and did so for a decade, but once his back is to the wall he makes necessity a virtue.
Knight fired Nelson and gave her one month's severance. He later told Nelson's husband that he worried he was getting too personally attached and feared he would eventually try to start an affair with her.
When you compare James Knight to David Petreaus' situation you can't help but notice some surface level similarities. Both married to well-past the Wall wives and open (at least ideally) to getting with younger, better looking women. Their stories are an all too common theme in today's SMP. Just based on what I see from the pictures, Knight strikes me as that archetypal mature guy who married young (well before fully realizing his true SMV), played by the rules, and probably only woke up to his SMV when a hot 22 year old made him realize his past potential. When a guy like this make sexual allusions comparing undriven Lamborghinis to the objects of their sexual desire, the real message is their own sexual dissatisfaction with their wives. Harboring that angst for 10 years while your ‘too hot to work with' ONEitis is only infrequently getting banged is a special kind of beta hell.
When I wrote about the redefining of men's mid-life awareness, Knight's circumstance is the uglier side of that.
The truth about men's mid-life crises isn't about recapturing youth, it's about finally understanding the trappings they've been sold into through their 20′s and 30′s and coming to terms with that often horrible truth. Some men do in fact buy the sports car, get the new hottie wife or act in some fashion that appears reckless and irresponsible. This isn't due to infantilism, but rather new understanding of their own position as men. They've “lived responsibly” for so long and for so little appreciation that when that true realization is made they feel the need to move. They've become respected, put in the hours, the sacrifice, the censoring of their own views. They realize now that they've sold off true passions in favor of maintaining what others have told him was his responsibility – whether it was his choice or not. And all for what? A fat wife? A shrew? Maybe even a fantastic marriage and a wonderful family life, but also a nagging doubt about not seeing enough of the world by 40 because of it.
Now, before it gets said, I'm not suggesting that Knight have gone ahead and got after it with Nelson (if that was ever a consideration), but I do understand his predicament and the motivators behind it. If anything Knight serves as yet one more warning for men in realizing their SMV too late. The real tragedy here is that for a brief moment Knight was becoming aware of his (waning) SMV only to reinsert himself back into the Matrix with the aid of his wife and pastor. The real damage will be dealt in his new need for constant repression of this knowledge every time he bangs his wife, every time she nags, every time she gives him that doe-like thousand yard stares; he'll understand the oldest manosphere proverb – once you know about the Matrix there is no going back.
Like this: Like Loading...
An encrypted password storage is well and good, but now that we have a working GnuPG setup, we should consider using PGP for what it was originally designed: email messages. To do this, we'll be using Mutt.
Mutt is a console-based mail user agent, or MUA, designed chiefly for managing and reading mail. Unlike mailer programs like Thunderbird, it was not designed to be a POP3/IMAP client, or an SMTP agent, although versions in recent years do include this functionality; these are tasks done by programs like Getmail and MSMTP.
If like many people, you're using Gmail, this works very well with POP3/IMAP and SMTP, enabling you to compose email messages in plain text with your choice editor in a terminal window, in a highly configurable environment, and doing your own email encryption for any sensitive communications in such a way that even your email provider can't read it.
General usage of Mutt and setup for Gmail users is not covered in detail here, although it may be the subject of a later article. For now, there are many excellent articles on the basics of a Mutt setup. If you're interested in the setup for other GNU/Linux mail clients like Claws or Thunderbird, Cory Sadowski has a very good article walking you through that, among other privacy settings relevant to both GNU/Linux and Windows.
All of the below is assuming you already have a GnuPG keypair ready, with gpg-agent(1) running in the background to manage your keys.
Background
Most of the PGP setup guides for Mutt you can find online are quite old, and they usually suggest a lot of lines of .muttrc configuration to interface directly with the gpg command, with a myriad of options and some byzantine variable substitution:
set pgp_clearsign_command="gpg --no-verbose --batch --output - ... set pgp_decode_command="gpg %?p?--passphrase-fd 0? --no-verbose ... set pgp_decrypt_command="gpg --passphrase-fd 0 --no-verbose --batch ... set pgp_encrypt_only_command="pgpewrap gpg --batch --quiet ... set pgp_encrypt_sign_command="pgpewrap gpg --passphrase-fd 0 ... set pgp_export_command="gpg --no-verbose --export --armor %r" set pgp_import_command="gpg --no-verbose --import -v %f" set pgp_list_pubring_command="gpg --no-verbose --batch --with-colons ... set pgp_list_secring_command="gpg --no-verbose --batch --with-colons ... set pgp_sign_command="gpg --no-verbose --batch --output - ... set pgp_verify_command="gpg --no-verbose --batch --output - --verify %s %f" set pgp_verify_key_command="gpg --no-verbose --batch --fingerprint ...
I'm all for the Unix philosophy of using programs together, but this is just too much. It's a fickle setup that's very hard to work with, and it requires too much understanding of the gpg(1) frontend to use and edit sensibly. After all, we want to end up with a setup that we understand reasonably well.
So, throw all that away; we're going to use GPGME instead. The above is exactly the problem that this library is designed to solve; it's a library to which applications can link to streamline the usage of GnuPG functions, including interfacing with agents. We can replace all of the above with this:
set crypt_use_gpgme = yes
Installation
If you have Mutt installed, odds are it already has a GPGME interface. You can check if your current version of Mutt has GPGME powers by looking at the mutt -v version output. Here's the output of mine, using the packaged Mutt from Debian GNU/Linux, which does have GPGME support:
$ mutt -v | grep -i gpgme +CRYPT_BACKEND_CLASSIC_PGP +CRYPT_BACKEND_CLASSIC_SMIME +CRYPT_BACKEND_GPGME upstream/548577-gpgme-1.2.patch
If you don't have a version of Mutt with GPGME, you can build your own by downloading the source and building it with --enable-gpgme :
$ ./configure --enable-gpgme $ make # make install
You may need to make sure you have the GPGME library and headers installed first:
# apt-get install libgpgme11 libgpgme11-dev
Setup
Add the following lines to your .muttrc file; remove anything else beginning with crypt_* or pgp_* :
# Use GPGME set crypt_use_gpgme = yes # Sign replies to signed email set crypt_replysign = yes # Encrypt replies to encrypted email set crypt_replyencrypt = yes # Encrypt and sign replies to encrypted and signed email set crypt_replysignencrypted = yes # Attempt to verify email signatures automatically set crypt_verify_sig = yes
Restart Mutt, and you should be ready to go.
Usage
First of all, check that you have the public key for your intended recipient available in your GnuPG keychain:
$ gpg --list-keys joe@example.com
If you're able to download it from somewhere, a useful formula is to download it with curl(1) and import it directly into gpg(1) :
$ curl http://www.example.com/joe-somebody.asc | gpg --import gpg: key 1234ABCD: public key "Joe Somebody <joe@example.com>" imported gpg: Total number processed: 1 gpg: imported: 1 (RSA: 1) gpg: no ultimately trusted keys found
Remember, it's your responsibility to decide how much you trust this public key; normally it's best practice that you actually meet someone in person to exchange written key fingerprints in order to be completely sure that the key corresponds to that user.
If you don't have anyone else you know using PGP to communicate with, you can send me a message encrypted with my public key 0xC14286EA77BB8872 to tom@sanctum.geek.nz . If you send or link me your public key in your message, then I'll reply to you with a message encrypted with your public key so you can check everything's working.
$ curl https://sanctum.geek.nz/keys/pgp/tom@sanctum.geek.nz.pub.asc | gpg --import
EDIT 2017: Yes, this offer is still good; you can still email me if you want to test your new setup; I will still reply to you!
Back in Mutt, begin composing a message with m . Enter the recipient and subject as normal, and compose your message. When you've finished writing and save and quit $EDITOR , and your message is in the Compose screen waiting to send, press p to bring up the PGP menu at the bottom:
PGP (e)ncrypt, (s)ign, sign (a)s, (b)oth, s/(m)ime or (c)lear?
We'll press b to both sign and encrypt the message.
If you want to be able to read the message after sending, then you'll need to arrange to encrypt it with your key as well as the recipient's. I find the cleanest way to do this is to add your address to the Bcc: header with b . You can also set this as a default with the following line in ~/.gnupg/gpg.conf , where 0x1234ABCD is the short ID of your own key:
encrypt-to 0x1234ABCD
When you send the message with y , you might need to specify which key you want to use for each recipient, if you don't have a unique key on your keychain with your recipient's email address.
When you send, you should be prompted for your passphrase by your PIN entry program, unless your agent is already holding the key for you. This is needed in order to sign the message. When you've provided this, the message will be sent, and if you included yourself in the Bcc: field, you should be able to read it in your sent mail, with some headers showing the PGP information (whether the message was signed, encrypted, or both):
Your recipient will be able to decrypt the message in their mail user agent with their private key, and nobody else but the two of you will be able to read it. Note that this works for any number of recipients, as long as you have a public key for each of them.
Keep in mind that the metadata of the message, such as the sender and recipient name and address, date and time it was sent, and (importantly) the subject, are sent in plain text. Only the body of the message (including attachments) is encrypted.
Useful extras
With GPGME, Mutt tries to use the first secret key available to it in its private keychain. If you want to use some other specific keypair for signing messages, you can specify that with with the pgp_sign_as option in .muttrc :
set pgp_sign_as = 0x9876FEDC
If you'd like to automatically sign all of your outgoing mail, you can set the crypt_autosign option:
set crypt_autosign = yes
The first batch of options we set earlier will already automatically sign and/or encrypt messages in responses to messages doing either/both.
If you'd like to include a link to your PGP key in the headers to each message, you can add a custom header with my_hdr :
my_hdr X-PGP-Key: https://sanctum.geek.nz/keys/pgp/tom@sanctum.geek.nz.pub.asc
All of these combines with Mutt's extensive speed and high-powered configuration to make Mutt a very capable and convenient PGP mail client. As always, the more people you know using PGP, and the more public keys you have, the more useful this will be.
The first day of Mission: New York kicked off on the main stage with a wonderful Deep Space Nine cast reunion. The boys of Enterprise had the crowd bursting with laughter over their antics and stories from the set. However, the highlight of the day was a short question and answer session with Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan writer/director Nicholas Meyer, who shared stories of the film's production before debuting his director's cut in 4K UHD.
Nicholas Meyer
Nicholas Meyer was his usual erudite self as he took the stage for a brief question and answer session before unveiling the 4K UHD version of his director's cut of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and concluding the first day of Star Trek Mission: New York.
When asked what his reaction was when Star Trek: Discovery executive producer and showrunner Bryan Fuller had asked him to join the new show as a writer and consulting producer, Meyer stated that he was very surprised that Fuller had asked him to return to Star Trek. Despite Fuller recently confirming that Meyer had written the second part of DSC's pilot episode, Meyer describes himself as “a cog in the wheel,” making it clear that DSC is Fuller's show.
Meyer recounted a frequently-told story of how he was approached to direct the second Star Trek feature only months before it was due in theatres. Executive producer Harve Bennett had approached him to direct, but also raised several concerns with the script. Meyer, having only directed one film before The Wrath of Khan, explained that the production team had 12 days to finalize the script before visual effects company Industrial Light & Magic would have to move onto another project. He decided to perform the rewrites himself, but declined a writing credit on the final film. Meyer claimed that the vast majority of the film was his work, with five lines or so contributed by Harve Bennett. He recounted that, when telling this story during the recording of commentary for the first DVD release of Star Trek II, Paramount feared its inclusion because the Writer's Guild of America could claim Meyer was not credited or compensated for his contribution. Meyer joked that, because of this fiasco, commentaries now carry the caveat about opinions expressed in commentaries not reflecting those of the studio.
Commenting on directing William Shatner, Meyer noted that he discovered a formula during the filming of Star Trek II that brought out Shatner's best. Meyer would make Shatner rehearse and reshoot scenes until many of his signature mannerisms dropped away. He felt that Shatner's performance improved with the more takes he did, and the director/writer believed that The Wrath of Khan and Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country were Shatner's best work.
Speaking more esoterically as an artist, he pointed out that artists lose all proprietary ownership over their work once a film is released. Meyer feels that art is a dictatorship and that his role is not to find out what the audience wants, but to get the audience to understand what he wants. Nonetheless, he did not believe it was up to him to interpret a film for us. Using the fact that Khan wore a single glove in Star Trek II as an example, Meyer said he had no answer for why that was the case. Instead, he was more interested in why the audience felt that was the case. Meyer is surprised by the staying power The Wrath of Khan had and the affection audiences feel toward it to this day.
Revisiting the day he shot Spock's iconic death scene, he noted that the entire crew had sobbed. Meyer, with dry eyes, recalled that it was his job not to weep for characters, but to get the audience to react. He laughed at Leonard Nimoy's recollection, which was recounted in Nimoy's memoir I Am Spock, that the director allegedly dressed as Sherlock Holmes for the filming of Spock's death scene. Meyer noted that this was the funny thing about subjective recollection, as he recalled dressing in a three-piece suit that day for something else—certainly not sporting the legendary detective's signature deerstalker.
Recollecting on his relationship with Ricardo Montalban, Meyer fondly recalled that the two had become close during the filming of The Wrath of Khan. He actually did not spend much time discussing the film with Montalban when the veteran actor was cast to reprise his role as Khan. The two had one meeting where Meyer left a copy of Moby Dick for Montalban to fully understand Khan's motivation in the film. Meyer was surprised when filming Montalban's first scene where he interrogates Chekov and Captain Terrell inside the Botany Bay. He hit every mark and line, but screamed them. Meyer was bewildered that an actor with such an impressive resume as Montalban failed to understand how to approach Khan. During a conversation that solidified their friendship, Montalban revealed that he loved to take direction. Meyer convinced him that Khan, as a revenge-obsessed madman, need not yell. Instead, Montalban needed to act with the calmness and control that epitomized his memorable performance in the film.
He mentioned that his vision for the film was largely intact, save for some last-minute reshoots and edits. Meyer laughed and said that he won in the end, as he inserted the scenes that were cut back into the film for the director's edition.
Deep Space Nine
The cast of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine were the first to take the stage with Nana Visitor, Cirroc Lofton, Armin Shimmerman, Michael Dorn, Terry Farrell, and Rene Auberjonois appearing together. The cast were in fine spirits as they fielded questions from Jordan Hoffman ranging from their advice for actors joining Star Trek: Discovery to where they would have liked to see their characters go in a notional eighth season.
Shimmerman recounted a disturbing series of interactions with fans that he felt proved that the Ferengi are the race that lives in our society, but are so different that no one can understand them. Shimmerman recalled that when he spoke with an American fan, Ferengis were compared to Jews. When he spoke to an English fan, Ferengis were compared to Irish. And when he spoke to an Australian fan, Ferengis were compared to the Chinese.
Close friends Shimmerman and Auberjonois noted that, due to their common stage backgrounds, the two would often get together on the weekends to rehearse their famous scenes of banter.
Farrell and Dorn revealed they had a hand in the direction of Dax and Worf's eventual romance, purposely flirting with one another during their first scene in “The Way of the Warrior” as Dax and Kira emerged from the holosuite and met Worf for the first time. Farrell and Dorn both attributed their chemistry to the fact that they had previously worked together before DS9 and were close friends.
The cast was then asked by TrekMovie about showrunner Ira Steven Behr's upcoming DS9 documentary where he assembled the show's writing staff to break the story for the first episode of a nominal eighth season. Specifically, we wanted to know how the cast wanted to see their characters progress.
Auberjonois joked that he wanted to emerge from “that great goo” looking like Chris Pine. Farrell wanted Worf to clone Jadzia so she could “steal the worm back from Ezri and the couple could still be together. Shimmerman felt that, throughout the whole series, Quark was the ship. Everybody came to his bar because it was the center of everything, whether in times of peace or war. He wanted to see Quark continue to be the center. Visitor noted that in novels that have picked up where DS9 left off, Kira became a Vedek. Visitor wanted absolutely nothing to do with that. She wanted Colonel Kira to be commanding her own ship.
Finally, a fan asked the cast why they thought DS9 was viewed as a show that was not essentially Star Trek. Shimmerman poignantly stated that, “Starships are not Star Trek. Hope is Star Trek.” Lofton noted that Star Trek was always about exploration, whether that be the universe, exploring a character, or yourself.
Enterprise
The cast of Star Trek: Enterprise was in rare form as John Billingsley, Connor Trinneer, Dominic Keating, and Anthony Montgomery rounded out the day in the most jovial of fashion. You can tell that these guys love being around one another, and they told us a great tale of a prank they pulled on Scott Bakula.
When Bakula was breaking into show business, he did a commercial for Canada Dry, which the cast found to be particularly hilarious. One day on the set, the cast teamed up with the crew to have Bakula's Canada Dry commercial play on every single monitor on the bridge. In addition, the cast broke out a dance to the tune of the Canada Dry advertisement. In their defense, they did comment on Bakula's amazing singing ability.
We present said commercial below for your viewing pleasure.
TrekMovie will be back tomorrow with coverage of Mission: New York Day 2. Highlights will include: The Next Generation cast reunion and a much anticipated Star Trek: Discovery panel.
More Mission NY Coverage:
Discovery Panel
Day 2 write up
Day 3 write up
Exclusive: Military to provide up to 3,500 extra troops amid fears G4S may be unable to supply 10,000 guards it promised to deliver
The military has been asked to provide up to 3,500 extra troops to guard the London Olympics, amid concerns that private security firm G4S will be unable to deliver the number of staff it promised.
Ministers have been forced into the last-ditch move only a fortnight before the Games because they are concerned that G4S cannot guarantee it will be able to supply the 13,700 guards it was contracted to deliver.
One Whitehall insider accused the Home Office of "sticking its head in the sand" over the need to deploy extra military personnel.
"This has been an accident waiting to happen. The Home Office has waited to make a decision on this because G4S has been saying it is all in hand. But we've run out of time."
The home secretary, Theresa May, has been pressing G4S to provide assurances over its commitments, but patience in Whitehall ran out last weekend and talks began over whether the Ministry of Defence could fill the gap.
"The army will provide an insurance policy," said a Whitehall source. The armed forces are already providing up to 13,500 personnel for the Games – split between the venues and back-up for police. Under the contingency plans, this could reach 16,500 – 7,000 more than are being deployed in Afghanistan.
The MoD has been seeking guarantees that any soldiers drafted in at the last moment will be properly compensated for cancelled leave.
A defence source said that the army units that may be required had been identified and put at a state of shortened readiness. They will be deployed incrementally, as needed, and logistical and training hubs were already being set up to co-ordinate them.
"This is not about the security of the Olympics being in peril," said the source. "Nobody would let that happen. The military has been asked to help, so of course the military will help. I think the general public will be relieved to see members of the British armed forces at the venues providing security. Quite a lot needs to be done, this is a big issue for us, but we can do it."
The issue of venue security has been the most contentious for organisers and the government in the runup to the Olympics, after the London organising committee (Locog) admitted in December it had wildly underestimated the number of staff required to deliver security at 34 Olympic venues in London and around the country.
The figure required more than doubled from 10,000 to 23,700 and the budget went up from £282m to £553m. All security costs for the Games are met from the £9.3bn government funding package provided from public funds, as opposed to Locog's £2bn operating budget.
The Home Office permanent secretary, Dame Helen Ghosh, has admitted that Locog's original "best estimate" of 10,000 security staff within venues had been a "finger in the air" exercise.
Another source on the London 2012 board has previously described the security operation as a "blind spot" in Locog's planning for the Games.
It will spark fresh questions over the extent to which the Games will appear overly reliant on the armed forces – last week it was confirmed that surface-to-air missiles would be located at six sites around the capital, despite protests from residents and some MPs.
The navy's biggest warship, HMS Ocean, will be stationed in the Thames and four Typhoon fighter jets will be on standby at RAF Northolt in Middlesex. Armed Puma helicopters will also be on standby.
The London 2012 chairman, Lord Coe, has insisted that London will not feel like a "siege city" during the Games and Chris Allison, the Metropolitan police assistant commissioner and national Olympic security co-ordinator, has insisted it will be a "blue Games".
Organisers have insisted that 8.8 million ticketholders will be reassured rather than panicked by the sight of military personnel, citing the example of Wimbledon. But such large numbers of military personnel have never been mobilised in the UK during peacetime.
Organisers believe G4S needs at least 19,000 security guards to fulfil its £284m contract, which requires 10,400 licenced guards and 3,300 students. The extra guards are needed as a buffer when staff fail to turn up or fail security screening. G4S were also due to manage the 7,500 military personnel and 2,500 volunteers. The 3,500 extra troops may not all be required but the government is keen to have them in place in case G4S is unable to deliver.
The government is believed to have agreed to a "just in time" approach to training the guards in a bid to avoid costs spiralling further. In addition to £553m security budget, a further £600m has been set aside for the police operation, although the Home Office has said it should be able to deliver for £475m.
G4S said it had 4,000 staff in venues and more than 20,000 in training. A spokesman for G4S said that issues over "scheduling and deployment" were being dealt with.
"Our programme to train and deploy our security workforce for the 2012 Games is continuing and has stepped up in the past few weeks," said the spokesman. "Issues we have faced over scheduling and deployment are being worked out and we are continuing to work hard to get a robust workforce in place for the start of the Games."
NASDAQ Inc has acquired the SecondMarket, the software company facilitating liquidity for private company securities. This is not a hostile merger – the Second Market CEO will retain his leading role in new alliance.
“I am excited to announce it,” wrote the founder of SecondMarket Barry Silbert on his Twitter account.
According to the official release , the new owner will merge the SaaS company with one of the NASDAQ divisions.
“SecondMarket will be integrated into NASDAQ Private Market, serving customers worldwide with bicoastal headquarters in New York and San Francisco. Bill Siegel, CEO of SecondMarket, will lead the business. The combination establishes a leading provider for innovative and efficient solutions to deliver secondary liquidity and equity management services.”
After the merger Private Market will serve a diverse client portfolio of over 200 worlds most innovative private companies, including DocuSign, Pinterest, Shazam, and Tango.
The news about the merger became a positive shock for the industry and appeared in main financial newspapers including The Wall Street Journal and Bloomberg
Earlier this year the New York-based stock exchange Nasdaq announced its plans to incorporate blockchain into its operations in the near future. The ledger technology will become available on Nasdaq Private Market (NPM), an exchange launched in January 2014 to handle pre-IPO trading among private companies.
SecondMarket serves as a custodian for Bitcoin Investment Trust, a bitcoin company created by Barry Silbert. It appeared in the market early in 2014 and was the winner of the second auction for Silk Road bitcoins. This March SecondMarket Inc did not succeed in the third auction for Silk Road bitcoins which were sold by the U.S. Marshalls service.
Roman Korizky
Now that security and networking operations have become so complex, it's not surprising that administrators are quick to blame the other party when things go wrong – and they always do.
It's vital to build solutions into your network design that allows you to see every bit, byte and packet®, while addressing the real-world problems that IT departments face on a daily basis.
Learn how to see the true story and end the finger pointing.
Network v. Security: The Backstory
On the one side, smart networking techs are busy writing dynamic resource allocation policies to share network resources across all business critical applications (phone systems, accounting software, HR enrollment, email, etc.). While this approach does yield tremendous cost savings and agility benefits, it means that applications must continuously compete for resources and can suffer performance fluctuations when other applications and users consume too much of the network's bandwidth.
At the same time, savvy security techs are using more sophisticated firewalls and in-line solutions to capture, analyze, isolate and restrict any traffic that shows signs of being malicious or out of policy. These solutions definitely offer more protection, however, every time a configuration or policy change is made, it can impact traffic flows and therefore change the performance of any application running on that network.
Both groups are doing the right thing within their scope, however, both are equally capable of disrupting normal traffic patterns if conditions change (which they always do). Regardless of which system is at fault, it's the same problems for end users – disrupted conference calls, dropped Internet connections, software freezes, session timeouts, page load delays, etc.
Diagnosing root cause in such complex environments is difficult – especially when network and firewall dashboards all show green lights. It's definitely easier to blame the other group and try to force their techs into dealing with more complex resolution work. It happens all the time, meanwhile end users keep complaining and the pressure mounts.
Network TAPs: The Ultimate Arbiter
When firewalls and security appliances are connected to the network via a bypass TAP, there is an easy way to find out where the problem lies. Bypass TAPs let security techs quickly switch firewalls and appliances from their in-line status to a passive, out-of-band status without having to stop receiving and analyzing network traffic for suspicious issues. Being able to take firewalls off-line for a few minutes will quickly show which system is responsible – problem solved!
And, network bypass TAPs help preempt the number of problems that can be caused by security systems in the first place by letting techs install and test updates without risking any impact on business-critical applications. They simply move the appliance out-of-band, validate the new configuration and reset it to work in-line. Network uptime is preserved and so are the company's valuable assets.
As systems become more complex, it's more important than ever to build solutions into your design plans that address the real-world problems that techs of both types face on a daily basis. A network TAP solves the finger pointing issue and so many more – why wouldn't you want one?
To learn more about what your network is missing, download our free white paper: What Your Network's Missing - The Network TAP and Seven Ways to Leverage It.
A prominent Tea Party leader from Texas is warning that the movement “is becoming nothing more than a wholly owned subsidiary of the Republican Party,” and slamming Sarah Palin as representing “a growing insider's attack to the heart of the Tea Party.”
Dale Robertson, the founder of TeaParty.org, is just the latest Tea Partier to express concern that the movement is being hijacked by the GOP.In a lengthy statement — entitled “Warning: Tea Party In Danger” — posted yesterday on the TeaParty.org homepage, Robertson instructs his felllow Tea Partiers to “[b]e alert to turncoats and deceivers being herded into the Tea Party by usurpers from the weakened Republican Party for the sole purpose of capturing our populist movement.”
Robertson continues:
[W]hat I am witnessing is an attempted defilement of the concept of what the Tea Party's purposes are and where we are going. The bastardization of our message I find bilious and disingenuous on its face. Tea Party members are being eyed as just another piece of voting meat. Tea Party members are targeted for filling the rank and file of minion laden political operations, most of which are lead (sic) by failed Republican hacks.
As for Palin, whose appearance last week at a controversial Tea Party convention appears to have given her a claim to be the de facto leader of the Tea Party movement, Robertson derides her “neo-con flippant viewpoint” and calls her “a duck out of water among true constitutional conservatives.”
He adds:
She represents a growing insider's attack to the heart of the Tea Party. Very much like a wolf in sheep's clothing entering in at the gate as an ally, but for all intents and purposes there to seize and capture, not only one or two stray sheep, but the whole flock!
The Houston-based Robertson rose to prominence in the movement last year when he helped organize local rallies and founded Teaparty.org, a for-profit conservative activist site. But his influence within Tea Party circles is open to question. The Houston Tea Party Patriots distanced themselves from him after a photograph emerged of him holding a sign that compared taxpayers to “niggars.”
Robertson's animus toward the GOP also appears to have developed only recently. Last month, he complained to a reporter that he had been trying to contact the RNC to discuss working together, but hadn't received a call back.
Still, Robertson is hardly alone in warning that Republicans are trying to hijack the Tea Party movement. Several grassroots Tea Partiers have sounded similar alarms — some to TPMmuckraker — partly in reference to the convention at which Palin spoke.
You can read Robertson's full statement here.
Review by Aaron Haughton
Besides having one of the longest titles, Martin McDonagh's Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is one of the best films of the year. The story is pitch black, yet McDonagh and cast manage to find the humanity in even the most despicable of characters, making the fictional town of Ebbing feel all the more real. The film walks a fine tightrope between tragedy and comedy with flawless ease, jumping between sharp comedy and even sharper calamity and back again, never losing focus on the bigger picture and showing us different shades of our colorful characters along the way.
The film follows Mildred, played by Francis McDormand, in the wake of her daughter's brutal murder, as she rents out 3 billboards on Drinkwater Road to condemn the local police force, led by police chief Willoughby, played by Woody Harrelson, for failing to find the culprit. When Willoughby's second-in-command Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/CuteButCacophonic
Advertisement:
Usually, this trope is used for comedic effect, because it's hard to see it coming.
An extremely cute and/or tiny animal turns out to have a surprisingly loud cry. A gorgeous person has a voice that is grating beyond all possible belief. It often causes fear in other characters until one sees the speaker and is amazed such a horrifying noise could come out of something so innocuous.
This trope is the flipside of Killer Rabbit, wherein the cute thing looks innocent, fluffy and harmless, but is actually vicious and deadly. Note that some Cute but Cacophonic animals are also Killer Rabbits. Beware the Cute Ones.
Truth in Television, as anyone who has ever encountered a chihuahua must know. Also, having a surprisingly loud cry to scare the crap out of predators is a terrific defense mechanism if you are a tiny, cute animal who can't do much else. Some animals combine this with the ability to seemingly suddenly transform into a vicious monster. Either way, it isn't good for a predator's nerves.
Advertisement:
A common trait of Mr. Muffykins, particularly the older, nastier versions. Not to be confused with Noisy Nature. Everyone is louder than they need to be in Noisy Nature.
In anime, this can combine with a Noblewoman's Laugh for a truly fearsome effect.
See also Loud of War. Subtrope of Vocal Dissonance, and often the result of No Indoor Voice. Not to be confused with a Silly Animal Sound. If the sound rises to the level of a weapon in itself, see Make Me Wanna Shout.
For Real Life examples, do not add persons as example of this trope.
Advertisement:
Examples:
open/close all folders
Anime and Manga
Asian Animation
Noonbory and the Super 7: Kikybory, Lukybory's little sister, actually has this as a superpower. It's best to cover your ears when she does her sonic screech...
Sheriff Cookie: The Queen has a very high pitched voice, and is capable of screaming incredibly loudly.
Comic Books
In Marvel Adventures: Super Heroes, being thrown into the "Kitten Cacophony" pit is Iron Man's Cool and Unusual Punishment for failing Kree Karaoke in an extreme sports contest. (Yes, really. We've got the picture up there to prove it.) For several panels after that, he is deaf. Iron Man: WHAT?
Schecherazade, a small pet bird in Ralf König's Conrad and Paul, is taken for pet-sitting to the title character's home. She's very precious, but whenever she opens her beak, the "chirp" fills most of the page section. Trust it to her to completely kill any and all sex life going on in that apartment. Probably in the neighbouring flats too.
X-Men character Syren is a gorgeous redhead with screaming powers.
Likewise, her DC counterpart Black Canary, a blonde with her own hypersonic scream.
Fan Works
In Ghosts of the Past, sequel to Child of the Storm, a teenage and already very pretty Jean Grey's reaction to her much loved younger cousin, Harry being kidnapped involves literally going through the roof, then actually levitating off the ground to scream in the unfortunate Steve Rogers' face. Several scenes later, his ears are still ringing. On a lighter note, in chapter 47 of Ghosts, after hearing that Harry and Carol have finally got together , she lets out a deeply undignified and 'almost literally ear-splitting' shriek of delight. Once again, it leaves someone (Maddie) with a persistent ringing noise in their ears.
being kidnapped involves literally going through the roof, then actually levitating off the ground to scream in the unfortunate Steve Rogers' face. Several scenes later, his ears are still ringing.
Films — Animation
Films — Live Action
Gamebooks
The Jib-Jib of Fighting Fantasy can be heard for miles. It has ridiculously weak stats, but whatever's coming to investigate the racket might not...
Literature
Live Action TV
Music
Podcasts
In the Cool Kids Table Harry Potter-themed game Hogwarts: The New Class, Jake's pet gryphon Jomps is always screeching (which means so is DM Alan), much to everyone's chagrin except (sometimes) Jake's.
My Favorite Murder has Georgia's cat Elvis. Georgia: Elvis, want a cookie?
Elvis: *yowls*
Professional Wrestling
Puppet Shows
Tabletop Games
Old concept dating back to at least Red-book D&D basic edition. Shriekers are harmless-looking giant mushrooms, but if light (as, say, carried by adventurers exploring a dungeon) comes within so many feet of them, they start shrieking. Like with the aforementioned Jib-Jib, this isn't a good thing if there are more powerful monsters investigating the source of the racket...
Video Games
Web Comics
Web Original
Western Animation
Real Life — Animals
Real Life — Other
The difference between mechanical keyboards and membrane keyboards lies in the switches beneath the keys. Mechanical keyboards are designed to mimic what typing feels like on a typewriter. Mechanical switches have been known to last much longer than the traditional membrane switches, as well as allowing users to type faster and more effectively, and resulting in less typographical errors.
Switch Types
Alps
Black Alps
Type: Tactile mechanical switch
Tactile: Yes
Clicky: No
Actuation Force: Simple 60g, Complicated 70g
Key Travel: 3.5mm
Black Alps are one of the two most common Alps switch types. Many people do not like these switches due to the fact that they are stiff, bottom out hard, and tend to develop friction in the travel as they wear. Nonetheless, they are an improvement over most rubber dome keyboards.
There are two different types of Black Alps switch - an older type known as the "Complicated" due to the large number of parts in the switch, and a newer type known as the "Simplified", which was manufactured by the Alps and several other companies. Complicated switches are common in many older keyboards, particularly the Dell AT101W, which is a very common mechanical keyboard from the 1990s.
The most well-known Simplified Black switch is made by a company call Fukka, and was used in the ABS M1. The Fukka switch has less resistance, but many claim that it provides less solid tactility than the complicated switch.
White Alps
Type: Clicky & tactile mechanical switch
Tactile: Yes
Clicky: Yes
Actuation Force: 60g-70g
Key Travel: 3.5mm
White Alps are one of the two most common Alps switch types. These are far more popular than the Black switches due to the more pronounced tactility, and the lower force requirements of some versions. Like the Black Alps, White Alps are much easier to bottom out on compared with other mechanical key-switch designs. As with the Black switch, there are Complicated and Simplified White switches. The two most popular Simplified White switches are the Fukka and the XM. The XM, which was some older Filco Zero models and other vintage keyboards, is almost universally considered to be a terrible switch. The Fukka switch is quite popular, and some people prefer it over the Complicated switch. It is used on some current production Alps keyboards, such as the Filco Zeros and Matias keyboards. Complicated White switches were used on some well-made keyboards from the 1990s, such as the Northgate and Focus keyboards.
There are also a variety of White Alps-like switches of varying quality. Some, like the SMK Monterey, are considered to be very pleasant to type on.
Buckling Spring
Type: Tactile & clicky switch
Tactile: Yes, very precise
Clicky: Yes, loud
Actuation Force: 65g-70g
Key Travel: 2.3mm to actuation, 3.7mm to bottom
Buckling springs are pretty straightforward once you have seen them in action. After pushing the key down a certain distance, the spring buckles under pressure. This causes the hammer at the bottom to hit a membrane sheet and create an electrical contact. The buckling of the spring also provides tactile feedback and a satisfying click as it hits the shaft wall. This is the only mechanical switch where the tactile and audible feedback correspond to the exact moment when the switch actuates.
Cherry MX
Switch type Clicky Tactile Actuation force Cherry MX Black No No 60 cN Cherry MX Red No No 45 cN Cherry MX Brown No Yes 45 cN (55 cN peak force) Cherry MX Clear No Yes 55 cN (65 cN peak force) Cherry MX Blue Yes Yes 50 cN (60 cN peak force) Cherry MX White Yes Yes 55 cN (80 cN peak force) Cherry MX Green Yes Yes 80 cN
Cherry currently produces the most popular switches for mechanical keyboards. They offer a number of clicky/non-clicky and linear/non-linear variants of their switches to suit the needs of the typist. The switch variant can be determined by looking at the colour of the stem.
Many replacement keysets and novelty keys are available for Cherry MX Keyboards because of their popularity. A common upgrade is replacing stock ABS keycaps with PBT variants which are made of more durable materials.
Cherry MX Black
Type: Linear switch
Tacticle: No
Clicky: No
Actuation Force: 60g (40g-80g overall)
Key Travel: 2mm to actuation, 4mm to bottom
Cherry MX Black switches are linear (non-tactile) switches, these are considered one of the best switch types for gaming. When gaming, having a tactile bump does absolutely nothing because you're going to be bottoming out anyway. Therefore, these give you a very smooth feel. The actuation and release points are at the exact same position as well. So games that require a lot of double tapping become easier than on any other switch. However, most people don't enjoy typing on them that much, in part due to their linear nature. If you're a person who tends to hit a wrong key every so often while gaming, these will be beneficial in that the high actuation force will help prevent many of those accidental presses.
Cherry MX Brown
Type: Tactile switch
Tactile: Yes
Clicky: No
Actuation Force: 45g (55g peak force)
Key Travel: 2mm to actuation, 4mm to bottom
Cherry MX Brown switches are considered a middle ground between typing and gaming switches. They have a light, tactile feel halfway through the key press that lets you know the switch has activated. This gives you an indication of what you can release the switch. The switch is considered a middle ground because the rest point & actuation point are close enough together than you can “float” at that point, enabling you to double tap faster.
As a note: this switch actually has a peak force of 55G, it is 45G at the point of actuation. This is due to the design of the Cherry switch itself.
Cherry MX Blue
Type: Tactile & clicky switch
Tacticle: Yes, precise
Clicky: Yes
Actuation Force: 50g (60g peak force)
Key Travel: 2mm to actuation, 4mm to bottom
Cherry MX Blue switches are the best cherry switch for typing. The tactile bump can easily be felt, and the resistance is similar to your average keyboard. Although many people find them just fine for gaming, some don't like the fact that the release point is above the actuation point. This can cause some trouble with double-tapping. This is usually the case with someone who has experienced other mechanical switches before hand. As a note: this switch actually has a peak force of 60g, it is 50g at the point of actuation. This is due to the design of the Cherry switch itself.
Cherry MX Clear
Type: Tactile switch
Tacticle: Yes
Clicky: No
Actuation Force: 55g (65g peak force)
Key Travel: 2mm to actuation, 4mm to bottom
Cherry MX Clear switches have often been called "stiffer browns", though some users note that they have a more tactile feel than browns do. This really can be a subjective topic, though this is another switch that could be considered "balanced". The force required is comparable to most rubber dome keyboards, with a nice tactile feedback to tell you that the key has actuated. These switches are harder to find than other Cherry MX switches.
As a note: this switch actually has a peak force of 65G, it is 556 at the point of actuation. This is due to the design of the Cherry switch itself.
Cherry MX Red
Type: Linear switch
Tacticle: No
Clicky: No
Actuation Force: 45g
Key Travel: 2mm to actuation, 4mm to bottom
Cherry MX Reds are another switch that can be considered a "gaming" switch. It is essentially a lighter version of the MX Black, requiring less force to actuate. Some people do not find this switch that good for typing or gaming because it is so light, but others rave for this fact. Light or stiff is always a matter of preference. This switch was hard to find; and was reported as EOL, but it is still in limited production with a higher than average MOQ leading to higher cost to board maker. Marketed with high demand, boards with this switch are becoming more common, but are generally more expensive as well.
Cherry MX Clones
A selection of Gateron branded MX clones.
Since Cherry's patents on MX switches expired in 2014, the market has been flooded with inexpensive Chinese clones of Cherry MX switches, and many prominent companies such as Razer and Das Keyboard have quietly switched to clone switches to increase profits. Many switches aim to improve over the original MX designs by raising the actuation point to 25% of the downstroke instead of 50%. Most clone switches are colored according to their corresponding Cherry MX counterpart, and while they're designed to imitate Cherry MX switch feel, they're not always weighted identically to their Cherry counterparts.
Kailh
Manufactured by Kaihua Electronics, they have reached market prominence by undercutting everyone else. It is most commonly found in inexpensive mechanical keyboards costing less than $60 USD. They use markedly lower quality plastic than Cherry for their switch stems and some have reported inconsistent +/-5g actuation force between switches in the same batch. Some companies rebrand Kailh switches and market them as their own creations, such as Razer, who dropped Cherry MX and introduced Razer Green and Orange switches, which are just rebranded Kailh Blue and Reds.
Gateron
Gateron is notable for using much smoother plastic stems, resulting in a buttery smooth downstroke, similar to that of a well broken-in vintage Cherry switch. Many would even go so far as to say that Gateron linears are superior to Cherry's linear offerings. They also come in transparent housings. Cherry also does transparent housings, but only for MX Reds, and those are only available through their exclusive partnership with Corsair.
Switch Type Actuation Force Cherry Equivalent Kailh Outemu Greetech Gateron Razer (Kailh) Linear 35g -- -- -- -- Clear -- Linear 45g MX Red Red Red Orange Linear 50g -- -- -- -- Yellow -- Linear 65g MX Black Black Black -- Clicky 55g MX Blue Blue Blue Green Clicky 75g MX Green -- -- -- Green -- Tactile 50g MX Brown Brown Brown -- Tactile 70g MX Clear -- -- -- -- --
Topre
Type: Tactile capacitive switch
Tactile: Yes
Clicky: No
Actuation Force: 30g, 35g, 45g, 55g depending on model
Key Travel: 4mm
Topre switches are something of a hybrid switch, and are capacitive by nature. The Topre mechanism uses a spring underneath a rubber dome, and the depression of the spring causes a change in capacitance between the underlying capacitor pads. With this change in capacitance, the switch activates. Topre switches are considered to be some of the finest switches available, since they offer very enjoyable typing with a quieter experience than Cherry MX, Alps, or Buckling Spring switches. The reason is that Topre switches have a smoother force gradient than even Linear switches like MX Reds and and MX Blacks.
Guides
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan
Superstar Shah Rukh Khan's driver was arrested by the Bandra police yesterday for raping a minor. The 17-year-old survivor used to work as a maid at the house of a Bollywood actress.The accused, Rajendrakumar Gautam alias Pintu Mishra (34), a resident of Asalpha in Andheri (East), allegedly befriended the survivor on the pretext of offering her a job and then lured her to a hotel in Nallasopara, where he raped her.According to the Bandra police, the 17-year-old had come to Mumbai five months ago from her hometown, Latur, where her mother stays. She got a job as a maid in the house of the actress.Gautam spotted her somewhere and decided that he wanted to meet her at any cost.Gautam managed to get hold of the girl's number through a common friend and called her up on June 18. He said he could get her a good job, where she would get a high salary and work with a superstar.The girl and Gautam then started speaking to each other regularly and he even took her to Shah Rukh's bungalow once.In the course of their conversations, Gautam convinced the survivor to quit her job, which she did on June 20.Officials said she then came to meet Gautam, who had promised to take her to his home in Nallasopara, despite not having a house there.They spent some time in Bandra and left for Nallasopara in the afternoon.Gautam took the girl to a hotel and when she asked why they weren't going to his house, he said his family was home and they wouldn't let her in.Officials said Gautam raped her the same night and threatened her with dire consequences if she spoke of the incident. Devastated, and with nowhere to go, the girl came back to Mumbai on June 21. She gathered some courage and filed a complaint against Gautam yesterday."The girl was inconsolable and traumatised. She has no one here in Mumbai and is the only earning member of her family. She has now decided to move back to her home in Latur with her mother," said an officer from the Bandra police station.Gautam was arrested in the afternoon and has been charged under Section 376 (Rape) of the IPC. He will be produced in the Sessions Court today.A source close to Shah Rukh Khan said, "The driver arrested has nothing to do with SRK or his family. He has driven the car for the kids on a few occasions. Otherwise, he drives one of the vehicles that are part of Khan's convoy."The girl was inconsolable and traumatised. She has no one here in Mumbai and is the only earning member of her family. She has now decided to move back to her home in Latur with her mother - An officer from Bandra police station.
Bethesda releases beta patch 1.2 for Skyrim Special Edition
Bethesda releases beta patch 1.2 for Skyrim Special Edition
| Source: Bethesda Author: Mark Campbell
Bethesda releases beta patch 1.2 for Skyrim Special Edition
Bethesda has now released beta patch 1.2 for Skyrim Special Edition's PC version, fixing many of the issues which were included in patch 1.1.
Patch 1.2 will come with some general performance improvements as well as fix problems when alt-tabbing in and out of the game and some crash issues.
- General stability and performance improvements
- Fixed issue related to using alt-tab while playing the game (PC)
- Fixed issue with water flow not rendering properly
- Fixed crash related to changing from werewolf back to human form
- Fixed crash related to reloading after changing Load Order of mods
- General bug fixing and improvements with browsing Mods
This new update is in beta and is only downloadable on Steam when users opt-in to the update process. To apply the update right click on Skyrim Special Edition in your Steam Library, select properties and then the beta tab. In this tab users will be able to select the game's beta update and then select Okay.
Update 1.1 for Skyrim Special Edition was released with issues, which is strange given the fact that these issues were reported when this update was in beta, meaning that Bethesda did not fix these issues before releasing the patch to the public.
You can join the discussion on Bethesda's Skyrim Special Edition patch 1.2 on the OC3D Forums.
Bethesda has now released beta patch 1.2 for Skyrim Special Edition's PC version, fixing issues with patch 1.1.https://t.co/mYzuZwkrCI pic.twitter.com/i59fYlYMwM — OC3D (@OC3D) November 10, 2016
1 - Bethesda releases beta patch 1.2 for Skyrim Special Edition «Prev 1 Next»
Most Recent Comments
True Detective season three is inching closer to reality.
Series creator Nic Pizzolatto is working on a third season of the HBO anthology series with Deadwood creator David Milch, The Hollywood Reporter has confirmed.
The pay cable network would not confirm the news.
The duo is said to be in the early stages of writing a possible third season, which has not yet received a series order.
The news of a potential third season comes nearly two years after the polarizing second season of the drama, which starred Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn and Rachel McAdams. The first season of True Detective drew wide acclaim for Pizzolatto, director Cary Fukunaga and stars Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson.
Writing about the second season, THR chief TV critic Tim Goodman called it "confusing."
Speaking with reporters at the Television Critics Association's summer press tour in July 2015, then-programming president Michael Lombardo praised Pizzolatto as "one of the best writers working in television and motion pictures today" despite the divisive reaction to season two.
"I'd love to do another season," the exec said at the time. "I haven't asked every one of the 12 million viewers who are watching, but I think what he's doing is so much bolder, braver and satisfying than what I'm seeing in film. I'd happily be in business with him for a long time."
Nearly a year after Lombardo's comments, current HBO programming president Casey Bloys also left the door open for more True Detective when speaking with reporters.
"We're open to someone else writing it with Nic supervising it; it's a really valuable franchise for us," he said, noting the show's average viewership of 11 million viewers. "It's not dead; I'm just not sure we have the right take for a third season — yet."
Pizzolatto, who re-upped his overall deal with the pay cabler in November 2015, is also working on a drama for HBO with Robert Downey Jr. set to star.
For Milch, the collaboration continues his long-standing relationship with HBO, home to his last three TV series. The NYPD Blue and Hill Street Blues vet most recently created the horse-racing drama Luck, which ended in 2012 after one season.
When it first premiered in 2014, True Detective was at the forefront of the anthology trend that has helped bring more and more A-listers to the small screen. HBO is about to wrap the seven-episode limited series Big Little Lies headlined by Oscar winners Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman.
True Detective, along with unscripted series like HBO's The Jinx and Netflix's Making a Murderer, also led to a sharp rise in crime dramas further propelled by such projects as FX's American Crime Story anthology, ABC's American Crime anthology and NBC's upcoming Law & Order: True Crime series, among many others.
Should True Detective season three get the green light, it would join HBO original dramas The Young Pope, The Leftovers and Game of Thrones, the latter two of which are nearing the end of their runs.
The news was first reported by EW.
After seven decades under the radar, the hot trend of 2017 is punching Nazis in the face. Yes, that time-honored hobby of the Greatest Generation has made a resurgence, as throughout America masked avengers are soaring in from off screen to land sucker punches on the foppish faces of the neo-Nazi's troll army. “Alt-right” altar boy Richard Spencer took two to the goddamn kisser on the day of Trump's inauguration, human shitpost Martin Shkreli got some shit literally posted on him, and Breitbart enfant terrible (French for “mewling pissboy”) Milo Yiannopoulos got a university appearance canceled after demonstrations turned violent. While these three would probably not technically classify themselves as Nazis, they would align themselves with the “alt-right,” the racist, misogynistic, antisemitic assemblage of 4chan-dwelling fuckheads that constitutes the current face of nationalist fascism.
Earlier this week, Cafe released a charming riff on Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!! called Pepe's Punch-Out!!, in which players could choose to engage in a maddening dialogue with the cartoon frog that serves as the “alt-right” mascot, or just punch the shit out of it. Now, Super Deluxe has one-upped this effort with Punch-A-Nazi!!, a rhythm-based game that uses both a computer monitor and the user's phone as a Wii-like facsimile for a fist. Retro-style recreations of Spencer, Yiannopoulos, and their supreme leader—no, not Steve Bannon—Hitler all present their willing, punchable faces. As a cursor bounces around the bottom of the screen, the player punches their phone in syncopation. A surprising amount of detail goes into the gradual accumulation of wounds across these three proud vendors of misogyny, racism, antisemitism, and fancy clothing, as evidenced by the following:
Advertisement
Actually, that is not too far from how Hitler actually ended up. The only question is: Which major video game studio will capitalize upon 2017's hottest trend by rendering a punchable hatemonger using state-of-the-art bloom lighting, procedural wound generation, and immersion-enhancing haptic feedback? Time will tell, but the people clamor for it.
Fluttershy's part on the left and Rainbow Dash's part on the right.Next 3 tabs for 12 hole ocarinas are Mad Mares/Mad World, Pinkies Lament, and Raise This BarnWell here is the only song for today, I couldn't find the time to finish the other ones because of family stuff that I just couldn't miss. Hopefully I have the next ones tomorrow or sunday.Why I decided to tab it this way is beyond me. Usually I create the picture first with the tabs and then I add the lyrics, in this case it was so complicated that I had to line everything up with the lyrics first then put together a background. Not only that I had my tabs in the wrong order the first time so I had to spend 30 minutes trying to realign everything, that was absolutely killer. However in the end I think it turned out really well!Next friday I will be posting only 6 hole tabs, so if you have any song you want tabbed for the 6 hole ocarina let me know in the comments.Oh and vector by
song by Michael Jackson
"Human Nature" is a 1982 song performed by American singer Michael Jackson, and the fifth single from his landmark sixth solo album, Thriller. It was originally written by keyboardist Steve Porcaro, based on a conversation he had had with his young daughter Heather after a hard day at school. Porcaro, along with some of his bandmates from the band Toto, had been assisting with the production of Thriller, but he had not intended for "Human Nature" to be used by Jackson. However, Thriller producer Quincy Jones inadvertently heard a demo version of the track and thought it would be a great fit for the album. Jones then brought in songwriter John Bettis to rewrite the verses, whose lyrics are about a passerby in New York City.[5] The track was produced by Jones and performed by members of Toto with Michael Jackson providing vocals.
"Human Nature" was released on July 3, 1983. Like the four Thriller singles before it, the song became a top 10 hit in the US; it reached number two on Billboard's Hot Adult Contemporary chart and number seven on the Hot 100. In Canada and the Netherlands, the single reached number 11. The single was not released in the UK. The song garnered positive reviews from music critics. "Human Nature" has been sampled by numerous artists, including Nas with "It Ain't Hard to Tell" , and Teddy Riley who remixed SWV's single "Right Here (Human Nature Remix)", with a sample of "Human Nature", the remix reaching number two on the Billboard Hot 100.[6]
Production [ edit ]
The first version of "Human Nature" was written and composed by Steve Porcaro of Toto.[7] He had written the song after his first-grade daughter came home crying because a boy pushed her off the slide. He blurted out three reasons for the incident to comfort her: one, the boy liked her, two, people can be strange and three, it's "human nature".[8] He recorded a rough demo of the song in their studio while the Toto song "Africa" was being mixed.[5]
Fellow Toto band member David Paich had prepared some demo tracks for producer Quincy Jones to listen to as possible songs for Thriller and asked Porcaro to make Jones a tape with the songs.[7] Running low on cassette tapes, Porcaro used the tape on which he had already recorded his "Human Nature" demo, putting Paich's songs on the reverse side and marking that on the label as the side that Jones should listen to.[5] Jones listened to Paich's songs but did not think they were right for Thriller. However, he did not stop the tape when the songs finished playing, and the cassette deck playing the tape had "auto-reverse" capability, meaning that it started playing the other side as soon as the first side was finished.[5] As Jones described it, "All of a sudden, at the end, there was all this silence, there was: 'why, why, dah dah da-dum dah dah, why, why'. Just a dummy lyric and a very skeletal thing—I get goosebumps talking about it. I said, 'This is where we wanna go, because it's got such a wonderful flavor'".[9] However, Jones was dissatisfied with the original lyrics for the verses and asked John Bettis, who had written lyrics for hits by The Carpenters and The Pointer Sisters, among others, to write new lyrics for the song. He completed the song in two days.[10] Jones asked if the song could be included on Jackson's album, to which Porcaro and Bettis agreed.[7] "Human Nature" was the last song selected for Thriller, ousting "Carousel" from the final track listing.[citation needed]
Release and reception [ edit ]
A template for new jack swing and hip-hop soul ballads, "Human Nature" is comparatively slower and more intimate than Thriller ' s other songs. "If this town is just an apple, let me take a bite," quivers Jackson's voice over a cascading synthesizer and percolating bass line. Though written by John Bettis and Steve Porcaro of Toto, the lyrics resonate with Jackson's yearning to break free from his tower of celebrity and mingle with young people in a "city that winks its sleepless eye." Serena Kim, South Coast Today.[11]
"Human Nature" was released on July 3, 1983, as the fifth single from Thriller.[7] Although not released in the UK, the song achieved chart success in the US.[7] Reaching number two on Billboard's Hot Adult Contemporary chart and number seven on the Hot 100, the song became Jackson's fifth Top 10 hit from Thriller.[12][13] "Human Nature" charted at number 27 on the R&B singles chart.[12] In the Netherlands the single reached number 11.[14]
John Rockwell, of The New York Times, stated that "Human Nature" was a "haunting, brooding ballad" with an "irresistible" chorus.[15] Allmusic noted that the "gentle and lovely" "Human Nature" coexisted comfortably with the "tough, scared" "Beat It".[16] They later added that the song was a "soft rocker".[17] Reflecting on Thriller, Slant expressed their fondness of the song, stating that it was "probably the best musical composition on the album and surely one of the only A/C ballads of its era worth remembering".[18] The magazine added that the track's "buttery harmonies" were powerful.[18] Stylus also praised the song, describing it as "the smoothest of ballads".[19] However, they further added that the music "does little to embody the song's message" and that it couches Jackson's "glazed voice" in "bubble synths and drum pillows".[19]
About.com's Bill Lamb looked back on the track 25 years after its release. He felt that the song "set down a blueprint for what would become known as adult R&B".[1] Kelefa Sanneh of Blender described the "soft-serve balladry" of the song as a "silk-sheets masterstroke".[20] In a 2008 IGN review, Todd Gilchrist explained that the elements of "Human Nature" worked better today than they did before. He added that it may be because modern R&B "sucks".[21] Tom Ewing, reviewer for Pitchfork Media, described the song as "meltingly tender", with MTV adding that it was an "airy ballad".[22][23] Rolling Stone claimed that the "most beautifully fragile" "Human Nature" was so open and brave it made "She's Out of My Life" seem phony.[24] The Los Angeles Times concluded that it was Jackson's delivery that made the "middling ballad" take off.[25]
Live performances [ edit ]
The song was first performed during the Jacksons' Victory Tour. Michael started to sing "Ben", but stopped and proceeded to sing "Human Nature". It was also performed during Michael's Bad World Tour and Dangerous World Tour. Jackson also performed the song live during his 1996 Royal Brunei concert. It was going to be performed for Jackson's This Is It concerts, which were canceled due to his death; however, it was included on the posthumous album to coincide with the concerts. Live versions of the song are available on the DVDs Live at Wembley July 16, 1988 and Live in Bucharest: The Dangerous Tour. Toto has performed the song in some of their shows with vocals by Joseph Williams.
Charts [ edit ]
Certifications [ edit ]
Region Certification Certified units/Sales United States (RIAA)[50] Platinum 1,000,000 *sales figures based on certification alone
^shipments figures based on certification alone
Track listing [ edit ]
45 RPM:
"Human Nature" (7" remix) – 3:47 (Misprinted as 4:06) "Baby Be Mine" – 4:20
Official remixes [ edit ]
Album version – 4:06 7" remix – 3:47 (This version features an alternate synth before the bridge and several bars are cut after the final verse. The only digital sources are the 3" CD single for "Thriller" released to coincide with the Japan tour in 1988, as well as the Qobuz 24/96 digital download of The Essential Michael Jackson.) Edit – 3:46 (This edit from the Essential Collection is an attempt at re-creating the original 7" version, however it does not match the instrumentation.) Live – 4:29 (This version is taken from Live at Wembley July 16, 1988 and included in the deluxe edition of Bad 25.) "Speechless"/"Human Nature" – 3:18 (Immortal version) Extended Remix - 7:13
Samplings [ edit ]
Songs that have sampled "Human Nature" include:
Personnel [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Governor Charlie Baker on Wednesday urged residents not to rush to judgment about Donald Trump's emerging administration even as he sought to reassure immigrants and others that Massachusetts would remain a “welcoming state” despite the president-elect's divisive rhetoric.
Baker's comments indicated he is trying to strike a difficult balance as he represents a liberal state opposed to much of Trump's agenda while also trying to find ways to work with the incoming Republican president on issues such as infrastructure spending and medical research.
“There's way too much prejudging going on here,” Baker said after returning from a conference of Republican governors in Orlando, where he met with Vice President-elect Mike Pence. “Let's judge people on the totality of their work, on what they say, and how they pursue what they're up to.”
Advertisement
In his comments to reporters Wednesday, Baker also sought to reassure immigrants, Muslims, Jews, blacks, Latinos, and others who fear that Trump's victory has set off a new age of intolerance. Trump disparaged many of those groups during his campaign, and last week saw a rash of incidents grounded in racial, ethnic, and religious bigotry.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“We're a global Commonwealth here, and I can tell you point blank, as governor, that I will continue to work with my colleagues in state and local government and with others to make sure everybody feels welcome here in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and we will not tolerate acts of violence against anyone,” Baker said.
Baker noted that people from around the world play a vital role in the state's education, high-tech, and health care sectors.
“We have always been a welcoming state, and being a welcoming state is what has made us strong and successful,” he said.
Baker offered some criticism of Stephen K. Bannon, Trump's choice to serve as senior adviser in the White House, who has been assailed for promoting racist, anti-Semitic, and nationalist views. But he did not join those who have called on Trump to remove Bannon.
Advertisement
Trump “has made clear he wants to unify the country post-election, and I said that, based on some of Bannon's previous remarks and activities, that was a concern to me,” Baker said of the pick. “But I'm going to take a page from President Obama's book on this one, who said the other day that he thinks the Trump administration's team should be judged on the totality of his appointments. Let's see what else happens.”
Attorney General Maura Healey, a Democrat, blasted Baker's comments on Bannon.
“Steve Bannon is a white supremacist, and his appointment by the president-elect should be roundly denounced,” she said in an interview. “This isn't a wait-and-see moment. There's a bright line, and there's right and there's wrong. And Steve Bannon represents the worst elements not just in this country, but in history.”
She said all elected officials should demand that Trump rescind the appointment.
“I just think it's more important than ever that we stand up and say this can't be accepted, this can't be tolerated anywhere near the White House and the presidency of the United States,” Healey said.
Advertisement
Baker, who would face reelection in 2018, spurned Trump during the campaign, saying he did not believe he had the temperament to serve as president. Baker has said he left his presidential ballot blank.
At the Republican Governors Association meeting in Orlando on Monday, Baker sat next to Pence during an hour-long meeting with other governors.
He said Wednesday that Pence assured the group that states will have an “important voice” in shaping Trump administration policy.
Baker said there was at least one area where he could work with Trump: on an infrastructure bill designed to rebuild crumbling roads and bridges and modernize airports and railways. He said that would be about as “big and early a bipartisan win as I can think of.”
At the same time, Baker indicated that he would oppose efforts by Trump to cut federal funding for sanctuary cities such as Boston and Somerville that have vowed to welcome all immigrants, regardless of their legal status.
“I said all along that I think decisions about how communities want to manage their public safety issues and their community issues belong to them, and they should make whatever decisions are in the best interests of their communities,” Baker said. “Then it's incumbent on our administration and our congressional delegation to work hard to make sure our state continues to receive the federal support that we've previously been able to secure.”
Mayor Joseph A. Curtatone of Somerville, who has said his city risks losing $6 million in federal funding if Trump follows through on his pledge, applauded Baker's stance.
“By promising to safeguard sanctuary cities, Governor Baker has made the right choice for our Commonwealth's public safety, economy, and support of core values,” he said. “Amid the current political climate, he especially deserves praise as well for exhibiting the kind of thoughtful and bold leadership that I hope will inspire other elected officials to join him.”
State Representative Geoff Diehl, a Whitman Republican who was co-chair of Trump's Massachusetts campaign, said Baker's stance on federal funding for sanctuary cities “could certainly be a sticking point between the president and the governor.”
But he said he was encouraged by Baker's overall tone toward Trump.
“It sounds like a wait-and-see approach by the governor, and I'm glad that's where he is,” Diehl said.
Michael Levenson can be reached at mlevenson@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @mlevenson
Share Negative UKIP discrediting case for Britain leaving the EU
Negative UKIP discrediting case for Britain leaving the EU Pessimism rarely wins - the Eurosceptics need to get positive
Pessimism rarely wins - the Eurosceptics need to get positive To carry a referendum on leaving the EU, we need to offer a better alternative
Tony Blair has given us a preview of how EU supporters intend to fight the referendum campaign. They will avoid awkward data: the fact, for example, that the British exports to the EU are in precipitate decline, that our net budget contribution has quadrupled in five years, that the most successful countries in Europe are Switzerland and Norway, or that every continent on the planet is experiencing economic growth except Europe. Instead, they will present the poll as a Kulturkampf – a struggle between broad-minded cosmopolitans and chauvinist Blimps.
If you want trade and collaboration with our neighbours, they will imply, you must vote to stay in. The actual Eurosceptic case – that free trade with the EU doesn't depend on political union, and that a maritime nation should raise its eyes to more distant horizons – won't be refuted; it'll simply be ignored.
Now ask yourself this. If the pro-EU side could write their opponents' script, what would it say? My guess is that they would want Eurosceptics to adopt a relentlessly cynical and bitter tone. They would want us to complain about foreigners bringing diseases into the country, about too many languages being heard on our streets, about religious minorities being a potential fifth column.
The reason they would want us to do these things is that they know that pessimism rarely wins. Even when people agree with the individual policies being suggested – and the Australia-style points-based immigration system that UKIP proposes is eminently sensible – they are repelled by a gloomy pitch.
Think of last year's referendum in Scotland. The SNP had splashed out on a single session with a top US political consultant. He told the assembled campaigners that the more optimistic candidate generally wins, and made them do an exercise where they had to hand over a coin every time they said something negative. Alex Salmond plainly took the lesson to heart. He swallowed up everything that Unionists threw at him in a supernova of cheeriness. The “No” campaign, by contrast, made the elementary mistake of focusing on what might go wrong. Would Scotland keep the pound? Would companies relocate? Could it stay in the EU? In consequence, the “Yes” side steadily closed the gap, moving from 20 points behind to near parity. Only in the final week of the campaign, spooked by the opinion polls, did Unionists make the argument they should have made all along, namely that Scotland was doing pretty well out of the existing arrangement, thanks very much.
I'm sure you can see where I'm going with this. To carry a referendum on leaving the EU, we Eurosceptics need to offer a better alternative. We need to make our case in warm and positive language – and, above all, in economic language.
That's not what is currently happening. If I say the word “Eurosceptic”, what's the first image that comes into your mind? My guess is that it's an angry Ukipper talking about immigration.
If we go into the referendum with one side talking about trade and investment while the other is talking about Romanians and Bulgarians, who is going to sound the more serious? Actually, we already know the answer to that question: we can see it in the inverse correlation in the polls between support for UKIP and support for Brexit.
I know we're in an election campaign. Still, let me appeal to those UKIP supporters who care about national independence, those who truly mean it when they talk of putting country before party. Please remember that what you say now isn't magically erased on polling day; it will be quoted back at you when the referendum campaign begins in earnest. There is no point in galvanising the already committed if, in the process, you alienate the undecided. Recall what it was that brought you into politics in the first place.
Daniel Hannan is a Conservative Member of the European Parliament and blogs at www.hannan.co.uk.
Share
If I were Barack Obama, I would resign as president. Forget all the temporary fixes and limited hangouts, I would be too ashamed of myself for having lied so blatantly to the American people -- and on matters of such great significance.
Yes, I am a highly imperfect person. Yes, I have lied. But I doubt I would ever have done what he did, lie so repeatedly and manipulatively to my fellow citizens for my own aggrandizement or for what I personally believe is their better good (even if they don't).
I do not believe the ends justify the means, although, apparently, our president does. Why else would he have lied? People like Stalin do, as we know. They end up killing millions of their compatriots in the process. Obama is not even faintly that bad, but he is bad enough.
One thing is certain. He will never recover from this. Even if his numbers go up, even if the Democrats win in 2014 or 2016, he is an immoral person and will only be seen that way by honest historians. He has stained himself immutably.
How important is this? Consider where we are now. Health care reform is a serious issue, but we are engaged in something even more serious, negotiating nuclear weapons with the Islamic Republic of Iran. Health care can be reformed, can be changed in various ways in a democratic society, even if that change is inconvenient or painful. But once a country has nuclear weapons, it has them. That story is over. And the mullahs with nuclear weapons is something that should terrify a rational person.
Obama says he won't allow the Iranians to have nukes. But how could we possibly believe him now? How can we believe his intentions in these negotiations? We would have to be fools.
We all remember when the Green demonstrators were in the streets of Tehran, crying out to Obama for even the slightest moral support and he looked away (the most shameful moment I can remember in recent American foreign policy). What is he really doing now in these negotiations? What do he or his minions like John Kerry say to the French when they raise their objections about such "minor" omissions from the agreement as a heavy water reactor, which is a veritable plutonium bomb factory?
We should all hope Congress is paying close attention to this and the members take seriously their responsibility in this matter, not being afraid to override the administration and ratchet up the sanctions against the Islamic Republic and whatever else is necessary.
Interim Egyptian President Adly Mansour has launched and investigation into the death on Monday of at least 51 people who were killed when Islamist demonstrators enraged by the military overthrow of Egypt's elected President Mohamed Morsi said the army opened fire during morning prayers at the Cairo barracks where he is being held.
But the military said "a terrorist group" tried to storm the Republican Guard compound and one army officer had been killed and 40 wounded. Soldiers returned fire when they were attacked by armed assailants, a military source said.
Related stories:
Mansour expressed sorrow over the deaths, urging restraint amid ongoing unrest.
Military spokesman Ahmed Aly said in a press conference on Monday afternoon that army and police forces protecting the Republican Guard headquarters were attacked by armed groups.
According to Aly, pro-Morsi protesters, who have been gathering outside the Republican Guard headquarters for days, used live ammunition and bird shots against security personnel.
He added that at the time of the attack, another group was shooting from atop a building on Al-Tayaran Street, where the military facility is located.
"A colleague is in Maadi hospital undergoing a four-hour surgery; he was shot with live ammunition in the head, which caused his skull to fracture," said Aly.
Aly said that the officer's injury proves that there was firing from building rooftops.
Clashes in Cairo (Video: Reuters) (צילום: רויטרס)
X
"Many of the protesters said the army and police murdered children. Those behind this campaign of lies used photos from the war in Syria," the spokesman told reporters.
"The Egyptian army kills its enemies, not its children," Aly said.
Emergency services said more than 435 were wounded in the deadliest incident since Morsi's removal.
J
ournalists for the pan-Arab broadcaster Al-Jazeera were kicked out of the news conference. The Qatar-based news network was founded by the Gulf nation's ruling family. The tiny but wealthy country was a strong supporter of Morsi, who was toppled by the military on Wednesday.
Video courtesy of jn1.tv
The station broadcast graphic images of those killed and wounded in the violence Monday outside a military facility.
During the news conference, one journalist stood up and demanded Al-Jazeera reporters be excluded from the proceedings.
The Al-Jazeera reporters eventually stood up and walked out accompanied by chants of "Out! Out!" from others in the crowd.
The Muslim Brotherhood said on Monday that the chief of the armed forces wanted to drive Egypt to the same fate as Syria.
Holding General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi responsible for the incident in Cairo, the group described the shooting as a "horrible crime" in a statement posted on Facebook. The Brotherhood also issued a statement saying that "even the Jews" did not do what the army did at the Republican Guard compound.
Egypt's prosecution ordered the closure of the Cairo headquarters of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party after police found weapons inside it on Monday, a security official said.
Police found "flammable liquid, knives and arms to be used against the June 30 protests," the official said, in reference to demonstrations that saw millions take to the streets to demand the resignation of Islamist president Morsi.
Meanwhile, the Egyptian army is continuing to battle terror elements in the Sinai peninsula. The Palestinian news agency Maan reported that army forces arrested on Sunday 14 members of jihadist groups in Sinai during an operation in the city of El-Arish.
According to Egyptian army sources, among those arrested is one Palestinian, who allegedly confessed that he intended to cooperate with other jihadist terrorists in Sinai in order to assassinate Egyptian army soldiers.
AP, Reuters contributed to the report
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Police have declared an emergency situation under the Public Safety Preservation Act following an incident in Woodridge.
Around 8.30am police attended a unit complex on Nyanza Street following reports of a disturbance.
The declaration was made around 9.30am after the man, who is possibly armed, refused to leave the building.
An exclusion zone (pictured below) has been established on Nyanza Street, bounded by Mikaga Court and Strathdarr Street to Kurrajong Street and Nydia Street, Woodridge.
Police remain on the scene as negotiators attempt to speak to the man.
There is no further information available at this stage.
If you have information for police, contact Policelink on 131 444 or provide information using the online form 24hrs per day.
You can report information about crime anonymously to Crime Stoppers, a registered charity and community volunteer organisation, by calling 1800 333 000 or via crimestoppersqld.com.au 24hrs per day.
CLOSE Four people have been charged with hate crimes and other felonies in connection with a Facebook Live video. The video, which has since been taken down, appears to show the torture and taunting of a white special needs man. USA TODAY NETWORK
(COMBO) This combination of pictures created on January 5, 2017 shows the mugshots released by the Chicago Police Department on January 5, 2017, of assault suspects (L-R) Tanishia Covington, Jordan Hill, Tesfaye Cooper, and Brittany Covington. Chicago prosecutors filed hate crime and other felony charges Thursday against Covington and three others, accused of holding captive and assaulting a man with special needs in a racially charged attack broadcast live on Facebook. / AFP PHOTO / Chicago Police Department / HO / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE - MANDATORY CREDIT "AFP PHOTO / Chicago Police Department" - NO MARKETING NO ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - DISTRIBUTED AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS HO/AFP/Getty Images ORIG FILE ID: AFP_JM6U5 (Photo11: HO, AFP/Getty Images)
CHICAGO - A Cook County judge denied bail Friday for four suspects charged with the torture and beating of an 18-year-old man with mental health challenges that was broadcast on Facebook Live.
Assistant State's Attorney Erin Antonietti said that two of the suspects ordered the victim, who suffered from schizophrenia and was assaulted and humiliated for hours, to say "I love black people" and "f--- Trump." The suspects also repeatedly beat the teen and two of the suspects shoved his head into a toilet and made him drink from it, prosecutors said
“Where was your sense of decency?” asked Cook County Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil before rejecting the suspects plea for a reasonable bail.
The Cook County prosecutors office charged Jordan Hill, 18, of Chicago; Tesfaye Cooper, 18, of Cicero, Ill.; and sisters Brittany Covington, 18; and Tanishia Covington, 24, of Chicago, with aggravated kidnapping, hate crime, aggravated unlawful restraint, aggravated battery with a deadly weapon and residential burglary in the alleged torture and kidnapping of the special-needs teen.
Prosecutors cited both the victim's race - he is white - and disability as why he was targeted by the suspects. Those factors allowed authorities to charge the suspects with a hate crime.
Hill also was charged with robbery and possession of a stolen motor vehicle.
Antonietti said that victim and Hill knew each other after attending the same alternative high school in suburban Chicago.
The victim's mother dropped him off on Dec. 31 at a McDonald's in suburban Streamwood, so he could meet a friend who turned out to be Hill.
After leaving McDonald's, Hill, the victim and a third unidentified person went to buy and smoke marijuana, authorities said.
The teen contacted his mother on that day and again on New Year's Day to tell her he wanted to spend the night at his friend Jordan's home. But the victim's family said they stopped hearing from the victim on Monday and were concerned, prosecutors said.
The victim's brother was able to figure out by logging on the victim's Facebook page that he was with Hill. The victim's mother reached out to Hill through Facebook and requested he put her in contact with her son, who investigators later learned had driven to the West Side of Chicago with Hill and a second unidentified individual in a stolen van.
At some point, Hill had become angry that the victim's mother had contacted him, and beat the victim in the back of the van. He also took the victim's cell phone and SIM card and then took him to the apartment on the city's West Side, where Brittany and Tanishia Covington lived.
"Defendant Hill and the victim entered the third floor apartment where they were met by defendant Cooper, defendant Britannia Covington and defendant Tanishia Covington," Antonietti said. "Hill and Cooper ordered the victim into a corner and to face the wall. Defendants Hill and Cooper yelled and screamed at the victim while Hill was armed with a knife. The victim was made to say 'I love black people,' and 'F--- Trump.'"
The two teens continued to mock and beat the teen, and would force him to drink toilet water. Brittany Covington began livestreaming the assault on Facebook, in which all four can be heard or seen taunting and beating the victim.
During the nearly 30 minute Facebook Live post, which went viral, Hill used a knife to cut a chunk of the victims hair, causing his head to bleed. Hill also stabbed the victim in his left forearm, prosecutors said.
All four suspects allegedly beat the victim and used knives to cut his clothes. The video also shows the victim with duct tape around his mouth and belts tied around his arms, while the assailants can be heard speaking disparagingly of the president-elect and white people.
During the course of the attack, Hill also contacted the victim's mother and demanded $300 ransom in exchange for her son.
Police said a downstairs neighbor threatened to report the suspects over the noise. The suspects were angered by the threat, and went downstairs to threaten the neighbors, giving the victim a chance to escape.
"Both the female defendants and Cooper chased the witnesses back down into their second floor apartment after Hill threatened he was going to come back with a gun," Antonietti said. "Defendant Cooper kicked in the door of the second floor unit and he and and the two females entered the...apartment while the witnesses ran out the back door and went to the first floor neighbors to call 911."
The bloodied and battered victim was spotted by police Tuesday afternoon walking along a sidewalk in cold weather wearing only sandals, shorts and a tank top turned inside out and backward.
The victim has since been reunited with his family.
After the judge denied the four suspects bail, Priscilla Covington, the grandmother of the two sisters charged in the attack, expressed anguish as she left the courthouse.
"I didn't raise them that way," she told reporters.
A GoFundMe campaign to assist the victim has been launched.
Follow USA TODAY Chicago correspondent Aamer Madhani on Twitter: @AamerISmad
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2i1OO6c
Former prime minister warns of large-scale terror attacks in Europe as he praises MPs for voting for airstrikes in Syria and says Isis ideology ‘has deep roots'
Support for the propaganda of Islamic State stretches “deep into parts of Muslim societies”, Tony Blair has said as he warned of terror attacks on a larger scale than the shootings and bombings in Paris last month unless the group and its ideology are defeated.
In a speech in Washington, in which he praised British MPs for the “important” decision to extend RAF airstrikes against Isis targets from Iraq to Syria, the former prime minister warned that “a belief in innate hostility between Islam and the west” is not the preserve of a few.
“Those who believe in concepts of the caliphate and the apocalypse – so much part of Daesh [Isis] propaganda – stretch deep into parts of Muslim societies,” Blair said. “A belief in innate hostility between Islam and the west is not the preserve of the few.”
The remarks by Blair in the 7th Kissinger lecture at the Library of Congress echoed earlier speeches by the former prime minister – and by David Cameron – in which they have said that advocates of extremist ideology must be confronted in addition to advocates of extremist violence. Michael Gove praised Blair last year when he criticised government officials for just believing in “beating back the crocodiles that come close to the boat rather than draining the swamp”.
Blair endorsed this view in a wider global context when he spoke of the large number of Muslims who have sympathy for extremist views. He said: “Of course a large majority of Muslims completely reject Daesh-like jihadism and the terrorism which comes with it.
“However, in many Muslim countries large numbers also believe that the CIA or Jews were behind 9/11. Clerics who proclaim that non-believers and apostates must be killed or call for jihad against Jews have Twitter followings running into millions ... The ideology has deep roots. We have to reach right the way down and uproot it.”
Blair's reference to the caliphate and the apocalypse refer to two of the central beliefs of Isis. In their reading of Islam the apocalypse – the final confrontation between Muslim and Christian armies – will take place in the historic Syrian town of Dabiq. Isis aims to restore caliphates in ancient Islamic lands.
He said that Isis forces and allied groups – plus those who support its ideology – must be defeated in Syria, Iraq, Libya, the Sinai area of Egypt and in parts of sub-Saharan Africa. Blair said: “Defeating Daesh is only a necessary beginning. Force alone will not prevail. The challenge goes far wider and deeper than the atrocities of the jihadist fanatics. The Islamist ideology has also to be confronted.
“Today it can be, in alliance with the modernising and sensible voices within Islam determined to take the name and reputation of the faith of Islam back from the extremists. A continued failure to recognise the scale of the challenge and to construct the means necessary to meet it, will result in terrorist attacks potentially worse than those in Paris, producing a backlash which then stigmatises the majority of decent, law-abiding Muslims and puts the very alliance so necessary at risk, creating a further cycle of chaos and violence.”
Blair praised MPs for taking an important step in the battle by voting in favour of extending air strikes against Isis targets from Iraq to Syria.
He said: “For Europe, there is a huge calculation to be made. This security threat is at our door. It is actually within our home. We have a paramount interest in defeating it, which is why last night's vote in the British House of Commons was so important. Europe has to create, within its nation states, the armed force capability to allow us not just to play our part but to lead.”
On 1 May, South Africa will enjoy Worker's Day (effectively a May Day holiday). Worker's Day celebrates the role played by Trade Unions, the Communist Party and other labour movements in the struggle against Apartheid.
May Day, as we know it refers to various socialist and labour movement celebrations conducted on 1 May. May Day was born from the industrial struggle for an eight-hour day.
Origins of May Day
International working classes have existed since the development of agriculture, about ten thousand years ago. Serfs, slaves, trades people and others were forced to turn over the fruits of their labour to an exploiting class. But the modern working class, whose exploitation is hidden by the wage system, is only several hundred years old. Men, women and children forced to work long hours in miserable conditions just to eke out a living.
These conditions gave rise to demands for limitations on the working day. Utopian socialist, Robert Owen of England, had raised the demand for a ten-hour day as early as 1810, and instituted it in his socialist enterprise at New Lanark. For the rest of the English workers, progress was slower. Women and children were only granted a ten-hour day in 1847.
French worker's demand for a 12-hour day was granted after the February revolution of 1848.
In the United States, where May Day was born, Philadelphia carpenters campaigned for a ten-hour day in 1791. By the 1830s, this had become a general demand. In 1835, workers in Philadelphia organised a general strike, led by Irish coal heavers. Their banners read, "From 6 to 6, ten hours work and two hours for meals." From 1830 to 1860, the average work day had dropped from 12 hours to 11 hours.
Already in this period, the demand for an eight-hour day was being raised. In 1836, after succeeding in attaining the ten-hour day in Philadelphia, the National Laborer declared: "We have no desire to perpetuate the ten-hour system, for we believe that eight hours' daily labor is more than enough for any man to perform."
At the 1863 convention of the Machinists' and Blacksmiths' Union, the eight-hour day was declared a top priority. The heart of the movement was in Chicago, organised mainly by the International Working Peoples' Association.
Business and the state reacted to the rapidly growing militant movement by increasing its support to the police and the militia. Local business in Chicago purchased a $2 000 machine gun for the Illinois National Guard to use against strikers. On 3 May 1886 police fired into a crowd of striking workers, killing four and wounding many.
This uproar was carried out against the backdrop of the Civil War, which marked the abolition of slavery and the opening of the Southern states to free-labour capitalism.
A few years later, in 1872, a hundred thousand workers in New York City struck and won the eight-hour day, mostly for building trades workers. It was in this protracted campaign for an eight-hour day that May Day was born.
The movement for the eight-hour day was linked to the date of 1 May at an 1884 convention of the three-year-old Federation of Organized Trades and Labour Unions of the United States and Canada, the forerunner of the American Federation of Labor.
Five years later, in 1889 over 400 delegates met in Paris on the 100th anniversary of the French revolution at the Marxist International Socialist Congress. The congress passed a resolution calling for an international demonstration to campaign for an eight-hour day. It was resolved to hold the demonstration on 1 May 1890 in keeping with the American Federation of Labour's 1886 demonstrations of 1 May.
The call was a resounding success. On 1 May 1890, May Day demonstrations took place in the United States and most countries in Europe. Demonstrations were also held in Chile and Peru. In Havana, Cuba, workers marched demanding an eight-hour working day, equal rights for all and working-class unity.
Although the 1889 resolution called for a once-off demonstration on 1 May, the day quickly became an annual event. Throughout the world workers in more countries marked the celebration of labourers rights on May Day.
May Day was celebrated for the first time in Russia, Brazil and Ireland in 1891. By 1904 the Second International called on all socialists and trade unionists in every country to "demonstrate energetically" annually on 1 May "for the legal establishment of the eight-hour day, for the class demands of the proletariat, and for universal peace."
Chinese workers celebrated their first May Day in 1920, following the Russian socialist revolution. In 1927, workers in India observed May Day with demonstrations in Calcutta, Madras and Bombay. By that time, May Day was truly a world workers' day.
Ironically, while May Day gained momentum across the world it lost steam in the United States where the celebration originated. Today May Day is celebrated as a public holiday throughout most countries with the exception of the United States, because of the holiday's association with Communism.
Mayday has been celebrated unofficially in South Africa since the 1980s. However, 1 May only became an officially recognised public holiday after the democratic elections of 1994. South Africa's mining industry's history and the development of strong Trade Unions and communist ideologies has largely determined the country's labour history and the workers struggle. Below are some links to important features and sources on this history
Did you know?
May Day is not only celebrated everywhere as a 'workers day'. The earliest May Day celebrations appeared in pre-Christian Europe, as in the Celtic celebration of Beltane, and the Walpurgis Night of the Germanic countries. Many pre-Christian indigenous celebrations were eventually banned or Christianised during the process of Christianisation in Europe. As a result, a more secular version of the holiday continued to be observed in the schools and churches of Europe well into the 20th century. In this form, May Day may be best known for its tradition of dancing the Maypole and crowning of the Queen of May. Today various Neopagan groups celebrate reconstructed (to varying degrees) versions of these customs on 1 May.
The day was a traditional summer holiday in many pre-Christian European pagan cultures. While February 1 was the first day of Spring (season), May 1 was the first day of summer; hence, the summer solstice on June 25 (now June 21) was Midsummer. In the Roman Catholic tradition, May is observed as Mary's month, and in these circles May Day is usually a celebration of the Blessed Virgin Mary. In this connection, in works of art, school skits, and so forth, Mary's head will often be adorned with flowers. Fading in popularity since the late 20th century is the giving of "May baskets," small baskets of sweets and/or flowers, usually left anonymously on neighbors' doorsteps.
Find more information on International Labour Day on our site.
For more information on the Labour Movement in South Africa and May Day's local history.
According to several YouTube creators, the site is no longer allowing them to add external links in the cards at the end of their videos, unless they enable their channel for monetization through YouTube's Partner Program. While channels don't have to actually enable monetization on individual videos, the channel must join the program for external link cards to work.
The sudden change left some creators confused about why they suddenly couldn't link to their Patreon accounts.
Ian Danskin of Innuendo Studios, who was one of several YouTubers to spot the change, told me:
It's also not clear yet whether or not just have to have ads enabled on your channel, or if a video will lose its links should it be demonetized, either through a copyright claim or YouTube deeming it “ad-unfriendly.”
YouTube has since released a statement to explain the change:
In order to use externally-linking end cards in videos, creators are being asked to join the YouTube Partner program, so that we can evaluate the validity of the channel, as well as determine whether the channel is following our community guidelines and advertiser policies. This update is meant to curb abuse and does not affect current YouTube partners or existing end cards. Additionally channels do not have to actually monetize any videos as part of this requirement.
The change does add an extra step for YouTubers hoping to use external links to their own websites and crowdfunding pages, especially if they have no interest in joining YouTube's Partner Program otherwise. YouTube also removed ads from videos with less than 10,000 channel views earlier this year, meaning smaller YouTubers may have a harder time drawing followers to their Patreons.
Still, the change appears to have been made to curb abusive use of external links. By limiting the external links to partners, YouTube can make sure the creators aren't violating its terms of service and community guidelines.
While content creators who aren't part of the partner program can still put links in their description boxes, some have told me that very few of their viewers use those links. Endcards are much more convenient as they put the link in the same box the viewer is already looking at, in an eye-catching bubble. If you're a creator, you can sign up for YouTube's Partner Program here to add external link cards to your future videos.
This post previously suggested individual YouTube videos had to be monetized to use external links in end cards. We regret the error, and have updated the text to reflect clarification from YouTube.
Read next: Index is the cleaner, faster, better Evernote we've been waiting for
The law banning publication of political material a day before the election applies to internet posts as well as traditional media.
A law banning the publication of political material a day before the election also applies to internet posts but lawyers are questioning its practicality.
Stephen Tonna Lowell and Michael Zammit Maempel said the law's wording was wide enough to encompass the internet, even though when it was drafted in 1991 a public-access internet did not even exist.
Apart from a clear reference to traditional print and broadcast media, the law mentions “any other means of communication”.
The legislator wanted the law to cover any other new means of communication that may not have existed in 1991, according to Dr Tonna Lowell.
The traditional media have long observed the law but the onset of internet campaigning in the 2008 election created a conundrum as to whether the General Elections Act also applied to the web.
While this question has been answered, the proliferation of blogs, Facebook, Twitter and other social networking sites since then has raised questions as to whether traditional media have been put at a disadvantage.
Dr Tonna Lowell said the police could prosecute those who breached the law without waiting for a complaint. But while it was easy to determine whether traditional media breached the ban, the complexity of the internet made this exercise more complicated.
“The police will have to prove their case in court and so they will have to conduct a proper investigation to determine whether the information was actually uploaded on the day of reflection or election day,” Dr Tonna Lowell said.
Acknowledging the difficulty of policing the internet, he added that evidence had to be strong enough to warrant a conviction in court.
Coming up with the evidence may be a cumbersome and impractical process that fuels the question as to how the internet can be controlled.
Dr Zammit Maempel said if the law was applied literally nobody could even post a political status on Facebook or tweet something that could potentially influence voters.
“But the law must not be interpreted in a literal sense. Logic and good reason should prevail,” he insisted, adding that people accessed the internet of their own volition.
The law was flouted with impunity by some internet users five years ago.
The situation is bound to repeat itself but questions sent to the police on whether they will prosecute individuals who infringe the day of reflection online remained unanswered by the time of going to print.
ksansone@timesofmalta.com
Tablet reports that the city council of Budapest will follow through on plans to remove what the magazine reverentially calls a statue of "the renowned Jewish literary critic and Marxist theoretician György Lukács." The action is described as part of a "reinvigorated assault by the pro-Trump, right-wing government of Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán, against what it perceives to be its liberal opposition."
Lukács was one of the most influential philosophers of the 20th century and one of the founders of Western Marxism. Tablet praises his work as being "devoid of the dreariness of much doctrinaire Marxist literary criticism" and says "his complex legacy does not fit at all with in the framework envisioned by with the new Hungarian nationalism."
"The philosopher's melancholy statue," Tablet continues, will reportedly will be replaced by one of Saint Stephen, who founded the Hungarian state a thousand years ago.
The removal of Lukács' statue is, Tablet writes, "symptomatic of the crisis of liberalism that much of Europe currently finds itself facing." It also "constitutes the latest salvo in the decades-long 'Lukács debate' over the place of the brilliant philosopher within the pantheon of Hungarian history." [Emphasis added]
In addition, complains Tablet, the removal "dovetails with the government's campaign to shutter a major university founded by the Hungarian-American financier and philanthropist George Soros. In this way, the astringent anti-Soros agenda of the American Trump right and the European populists have converged."
The magazine refers to "the American Trump right's" "anti-Soros agenda," but there is no mention of the anti-American agenda of the vastly influential and subversive Soros, who is described neutrally, perhaps even admiringly, by Tablet as merely a "financier and philanthropist."
For more about Soros, check out the profile of him here at the Freedom Center's resource database called Discover the Networks.
This weekend marks marks the second Star City Games Invitational of the year, which means that all of the Legacy Opens for season two have been played. That means that it's time, once again, to reflect on the trends in the (North American) Legacy metagame! If you've read these articles before, feel free to skip the indented copypasta, below (here are links to other articles where I explained this exercise):
“We will assign each archetype two points for finishing 9th-16th, three points for 5th-8th, four points for 3rd-4th, five points for 2nd, and six points for 1st, then average out the data from the events to arrive at what the expected metagame should look like.”
The method described above was developed by Frank Karsten for analyzing the “winner's circle” metagame. These results are meant to show the likeliness of seeing a given archetype at the top tables. I don't want to mislead anyone into thinking that they can safely forget about the plethora of decks that exist in this great format and assume that they will be playing against nothing but Delver and Show and Tell decks, because it is not uncommon to see some pretty wacky shit in the first couple of rounds (or the later rounds if you have fallen below x-3).
For our data, I aggregated the results from each SCG Legacy Open during the time period we're looking at.
Ok, results time!
Archetype K-Score Last Season K Change T-Score T/K 1 BUG Delver 10.17% 5.53% +4.63% 9.45% 0.9294 1 RUG Delver 10.17% 5.74% +4.42% 10.88% 1.0699 3 Miracles 7.09% 4.89% +2.20% 6.00% 0.8463 4 Esper Deathblade 6.38% 5.74% +0.64% 6.49% 1.0174 5 Elves 6.15% 5.11% +1.04% 6.53% 1.0617 6 UWR Delver 5.91% 13.19% -7.28% 5.29% 0.8946 7 Sneak and Show 5.44% 5.53% -0.09% 4.97% 0.9140 8 Death and Taxes 5.20% 5.32% -0.12% 5.68% 1.0929 9 ANT 3.78% 3.40% +0.38% 3.59% 0.9487 10 BURG Delver 2.84% 0.00% +2.84% 2.62% 0.9235 10 Shardless BUG 2.84% 2.13% +0.71% 3.06% 1.0802 12 High Tide 2.60% 0.43% +2.17% 2.73% 1.0502 12 Rw Painter 2.60% 2.34% +0.26% 2.73% 1.0502 14 Maverick 2.36% 0.64% +1.73% 2.60% 1.1015 15 Burn 2.13% 0.43% +1.70% 2.45% 1.1493 16 Merfolk 1.89% 0.00% +1.89% 2.22% 1.1754 16 UR Delver 1.89% 4.26% -2.36% 1.91% 1.0075 18 BUG Control 1.65% 0.43% +1.23% 1.32% 0.7964 18 Deadguy Ale 1.65% 1.28% +0.38% 1.52% 0.9211 20 Manaless Dredge 1.42% 0.43% +0.99% 1.43% 1.0075 20 12 Post 1.42% 0.85% +0.57% 1.52% 1.0746 20 Belcher 1.42% 2.77% -1.35% 1.65% 1.1642 20 Reanimator 1.42% 5.53% -4.11% 1.52% 1.0746 24 UR Painter 1.18% 0.00% +1.18% 1.27% 1.0746 24 Esper Stoneblade 1.18% 4.26% -3.07% 1.51% 1.2761 24 Punishing Jund 1.18% 6.60% -5.41% 0.98% 0.8328 27 MUD 0.95% 0.43% +0.52% 0.92% 0.9739 27 Dredge 0.95% 0.00% +0.95% 1.14% 1.2090 27 Lands 0.95% 2.34% -1.39% 0.83% 0.8731 30 BUG Natural Order 0.71% 0.00% +0.71% 0.86% 1.2090 30 UG Infect 0.71% 0.85% -0.14% 0.86% 1.2090 32 Five-color Delver 0.47% 0.00% +0.47% 0.51% 1.0746 33 Affinity 0.47% 0.00% +0.47% 0.35% 0.7388 34 UB Tezzeret 0.47% 0.00% +0.47% 0.41% 0.8731 34 UWR Stoneblade 0.47% 0.00% +0.47% 0.32% 0.6716 34 Bant Edric 0.47% 0.00% +0.47% 0.57% 1.2090 34 TES 0.47% 0.43% +0.05% 0.35% 0.7388 34 Omni-Tell 0.47% 0.43% +0.05% 0.38% 0.8060 34 Goblins 0.47% 2.55% -2.08% 0.57% 1.2090
And after condensing some of these archetypes down to macroarchetypes:
Archetype K-Score Last Season K Change T-Score T/K 1 Delver Tempo 31.44% 31.70% -0.26% 30.64% 0.9746 2 UWx Blade 8.04% 8.72% -0.69% 8.32% 1.0351 3 Aether Vial Aggro 7.57% 5.74% +1.82% 8.48% 1.1208 4 Miracles 7.09% 4.68% +2.41% 6.00% 0.8463 5 Elves 6.15% 4.47% +1.68% 6.53% 1.0617 6 Show and Tell Combo 5.91% 7.02% -1.11% 5.35% 0.9054 7 Other 5.20% 4.26% +0.95% 5.49% 1.0563 8 BUG Midrange 4.49% 3.62% +0.87% 4.38% 0.9756 9 Storm Combo 4.26% 4.26% +0.00% 3.94% 0.9254 10 Graveyard Combo 3.78% 6.60% -2.81% 4.10% 1.0830 10 Painter 3.78% 2.98% +0.80% 4.00% 1.0578 12 High Tide 2.60% 0.43% +2.17% 2.73% 1.0502 13 Maverick 2.36% 0.43% +1.94% 2.60% 1.1015 14 Burn 2.13% 0.43% +1.70% 2.45% 1.1493 15 Deadguy Ale 1.65% 1.49% +0.17% 1.52% 0.9211 16 Belcher 1.42% 1.49% -0.07% 1.65% 1.1642 17 Jund 1.18% 5.74% -4.56% 0.98% 0.8328 18 Lands 0.95% 5.96% -5.01% 0.83% 0.8731
What conclusions can we draw from the above two tables? As was the case last season, it's Delver's world, and we're all still just living in it. Interestingly, though, UWR has fallen significantly out of favor, though it seems that those players didn't quit flipping Delver's, altogether; as a macro archetype, Delver Tempo is largely unchanged, so it's almost as though RUG and BUG, finishing in a tie for first, absorbed many of the players who felt the Stoneforge and Delver don't belong together, anymore. Well.. ok, except that one crazy cat who played FIVE-Color Delver!
Another observation: look at that drop-off on Reanimator! We can hardly call this a surprise, though. Last season, Reanimator, and graveyard-based combo was all the (non-Delver) rage. The thing about graveyard-reliant decks, though, is that when they get good, everyone remembers to bring their hate. Then the graveyard decks begin to succumb to the hate, and players decide that their time would be better-spent bringing a different deck. So then, nobody is playing with their graveyard, anymore, and everyone says to themselves, “Well, I guess it's safe to leave this hate at home, rather than leave it to uselessly fill my sideboard!” And then people decide that it's safe to start reanimating again, and the cycle repeats. It appears that Lands may have also taken a beating in the splash-damage, here, as they don't particularly enjoy cards like Rest in Peace.
Miracle continues to grow in popularity, after its coming-out party at the Grand Prix. While I did not make a distinction between the two, the archetype has splintered into two distinct factions. On one hand, we have the disciples of Joe Lossett, with the legendary creatures and maindeck REBs (though these aren't universally adopted), and on the other side, we have the Euro lists, which typically run Ponder, more Snapcasters, and often, one less (three) Counterbalance. Perhaps it might be worth distinguishing American vs Euro Miracles, in the future, but I think that there is a bit of cross-pollination, and it could turn into a hairy exercise. RiP-Helm has all but disappeared, outside of the sideboard of one lone Miracles pilot.
High Tide has seen an uptick, but I think that might just be because Feline Longmore, who you might consider as the Joe Lossett of the archetype, has been attending more Opens; she is responsible for three of the archetype's four showings.
It seems that all but one lonesome Esper Stoneblade player have come to the consensus that putting Deathrite Shaman into the deck is the right idea.
Based on the top three macro archetypes, one could reasonably conclude that the key cards to the format are Delver, Deathrite, Stoneforge, Force of Will, and Wasteland. Oh, and Brainstorm.
And now for a few lists that caught my eye that I thought were spicy/unique, or just old/underrepresented archetypes that everyone might not be totally aware exists! With the exception of two, these all come from the “other” category of macro archetypes.
Affinity
by Matt Johnston
Result: 11th Place at StarCityGames.com Legacy Open on 4/6/2014
Have you always wished you could play Legacy, but thought you couldn't afford it? Do you have a Modern Affinity deck? Guess what? With a few easy updates, you can play the greatest format ever! Admittedly, I thought I was going to be looking at a somewhat different list as I copy-pasted this. There is another version that I like more that runs Tezzeret, Agent of Bolas, where you often have an extremely large (read: lethal) ultimate, just one turn after he hits the table. This version has added Stoneforge to find your Cranial Platings (or Jitte), along with the combo of Disciple of the Vault + sac outlet (along with Ravager, we get good old Atog; style points for that!), which can quickly drain your opponent out. You may think to yourself that this is a pretty flimsy strategy that can easily be hated out, and you wouldn't be incorrect, but the thing is, this deck is so sparsely played, that you will rarely run into the correct hate; it's not like Modern, where the little robots have a giant target on them.
BUG Natural Order
by Eli Kassis
Result: 8th Place at StarCityGames.com Legacy Open on 5/25/2014
Apologies to my roommate, Charles, who lost an on-camera win-and-in to this list, to the most insane series of topdecks ever, but I just had to highlight this spiciness. Shardless BUG has long since taught us the value of the Planechase creatures. This list combines them with a few great utility creatures, and ties the whole thing together with the potential to combo kill. Add in a number of disruptive elements, in the form of discard and countermagic, and you have yourself a pretty solid deck. Wanna know what I love about this deck that the other popular Natural Order deck in the format lacks? Brainstorm. For those that watched the finals of last weekend's Legacy opening, with the Elves player getting stuck with Progenitus in his opening grip, you know what I'm talking about. Oh, one other thing that I didn't mention: Edric. But more on him, later!
Bant Edric (Noble Fish)
by Matthew Szabo
Result: 9th Place at StarCityGames.com Legacy Open on 5/25/2014
MTGO players (and watchers) will quickly recognize this as Bahra's Noble Fish deck. I've had the (dis)pleasure of playing against it in the finals of a Daily a few weeks back, and I can attest that it is quite a powerful little number. Edric is absolutely terrifying every time he comes down. The list has eight evasive creatures that play well with him. Two True-Names are obvious choices, but the other six are split between four Judges Familiar and two Looter il-Kor. Talk about going deep! The list also runs the Daze–Wasteland disruption package to keep the opponent's game small.
UB Tezzeret
Peter Zhang
11th Place at StarCityGames.com Legacy Open on 4/20/2014
Joe Lossett may best be known for Miracles, but earlier this year, he spent some time working on the existing Tezzerator archetype. The major characteristics of his list that many of the Tezz lists of the time were not running included BIG Tezz (the Seeker) and Transmute Artifact. For comparison to a more traditional Tezz list, see Dylan Hiester's brilliant report from Denver. Having played this list, myself, I can attest that it is a TON of fun. I would say that about a list where you get to play Jaces and Tezzes on turn two, though. Those familiar with my disdain for creatures would also expect me to love a list like this, where you get to brickwall the opposition with Ensnaring Bridge and Strix.
Painted Stone
Arthur Reynolds
2nd Place at StarCityGames.com Legacy Open on 5/11/2014
In recent memory, the Painter deck to enjoy the most success has been the Mono-Red (which have recently adopted a white splash) Blood Moon variety, but once upon a time, UR Painter was the most popular variant. I just wanted to highlight this as an alternative way to mill out someone's library. While you lose the ability to have a solid beatdown plan with a bunch of pesky one and two-power dudes swinging under a Moon, you can set up your combo-kill with greater consistency. In addition to four copies of each combo piece, with an active Welder on board, Intuition can put the whole combo together.
5-color Deathblade
Travis Bryant
15th Place at StarCityGames.com Legacy Open on 5/11/2014
Somewhere, some crazy person was sitting there, thinking to themselves, “You know, Esper Deathblade and BURG Delver aren't quite as greedy as I want to be,” and that's how the above list came to be. At least that's what I'm going to tell myself. On closer inspection, it appears that Travis fused BURG Delver and UWR Delver, replacing the Pyromancer package of the latter with the Stoneblade package (and a pair of Plows) of the former. I know the last thing we need is more Delver decks, but this is a pretty cool spin on the archetype!
When Matthew Krol, board president for the new John Adams High School in Colorado, opened the trademark demand letter from an attorney in Sacramento, he was baffled.
The letter from a lawyer representing the John Adams Academy in Roseville directed the Littleton, Colo., high school to choose another name or face the possibility of legal action.
“I just couldn't believe it. It would be different if we had a name that was geographic, like Grand Canyon School,” said Krol. “We're talking about a president of the United States and a Founding Father of our country.
“You look around, and a lot of schools have the name of a Founding Father,” he said, noting that he found nearly two dozen schools named after the second U.S. president in an Internet search. “I just can't see how somebody could trademark a president of the United States.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Krol said he has worked with founders for most of the last three years to help organize John Adams High School, intended to enroll about 1,500 students. The campus won approval June 2 from the Douglas County School District to begin operation in August 2016.
The lawyer's letter, signed by Sacramento intellectual property attorney Mark R. Leonard, arrived in Krol's mailbox about 10 days before the district's approval. The letter advised that the academy in Roseville has two federal trademark registrations for “John Adams Academy” and plans to protect its intellectual property.
The Roseville K-12 charter school emphasizes “classical leadership education” to create future leaders and statesmen and typically has a wait list, according to its website. The site reports that the school is in contract to buy the 50,000-square-foot building that housed the now-defunct Heald College. The building will be used for grades 7-12, the website says. The academy is planning to build a second academy in Lincoln.
Leonard said he sent the Colorado school a demand letter because some parents who contacted the Roseville academy mistakenly thought it was the Colorado high school. “Under trademark law, that's called actual confusion,” he said. He said he did not have the exact number of parents who were confused.
Leonard's letter urges the Colorado school to stop using the name and “adopt a new name that does not include ‘John Adams' or any confusingly similar names.” His client, he wrote, “reserves its right to seek injunctive relief, damages and all other available relief if such resolution is not forthcoming.”
Leonard said he could not address his client's motivation in registering a trademark. The school's headmaster, Shane Schulthies, did not respond to requests for an interview. But, Leonard said, establishing trademarks is usually a good idea. He said he's helped more than a half dozen schools in California do so.
“You want to have it, but you hope you don't ever need it,” he said. “You want to try to avoid confusion among parents. That can become particularly important if another school with a similar name has negative publicity.” That issue has grown in importance, he said, as more businesses and schools rely on the Internet.
Most of the nearly two dozen John Adams school namesakes that Krol found online have been using the name for years. Trademark attorneys say schools anywhere in the country that have been using their names longer than the school holding the trademark registration, known as common-law rights, can continue doing so.
John P. Costello, a patent attorney in Sacramento who also specializes in copyright, trademark and intellectual property issues, said a school hoping that a trademark will prevent any name confusion might do well to first choose a distinctive name. A trademark owner must distinguish the name “John Adams” not just as a former president but also as defining an educational institution in the minds of the public, much like George Washington University has done, he said.
“It's not a real strong mark because it's somebody's name and there might be a whole slew of schools who use the name ‘John Adams,' ” Costello said. “Names and surnames can become trademarks. But you have to acquire secondary meaning over time, usually through substantial advertising or acquired distinctiveness. You have to establish a meaning apart from its use as a surname. That could be a tough row to hoe, especially if there are other ‘John Adams' schools out there.”
Colorado's Krol said his group doesn't have the money to devote to a trademark challenge.
“That's crazy to even fathom,” Krol said. “It's not something we can fight. We'd rather invest the money in schools and education.”
CHICOPEE - The Chicopee Health Department has reportedly removed nearly 20 stray birds that were found loose in the Memorial Drive Walmart after customers complained of seeing birds eating from packages of meat.
Western Mass News, the television partner of The Republican and Masslive.com, reports Health Department officials removed 17 birds from the store and discarded several packages of meat from the display.
Photos and videos of birds in the store pecking at packages in the meat aisle were posted on Facebook over the weekend. Judging from people's comments, few were amused.
One man, Scott Conway of Chicopee, reported to Western Mass News that he was repulsed to see birds tearing away at packages of meat.
"They were clustering around the hamburger and they were literally eating out of the packages," Conway explained.
He told the station he complained to an employee who more or less shrugged and said birds in the store are a normal thing.
A Walmart spokesman said the store hired a professional to hunt down and remove the birds. Additional precautions are to be put in place to prevent any other birds from entering the store.
The birds in the photos appear to be a type of sparrow.
Though not typically considered meat-eaters, sparrows are considered carnivores.
Centuries spent in the company of humans have apparently caused them to alter their diet because of the constant supply of food in the form of seeds in feeders, scraps of bread and the occasional parking lot French fry.
Animals adopting unusual diets in the company of people is not unusual. Witness the 67 macaroni-and-cheese eating cats removed last week from a home in Salsbury.
Looking for a Guardian article?
It looks like you're trying to find a page that may have been moved or no longer exists. Please try using our search function to find your content.
Are you looking for a Bay Guardian story that was published before 2015? If so, read on.
The print and online articles from the Bay Guardian newspaper and sfbg.com from 1966–2014 are back online at the Bay Guardian archives, and you can search the archive at this link.
The Bay Guardian archive currently contains online text versions of most articles and blog posts published after 2005, and also contains a growing number of searchable flip-through PDF editions beginning in 1966.
We will be adding more to the archives in coming months, so stay tuned! This project is hosted by our friends at 48 Hills.
SUPPORT OUR EFFORTS HERE!
May First – a special day for a multitude of reasons
May Day is recognized around the world as a celebration of international workers' solidarity. This event, which eventually produced the momentum for the eight-hour day and the other basic rights of workers (under attack again today) began in Chicago, sparked by the deaths of the Haymarket Martyrs, scapegoated victims of agents provocateurs. Their courage is personified by the last words of August Spies, before he was hanged: ““The time will come when our silence will be more powerful than the voices you strangle today.”
It's also Beltane – the change of the season, a celebration of the sun, of rebirth, of growth, the return of life – hope.
And May 1, 1965, was William Thanet French's birthday. His too brief life reflected both the courage and vision of the Haymarket Martyrs and the hope and joie de vivre of Beltane.
Imagine this: For one day – just 24 hours – you have taken a medicine that makes reading incredibly difficult. You read, at best, at about a third grade level. Your math skills are similarly degraded. Another pill creates the physical and speech impairments that mimic a mild stroke, not quite identifiable as an illness but noticeable enough to mark you as “different.” Despite these challenges, you are plunged into a situation where you have two choices: perform the tasks of a normal adult with consistent competency or lose your autonomy – perhaps forever. Imagine trying, failing, trying again – and again. Think about how easy it would be to give up in despair, turn your life over to those who tell you that you likely won't ever acquire the skills this culture insists are the most important attributes of an independent citizen. Try to balance your bank account, plan your budget, read the fine print on an agreement for a cell phone, negotiate social interactions, shop for your food, cook it, pay for your insurance. Don't drop a ball – make one significant error and, like a goalie in a National Hockey League game, your error will be announced by the equivalent of a glaring light, and 40,000 people standing up and screaming at you. You lose – everything. Most importantly, don't get sick. Not seriously sick, not ever, because the moment you can no longer care for yourself, you may find everything you fought for destroyed. Your independence, your freedom – gone. Your right to choose where you live, what you eat, vanished. You will be cared for by poorly trained, minimum wageworkers who may or may not be particularly concerned about your well being – their supervisors, after all, have little concern for them.
Twenty four hours. Try it. Imagine it. Will lived it for about 400,000 hours. During those years of fighting, he encountered and vanquished some remarkably powerful enemies – the expensive private schools in Texas that left him abused and with PTSD, the public school system in Tucson that instilled in him a hatred of the word “special” in all it's manifestation, and the Ray Graham Association, who spent years trying to ensure he never achieves his goals in order that they could continue to profit by his dependence. He fought the pharmaceutical company Bristol Myers Squibb, who enrolled him in a double blind placebo trial for their melanoma drug Ipilimumab, randomized him into the placebo wing (by all indications), ensuring his stage III melanoma advanced to stage IV, and then refused him access to the actual drug under their compassionate use program when it proved effective but was just short of FDA approval (It's now approved, marketed as Yervoy, and cost $30,000 per infusion).
All of the institutions that exploited Will tried, unsuccessfully, to strangle his voice. He kept speaking out, kept fighting. He never faltered, never once considered laying down his weapons and surrendering. No retreat, no surrender, and we fight on for him.
Advertisements
“These farms aren't your traditional sprawling upstate acreage tended by laborers or a guy on a tractor in bib overalls. Set up near where Jay-Z grew up, they're 10 steel shipping containers converted into hydroponic vertical farms, meaning crops grow in tower formation with recycled water and without soil.
Inside the LED-lit modular containers are rows of panels sprouting pesticide-free plants in a controlled climate — so freezing temperatures and snow pose no problem. Each container produces an annual harvest equivalent to an estimated two acres of land.
Square Roots raised seed financing to build the campus, which cost more than $100,000. Then, 10 young farmers were chosen from more than 500 applicants for a yearlong stint that started in November.”
Read the entire article at: “Metro.us“
GKR: Heavy Hitters is a standalone, customizable tabletop game for 2-4 players, combining high-quality collectibles with dice-rolling, mech-building and tactical play! Pilot your Heavy Hitter (the biggest, baddest robot on the board) and a squad of three Support Units through the ruins of an old city, competing to either wipe your opponent off the map or reduce four skyscrapers to rubble.
Strap in for the most epic smackdown this side of the megapocalypse! Gather your squad of Giant Killer Robots (GKRs), build your deck, and face your rivals in the ultimate fight for fame, fortune, and sweet salvage rights. Scheme, strategize and strong-arm your way to victory as you dominate the media landscape, one billboard at a time.
It's 2150. The world is in ruins, but it's
ok – we've got a distraction. Our
corporate overlords have turned our
destroyed cities into playgrounds for
the ultimate hi-tech combat sport:
Giant Killer Robots! Like modern-day gladiators, GKR
squads battle across the globe with a
trash-talking pilot at the helm. At stake:
Epic bragging rights for the pilot; total
advertising domination for the
mega-corp. It's a win-win. Well, except
for the loser. They're gonna have
a bad time.
Providing the masses with
chemical motivation
since 2100! Need some pep in your step? At Thunderhappy Pharmaceuticals, we understand that the whole is greater than its parts. Our products will help you join the herd and feel good about yourself again! It's like the apocalypse never happened! With a proven track record in servicing society's chemical mood needs, we're putting the ‘p' into productivity – one pill at a time. That's why we've been named the world's most-loved company, 50 years in a row! But don't take our word for it: Pop a Thunderhappy pill and tackle that 15-hour-a-day desk job with gusto. It's like a cuddle for your brain.
Putting the “terror” in
terra firma. Sick of forests and glaciers blocking your view? Wouldn't you like a nice shiny shopping mall to look at instead? ‘Course you would. And so would we, Hammerstrike Amalgamated: the heavyweights of heavy industry. As Earth's leading pre-apocalypse military contractor, we know a thing or two about mega-scale construction equipment. So you can count on us to ensure that Earth's remaining habitable land is put to good use. Don't let a little thing like nature stand in the way of your lucrative investment. Where unseemly natural landforms block the building of refined man-made structures, Hammerstrike will literally pave the way to a solution.
The Alpha Predators of
Transportation. Regulations? What regulations? King Wolf's a cowboy, and we've taken a bite from every pie in this Wild West we call Earth. Air, land, water supply chains: they're all ours, baby. Our shareholders don't need to know the meaning of “total monopoly.” They just know we'll clip the ticket every step of the journey. But King Wolf cares about community outreach, too. That's why we've set up a Social Responsibility division, catering to our most important clients: advertisers. With commercials displayed on every seatbelt and steering wheel, ten out of ten advertisers agree: a captive passenger is a happy passenger.
Toni Lane Casserly is an American tech entrepreneur, artist and thought leader. She is a Young Star of Bitcoin and the co-founder of CoinTelegraph, the largest media network in the bitcoin and blockchain industries. She is a partner at BitNation. As a philanthropist, Casserly co-founded Kids Compassion Charity when she funded a village to survive Ebola using bitcoin. As part of this endeavor, she put 14 children through school and has provided 14 orphans with a home. Casserly currently works toward establishing digital currency economies, mesh internets and peaceful seasteads to help free citizens from the hands of war-torn, oppressive and corrupt leadership while preserving the planet. She serves as an advisor and/or board member to 6+ companies and funds as she simultaneously works in the field of human rights to establish digital currency economies, mesh networks and alternative governance structures in countries ruled by oppressive leaders and corrupt jurisdiction. She has been affectionately entitled “The Joan of Arc of Bitcoin” by her peers and various publications.
Toni Lane Casserly: We live in a distributed Pangaea. I mean we're all one continent once and what is a border? A border is like someone walking into your house with a can of gas and a gun and setting the can of gas down and looking at you and saying this is my house. And you're like what? Me and my indigenous family have lived here for centuries, like this is our house and colonialism says no, this is my house and if you don't want to go and like warship our deities and all these things then like you have options. And one is the gun, which could be for you, or the other is kick over the can of gas. I can just burn this down and you would have nothing left and then it would be much easier for it to be mine. And I have no capital issues rebuilding it after I destroy it. That's how we created borders. What?
What kind of world do we live in where that's acceptable? And that still acceptable all over the world today, it's just a generally not as public. But it's nuts. And do I think that we will live in a fully borderless world? That's going to take a lot of change or a lot of time and we'll see what happens with the effects of climate change, which could fundamentally have some massive impacts as far as creating what I would call a civilized refugee crisis. But the way that we're starting to think about living in a borderless world is actually through one of my technologies. And it is founded by Suzanne Tempelhof and I'm a partner in the company it's called Bitnation. And Bitnation is essentially the idea of Facebook for governance or DIY government. And we start out creating a borderless society by actually working on a human rights platform for people who have been disenfranchised. So we use blockchain technology to give refugees a global identity, a one-world citizenship.
And we also do all of the E-identity for the government of Estonia. So we work within systems of government who are interested in using these technologies but in a way that fundamentally empowers every person on earth to exist to have the right to live, to exist and to be and to be recognized. So that's how we're starting this world that has the potential to at least for the time being had more fluid borders. And in the future I personally believe that the idea of government should be market based. People should be able to opt in and to opt out of systems of governance in the ways that they are able to provide for their people. So governments are actually what a concept, competing to be better, to take care of their people more than any other government. That is so deeply humanizing and I think it's absolutely necessary if we are to live in a world that is going to have any kind of autonomous self-governing organization. So yeah, our whole world is creating new holocratic systems of government and we start by giving it to people who need it more than anyone because those people should not be forgotten.
There are so many brilliant things and incredible things that distributed ledger technology can provide for generally the benefit of our entire human race. Like allowing people who are financially disenfranchised to have access to services that they would've never of had before like owning their own land titles, owning their own identity, being able to create contracts without third party interference. And in that way there's so much magic. I mean giving people who live in economies where their currency is so over inflated, and that's just out of their hands and out of their control. If you live in Venezuela, for example, and the exchange rate and the amount of inflation is so high that a bag of flower costs $313, that kind of technology, distributed ledger, Bitcoin, the Internet of money, that's huge for those people.
And I think the serious cons of this could be, one, that a lot of institutions who are building distributed ledger technology are building in a way that doesn't necessarily expand the way that they're looking at this technology. A lot of people they're spending like millions of dollars building massive Excel spreadsheets not actually blockchains. And I think that's a very current issue. But in the long term if we are living in a world where all of that information is transparent or public and you're never able to delete something that you do and all of that information is not owned by the system that is the technology and you can't mask your identity or have your own privacy and everything you do, every step you take is monitored and held in the hands of a public organization, that's apocalyptically threatening. And I think that we have to make sure that this technology, and honestly based on the ethic and the ideology of which the technology is invented, it's very unlikely that it's going to be able to go in that way because of the impact, the positive benefit that it's actually going to bring to people around the world.
That's genuinely scary for everyone because it's not like you can go in and one person randomly, because they have a position of power, can edit something in or out, that's not how it works. So you have to preserve the integrity of the technology, which is that blockchain technology is borderless, it is voluntary, it is decentralized and it is immutable. And in being immutable it's extremely important that the technology remains pseudo anonymous. Because let's say you're living in an area where you are under the forces of a corrupt and violent government and let's say you are doing something, you are trying to lead a liberation and if you are cataloging your information in a way that is going to be forever capable of being seen and in a way that your identity is not owned by the individual but is owned by an institution, that's terrifying. That is a dystopian future and we cannot live in that kind of world. So with this kind of technologies you have to realize that we're just at the beginning of what is about to be this balloon and blossom. And this is why it is so important for people to begin to practice and to own their own autonomy in a fundamentally different way.
There's not just one blockchain, and this is the beauty of the blockchain ecosystem is that you have a blockchain like the Bitcoin Blockchain, which fundamentally is like the most secure – it's the original blockchain. And the Bitcoin Blockchain is particularly interesting because the creator of the Bitcoin Blockchain, who goes under the moniker Satoshi Nakamoto, is invisible. And so you have actually from within the system no general singular point of authority. You don't have a benevolent dictator in Bitcoin because the creator, understanding the value system of what he was doing, or she, removed themselves from the project and essentially became invisible to the Internet, dropped off the face of the earth. Satoshi Nakamoto has had one last little bit of communication in 2011 to tell everyone that Dorian Nakamoto, who is this innocent Japanese man that was accused of being Satoshi and all of a sudden was thrown into the media to say that Dorian Nakamoto was not actually Satoshi Nakamoto please stop harassing him people from the press.
And so that's actually the beauty of the Bitcoin Blockchain and the way that it is not only ideologically constructed in practice but in action from the founder. But the Bitcoin Blockchain isn't the only blockchain, in fact there are many blockchains and there will probably be many more blockchains. And it's a healthy robust ecosystem for a lot of these blockchains to have interoperability. For example, there is the Ethereum Blockchain. And Ethereum is primarily used for smart contracts. And you essentially have people that are capable of creating apps like in the Apple App Store, except that those apps can have their own independent crowd sale and can be independently monetized by the people who use those applications and who believe in the ideas. So essentially instead of having a big VC funding around, someone can come in and say I really think that doing a blockchain based prediction market is fascinating and it's something that has only become possible because of blockchain technology. So instead of going adventure route I'm actually going to open up this idea, this technology that I built on the Ethereum platform, which is a blockchain, to the community. And I'm going to allow the community to fund this idea with something like Either, which is the currency of Ethereum. And in doing that we not only have the money to build but people also had the ability to become monetized as they interact on our platform and our system.
And so I think the future for blockchain technology is fundamentally because you have opt-in principles it's like would you, if you had the choice, would you opt in to a restricted Internet? No. And so I think that generally people are going to move toward the ideas that inherently and fundamentally give them the most opportunity and the most freedom. But in my personal opinion it's healthy to have this robust ecosystem of ideas where many people can create, and fundamentally and the true nature of this technology being a market based invention people are able to choose. They're able to choose which blockchain provides the best services for them, what matches with their ideology how they believe and how they want to carry out their life. And so fundamentally it's not necessarily - I would like to believe that the wisdom of the crowds will guide us in the right direction for this technology because what is the value of something like this if it is not for the people participating in the system?
Bacary Sagna has pledged to do his utmost to help the team as he's called on to fill in for Laurent Koscielny as Arsenal face a centre-half crisis.
The Frenchman is suspended for the trip to Craven Cottage and with Thomas Vermaelen still injured it leaves the club with just one fit centre-half.
Sagna will slot in alongside Per Mertesacker against Fulham, and quipped he likes the position because it requires less energy than full back.
“I enjoy centre-back because, first of all, you run less,” he told the Mirror, “but you have to stay focused mentally all the time and stay strong because it's all about winning the game.
“I enjoy playing at centre-half and will play in any position for my team. I still need to improve if I am to play there again but it was great because we didn't concede any goals and for defenders that is the most important thing.
“I might be playing centre-back at Fulham because we have injuries and Laurent is suspended. I will do my best and try to win three points.”
When you consider that we could easily have been without Sagna – both PSG and Monaco showed real interest in him this summer – it would have left us in a real mess.
Aside from being our best right, his experience and quality means he can fill in in the middle, and let's hope he can stick it to Berbatov and co on Saturday.
Frankly, anyone who doesn't love Sagna is dead inside. Dead.
Amazon Instant Video is a surprisingly solid Netflix-competitor — particularly if you're already an Amazon Prime member, which makes much of the content free.
Until today, though, the service had one glaring fault: If you wanted to watch it on an Android tablet that wasn't Amazon's Fire HD, you were pretty much out of luck. That fault is finally fixed.
Amazon released a new app this morning that brings the Instant Video service to the countless Android tablets of the world that aren't Amazon branded.
One caveat: just like when they opened the service up to Android phones, the process for getting the Instant Video app on your tablet is a bit convoluted. Amazon wants you going through its Appstore instead of Google Play. If it's not already set up on your device, it'll require some mucking around in settings to get it working.
How to install it:
On your device, check the option that allows downloads from “Unknown sources.” It's usually under Settings > Security.
Go to this URL: http://www.amazon.com/getappstore
Install the Amazon Appstore
Open the Amazon Appstore, find the page for the Prime Instant Video app. Install it.
Note: when you're not using the Amazon Appstore, you should consider disabling that “Allow Unknown sources” option. Tapping around blindly with that option checked is a pretty easy way to find malware installed on your device.
This process isn't too bad, but it's not nearly as pretty as “Open Google Play, install app”. And the users certainly don't seem to like it much: This method led the existing Instant Video app for phones to rack up over 4,000 one-star reviews.
But hey, Instant Video works on your tablet now!
Would you believe not everyone has a garbage disposal in their kitchen sink? In fact, only half of U.S. households have a garbage disposal.
I never had a garbage disposal until I moved into my apartment in Portland. I'd never even used one before!
Unfortunately, I just assumed that I could put any food into the garbage disposal and all would be fine.
Wrong!
I soon discovered that there are some foods that you simply cannot put down into the garbage disposal. And there are certain ways to use a garbage disposer that make it work more efficiently.
Here's a list of food scraps that cannot be put down the garbage disposal, plus tips for getting the most of that handy disposer in your kitchen sink…
3 Things To Know About Garbage Disposals
One night when I was grinding up vegetable peels, the garbage disposal just stopped working.
Boy, was I steamed.
After doing some research, I discovered that you can't just throw whatever you want into the garbage disposal.
The 3 things I learned:
#1 You have to be careful about what you put in the garbage disposal in the first place (details below).
If it is not gonna leak through a paper bag [when tossed in your regular garbage], it doesn't need to go in the garbage disposal. — Franken
#2 You should always run large amounts of cold water whenever the garbage disposal is running, and start the water running before the first food scrap hits the drain.
Cold water solidifies grease, which causes it to float down your pipes rather harmlessly. If you use hot water, grease will melt in the disposal, and then when it reaches a cooler part of you waste plumbing, it will grab hold of the side and hang on. Also cold water causes many things to harden, which although it sounds like nonsense, helps the disposal; since the disposal would rather break things than cut then, harder things are better because they are more brittle and break rather than flexing and bouncing around down there. — Rent A Husband
#3 You should only send small amounts of food scraps into the garbage disposal at a time.
Insert garbage loosely. If you pack in too much at once, you can jam the disposal. — Friendly Plumber
Here's the proper way to use a garbage disposal and care for it over time.
As it turned out, it wasn't what I was grinding up in the garbage disposal (vegetable peels), but how much of it at a time I was sending into the disposal.
Foods That Should Never Be Put Into A Garbage Disposal
So that the same thing that happened to me doesn't happen to you, following are some tips for getting the most from your garbage disposal, plus foods that you should never put into a garbage disposal.
Grease & Oil. Yes, even though it's food-grade oil for use in cooking, it's not easily digestible by your garbage disposal. Grease tends to congeal and slime up the inside of the garbage disposal, hampering its overall effectiveness. Not to mention the fact that grease can wreak havoc on your pipes! As a precaution, any time you're sending food scraps down the drain that have a greasy residue (from butters and oils), always run a boatload of cold water at the same time (as mentioned above).
Meat (especially greasy meat, raw meat, or meat with gristle). Raw meat becomes stringy and wraps around the blades. Gristle can dull the blades in your garbage disposal be very difficult to grind up. And we all know the downsides of disposing grease at this point. It's better to bag up whatever meat you need to dispose of and take it out to the trash — rather than put meat down the garbage disposal. If you must send meat into the garbage disposal, make sure to only send very small pieces.
Pasta & Rice (cooked or not). The starch in rice and noodles (and quinoa) causes them to be slimy and wrap around the blades of a garbage disposal, which could cause it to stop working. In addition, regardless of how much water you run or how long you run the garbage disposal, you can never break down rice or pasta small enough because rice and pasta swell when they come in contact with water. That means the small pieces will enlarge and accumulate in the trap of your pipes until it becomes clogged.
Potatoes & Potato Skins. Again, it's the starch in potatoes and potato skins that ultimately becomes a gummy glue which wraps around the garbage disposal's moving parts and clogs up pipes. Instead, peel potatoes into a strainer or into the sink with something covering the garbage disposal.
The worst things, bar none, to put in a garbage disposal? Potato peels. And cooked rice. Both, but especially potato peels turn into glue in your drain, as the starch gets ground up, sitting in your pipes to harden or just cause a blockage if not enough water pushes it all the way to the water treatment plant. A little bit, a little at a time may be fine, but that Thanksgiving dinner or Xmas dinner potato preparation could cause you a large plumber's bill. Beware!!! — Handyman
Flour. Similar to potatoes, flour becomes glue-like when wet. It then thickens and hardens when dry. This can wreak havoc on your garbage disposal.
Stringy, Fibrous Foods (corn husks, celery, lettuce, asparagus, onion peels, and garlic ends). Any foods with stringy parts or papery-thin skins should be avoided. They tend to wrap around the blades and moving parts of the garbage disposal and can even get tangled around the blade motor.
Fruit Peels & Rind. The thick tough skin is what does not break down easily in a garbage disposal. In small pieces, these may be okay, but never half a fruit or larger at one time. Since banana peels are very tough and very long (not to mention slimy and slightly stringy), it's not advised that you toss them into the garbage disposal. They could cause your disposer to seize up and quit working.
Eggshells. These are a hot topic that brings much discussion among homeowners. Some have had good luck putting eggshells down the disposal, others have shared personal horror stories after sending eggshells into the garbage disposal. Here are 2 such stories:
eggshells may not damage the disposal, but they may very well contribute to clogging pipes. I had a major clog under my house recently and the plumber saw eggshells (along with other stuff) come out with the roto-rooter. He said “never never put eggshells down the disposal”.
If you put too many eggshells down the disposal because they get ground up so finely they get caught in the trap underneath the sink (this has happened to me twice) and the next time you use the dishwasher the water pressure, if you are lucky, causes the water to get backed up. If you are unlucky, like myself, it causes the pressure to build up in the pipes until the force apart and spew water under the sink during the night and you are left with a soggy mess. One or 2 eggshells with a lot of water is okay but 3 or more seems to be a bad idea!!!
Non-Food Items. These items do not fare well in garbage disposals: glass, metal, paper, plastic, string, rubber bands, rocks, cigarette butts, and bones. They can completely break down your garbage disposal, making it unusable.
The most popular size of garbage disposal is a 3/4 HP motor with enough power to handle even the stringiest of vegetables. Compact models usually have 1/4 to 1/2 HP motors and the largest disposers have powerful 1 HP units. Actual capacities of disposers tend to vary and compact models most often are quite adequate for families. Source
In the end, it's best not to think of your garbage disposal as a substitute for a kitchen garbage can. The best advice is to scrape all food scraps from plates, pots, and pans directly into the garbage can and only use the garbage disposal for the smaller food particles that remain.
A garbage disposal is a long-lasting durable piece of equipment that serves a kitchen well. If you keep the above tips in mind, and don't do to your garbage disposal what I did to mine, then you will get many years of life from this handy kitchen gadget. However, if you're careless about what you send down the disposal and how you use it, you'll probably be looking for a garbage disposal repair manual soon!
More About Garbage Disposals & Food Scraps
For the record, the “blades” in your disposal are not blades. You might think of them as hammers. There are no sharp edges on then. Think of them as 2 or so hammers banging against the food at incredible speed, shattering it into tiny pieces … Hence, the firmer the debris in the disposal, the easier it is to break it apart. That is why stringy things don't get chopped up. They kinda ooze thru the holes, clogging things up. — Handyman
Some of my favorite things to write about are topics that have to do with living green, saving money, pregnancy, weddings, and dogs. When I'm not writing, I love to spend time with my husband, read, create 3D artwork and Native American beadwork.
...
The U.S. Justice Department was already investigating the Cleveland Police when one of the division's officers gunned down a 12-year-old playing with a pellet gun last November. In his first national interview since that tragedy, Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams disagrees with parts of the Justice Department's report and defends his troubled force, saying the majority are good, but there are bad officers he is working hard to rid the division of and the bad reputation they have given it.
Bill Whitaker reports from Cleveland, where he accompanies the city's law enforcement officers on routine patrol and as they engage in community outreach for a story on the hot-button issue of policing in America. He also conducts the first sit-down interview with the family of a mentally ill woman killed in an altercation with Cleveland police officers. His story will be broadcast Sunday, Jan. 25 at 7 p.m. ET/PT.
"Of course there are [bad guys among Cleveland Police] and it's my job to make sure we weed out the bad people from this division and that we nurture and grow and support the good officers that are out there," says Williams.
He also aims to keep potentially bad operators off the force. The rookie officer who shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice had been deemed emotionally unfit by another police department. "Those are things that are under investigation," Williams tells Whitaker. "We know some of the things that happened in that process and we're...changing the way some of that is done."
In the Rice incident that made national headlines, the boy was shot dead within a few seconds of the arrival of the police cruiser. "A 12-year-old boy lost his life. Period," says Williams. "And what makes it even more difficult for me not just as a person who lives in the city but as a chief, is that that happened at the hands of a police officer."
The year before the Rice tragedy, Cleveland requested the Justice Department investigate its police after more than a 100 of them joined a high-speed chase of a vehicle whose engine backfire was mistaken for a gunshot. Two unarmed persons died inside the car; police fired at it 137 times. For that incident and others, the Justice Department report found a systemic pattern of "unnecessary and excessive use of deadly force." Williams denies the findings are systemic.
But Cleveland's top police officer does agree with some of the report's findings. "I agree that there are some issues within the Cleveland Division of Police as they pertain to the use of force...reporting and community issues," Williams says, alluding to a finding that his officers had a poor relationship with the community. "We are working diligently both with the Department of Justice and the community to make sure we correct these things," says Williams.
To see him at the podium Tuesday at the news conference that officially introduced him as the most expensive centerpiece of the Los Angeles Dodgers' offseason spending spree was to miss the point. The dollars that Zack Greinke just pried away from the Dodgers should not be paramount in this story.
Yes, his six-year, $147-million contract made him the highest paid righthander in the history of baseball. And sure, 55 years after leaving Brooklyn, a sort of psychic loop seems to have closed for the Dodgers during the $600 million overall binge they've been on since ownership changed hands: It feels like they've finally returned to their New York roots, only this time as the Yankees of the West.
But that's still not the only story here. To say only that buries the most notable news about where Greinke finds himself now. The fact that he was confident enough to tweak Stan Kasten, one of his new bosses, at the news conference said a lot more.
Remember how as recently as last year there were still whispers were that there was no way Greinke could go to a big market like Los Angeles and thrive? Even at his news conference Tuesday, the reason for those doubts -- the fact that Greinke takes medication for the belatedly diagnosed social anxiety disorder and depression that nearly ended his career -- was hovering in the room. They finally surfaced when Dodgers general manager Ned Colletti said he hadn't anticipated that Greinke would show up for his free-agent talk with team management with only his wife, Emily, in tow. No agent. No mouthpiece? Not a single wingman to make sure nothing went awry?
The Angels gave Zack Greinke a trial run in the Los Angeles market. Rick Yeatts/Getty Images
How many times had that ever happened to Colletti in such negotiations before?
"I can't remember one," he said.
If arriving alone was intended as a negotiating strategy, it was a masterstroke by Greinke and his agent, Casey Close. In his three hours of meetings with Colletti, Dodgers manager Don Mattingly and part-owners Magic Johnson and Kasten, Greinke came across as a man with so much confidence he has his disorder under control, and that he was willing to trust himself rather than some surrogates to prove he could be trusted with that historically rich contract he later signed.
Nobody in baseball is likely to tell you Greinke is the absolute best pitcher in the game. He was just the best available free agent pitcher this offseason.
By the time he arrived at their offices, the Dodgers still seemed to be looking for a sign that they weren't just seeing what they wanted to see after Milwaukee traded him to the Angels last season and, in his first big market go-around, he went 5-0 with a 2.04 ERA in his final eight starts during the Angels' playoff push. The Dodgers wanted to feel reassured they were getting the real deal: a 29-year-old pitcher in the prime of his career with the mindset, not just arsenal of pitches, to pair up with fellow Cy Young Award winner Clayton Kershaw.
Colletti imagines them as a sort of updated version of the Randy Johnson-Curt Schilling lefty/righty duo that led Arizona to the World Series success the Dodgers are chasing.
So how did Greinke come across?
"It was probably the best free-agent meeting I've had in decades of doing this -- it was just pure," Colletti said Tuesday. "He was stunning.
"When he left that day, we all looked at each other and said: 'We've got to figure out a way to get this kid here.' "
This is a long way from 2006 when Greinke, then just four years removed from high school, nearly quit the game because of his still-undiagnosed condition. He has frequently said he "hated" baseball then. He felt depressed about merely going to the ballpark and found it painful to have to interact with his new teammates. One residue of his anxiety disorder is workaday social conventions the rest of us might take for granted -- idle chitchat, conversations that fill dead time in the clubhouse, the team's postgame caravans to dinner or a bar -- all left Greinke feeling anywhere from exhausted too disinterested to "annoyed," a description he uses a lot. Quite often, even now, he'll startle people by bluntly letting them know exactly what he feels.
On top of all that, Greinke was an accidental pitcher who was rushed to the big leagues. He really dreamed of being a shortstop and didn't seriously try pitching until his senior year of high school in Apopka, Fla. But he was so good so fast, and Kansas City made him the sixth overall pick in the 2002 draft after Tampa Bay took B.J. Upton, the other player the Royals were smitten with.
Greinke got his first taste of the majors by 2004, and looked like he could be the rising star of the Royals' rotation in 2005. But he was just 21. He wasn't pitching well. He was still feeling depressed and anxious, and though he often hid it well, that was draining, too. Is there anything in the world more exhausting than having to pretend you're someone you're not?
"People take their own interpretation of what would make me comfortable and what wouldn't, and that's not necessarily true," Greinke told an MLB.com reporter at his Dodgers news conference Tuesday. "This [attention] doesn't bother me. What bothers me is one at a time, and answering the same questions over again. The answers are just going to get worse each time you ask it."
It all caved in on Greinke at spring training in 2006. He had a bad bullpen throwing session one day, and when he came back for his next bullpen, all the feelings he had been tamping down finally came out. He started throwing hard, then harder, then harder yet, in sort of blind rage that seemed so over the top that his catcher, John Buck, stopped everything. Manager Buddy Bell was quickly called. Then general manager Allard Baird, too.
Greinke broke down in a meeting with the two men. The date was Feb. 25, 2006, and something life-altering happened for him: Rather than have all the insensitive things that sometimes get said in sports thrown at him -- suck it up, pull yourself together, for God's sake, show a little spine, kid -- Baird and Bell told Greinke to take some time off. Seek help. See what he found out.
That's how Greinke came to be diagnosed. That's how he started this long climb back -- and then up. That's how he saved his career.
Zack Greinke left a lot of games on the hook for the loss in 2005. G. N. Lowrance/Getty Images
He returned to the Royals briefly in 2006 as a reliever (also his role for much of 2007). By 2008, he was a fixture in the rotation again. The next offseason he developed a changeup to offset his 95 mph fastball and devastating slider. He flummoxed hitters so much in 2009 that he rang up an American League-best ERA of 2.16 and finished 16-8 and made the All-Star team. To his astonishment, he also won the Cy Young Award in a landslide over runner-up Felix Hernandez, though Hernandez had three more wins.
Medication that Greinke takes helped make all of that doable. But so did his toughness and an epiphany he had back then when he contemplated quitting.
"I just want to make this clear -- I can't live without baseball," Greinke said when he returned to the Royals.
Looking forward now to Greinke's stay with the Dodgers, it can't hurt that Los Angeles bench coach Trey Hillman was Greinke's manager the season he won that Cy Young in Kansas City. If Greinke still comes across as a mixed bag to teammates -- aloof or abrupt one minute, enthusiastically willing to shoot the breeze about how he uses sophisticated sabermetrics to inform his pitching approach the next -- Hillman is someone who can put it in perspective.
In Kansas City, as one nod to Greinke's condition, he and Greinke used to have an agreement that they would speak only every three or four days. Hillman was astute enough to let Greinke be the only one to break the bargain by talking more. And he was thrilled when the kid did it on his own.
So it looks like yet another good sign of how far Greinke has come that after the Dodgers introduced him Tuesday and he began to take questions about why he chose the Dodgers over Texas, he made a crack about his new boss, Kasten, that also revolved around talking extra long.
"I don't want to make his head too big, but I thought Stan Kasten was like, the smartest guy I've ever talked to," Greinke volunteered with a laugh.
The TV cameras cut to Colletti and Magic just in time to catch how their eyes widened in surprise -- and then how they all broke up in shoulder-shaking laughter.
Kasten, whose affectionate nickname among the L.A. press is "Blowhard," would not seem to be the obvious choice to hit it off with Greinke.
Speaking to reporters later, Greinke answered a follow-up question about the Kasten remark with another allusion to his social anxiety disorder.
"Maybe I just haven't met a lot of people," Greinke joked, smiling again.
Perfect, right?
The Dodgers should feel good about the man they just signed.
The loneliest job in baseball is being on the mound and knowing a game, a pennant, a World Series can hinge on every ball that you throw. And more than ever, Zack Greinke looks like a pitcher in command of himself, not just all those pitches he throws.
Crimean parliament seizure inflames Ukraine tensions Live Follow updates as pro-Russian gunmen take over the Crimean parliament building Follow live updates as pro-Russian gunmen take over the Crimean parliament building
Net migration to UK jumps 30% Unexpected rise of 58,0000 in 12 months to September 2013 mainly fuelled by migrants from recession-hit southern Europe
Laws: cuts hit child poverty plan Lib Dem minister David Laws says he is 'disappointed, frustrated and angry' at Tories' refusal to sign up to new targets
Trimble 'knew nothing of IRA deal' Ex-first minister, who played key role in peace process, says: 'I would dearly love to know who signed off those letters'
Standard Life could quit Scotland Edinburgh-based insurance firm says it will take 'whatever action necessary' to protect business in event of yes vote for independence
Merkel to exhort UK to remain in EU Chancellor set to address UK parliament amid German fears in Berlin that Britain may be a on way to exit
Arizona vetoes anti-gay bill Governor blocks bill giving businesses religious cause to refuse service to gays after fierce backlash from corporations
10,000 at risk of domestic violence More than 10,000 women and children are at high risk of being murdered or seriously injured by current or former partners
John Kerry slams US 'isolationism' Budget cuts will reduce global clout, warns secretary of state, and hints that US would consider military strike on Iran
Scathing verdict for hospital trust NHS ombudsman says Furness hospital trust's lack of honesty hurt bereaved family of Joshua Titcombe after baby's death aged nine days
Lee Rigby's killers sentenced Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale fight with guards in dock as punishment is handed out
No sign of halt to climate change National science academies of the US and the UK say longer-term warming trend is still evident despite global warming slowdown
Refugees suffer 'devastation' in Syria Huge crowd of Palestinians is photographed waiting to be given aid in Yarmouk, which is under blockade
Plan to make pre-nups binding Law Commission says agreements should be enforceable only after financial responsibilities to children and each other are met
Qatar: more mistreatment revealed Revelations of mistreatment of maids and cleaners add to picture of widespread labour abuse in World Cup host nation
Second tape emerges of Turkish PM Audio posted to YouTube allegedly records Recep Tayyip Erdoğan telling son to hold out for more money in business deal
Help to buy boosts housebuilders Redrow doubles profits in six months to December, while Barratt nearly triples profits over same period
Harman rejects paedophile claims Labour deputy faces accusations from campaigner she failed to stop child sex lobbying group working with NCCL
Brooks 'turned down police request' Former NoW editor tells phone-hacking trial 'complexities on corporate level' stopped her from being witness in 2006 case
A swarm of bees caused chaos at Boundary Park, forcing Oldham Athletic's game against Blackburn Rovers to be held up on Saturday.
Beekeepers were called to the ground to remove the bees who had invaded the League One side's pitch.
A large area of the ground had to be cleared as beekeepers sought to remove the flying insects from the goalpost at one end of Boundary Park.
The experts used protective gear and a leaf blower to remove the bees before play could eventually get under way.
And the incident brought out the punning skills of the Oldham staff, who described the situation on Twitter - and announced over the public address system that there had been "a hive of activity here today".
You cannot BEE serious? Hope everyone is swarming down to http://t.co/nmI9LHfYwg Park today... pic.twitter.com/YjsZDUINOW — Oldham Athletic AFC (@OfficialOAFC) July 25, 2015
The Bee team has just left the pitch. #GameOn — Oldham Athletic AFC (@OfficialOAFC) July 25, 2015
The delay did Oldham little good, as they ultimately lost 2-0 to Blackburn.
Oldham are not the only British club having problems with pests. Aberdeen have been forced to hire a company to deal with a seagull problem.
The birds invaded the stadium during this month's Europa League qualifier against FK Shkendija and Rijeka.
So, William is now officially just over one month old. As a new father, I'm learning some very surprising and useful tools for dealing with him and maintaining sanity. Most of which revolving around that short period in the evening when either Suzanne or I want to get some rest. Overall, the kid seems to be healthy and happy, so I think the first month has been successful. He is starting to look at people more and respond to conversation which is really nice because before that he always seemed totally lost to everything.
I was thinking the best way to lay out this month is to put down the 2 main things I've learned to share with other possibly new fathers coming down the pipe so they don't make the same mistakes. Pretty simple stuff that you don't realize really matters until you need it.
#1 It's not safe to go to sleep naked
While sleeping naked wasn't a common thing for me, every once in a while I'd come out of a bath, be comfortable and just crash. I have discovered that this really isn't wise once you have a kid kicking around, and not just for when they grow up. You may be needed at a moment's notice to spring into action, and unless you have access to a self-dressing Iron Man suit, you are going to end up having to work (and run around your living quarters) in the buff. As a father, your duty is to take action when the mother is tired and exhausted and just needs a few more minutes rest before she has to breastfeed again. This means keeping the baby quiet while you address all of his needs.
Before you have a newborn, this isn't entirely a problem. Once you get a moment to breathe, you can throw on some pants or a shirt and be off to work. However, you don't get the luxury of taking your eye off a bawling newborn for that long. If the baby cries too much or too loudly, you will have failed at your primary task, ensuring mother gets a few more winks of sleep. If the baby is calm, but on a changing table, you really can't take your eyes off of them for a moment. Thus, if you are naked when you start, it's quite likely you'll be naked while carrying a crying, wet, and possibly random-liquid spraying baby with you while trying to desperately calm him down.
All of which could've been avoided if you threw something comfortable on before you went to bed.
#2 At night, go pee before you change the baby
Do you know what almost always takes longer than you'd expect… changing a baby's diaper. It's not that it's complicated. It's actually one of the easier tasks I have to do day-to-day. However, there are always surprises.
Everyone knows about the sudden pee fountain, which is easy enough to avoid and usually just involves another diaper change. This, however, is the least of your concerns. The ones I've cataloged so far include:
the baby volcano, where just as you get a new diaper in place and ready to tie up, baby decides to take the longest and most bubbly poop ever. So named for the resemblance to the science volcano from when you are a kid and the fear you have that it will either burst or spill over the edges of the new diaper.
the poonami (I've stolen this from a friend), where baby suddenly decides to expel liquids from all orifices at the same time. Ensuring a fun and extensive clean up time as baby giggles at you.
the super-duper-pooper, baby poops just enough to ensure you need to change his diaper, waits for you to complete the change when, *Bblllrrprpr*, he poops just enough to require yet another change. Wash-Rinse-Repeat for about 3-5 runs.
Now, imagine having to pee really badly through all of this, and knowing you can't actually go pee until the baby is properly dressed and back in the crib safely. As well, having the weird impetus to pee emphasized by the fact that baby has no problem at all peeing… everywhere.
I realize that both of these revolve around baby, nighttimes and bodily functions. However, for the first month, that's really where 90% of your memorable interactions with baby come from. During the day, when you are sane, clothed, and awake, the interactions are fairly straightforward. Baby will eat, sleep and poop, almost like a cat. Your job is to clean up the poop and ensure he keeps on eating.
At night, unlike a cat, baby will continue these operations and still require you to be on the ball, being ready for this is key for any new father, and having read very very many father books I never saw these two lessons listed out.
They are important.
Trust me.
William Trickett Smith, Sr. (also William Trickett Smith) (born c. 1938) is the former chairman of the Dauphin County Republican Committee,[2] who was disbarred and imprisoned in 1985 for bid rigging and convicted of theft by unlawful taking and deception in 2010.[3][4]
He is the father of William Trickett Smith II, convicted in 2011 of murdering his wife and dismembering her while in Peru.
In 2012, Trickett Sr. was convicted of arson and insurance fraud while facing disbarment and investigation for taking funds from his clients estates.[5] In 2014 he was again sentenced for conspiring to help his son escape by filing a false criminal complaint to have him temporarily extradited from Peru back to Pennsylvania.[6]
Smith's testimony in the Pennsylvania CTA scandal federal trial was largely used to obtain the conviction of Pennsylvania Treasurer R. Budd Dwyer in the case. Smith later admitted in an interview shown in Honest Man: The Life of R. Budd Dwyer that he had lied under oath in his own trial when he denied offering Dwyer a bribe. In the documentary, he maintained, as he did at Dwyer's trial, that he offered Dwyer a bribe and that Dwyer accepted this offer.[7]
March is Women's History Month, and with the Donald Trump and his administration in power, there's never been a better time to honor all women. Throughout the month The Advocate will feature queer pioneers whose strength, resilience, and ingenuity paved the way for others. Today we honor political pioneer Elaine Noble.
Who she is: The first out gay or lesbian person elected to a state legislature.
What she accomplished: Before Maura Healey, before Tammy Baldwin, even before Harvey Milk, Elaine Noble was making election history. A Democrat, she was elected to represent a Boston district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1974, when no out lesbian (or gay man) had held a state-level office. It wasn't an easy feat to accomplish. “I was elected in a largely Irish Catholic town,” she said in a 2007 interview with journalist Larry Nichols. “I was elected in spite of being gay. In the height of desegregation in Boston, I was riding on the buses with children of color. The gay community was just as racist as the straight community. So I had a lot of issues around race.” Plus, she said, “There was a level of animosity in all strata of society against homosexuality.”
She had been encouraged to run by political activist Ann Lewis, the sister of another gay pioneer, Barney Frank, who wasn't out at the time. “We had helped form the Massachusetts Women's Political Caucus and at that time we were trying to find women to run,” Noble told Nichols. “It was really Ann's idea. I said I don't know if I'm electable, being gay. She suggested that it probably wasn't the case and knew that there was going to be a district that I grew up in, which was adjacent to Barney's. It was being redistricted. We had worked on Barney's campaign that got him elected to the State House. It was really with Barney Frank's mother and sister that made me take the idea seriously. Also they both thought Barney was gay and I was sort of a gift to him in a way because I think he was struggling with his own sexuality at the time.”
She was a gift to other gay politicians as well. Her election inspired Minnesota state Sen. Allan Spear, who had been closeted when first elected in 1972, to come out as gay. Because of her, he knew that “if I did come out, I would have company, even though she would be a thousand miles away,” he wrote in his autobiography. Coming out did not hurt his career; he was reelected several times before retiring in 2000. Milk also watched her campaign closely, although his style differed from Noble's. “Harvey really was much more dramatic and pushed the envelope in a way,” she told Nichols of the late San Francisco city supervisor. “It was more to his style and he was fearless. I think we both knew that [one of us was going to die]. You suffer enough bomb threats and craziness with people shooting through your windows and doing damage to your cars and it just escalates.”
Noble won a second term in the House in 1976, and she was part of the first gay and lesbian delegation to visit the White House (during Jimmy Carter's presidency), but her experience in politics left her drained emotionally. In addition to being the target of bomb threats and vandalism, she was spit on by constituents and had excrement left on her desk. There was a strain on her relationship with writer Rita Mae Brown, and the women parted company in 1976. “Rita couldn't take [the harassment] any more, and I don't blame her,” Noble told Elizabeth Deane, a writer and producer with Boston public TV station WGBH. Another reason she decided not to seek a third term was that Massachusetts redistricting put her in the same district as her great friend Barney Frank, and she refused to run against him. She did later run, unsuccessfully, for the U.S. Senate and the Cambridge, Mass., City Council. In her post-political career, she helped found the Pride Institute, a gay-supportive drug and alcohol treatment center in Minneapolis. She eventually moved to Florida, where she has sold real estate, worked as a substitute teacher, and been active in the local Democratic Party. She continues to live quietly there today, and she has made occasional public appearances for her favorite causes, such as a 2009 fundraiser for a Palm Beach LGBT center. “The sea changes of recent years on gay issues have brought her great happiness,” Deane wrote in 2013, “as well as deep gratitude to those who supported her, including Barney Frank's sister Ann Lewis, who encouraged her to run all those years ago.”
Choice quote: “I think I was just one piece in a conga line that led up to this.” — Deane to Nichols, on her role in LGBT progress
For more information: Nichols's article, part of an LGBT history project coordinated by the Philadelphia Gay News and syndicated to other gay newspapers, is available online here. The Advocate wrote about her appearance at a 2009 fundraiser. Deane's article is available here, along with a link where you can view the WGBH documentary A Woman's Place Is in the House: A Portrait of Elaine Noble.
In the late 1980s, when drug-war propaganda was at its peak, an infamous ad campaign was released comparing “your brain on drugs” to an egg being fried in a greasy, worn-out pan. (Not surprisingly, the organization behind the campaign was funded by pharmaceutical, tobacco and alcohol companies.) In a similar fashion, the American Psychiatric Association could launch an ad today featuring one of Donald Trump's rambling interviews as a cautionary example of what happens to the brain when one's rampant narcissism is enabled by shameless careerists. Our new president is enabled by aides like Sean Spicer and Kellyanne Conway, who never contradict or say “no” to the boss, and media sycophants like Sean Hannity and Jeffrey Lord, who would be the first to defend the president if he suddenly began claiming that 2 + 2 equaled 5.
Of course, this is assuming that Trump actually believes the endless falsehoods that come out of his mouth. It's also possible that he is entirely cynical and unprincipled, and believes that most Americans are too dumb, too uninformed or too apathetic to recognize his lies or care about them
Advertisement:
The most plausible explanation is that Trump is both delusional and cynical. He has been a BS artist for so long that he probably believes some of it — especially when it is used to boost his massive yet hopelessly fragile ego. Trump probably does think that voter fraud cost him the popular vote, for instance, or that his inauguration was the most-watched in history — and none of his inner circle dare contradict him. (Only the dishonest media!)
On the other hand, it is hard to believe that Trump actually thought for one minute that Barack Obama was born in Kenya, that climate change is a Chinese hoax or that Ted Cruz's father was involved with the JFK assassination. These are such obvious falsehoods that Trump must have been cynically using them for political advantage. Birtherism, after all, effectively launched his political career.
One area where it can be hard to tell whether Trump is deliberately lying, truly ignorant or intoxicated by his own BS is on economics. Many assume that a successful businessman must be knowledgable about economic issues, but this isn't necessarily the case. Cutting deals doesn't give one any particular insight into macroeconomics, and it is well known that Trump doesn't read any books — let alone books on challenging subjects. Economic issues are complex and often contentious, of course, and “alternative facts” can be hard to detect — especially for the majority of people who don't spend their leisure time reading Adam Smith and Karl Marx.
It is no surprise, then, that Trump's economic rhetoric is even more out of touch with reality than his obsession with crowds and ratings. (If that is possible.) Consider the president's narrative on American manufacturing. Listening to Trump on the campaign trail, one got the feeling that all the manufacturing jobs that had been lost over the previous decades had gone to countries like Mexico and China. If we simply started manufacturing in America again, the logic went, the jobs would come back in droves. On Tuesday, the president signed executive orders on the Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines, emphasizing that his administration would renegotiate these plans so the pipeline steel would be produced in America:
We are very insistent that if we're going to build pipelines in the United States, the pipes should be built in the United States. … We're gonna put a lot of workers, a lot of steelworkers back to work.
This sounds great. The only problem is that the production of primary metals in the United States has increased by about 40 percent over the past two decades, yet the country has simultaneously lost 265,000 jobs in this sector — or about 42 percent. Steel jobs have disappeared because of new automation technologies, not because of Mexicans and other foreigners.
This trend is widespread in manufacturing: According to various studies, the vast majority of jobs that have been lost over the past few decades -- perhaps 80 to 90 percent -- are due to technology and other homegrown factors, not trade deals or outsourcing. It is hard to see how Trump could be unaware of this; but it is easier and more politically expedient to scapegoat immigrants and foreigners who look different than to blame robots.
Advertisement:
This is just the tip of the iceberg of Trump's economic delusions, of course, and the president is hardly alone in his bubble of alternative reality. A candidate so averse to objective reality could only succeed in a party that is similarly averse to the truth.
Over the past few decades, the Republican Party has become increasingly detached from economic realities, and has been pushing what we might well describe as “alternative facts” to promote its far-right, pro-corporate agenda for some time. In fact, the supply-side economic agenda that the Trump administration is about to unleash on America — e.g., major tax cuts for the rich, widespread deregulation, privatization schemes and so on — has already appeared in various Republican-controlled states in some form, most notoriously in Gov. Sam Brownback's Kansas. At the same time, states like California and Oregon have implemented economic policies closer to the vision of Sen. Bernie Sanders, which right-wingers predicted would be economically disastrous. What happened? Former labor secretary Robert Reich articulated the results in a recent article:
For several years, Kansas's rate of economic growth has been the worst in the nation. Last year its economy actually shrank. … [Meanwhile,] California leads the nation in the rate of economic growth — more than twice the national average. If it were a separate nation it would now be the sixth largest economy in the world. Its population has surged to 39 million (up 5 percent since 2010). California is home to the nation's fastest-growing and most innovative industries -- entertainment and high tech. It incubates more startups than anywhere else in the world.
Thus, progressive economics has been empirically successful, while right-wing economic policies have failed bigly (or is it big league?). Of course it should be obvious by now that facts and empirical evidence do not influence right-wing ideologues and corporate insiders who benefit from supply-side economic policies. Besides, the first failed experiment with supply-side economics happened more than three decades ago under Ronald Reagan, and Republicans failed to learn anything then. (The same economist who influenced the Reagan revolution, Arthur Laffer, was also an economic adviser to Sam Brownback in Kansas, and is now advising President Trump).
In 2012, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said of Brownback's Kansas experiment: “This is exactly the sort of thing we want to do here, in Washington.”
Advertisement:
Now the Republicans in Washington will have the opportunity to do just that. Perhaps it will take another economic crisis to expose supply-side economics once and for all. But don't count on it. Alternative facts have become the GOP's modus operandi, and Trump's pathological lying, though more blatant and obvious than is customary, is the natural culmination of Republican deceit. After the inauguration, Trump advised the American people to reject the evidence of their eyes and ears; soon enough he will be asking everyone to reject the evidence of their wallets and paychecks.
Hey guys, sorry for the delay between posts – it's been a hectic couple of weeks!
Trench Run News:
These last two weeks we've been very busy on expo versions of TR and on getting the new art finalised. Poznan Game Arena was great fun, with the THD booth heavily featuring Trench Run. This is the first event where we've shown the new graphics, and we're happy with how they were received. People kept coming back to play more, but lots of people thought we should release it on a console. Maybe in the future we will 🙂 Butcher was also shown and lots of players had fun meating people!
The music also got stuck in everyone's head, which is always a good sign!
PGA was a time for the polish branch of THD to touch base with friends, meet fans, host a TR tournament, wear flowers, and hit the dancefloor flying!
This week we'll be getting back to finishing off some remaining unchanged graphics (stuff that isn't used in skirmish) and refining the menus. We'll get some more screenshots your way soon!
King Arthur's Gold News:
Verra has been working on an attack/defense mod. You can see a longer video of a match here and discuss the mod here. Give it a look and get some feedback going his way!
New mode, same old chaos!
Skinney has been working more on the editor, as well as changes to trampolines. The trampoline changes allow more front-line use as they can be bounced on while carried, removes folding the trampolines, and prevents bouncing through the back of the trampoline. In particular, some of these changes will curb the effectiveness of trampoline cannons. Currently, trampoline cannons allow savvy builders to launch their team over the entire map in a way that's very hard to counter.
Keep in mind that this is an experimental change, but we are fairly committed to changing this part of the meta-game. It's a hard decision to make because we're always happen when we see this kind of “KAG engineering”… However, when something like this settles as the winning dominant strategy, we feel something needs to be done.
That's all for this week – looking forward to getting back to a normal news schedule over the next month. Stay tuned!
(shocked audience reaction)
Oh Jesus. All right, I should look at these in rehearsal. And apparently, he's white and has the same body that we used for a bit we did with Steve Carell like 12 years ago.
Anyway, my point is this. What are we going to do about Russia?
SEN. RON JOHNSON, R-WI (7/21/2014): What we need to do is we have to match strength against strength. ... We really need to show Russia that we will match their military buildup. ... And we'll help Ukraine match that so they can defend themselves.
OK. One of you idiots has to have a better idea.
REP. PETER KING, R-NY (7/20/2014): I think we should talk about cancelling the World Cup. Why should countries be going in the World Cup to Moscow?
So those are all actions, but actions are not going to do anything. Because there's one thing that speaks louder than actions.
7/20/2014: DAVID GREGORY: What is the administration not yet prepared to do that you think must be done? SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM, R-SC: One, he didn't call Putin the thug that he is.
So the question is this. What's the right model for a President in this situation? And the answer be....
MARIA BARTIROMO (7/20/2014): We saw how Reagan responded to the Soviets back then.
KT McFARLAND (7/19/2014): Reagan was at the ranch in California. He immediately came back. KATE OBENSHAIN (7/17/2014): Rushed home from Santa Barbara vacation. JOE SCARBOROUGH (7/21/2014): He immediately came home ... immediately be briefed ... immediately get moving forward and condemned the Soviet Union in the strongest terms possible.
Wait a minute, I'm sorry, that last part wasn't Reagan, it was Superman, but there's no difference. The point is, Reagan acted without delay.
CHRIS WALLACE (7/18/2014): I was covering Ronald Reagan at that time. He was in Santa Barbara at his ranch when this happened. And quite frankly, he didn't want to leave. And his advisers realized how terrible this looked and eventually persuaded him he had to fly back to Washington and had to make the speech to the nation. But it did take him four days.
But you know what? Don't take my word for it, let's read from his actual diary about the incident.
Friday, September 2nd The Soviets shot down a Korean airliner with 269 passengers, 53 of them Americans, including Congressman Larry McDonald. We were due to return to Washington on Labor Day, but realized we couldn't wait. We left on Friday. It was heartbreaking — I had really looked forward to those last three days.
Punctuation, Reagan's. Yes, Reagan was in deep mourning for losing the final 12% of his vacation. In fact, in 1988, when the U.S. accidentally shot down an Iranian airliner, also under Reagan's watch, Reagan refused to end that vacation early.
And by the way, America was so torn up about shooting down that plane, that the commander of the ship who did it later receive a medal for his service. I believe it was called the silver....
We'll be right back.
The controversy over Finance Minister Bill Morneau's handling of his personal finances has prompted a needed conversation about Canada's conflict-of-interest law and the office meant to enforce it. Clearly something is wrong. Morneau was allowed, by law and purportedly on the advice of Ottawa's ethics watchdog, to maintain control over a large stake in his former company, even as he ran the country's finances. It is established procedure, but not a requirement, for ministers to place their holdings in a blind trust as a way of avoiding conflicts of interest, real or perceived. That Morneau – and, we now know, at least one other in Justin Trudeau's cabinet – did not do this is cause for real concern.
Ethics Commissioner Mary Dawson's narrowly legalistic interpretation of her role has come under fire in recent weeks. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
For these lapses, some have blamed loopholes in Canada's conflict-of-interest law, some have blamed the watchdog charged with enforcing that law, and some have blamed the government for its ethical laxity. Each view has merit. There's no doubt the federal Conflict of Interest Act should be improved. A number of sensible tweaks have been proposed in recent weeks, the most important being the closing of the loophole that allowed Morneau to continue to “indirectly” manage his investments through a holding company. As ethics commissioner Mary Dawson has long argued, the architects of the country's fiscal policy should not be allowed to control, even indirectly, large personal holdings. Otherwise, as this case has illustrated, the appearance of conflict is unavoidable. The Morneau affair has also raised important questions about the role of the ethics commissioner. Some have suggested Dawson's interpretation of the conflict-of-interest law is overly narrow, while others argue she's too inclined to avoid controversy and reluctant to challenge officials. To be fair, such criticisms were also leveled against her predecessor, and to some extent they may be an inevitable part of such a politically charged position.
Article Continued Below
But the recent controversy also makes clear the limitations of a narrowly legalistic interpretation of the role. If Dawson told Morneau that maintaining indirect control over his investments was allowed by the letter of the law without advising him that doing so would seem to violate its spirit, she failed. The ethics commissioner should not just be an interpreter of the act but also an adviser on ethical judgment. The government is now 19 months into its search for Dawson's replacement. It should fill the role now with someone with a reputation not just for uprightness and skill in legal interpretation, but also for ethical reasoning and leadership and with a record of independent thought. Still, not even the perfect law paired with the perfect watchdog would be adequate to the challenge of ensuring ethical government. Our conflict-of-interest laws will never provide answers for every ethical dilemma, nor should that be the goal. And, ultimately, the prime minister, his cabinet and other parliamentarians cannot outsource their own ethical responsibilities to a watchdog. Take the ethical scandals dogging the Liberals. Whatever the conflict-of-interest act says about the cash-for-access fundraisers the Trudeau government for too long defended, these events clearly create the appearance of preferential access. The government should have known better. Whatever the ethics commissioner decides about the prime minister's Yuletide getaway to the Aga Khan's private island, the trip clearly posed both ethical and optical problems. Trudeau should not have gone. Whatever the law on ministers' “indirect” control over their assets, Morneau's failure to adequately separate himself from his wealth looks fishy to us. It should have looked fishy to him. We need a better conflict-of-interest law and a watchdog who can do more than simply enforce it. But, as trust erodes and our democracy is tested, we also need moral leadership from our elected officials. This is what Trudeau seemed to be getting at in his mandate letters to his ministers. “The arrangement of your private affairs should bear the closest public scrutiny,” he wrote, an “obligation not fully discharged by simply acting within the law.” The cynic will say that's never going to happen, which is simply proof of just how high is the hill to climb.
Read more about:
Late last week, I wrote a post about how netbooks running Chrome OS and the iPad were on a collision course. Some people took exception to that, noting the iPad was only a touchscreen device while Chrome OS was created to be used with more traditional computing form factors, like netbooks and laptops. But there's a new concept video that has surfaced on a Chromium Project page that very much shows how the two could and should compete head-on in the touch tablet space.
Again, this is just a concept video at this point, but it clearly shows what the people building Chrome OS are thinking about for future products. Oh, and in case you're worried that since Chromium OS is an open source project, this is just some random person making these videos that Google is unlikely to use for Chrome OS, they were made by Glen Murphy, a Googler working on Chrome (with a sense of humor).
Clearly, the tablet in this video is bigger than the iPad, but don't rule out Apple making a larger tablet as well. It's worth noting that Google's tablet concept video was uploaded January 25, two days before the iPad unveiling.
For more of a taste of what Google has in mind with these tablets, check out the concept pictures as well. Watch the video below.
CPAN Unplugged
bash$ sudo cpan Mini::CPAN
minicpan
.minicpanrc
/cpan
bash$ minicpan
bash$ minicpan authors/01mailrc.txt.gz ... updated authors/id/A/AD/ADAMK/Test-POE-Stopping-1.05.tar.gz ... updated authors/id/A/AD/ADAMK/CHECKSUMS ... updated authors/id/A/AN/ANDK/CPAN-Testers-ParseReport-0.1.4.tar.bz2 ... updated authors/id/A/AN/ANDK/CHECKSUMS ... updated authors/id/A/AT/ATHOMASON/Ganglia-Gmetric-PP-1.01.tar.gz ... updated authors/id/A/AT/ATHOMASON/CHECKSUMS ... updated authors/id/A/AT/ATHOMASON/Gearman-WorkerSpawner-1.03.tar.gz ... updated ... cleaning /cpan/authors/id/A/AA/AAYARS/Fractal-Noisemaker-0.011.tar.gz ...done cleaning /cpan/authors/id/A/AD/ADAMK/Test-POE-Stopping-1.04.tar.gz ...done cleaning /cpan/authors/id/A/AL/ALEXLOMAS/CHECKSUMS ...done cleaning /cpan/authors/id/A/AL/ALEXLOMAS/WWW-Nike-NikePlus-0.02.tar.gz ...done ...
bash$ perl -E 'use CPAN::Config; say $INC{"CPAN/Config.pm"}' /System/Library/Perl/5.10.0/CPAN/Config.pm
'urllist' => [ q[file:///cpan/], q[http://www.mirrorservice.org/sites/ftp.funet.fi/pub/languages/perl/CPAN/] ],
CPAN is often described as Perl's Killer App; Modern Perl relies on it, with the perl distribution being almost considered in parts to be nothing more than a bootstrap for the rest of the language that's out there in the cloud. Which makes it all the more annoying when you're stuck somewhere without an internet connection missing the vital bit of the language you need. I just had first-hand experience of being offline for a two week holiday, but I didn't have this problem when hacking on personal projects: I took CPAN with me. So, want CPAN at your fingertips even when you're offline? Yep, you've guessed it: There's a CPAN module for that! It's called CPAN::Mini, and it lets you create a mini-mirror of CPAN. A mini-mirror? What's that? It's a mirror of just the latest non-development versions of the modules from the CPAN - or in other words, it's a mirror of anything you can install by just typing "install" and just the module name into the cpan shell. As I type this now this mirror weighs in at about 1.1GB, which is a fair bit smaller than the full archive. So how do we create a mini-mirror? Well, first (when you're actually online) you need to install the module.Once you've done that thecommand will be installed on your computer. While you can pass arguments on the command line to tell it how to run, it's easier to create afile in your home directory so you don't have to remember what commands to type each time you want to sync your mirror. This is what mine looks like: local: /cpan/ remote: http://www.mirrorservice.org/sites/ftp.funet.fi/pub/languages/perl/CPAN/ So I've got minicpan set up to download from mirrorserver.org (my nearest CPAN mirror on the internet when I'm in the UK) and create files inon my hard drive. So all that's left is to run the cpan mirror command and watch it download.This prints out each file as it downloads. The first time you run this might take a while (depending on the speed of your internet connection) so you might want to trigger it while you're laptop is going to be in the same place for a while with a fast internet connection (i.e. just before you go to bed or just after you get into the office for the day.) The second time you run this command it'll update the existing mirror. This means that it won't have to download the whole 1.1GB again, just the index files and the new modules that have been released.The module will also delete any old versions of modules that are no longer in the index; In the above example you can see Adam released a new version of Test::POE::Stopping, so CPAN::Mini downloaded the new distribution and deleted the old distribution (as no modules contained in the index still relied on that distribution). This keeps the size of the local mirror as small as possible on disk. There are several ways you can configure the CPAN module to use this new local mirror, including typing commands in the CPAN shell. However, my preferred way is to directly edit the CPAN::Config module on the system directly. First work out where the module containing your config is installed:Then edit it changing the urllist parameter to contain your CPAN mirror in addition to your normal remote mirror:This means your CPAN shell will try and install files from disk first, and if for any reason that fails (for example, you tell it to install a development release) it'll go to the second mirror. Which way round you order the mirrors depends really on how often you update your cpan mirror and personal preference. If you, as I do, put your local mirror first this has the disadvantage that CPAN will seem "frozen" at the last time you ran minicpan, with any new changes being hidden from you until you next update. It however means that installs are very quick compared to normal internet installs (be you offline or not) and it avoids having to wait for the internet connection timeout every time CPAN tries to fetch a file and fallback to the local mirror when you're offline. With all this done, I can now install modules in the usual way with the CPAN shell no matter if I have an internet connection or not. Of course, I haven't yet explained how I work out what modules I should be using when I'm offline and haven't got access to search.cpan.org. I'll get to that in a future blog post...
On the eve of the Final Draw of the FIFA Women's World Cup Canada 2015™, to be held on 6 December 2014 at the Canadian Museum of History in Ottawa, FIFA, the National Organising Committee and the Canadian women's national team spoke about their excitement ahead of tomorrow's Final Draw for the FIFA Women's World Cup Canada 2015.
FIFA Secretary General Jérôme Valcke also provided several organisational updates that will be implemented at the tournament, including the use of goal-line technology. FIFA.com has highlighted some of the quotes from all of the members at the pre-Draw press conference:
*Jérôme Valcke, FIFA Secretary General:
*"Welcome everyone, and welcome to the 24 teams for an important event, which is amazing it will take place on 6 December 2014 and I conducted the 2014 FIFA World Cup Draw on 6 December 2013. It was in a different country, it was a World Cup, but again 12 months later we do the same on the same day for the Women's World Cup. We will implement a few new things for these Women's World Cup. The International Football Association Board (IFAB) has made a decision to authorise the use of the goal-line technology system. FIFA has decided that for all of the top competitions, we will use GLT. The GLT system will be used in Canada at the Women's World Cup next year in all stadiums. Also, because we have more teams, we will increase the prize money up to USD $15 million instead of $10 million. I'm amazed by the size and scale of the discussion and where we are about the artificial pitch. It's a part of our statutes that artificial pitches can be used as natural grass to make sure we can play football in everywhere around the world. If anyone is saying that the use of the artificial pitch is a question of discrimination, it's nonsense. It has nothing to do with discrimination."
*Lydia Nsekera, chairwoman of the Committee for Women's Football and the FIFA Women's World Cup, and member of the FIFA Executive Committee:
*"First and foremost, I'd like to congratulate the 24 nations who qualified for this competition. This is a result of extraordinary work in developing women's football. Every FIFA World Cup is the opportunity to show many people the evolution of the game. The 2015 competition will be fantastic. As the chair of the organisation committee of the FIFA Women's World Cup, with my colleagues, we are working every day to develop football, and particularly women's soccer, not just on the ground, but even also outside the grounds. I'm talking about the coaches, administrators, referees, and women really have assumed so many challenges. I hope that this competition will inspire many young girls around the world."
*Victor Montagliani, Chairman of the National Organising Committee and Canadian Soccer Association (CSA) President:
*"The largest single sporting event for women in the world will kick off in 182 days. We're all anxiously awaiting the results of tomorrow's Official Draw to find out where exactly the 24 countries will be playing their 52 matches over 30 days. Anytime you host a FIFA World Cup in your country you know that it will be a magical opportunity to capture the power of football. Next year's competition is not only the first time that 24 countries will compete in a FIFA Women's World Cup but it will also mark the first time in our country's history that a single sporting event has been hosted from coast-to-coast across five time zones. I know that this country will cheer on their home team, but with our diverse multicultural mosaic in this country, I can guarantee you that all participating countries will have the home field advantage. Canada 2015 will leave a legacy for the game of football as our women's team has a unique power of transcending gender and uniting this country, not only from coast-to-coast, but from little boys to little girls, and to men and to women. We thank FIFA for their ongoing support in hosting this important competition, and we wish all our fellow finalists tomorrow the best of luck in the Official Draw."
*Christine Sinclair, captain of the Canadian women's national team:*
**"I'm feeling very excited. It's an honour having the world coming to Canada. It's been a long process and finally tomorrow we're going to figure out who we have to start preparing against. It's just a very exciting time to be a woman's football player in this world, and I'm proud of Canada and I can't wait for tomorrow afternoon."
*John Herdman, coach of the Canadian women's national team:*
**"I just said to her (Christine Sinclair) as we sat here, 'It actually feels real now.' We've been talking about it for two years, preparing behind the scenes. I know the coaches out there had tough qualifying games to get here, so it must seem a little more real for you. For us, we've just been talking and preparing, talking and preparing. I got goosebumps sitting here today, seeing all of the coaches in the room, and you know the people you're going to be battling with. I just want to remind them that this is a beautiful country, so when you bring your teams, make sure you spend as much time as you can relaxing and enjoying the scenery. Don't worry about tactics. They'll take care of themselves! We're getting excited for tomorrow's draw, and we're ready to press forward on all the scouting plans we want to get done to make sure that we make this country proud. That's what we promise. We've done it in 2012, and we're going to do it again in 2015."
I know It's for safety reasons, but its a real shame that toys guns are now built of day-glo orange plastic. I bought my nephew a cork gun this Christmas. It was a real challenge to find one that actually shot corks and looked good (no orange plastic for me). It took a month of research and I had to send away to China for it, but I finally found one I liked. When I opened it, I wished I had bought one for myself. It was made of metal and wood and looked like a real gun. Needless to say, when my nephew opened it, he almost had a joy aneurysm. I don't know why, but kids love guns. The more realistic, the better.
Someone emailed me this great Dick Tracy comic ad from the 1940s. It comes from a time when realism trumped safety and polio stalked the land. What a time to be alive!
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. -- Police say the arrest of Denver Broncos defensive end Elvis Dumervil was preceded by a road-rage incident in which Dumervil and another man allegedly lifted their shirts and displayed firearms to people in another vehicle.
A police report released Monday says the 28-year-old Dumervil was driving his Range Rover and following a silver Mercedes, in which another man, Andy Aguste, was a passenger. While stuck in traffic Saturday evening, a white Chevy Impala, driven by Kristine Ramirez, merged between the two cars.
According to the police report, the parties got into a verbal argument that included horn-blowing and name-calling. At some point during the argument, the accusers in the Impala say, Aguste exited the Mercedes and approached them. Aguste allegedly verbally threatened the riders in the Impala and then lifted up his shirt to reveal a firearm in his waistband, police said.
The accusers also say in the report that Dumervil, a Miami native, walked up to the Impala and lifted his shirt to display a firearm, but never said anything.
After Dumervil and Aguste displayed the firearms, the driver of the Impala quickly accelerated in an attempt to get away, the report stated.
Police say that an employee from a nearby Victoria's Secret witnessed the incident and called police. The employee's statement corroborated much of the accusers' accounts of events, the report said, except the employee stated that one of the passengers in the Impala got out of the car during the initial verbal argument and yelled toward Dumervil's Range Rover, but never moved in its direction.
The Victoria's Secret employee also told police that Ramirez, the driver of the Impala, threw an unknown object at the Range Rover and struck it.
Email servers at the University of Western Sydney, which last year announced it would hand iPads to all staff and over 10,000 incoming students, have been hacked by someone using the name ‘Anonymous'. The University is known to use Microsoft's live@edu hosted email service.
The attacker has used the University's servers to send spam and has also subscribed students to various commercial mailing lists.
The University has ‘fessed up to the incident on Facebook, where commenters report having received 300 or more unexpected emails.
One of those emails, signed by “Anonymous” and titled “When will UWS stop abusing and exploiting their student body?” protests the University's decision to buy iPads for the student body.
In an 800-word rant sent to The Reg by a UWS student, the author criticises the cost of the iPads, lack of consultation with students before the fondleslab buy, the state of the University's IT (apparently it takes five minutes to print in the Library) and suggests tablets have no proven impact on the quality of teaching or learning.
The author also believes the decision to buy iPads was made by the marketing department after research found plenty of would-be students would like one.
“If only they'd have surveyed how many students own luxury cars,” the author wrote, “they may have decided to gift students a free Mercedes-Benz SLK 55 AMG instead."
The source of the email is also clearly no fan of Apple, offering the following criticism of the iPad as a platform
“The sad part in all of this is that the tablet they've chosen to gift the students is not only the most expensive to maintain, nor is it just fundamentally and significantly overpriced for the technical specifications it carries, but it is also extremely locked down in terms of scalability. Apple refuses to allow things such as saving files (other than photos), rendering Flash-based websites and videos, and does not even have a decent office suite available. It is no more than a toy, and for some reason UWS seems to think that the ability to play Angry Birds during lectures and tutorials will somehow provide a better learning experience.”
The UWS IT team has assured students that Spam is the only outcome and says it will offer more information once it learns more about the hack. The Reg expects that investigation will include some terse calls to Microsoft. ®
When Google announced Android 4.4 KitKat, it also erected a statue to commemorate the occasion. And while the company wanted the focus of the raising of the Android 4.4 KitKat statue to be the focus, the event also seemed to reveal an unknown Nexus smartphone that some believe could be the rumored Nexus 5.
The video, which showed Google putting the Android 4.4 KitKat statue up on its campus, showed a man holding a Nexus device that didn't and doesn't resemble any known Nexus smartphone on the planet. The brief sighting led Google to mysteriously pull the Android 4.4 KitKat video for unexplained reasons, leading many to wonder whether it had just shown off a new Nexus smartphone.
Rumors have been swirling in regards to a Nexus 5, possibly built by LG, possibly built by Motorola, that will be coming later on this year with a new version of Android. Whispers have suggested a launch in October and thus, this sighting has brought about a ton of excitement in the Android world.
Read: Is This the Nexus 5?.
While we still aren't sure if the device in question is the Nexus 5, Yugatech has created a Nexus 5 render that is based off of the device that we saw emerge in the video. The device features the large Nexus lettering on the back, a large camera sensor in the top left corner, and it even features the disputable LG logo that many believe was on board the device in the video.
The device features a black finish like the device from Google's video and ultimately, it offers a fantastic up close look at what might just be Google's new Nexus smartphone.
Of course, this is still unconfirmed and it could be that the device was a prototype or a device within a protective shell to shield the actual design from view. it could also have been Google trolling ahead of the real Nexus 5 unveiling. It is, however, telling that the company took down the video shortly after the device was discovered and started making the rounds.
Whatever the case may be, Google typically announces and releases a new Nexus smartphone in the fourth quarter of the year so we should get a glimpse at the actual Nexus 5 in the weeks ahead.
Rumors suggest that it will either be a Motorola Nexus that isn't like the Moto X or perhaps an LG Nexus 5 that is based, in part, upon the LG G2 that is scheduled to hit the United States in the month of September.
Israel has become a safe haven for Jewish pedophiles from around the world, a leading advocate for child sexual abuse victims warned Monday at a Knesset committee pre-hearing on pedophilia in the ultra-Orthodox community.
“Sex offenders tend to move from country to avoid jail, but what makes Israel unique is the Law of Return, which essentially grants unhindered access to anyone who is Jewish to come here without any real screening,” said Manny Waks, the chief executive officer of Kol v'Oz, a newly formed nonprofit that aims to prevent child sexual abuse in the global Jewish community.
The Law of Return grants automatic citizenship in Israel to those who meet its definition of a Jew.
— Advertisment —
Waks was raised in Melbourne, Australia where he attended Yeshiva Centre, a school run by the Chabad movement. Years later, he reported that he had been Waks was raised in Melbourne, Australia where he attended Yeshiva Centre, a school run by the Chabad movement. Years later, he reported that he had been sexually abused by two members of the staff there . Waks and his family, who have since been featured in several Australian documentaries, were ostracized by the local Chabad community for coming out publicly with their story.
Along with representatives of several other groups active in preventing child abuse in the Jewish community, Waks met today with MK Yifat Shasha-Biton, chair of the Knesset Special Committee for the Rights of the Child.
The full committee is expected to convene for a special session on the topic after the Passover break.
— Advertisment —
Among those accused of sexual abuse who have fled to Israel, Waks cited the prominent case of Among those accused of sexual abuse who have fled to Israel, Waks cited the prominent case of Malka Leifer , the former principal of a religious girls' school in Melbourne, who allegedly assaulted eight of her charges. She is now under house arrest, and the Australian authorities are seeking her extradition . Waks noted several other cases of pedophiles and alleged pedophiles from the United States, Britain and the Netherland who had fled to Israel either after being charged or to avoid being charged. Some have already been extradited back to their home countries where they are serving jail sentences.
“It seems to us Israel is increasingly becoming a refuge for pedophiles and alleged pedophiles,” said Waks. “It's an easy get-out-of-jail card for them.” Waks, who is married with three children, recently moved back to Israel, where he was born and served in the army.
According to research data he cited, one in five children in Israel experiences sexual abuse.
“There's a range of factors that suggest there may be a significantly higher proportion within the ultra-Orthodox community,” said Waks. “I think any closed community would have increased cases, because these cases are silenced. They're swept under the carpet. Not only that, but “There's a range of factors that suggest there may be a significantly higher proportion within the ultra-Orthodox community,” said Waks. “I think any closed community would have increased cases, because these cases are silenced. They're swept under the carpet. Not only that, but in the Haredi community, they don't even talk about sex, so how can they talk about sexual abuse?
His new organization, he said, will be lobbying the Knesset to change the statute of limitations so that victims of sexual crimes can have more time to file complaints.
Also present at the meeting with Shasha-Biton were the heads of a new Israeli group called “Lo Tishtok” (Thou Shall Not Be Silent) that aims to give voice to ultra-Orthodox victims of sexual abuse. Launched as a Facebook page five months ago, the group already has close to 4,200 followers and is planning to become a nonprofit.
Yitzhak Kadman, the executive director of the National Council for the Child, said he had noticed signs of “the beginnings of a revolution” in attitudes toward child sex offenders in the Haredi world. “I was actually astonished by the amount of openness I've seen recently,” he said at the meeting.
Israel may be a preferred destination for Jewish sex offenders, said Kadman, but it has also become a place of refuge for their victims. “We are seeing many of them leave their home countries and come to Israel, perhaps because they are looking for a way to get a fresh start,” he said.
Thirty-nine years ago, the TTC made its historic decision to retain streetcars in Toronto. At the time service on streetcar routes was considerably more frequent than today, and Torontonians generally thought kindly of that mode.
Over the years, it has been an uphill struggle to maintain this. Service cuts on the TTC led to fleet reductions, and improvements we should have seen go unfilled thanks to the too-small fleet of unreliable cars.
We have been through one generation of “new” streetcars, and it's hard to believe that these are now due for retirement. The CLRVs (regular sized cars) are over 30 years old and although they may physically be capable of continued operation and body rebuilds, their ancient electronics are a challenge. The ALRVs (two-section cars) are a bit younger, but still elderly.
Ongoing debates about the type of car that would replace Toronto's fleet and, indeed, whether 100 of the CLRVs would receive a major overhaul including new control systems, delayed the replacement process. This delay would be merely annoying had control of the Mayor's office and Council stayed with a streetcar and transit friendly administration, but we're now in an era where the streetcars are tolerated, not celebrated.
A mockup of the next generation of Toronto cars, Bombardier's Flexity, goes on display next weekend at Hillcrest Shops. Design delays, not to mention political foot-dragging, have this project running at least a year late. Meanwhile, construction of the new carhouse and maintenance facility at Ashbridges Bay has not progressed beyond site preparation.
When the Streetcars for Toronto Committee (of which I was a member) advocated for streetcars, this was not just for the nostalgia of seeing rails in Toronto's streets. “Light Rapid Transit” (LRT), a then-modern-sounding pseudonym for streetcars on reserved rights-of-way, could have brought an inexpensive network of suburban routes long before the suburbs as we now know them were built. Not until the Transit City plan, decades later, did we have an administration that took this concept seriously. Transit City had its flaws, but these pale beside the madness of an all-underground alternative foisted on Toronto by Mayor Ford and Premier McGuinty.
Engineering challenges may force a rethink for Eglinton's valley crossings at the Don River and other locations, but these will come grudgingly and the original surface alignment is at best “on the back burner” until less hostile forces occupy City Hall.
The rest of Transit City is so far in the background that even the name has been expunged from official use except as a slur against the Miller years.
Day-to-day transit service is under attack from City budget cuts and Provincial underfunding. Toronto's recent history of strong ridership may continue only by an accident of high energy prices and traffic congestion, not from an active plan to serve growing demand and population.
This is really not where I had hoped to see our transit system by now.
The 40th anniversary will come in 2012 when transit will still be fighting for its life politically and financially in Toronto. We should have been celebrating a renaissance.
Readers of Douglas Adams will know that “42” is the “Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, The Universe and Everything”. What will 2014 bring?
There is no feeling quite worse than waking up in the middle of the night and realizing that not only have the blood rains begun, but that you are in SURPRISE crippling agony from your uterus to your toes. Livia, a device that "turns off" period cramps, wants to help you fight Aunt Flo by stopping the pain straight at the source. Whereas you've probably learned to squelch period pain by popping pills or tried to find other natural remedies like exercise (ugh) or avoiding salt (nooooo), Livia offers a less annoying, more cost-effective, and simpler solution, so scootch your agonized organs over here and listen up.
As Livia explains in their demonstration video, we feel menstrual pain (and all pain, really), thanks to pulses from our brain. Biologically, this is usually super helpful — pain is an indication that Something Bad Has Happened and it needs to get fixed, stat — but when it comes to period pain, all it does is needlessly slow you down and make you miserable. Enter Livia. The device uses electromagnetic pulses to halt the brain's pain signals straight at the source. You simply attach the two sensors to your lower abdomen, turn it on, and voilà!
The company claims that it works even faster than taking pain medication, and comes with other long-term benefits. Not only is it safe and fast, but it will last for several years, ultimately save you a ton of money (pain meds don't come cheap, y'all!), there are no side effects, and you won't build up a tolerance to it. Also, can we just talk about how adorable it is? As a connoisseur of shades of pale pink and pastel everything, I heartily approve.
“Over 50% of women suffer from primary menstrual cramps, for which they consume large amounts of painkillers. Livia uses a pain relief method that does not involve drug consumption. The idea is to close the ‘pain gates,'" explained Professor Bari Kaplan of Women's Hospital – Beilinson on the campaign's Indiegogo page. "The device stimulates the nerves, making it impossible for pain to pass. The method Livia uses has been proven effective in several clinical studies and I strongly recommend the use of the device to relived PMS pain at any time.”
Basically, it's 2016, guys. We have hoverboards and a woman running for president and milkshakes the size of mountains. It is high time we add "painless periods" to the list of things humanity is capable of achieving.
Livia's Indiegogo page has almost doubled its goal for funding, but it's not too late to preorder your own. Right now they're going for $85, a steep discount on the $149 retail price when they come out in October 2016. Just imagine, only approximately seven to eight more terrible periods until Livia comes to the rescue! Learn more about Livia by checking out their campaign video here (but fair warning, you WILL laugh out loud and embarrass yourself in public):
Livia on YouTube
Images: YouTube
Apple and Bharti Airtel on Friday decided to explore ways to work even more closely, with Apple CEO Tim Cook and Bharti Group chairman Sunil Mittal meeting for more than an hour at the latter's corporate headquarters in Vasant Kunj. Discussions related to tapping synergies between the two at a time when 4G services are being rolled out in the country.
It was a great meeting. Apple and Airtel go a long way back since Apple was introduced to India through Airtel and continues to be a preferred partner. Given Airtel's lead in the 4G space, the relationship will become stronger,” a source aware of the talks between the two said.
Bharti's top team, led by CEO Gopal Vittal, was also present at the meeting. Sunil Mittal's son Kavin Bharti Mittal who, operates the messenger app Hike, made a presentation, seen as significant given that Hike competes with global messaging app WhatAspp, now owned by Facebook.
Partnering with Bharti, which has the largest number of data users, could give Apple an advantage in ramping up its market share as the telco rolls out 4G services across the country. The Apple CEO's meeting with Bharti follows meetings with the heads of Vodafone India and Reliance Jio Infocomm in Mumbai on Wednesday.
Earlier in the day, Tim Cook attended a town hall meeting with employees at Apple's office in Gurgaon. He also visited e-commerce firm Zomato's office. On Saturday, the Apple head is scheduled to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Rogue archivist Carl Malamud writes, "I just got back from the big debate on is free law like free beer that has been brewing for months at the American Bar Association over the question of who gets to read public safety codes and on what terms."
I was granted what is known as the "privilege of the floor" to speak before the House of Delegates at their Annual Meeting. The ABA Journal has a summary of the floor debate.
With a couple dozen resolutions on the table and some really inspirational speeches by all sorts of pretty amazing folks (the presidents of the ABA are pretty inspirational!), this was the only resolution that had any significant debate. We went at it for over 30 minutes. In my remarks I made the point that this resolution was perhaps well-intentioned, but bought into a really dangerous idea that somehow DRM-based access to the law from an exclusive private provider is "good enough." I was actually joined by the standards establishment in arguing strenuously that "read only access" simply doesn't exist and DRM is futile. A law is either public or it isn't. (And if a law isn't public, it isn't a law!)
The other side argued that DRM-based access is good enough for ordinary people, and felt that setting that as a minimum floor for access was a good thing. Today, many public safety standards have no access at all for the general public (although I'm proud to have 980 of the laws in question on my web site for access with no restriction and with significant transformation in your ability to use them), so Resolution 112 is sort of a step forward. For that I'm pleased. In a 146-210 vote, we lost our motion to take a deep breath and ask ourselves if maybe the current "split the baby" solution wasn't settling for something pretty bad and maybe we could do better. Although there were 6 ABA Sections that were the sponsors of the resolution (including, believe it or not, Civil Rights and Social Justice!), I suspect that very few of the task force members that did this thing has ever looked at a "read only access" standard, let alone our transformed version.
The lobbying for this resolution was intense. On Monday morning, I did 5 breakfasts with state delegations at Moscone while my colleague Cathy Gellis covered 4 breakfasts at the Marriott. At each one, we would give a pitch for a few minutes, there would be questions and answers, maybe a little banter about the state, maybe the other side was giving a pitch, then I'd walk around the table and hand out postcards). I ended up sending 480 snailmail packages and at the meeting giving out hundreds more postcards. It was gratifying when so many people said "I've been reading about this! I got a bunch of postcards in the mail!"
What struck me the most was the continual mention by the American Bar Association speakers of two things: "rule of law" and "we must embrace technology." I think the question of who gets to read the law is at the very heart of those two important themes, and I got to make my case before 550 of the top lawyers in the country, most of whom had not heard of this issue before. It was worth it.
Next up: Oral arguments in our big standards case is on September 12 in Washington, D.C. Our team of lawyers from EFF and Fenwick & West are going to argue for your right to read the law in any way you want to read it. All 6 plaintiffs and Public Resource have submitted Motions for Summary Judgment, a boatload of Amicus briefs were submitted, this will be the first time the substance of the case will be presented before the judge. Wish us luck.
Exploration Log 1689-I
Opening statement: Exploratory Mission 1689-I was scheduled for 8 August 201█, with an exploration team of four led by Captain Cameron Wells. The team was informed of their upcoming assignment on 2 August 201█. For more information, see document Mission 1689-I Equipment Manifest.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day -6
They told me today I was going to be leading Fredrick, Carlen, and Xander into a sack of potatoes.
Okay.
Apparently it's bigger on the inside or it's a pocket dimension or it's a portal or something, to somewhere full of potatoes. At this point, nothing surprises me.
Oh, and this is supposed to be an official log, so I'm supposed to call them Agents Meryle, Ozols, and Peterson. But no one checks these. So I'm fucking won't.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day -1
They gave us the rest of our gear, and got us ready for tomorrow. The plan is to be in there by noon.
Labs produced this really cool liquid for us to use. It's some kind of acid or enzyme that dissolves the potatoes into a starchy paste. It mostly drains away, but then some of it sort of hardens to make this nice tunnel ceiling. It's actually scary how fast it works, and we have to wear skin protection so it doesn't get on us. With spray nozzles we can carve our way straight into potatoes.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 0
It was pleasant to find that they had already cleared out a small room on the other side of SCP-1689, made of plywood. It was certainly weird, crawling into a bag and coming out in a totally different room, but again, nothing surprises me. We actually didn't see any potatoes, right away. Then we opened up the excavation door and yep, wall of potatoes. Potatoes above, in front, and below. We decided to cut a roughly 2 by 2 meter tunnel straight forward. Compasses don't work here, but there isn't a very good chance of getting lost because we can always find our way back from the radio signal.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 1
Excavating's slow work; we can clear out about 30 meters an hour. That sounds glacial, but it's 120 cubic meters of potato, and that's a kilometer in two days if we make good effort. And it isn't that hard; two of us spray, and two of us shovel away the goop. Every hundred meters or so we put up some support beams. Whoever invented this enzyme is a genius.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 2
God I hate the odor of this stuff. I actually like the smell of potatoes, but because of the enzyme this place smells like vomit. I'm sick of it already. Fuck.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 5
We accidentally spilled some enzyme on the ground today, and turns out we were only like a meter off this concrete floor. Command's really surprised; this is the first thing other than potatoes they've found. Cool.
We decide to just start going on the floor. It's not too inconvenient, and it's nice to have solid footing.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 8
Did you know that the word "spud" comes from digging with a "spade" to make the hole you plant them in? Carlen did. And she made sure we all did too. And then she repeated the word "spud" to herself all day while we were excavating. Sigh.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 9
This is hardly even Agent work. Why don't they have D-Class doing this?
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 11
Tomorrow we're on our own. It's becoming too inefficient to resupply us every few days, so Command's providing us with two months of MREs and tanks of more than enough enzyme to last that long. If we haven't found anything after that, they say, then the mission will be abandoned. Obviously we'll still have radio contact.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 12
It's nice being alone with the team. At night, it's almost like camping. Yeah, camping in a weird cavern. Made of spuds.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 16
Out of the blue, something interesting happened. We found a wall today. It's made of the same material as the floor. The base floor, not the starch stuff. Concrete. It runs at an angle twenty degrees to our tunnel's perpendicular. Command told us to follow it, as it's not like there's anything else interesting going on.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 19
So, concrete floor and concrete walls, today Fredrick got thinking, and sure enough, concrete ceiling. This whole time its been about three meters above us.
Which means that the whole time we've been inside of a building. A huge building. If we can map it out, we can probably find the exit, and discover where in the world this potato hell is.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 28
Xander says it po-tah-to! What the fuck. How have I not heard him say it until now? It's been four weeks, surrounded by potatoes, and he hasn't said the word until now. He's the first person I've met who actually says it like that.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 36
It's been longer since we started following the wall than from the wall to the start. Xander thinks it isn't going anywhere, but Fredrick wanted to press on. Command deferred to me, and well… I don't want the last month to have been pointless. We'll go for another three kilometers, at least.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 38
Today we decided to blow a fucking hole in the wall.
Carlen had charges in her pack (god knows why), so why not. The wall wasn't going anywhere.
We all stood clear, and blasted. It took a long time to clear all the mashed potatoes away, but we sure enough created a three-meter hole.
Guess what was on the other side.
Potatoes.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 39
We started excavating through the hole we made, and turns out it actually is different, outside. It definitely is outside: the ground is dirt and extremely dead grass. That means this thing isn't anywhere on earth. I guess the building was some kind of gigantic warehouse.
We've been hearing this sort of faint rumbles ever since we blew the charges. Xander's starting to go wily about it, but as far as we can tell, nothing's happened.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 43
How high up do these potatoes go? If we're outside, then there's no vertical clearance. So does it go all the way up into the atmosphere? Is this whole universe filled with potatoes?
It's so weird thinking we're outside. It doesn't feel any different from being inside the building. It's like we're underground. Well, I guess we are. It's just the ground is made of potatoes.
Mission Log, Captain Wells, Day 44:
We found an actual tree! A dead one, surrounded by potatoes, but a tree rooted in the ground nonetheless. We had to be careful about it, because the enzyme chews it up, but we managed to fully uncover it. Its branches were sort of weird, splitting at these perfect thirty-degree angles, but overall it looked pretty normal. The lab had me collect a bark sample. It totally made the "outside" fact real. What is this place?
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 48
Xander was worried about the rumbles we've been hearing, so he turned back to look. Turns out, about a hundred meters of our tunnel is caved in.
Command didn't know either. They said they'd start digging us out from the other side, and that it was my choice if I wanted to keep excavating. Fredrick and Carlen want to continue, so continue we do, listening to Xander complain. "I didn't sign up for this shit." Yeah, no shit. The Foundation didn't exactly know you were going into The Realm of Taters when they recruited you. It's not the kind of thing you put in the fine print, just in case.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 51
We keep finding more weird shit. Fredrick uncovered this twisted bicycle, and got super psyched about it. I knew there had to be humans here before because of the building, but it didn't really occur to me until I saw the bicycle. Jesus.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 55
Fuck. I'm an awful captain.
There was another big rumble today. A huge cave-in. We nearly got crushed, but somehow we all managed to take safe refuge under the tree branches.
This time we lost contact with command. We can still detect some faint radio transmissions, but it's too static-y for correspondence. Obviously, I made the call to turn back, but we have no idea how bad it is. It could take weeks to get out.
Fuck. I should have turned back.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 62
Fredrick told us today that we should have brought an Irishman. I told him that he was an asshole. He was chuckling about it all day long. What an absolute prick.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 65
We ran out of food rations today. Xander freaked out and started saying we were going to starve, until I told him he was a fucking idiot.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 67
We should've brought a god damn spice kit. Carlen actually had cooking equipment in her pack (god knows why), so we can prepare the potatoes a couple of different ways. But it's still potatoes. My taste buds are starting to shut down.
This is going to take forever.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 68
It's too hard to clear out the original tunnels we made. It'll be quicker to just cut straight to the bag, anyways. Tomorrow I'll tell my team to just start carving a new tunnel.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 69
Fuck.
We ran out of enzyme today. Sure I noticed the supply dwindling, but it doesn't really work to ration it. So we just kept using it like normal, and now we're out.
Okay, so the good news is that we were inside the building when it happened. That means we can shovel our way out, as there is a ceiling. It's five meters from top to bottom, and I can't imagine we could make a tunnel any narrower than a meter and a half. That's going to be slow, but we should get there.
The real digging problem is space. Where are we going to dump the potatoes? The best we can do is about five meters behind us, so we have a little bubble of space that we just sort of move through the building.
This is going to take a long time, but I'm honestly not sure what we'll run out of first. Food is covered. And they've actually got enough water in them. The oxygen is starting to get stale, though. I don't know how much is able to fit in the cracks between the potatoes.
I don't even know what to do for morale. I've told everybody that Command is probably digging from the other side, and is going to find us, but they're all depressed. This was supposed to be a 65-day mission, max.
Fredrick made a joke about the word "tuber." I don't remember exactly what. It was stupid anyways.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 70
Maybe it's because we were just melting them, but there's something none of us noticed before. The potatoes are real ugly-looking. They've got these bulges which sort of wiggle and grow, slowly. Absolutely disgusting, and they're our only meal.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 71
I hate the smell of potatoes. I'd have the vomit back, just for the smell. Fuck.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 72
It's fucking smaller. Our bubble of space is smaller and it's because of more fucking potatoes.
Our area wasn't precisely dimensioned, or anything. But Carlen was the first to mention it when we woke up, and then suddenly it's obvious to everyone. The whole area has shrunk a good ten cubic meters. What the fuck.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 73
I was paying attention today. Those ugly bulges? They actually get big fast. And when they get to be the size of a potato, they split off. That's where all of the potatoes are coming from.
Our area got even smaller today.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 74
We're running out of space and time. There's barely enough room to work any more; we're knocking elbows and shoulders while we shovel.
Fucking taters. Fucking spuds. Fucking yams. Fucking tubers. Fucking roots. I swear they'll kill me while I'm sleeping and I'll have a potato fucking stuffed down my throat.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 75
All day long Xanders whining shut the fuck up. I hate the dark too. We all hate the dark and the yellow lamps with the brown potatoes and the tasteless food we all hate it okay? OKAY?
It's not like I can yell at the team. I keep them all going. I'm the captain. Captain Wells, Potato Commander. I keep it together and vent it all in these fucking logs.
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 76
I cant breath. I cant fucking breath and theres no room to shovel fuck fuck fuck
Mission Log, Captain Wells: Day 78
I feel like I'm breathing inside someone else's lungs, who's already exhaled so there's nothing but carbon dioxide. No one can even speak while we're working.
We're dead within the week. Death by potatoes.
Concluding Statement: On 3 Nov 201█, Mission Captain Wells and Agents Ozols, Meryle, and Peterson connected with the secondary excavation team. Although they were suffering from oxygen deficiency and in a deteriorated mental state, all team members fully recovered within three weeks. Captain Wells declined to write a post-mission summary.
Preventing Cell Phone Theft through Benefit Denial
Adding a remote kill switch to cell phones would deter theft.
Here we can see how the rise of the surveillance state permeates everything about computer security. On the face of it, this is a good idea. Assuming it works -- that 1) it's not possible for thieves to resurrect phones in order to resell them, and 2) that it's not possible to turn this system into a denial-of-service attack tool -- it would deter crime. The general category of security is "benefit denial," like ink tags attached to garments in retail stores and car radios that no longer function if removed. But given what we now know, do we trust that the government wouldn't abuse this system and kill phones for other reasons? Do we trust that media companies won't kill phones it decided were sharing copyrighted materials? Do we trust that phone companies won't kill phones from delinquent customers? What might have been a straightforward security system becomes a dangerous tool of control, when you don't trust those in power.
Posted on June 28, 2013 at 1:37 PM • 25 Comments
Stone Age tools found in Crete prove man sailed the sea at least 130,000 years ago
Discovery: Archaeologists in Crete have found tools they believe prove man sailed the sea tens of thousands of years earlier than previously thought
Archaeologists have discovered a set of tools they believe prove that man sailed the sea tens of thousands of years earlier than previously thought.
Rough axes and other tools thought to be between 130,000 and 700,000 years old were found close to shelters on the south coast of the Mediterranean island of Crete.
Crete has been separated from the mainland of Greece for about five million years, so whoever made the tools must have travelled there by sea, a distance of at least 40 miles.
The previous earliest evidence was of sea travel was 60,000 years ago; in Greece it was 11,000 years ago.
The findings upset the current view that human ancestors migrated to Europe from Africa by land alone.
The Greek Culture Ministry said in a statement yesterday: 'The results of the survey not only provide evidence of sea voyages in the Mediterranean tens of thousands of years earlier than we were aware of so far, but also change our understanding of early hominids' cognitive abilities.'
The previous earliest evidence of open-sea travel in Greece dates back 11,000 years.
The tools were found during a survey of caves and rock shelters near the village of Plakias by archaeologists from the American School of Classical Studies at Athens and the Culture Ministry.
Rough axes and other tools thought to be between 130,000 and 700,000 years old were found close to shelters near the village of Plakias on the south coast of the Mediterranean island Significant: The previous earliest evidence of sea travel was 60,000 years ago, so the findings upset the current view that human ancestors migrated to Europe from Africa by land alone
MAN'S BEST INVENTIONS
Now that it appears man invented the boat long before 60,000 BC, here is a list of some other breakthrough inventions:
The Wheel - 5,000 BC
Musical Instruments - 50,000 BC
Spears - 400,000 BC
Housing - 500,000 BC
Clothing - 500,000 to 100,000 BC
How to control fire - 1,000,000 BC
Knife - 1,400,000 to 2,500,000 BC
Such rough stone implements are associated with Heidelberg Man and Homo Erectus, extinct precursors of the modern human race, which evolved from Africa about 200,000 years ago.
Maria Vlazaki, senior ministry archaeologist, said: 'Up to now we had no proof of Early Stone Age presence on Crete.'
She said it was unclear where the hominids had sailed from, or whether the settlements were permanent.
'They may have come from Africa or from the east,' she said. 'Future study should help.'
The team of archaeologists has applied for permission to conduct a more thorough excavation of the area, which Greek authorities are expected to approve later this year.
The shape of discord
Can the shape of the KitKat chocolate bar be registered as a trademark on grounds that it has acquired distinctiveness through use? What is required to prove that a trademark has acquired distinctiveness through use?
As IPKat readers will remember, these were some of the very issues that Arnold J had to address in the context of litigation between Nestlé and Cadbury over the shape of the (in)famous chocolate bar that the former had already attempted in vain to register as a UK trademark in Class 30.
The sign for which registration was sought corresponded to to the shape of Nestlé's four-finger KitKat product except that it lacked the KitKat logo embossed onto each of the fingers of the actual product.
here] , the case got back to the High Court of England and Wales with the learned judge having to apply a [noted here that has raised more than an eyebrow and looks fairly Following a reference for a preliminary ruling to the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU), the case got back to the High Court of England and Wales with the learned judge having to apply a ruling that has raised more than an eyebrow and looks fairly ambiguous . This is so particularly particularly with regard to what is needed to prove acquired distinctiveness of a trademark.
Among other things, Arnold J had asked the CJEU whether it is sufficient that a relevant proportion of the relevant class of persons recognise the mark and associate it with the applicant's goods in the sense that, if they were to consider who marketed goods bearing that mark, they would identify the applicant; or whether, instead, the application must prove that a significant proportion of the relevant class of persons rely upon the mark (as opposed to any other trademarks which may also be present) as indicating the origin of the goods.
The CJEU did not really answer said that distinctive character may be acquired through use.
In this respect ‘use of the mark as a trademark' "must be understood as referring solely to use of the mark for the purposes of the identification, by the relevant class of persons, of the goods or services as originating from a given undertaking" (para 63). It is "in consequence of such use, [that] the relevant class of persons actually perceive the goods or services, designated exclusively by the mark applied for, as originating from a given undertaking" (para 64). "[A]lthough the trademark for which registration is sought may have been used as part of a registered trademark or in conjunction with such a mark, the fact remains that, for the purposes of the registration of the mark itself, the trademark applicant must prove that that mark alone, as opposed to any other trademark which may also be present, identifies the particular undertaking from which the goods originate." (para 66)
Is this a good thing
for EU's highest judicature?
in order to obtain registration of a trademark which has acquired a distinctive character following the use which has been made of it within the meaning of Article 3(3) of Directive 2008/95, regardless of whether that use is as part of another registered trademark or in conjunction with such a mark, the trademark applicant must prove that the relevant class of persons perceive the goods or services designated exclusively by the mark applied for, as opposed to any other mark which might also be present, as originating from a particular company." (para 67) " (para 67) The CJEU concluded that "
Nestlé v Cadbury [2016] EWHC 50 (Ch)) Yesterday Arnold J gave judgment in this saga ([2016] EWHC 50 (Ch))
, and dismissed Nestlé's appeal.
WTF?!? ... Mind your language, please!
Before addressing the merits of the case, the learned judge engaged in a discussion of the CJEU reference and noted at the outset how the French and German translations of his question on acquired distinctiveness - notably the phrase "rely upon" - were not really correct.
Opinion [ discussed here and here] - Arnold J then noted how the Advocate General (AG) in this case, ie Melchior Wathelet, delivered hisin French, and the judgment itself was likely drafted in French since the rapporteur was Judge François Biltgen.
So did both the AG and CJEU answer the same wrongly translated question? Apparently so.
Reformulating questions, but did the CJEU understand them in the first place?
Arnold J then criticised the practice of the CJEU to reformulate the questions referred by national judges: "While it is understandable for the Court to do so on occasion, since experience shows that questions referred by national courts for preliminary rulings can be badly worded, in this case the question was worded with precision. The result of the Court's reformulation of the question I asked is that its answer to that question is unclear, save that it rejected the first of the two alternatives posed" (para 45).
Arnold J did not suggest that because the CJEU rejected the first alternative regarding acquired distinctiveness, it was bound to accept the second alternative. However, "If a referring court asks whether the answer to a question is A or B, the [CJEU] is perfectly entitled to say that the answer is neither A nor B, but C. After all, it is for the [CJEU] to determine issues of European law, not the referring court. The problem in the present case is that the [CJEU] has said that the answer is not A, but C. Since the Court has not explicitly addressed B, however, it is not clear whether C is different from B." (para 46)
It would seem that Arnold J had thought of referring the question again, although he concluded that there could be "no realistic prospect of a further reference yielding a materially different result" (para 48).
And now you also know what you need
to prove acquired distinctiveness
Applying the CJEU test, which is one of "because of"
Following these remarks, Arnold J deciphered the CJEU judgment and - by relying upon [no irony intended] on the AG Opinion, and the CJEU judgment at paras 64 and 67 - concluded that:
" in order to demonstrate that a sign has acquired distinctive character, the applicant or trademark proprietor must prove that, at the relevant date, a significant proportion of the relevant class of persons perceives the relevant goods or services as originating from a particular undertaking because of the sign in question (as opposed to any other trademark which may also be present)." (para 57)
The submission made by Nestlé that association is sufficient to demonstrate the acquisition of a distinctive character was thus deemed incorrect.
As such, Nestlé had failed to pass the CJEU test on acquired distinctiveness, and Arnold J confirmed that the shape of the KitKat chocolate bar, having acquired no distinctive character through use, is not eligible for registration.
Following years of controversy, private prison Operator Corrections Corporation of America, which operates Idaho's private prison, was told by a federal judge Sept. 16 that it was in contempt of court for understaffing the Idaho Correctional Center.
U.S. District Judge David Carter handed down the afternoon ruling, saying that CCA violated its contract with the State of idaho by understaffing the facility. Additionally, the judge said that CCA would be fined at a rate of $100 an hour if more than 12 hours in a month were understaffed going forward.
In April, CCA admitted that it is had falsified staffing records at the privately-run prison, thus violating CCA's contract with the State of Idaho. The admission came after an investigation by the Idaho State Police and an internal review found that correctional officers claimed that they had staffed security positions at ICC, when in fact the posts had been left vacant. Nearly 4,800 hours during a seven month-period were falsified.
In November 2012, eight inmates launched a lawsuit against CCA, alleging that the private prison operator was working with prison gangs to control the Boise facility. According to an October 2011 AP report, it ran the most violent lockup in the Gem State. AP obtained records that showed between September 2007 and September 2008 ICC had 132 inmate-on-inmate assaults, compared to just 42 at the state-run Idaho State Correctional Institution. Additionally, in 2008, ICC had more assaults than all other Idaho prisons combined, according to the AP. The complaint alleged that CCA "fosters and develops criminal gangs" at its Boise lockup. It also alleges that prison housing supervisors "ask permission from gang leaders" before moving anyone new into an empty cell.
In June of this year, a three-member Board of Correction decided not to renew its options with CCA when its current contract expires Sunday, June 30, 2014. While the State of Idaho will not submit its own bid to take over the facility, which is part of a large prison complex south of Boise, it will accept proposals from other operators.
You can read the full decision and order, handed down Monday by U.S. District Judge David Carter here:Memoranum_Decision_and_Order.pdf
Oracle Corporation is to buy Sun Microsystems for $9.50 a share in a deal valued at approximately $7.4 billion, just a few weeks after a deal by IBM to buy Sun fell apart. It looks like Oracle will pay a premium of $2.81 a share, or 42%, over Sun Micro's closing price of $6.69 a share on Friday.
Oracle said the deal is valued at $5.6 billion excluding cash and debt. Oracle is calling Sun's Java “the most important software” it has ever acquired. The deal, which is expected to close in the Summer and was unanimously approved by Sun's board of directors, has massive implications for the future openness of Java and MySQL.
As the NY Times points out, Oracle and Sun are two heavyweights that have been partners for more than 20 years, even if Oracle has been distancing itself a bit from Sun's server line in favor of competitors like HP and Dell lately because of Sun's business decline. As a result of this deal, Oracle will now become a behemoth in both the software and the hardware market, and the implications this acquisition will have on the its closest rivals and the market in general will be noticable for years to come.
The official release, with emphasis ours:
- Residents of one Tampa neighborhood got quite a sight Tuesday morning, when a black bear decided to take a rest in a tree along a residential road.
The bear took up temporary residence in a tree near the intersection of East Linebaugh Avenue and North 46th Street, close to Busch Gardens and Adventure Island.
Amos Brown lives nearby and said he woke Tuesday looking for an excuse to stay home. He never imagined that a pretty good one would land on his doorstep.
"I didn't want to go to work. I said, 'Oh God, I gotta go to work today.' It wasn't five minutes later, I hear, 'boom boom boom.' Loud knock on the door. It's the police. 'Don't come to your door, there's a bear in your backyard!' That's all I needed to hear. That's divine intervention!" Brown laughed.
He looked out of his window to see a bear making itself at home in his backyard.
"About 20 minutes later he went to the side, climbed the tree. Then, all the sudden, cameras, reporters, police. Oh my God, it was action," Brown described.
A Tampa police officer first spotted the bear running down the road around 5:30 a.m. Tuesday. After spending some time in Brown's backyard, the 250-pound bear moved toward the front of his house, settling in a nook in a tree.
Police, FWC, and a expert trapper surrounded the home, and eventually shot the bear with a tranquilizer gun. It was later relocated to the Apalachicola National Forest.
"We never have this kind of excitement before! We have a little bit, but not that much. Not that kind. That was so surprising. Wonder where he come from?" neighbor Ella Evans said.
The question of where was still up in the air Tuesday evening. Busch Gardens confirmed the bear was not theirs. Neighbors said it was quite a scare at the time, but a memory they'll soon smile over.
"I told the wife, 'give me a marker and a piece of paper. I can't go out, I can't eat, maybe they're going to send us a pizza or something.' So I put up an 'SOS' sign to let them know we're here, somebody's in here!" Brown laughed.
This is the second black bear sighting for Tampa residents in just a few days. Just last week, a Tampa Palms resident's home surveillance system spotted a black bear snacking from a bird feeder on her porch.Bear breeding season runs from June until early August.
WATCH: PM Harper and EU leaders express their appreciation to have finalized the historic trade agreement.
OTTAWA – The European Union leadership presented a united front on their trade agreement with Canada on Friday in an attempt to dampen concerns that some European countries might still scuttle the deal.
Related Ukraine parliament ratifies EU pact
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and European Council President Herman Van Rompuy stood shoulder to shoulder with Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Parliament Hill, saying that all 28 EU countries support the deal.
Barroso and Van Rompuy joined Harper to declare in writing that their five tough years of negotiations were done and to push for a speedy final ratification of the deal in Europe and among Canada's 13 provinces and territories.
They did so in face of German opposition that resurfaced in the country's parliament again on Thursday, after first rearing its head last month over the language of an investor-state dispute mechanism contained in a leaked text of the deal.
READ MORE: Free trade on the agenda as Harper hosts EU leaders
The Canadian government also released the full text of the agreement on Friday, following years of criticism that the negotiations were too secretive.
The Canadian Press has also learned there is persistent worry that two unhappy eastern European countries could still derail the deal.
Canada requires visas for travellers from Romania and Bulgaria and some diplomats fear one or both of those countries could block ratification of the agreement if the requirement is not lifted.
Barroso said that a joint declaration that he, Van Rompuy and Harper signed just minutes earlier had the full backing of every member of the EU.
“The declaration that we signed was fully backed by all of the member states of European Union, including Germany,” Barroso said.
“Until now, all the official communications we've received from Germany were absolutely in favour of this agreement. If you was very strange if it were to be otherwise because, if I may add, the country that is going to benefit the most from this agreement is, indeed, Germany.”
Harper appeared pleased by the show of support and played down the continuing opposition.
“Does that mean that in the normal process I don't expect that somebody will say change this here or give me a bit more money there?” he said.
“I expect this kind of thing will happen, but in the end we have an agreement … we have all and those we represent committed to it and we will honour those commitments.”
Almost a year ago, Harper flew to Brussels with great fanfare for a signing ceremony on a deal in principle that would face another 10 months of hard negotiating on irritants that had seemed settled.
Last October, Barroso heaped praise on Harper as a tough negotiator, in an attempt to give him political cover against opponents. On Friday, he called Canadians negotiators “extremely able and strong and determined,” eliciting laughter from the Canadian delegation seated before him.
But that was not enough to mute concern from both supporters and detractors.
Liberal trade critic Chrystia Freeland said her party supports a free-trade deal with Europe, but she's concerned by the discontent coming from some countries on the continent, especially in recent days.
“We have another photo-op without the goods being delivered,” she said.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair sided with the concerns coming out of Germany on the investor-state dispute resolution mechanism.
Like some in Germany, Mulcair said the provisions will deprive Canada of sovereignty when it comes to regulating some sectors.
“Foreign corporations will get to make determinations as to the rules regarding health,” he said.
The left-leaning Council of Canadians also denounced the deal. The group's trade campaigner Scott Harris said Friday's event showed that the two sides are “going through the motions” in the face of European opposition.
“This summit is nothing more than a face-saving effort for a lame-duck commission and a prime minister with his eyes on the 2015 federal election.”
Former Quebec premier Jean Charest, one of the early backers of the Canada-EU trade talks, said a vocal minority in the European Parliament will oppose ratification but the majority will approve the deal.
Charest said opposition in Romania and Bulgaria over the visa won't be enough to derail the final ratification.
Canada imposed the visa rule on the two countries and the Czech Republic to stop an influx of bogus refugee claimants among ethnic Roma applicants, although the Czech visa requirement ended last year.
Immigration Minister Chris Alexander has expressed concern over human smuggling and organized criminal gangs, but his office has nothing new to add on whether the visas to Romania and Bulgaria will be removed.
next Image 1 of 3
prev next Image 2 of 3
prev Image 3 of 3
A Eurosceptic, anti-immigration right-winger and his left-leaning rival are neck and neck in Austria's presidential election a day after polls closed, and officials are now counting absentee ballots to determine who will win.
Direct votes Sunday gave right-winger Norbert Hofer 51.9 percent to 48.1 percent for Alexander Van der Bellen, a Greens politician running as an independent. But final projections that include still-to-be-counted absentee ballots put each at 50 percent with Van der Bellen narrowly ahead.
About 700,000 absentee ballots — close to a sixth of total votes cast — are slated to be counted by Monday evening for a final tally.
Whoever wins, Sunday's voting has revealed a profound split over which direction the nation should now take, particularly over migration and the future of the European Union.
I'm Afraid Of The Power, What Is It Like Being In Control?
Okay, imagine this scenario. Rambo, First Blood Part 1. Rambo decides instead of being powerful and running as root, he'll run as the user account john. So he caused a bit of a ruckus in the town, and Colonel Trautman, who is running as root, contacts Rambo over the radio. He tells the lowly user john to come back to base and surrender himself. In this version, Rambo turns himself in, instead of getting to shoot that sherrif a couple times.
That's probably the worst movie ever. Do you know why Rambo is awesome? Because he ran as root. He told the Colonel that he would be making his own decision that day, and I think we can all agree it was the right one.
Do you know why Colonel Trautman couldn't save Rambo with the helicopter in First Blood Part 2?
For some reason, he thought it would be a good idea to start running in a user account. Too bad Murdock ran as root. That's why Rambo had to run as root, otherwise the command
killall commies
would get him a permission denied error. There was no time to ask Murdock for kill rights and frankly, he wasn't going to grant them.
Story highlights Tennis star marries Reddit Co-founder in New Orleans
Wedding themed on Beauty and the Beast
Beyonce & Kim Kardashian West among 250 guests
American Vogue have exclusive photo deal
(CNN) — Serena Williams' eventful year continues.
After winning the Australian Open while pregnant in January and giving birth to her first child in September, the tennis superstar has now married Reddit co-founder, Alexis Ohanian, at a star-studded wedding in New Orleans.
The couple, who first met in Rome in 2015 and announced their engagement in December last year, tied the knot on Thursday in front of around 250 guests, including some big celebrity names like Beyonce, Jay-Z, Kim Kardashian West and Eva Longoria.
American Vogue editor, Dame Anna Wintour, was also in attendance -- the magazine has an exclusive photo deal for the event so guests were not allowed to take in cell phones or cameras.
Held at the Contemporary Arts Center in New Orleans, the wedding is reported to have been themed on Disney's "Beauty and the Beast," with guests walking in to the sound of one of the movie's famous songs "Be Our Guest."
Surveying shelves filled with shrunken skulls, prosthetic legs, stuffed raccoons, vials marked "Biohazard," and a jar of gallstones, was the mounted head of an African wildebeest.
The owners nicknamed him Stanley.
July 5 was opening day of Hampden's newest store, "Bazaar: Curiosities and Oddities."
To mark the occasion, co-owners Greg Hatem, 26, a waiter in Federal Hill, and Brian Henry, 24, a photo lab technician in Belvedere Square, played a vinyl recording of cheerful German jingles from the 1970s.
"It kind of stems from our personal interest," said Hatem, explaining what drew the Waverly residents to their eclectic inventory, which also includes a "Funeral: No Parking" sign, a stuffed squirrel eating a sandwich, and several relics of medical quackery — including a "Face Rejuvenator" machine. Much of their finds came from collectors, auctions and online wholesalers.
But their biggest find was the space for rent, a former plumber's office at 3534 Chestnut Ave., at West 36th Street, The Avenue.
"It's a perfect location. I think Hampden is the perfect place for this," Hatem said.
There will be a second shared task at CoNLL 2018 in Brussels. See HERE!
Multilingual Parsing from Raw Text to Universal Dependencies
Ten years ago, two CoNLL shared tasks were a major milestone for parsing research in general and dependency parsing in particular. For the first time dependency treebanks in more than ten languages were available for learning parsers; many of them were used in follow-up work, evaluating parsers on multiple languages became a standard; and multiple state-of-the art, open-source parsers became available, facilitating production of dependency structures to be used in downstream applications. While the 2006 and 2007 tasks were extremely important in setting the scene for the following years, there were also limitations that complicated application of their results: 1. gold-standard tokenization and tags in the test data moved the tasks away from real-world scenarios, and 2. incompatible annotation schemes made cross-linguistic comparison impossible. CoNLL 2017 will pick up the threads of the pioneering tasks and address these two issues.
The focus of the 2017 task is learning syntactic dependency parsers that can work in a real-world setting, starting from raw text, and that can work over many typologically different languages, even surprise languages for which there is little or no training data, by exploiting a common syntactic annotation standard. This task has been made possible by the Universal Dependencies initiative (UD), which has developed treebanks for 40+ languages with cross-linguistically consistent annotation and recoverability of the original raw texts. For the Shared Task, the Universal Dependencies version 2 (UD v2) annotation scheme will be used.
Participants will get UD treebanks in many languages, with raw text, gold-standard sentence and word segmentation, POS tags, dependency relations, and in many cases also lemmas and morphological features. The test data will contain none of the gold-standard annotations, but baseline predicted segmentation and POS tags will be available. Labeled attachment score (LAS) will be computed for every test set, and the macro-average of the scores over all test sets will provide the main system ranking.
The test sets will include a few surprise languages. We will not provide training data for these languages, only a small sample shortly before the test phase. To succeed in parsing these languages, systems will have to employ low-resource language techniques, utilizing data from other languages.
There will be no separate open and closed tracks. Instead, we will include every system in a single track, which will be formally closed, but where the list of permitted resources is rather broad and includes large raw corpora and parallel corpora (see the Data description).
Participating systems will have to find labeled syntactic dependencies between words, i.e. a syntactic head for each word, and a label classifying the type of the dependency relation. Participants will parse raw text where no gold-standard pre-processing (tokenization, lemmas, morphology) is available. However, there are at least two open-source pipelines (UDPipe and SyntaxNet) that the participants can run instead of training their own models for any steps preceding the dependency analysis. We will even provide variants of the test data that have been preprocessed by UDPipe. We believe that this makes the task reasonably accessible.
The task is open to everyone. The organizers rely on, as is usual in large shared tasks, on the honesty of all participants who might have some prior knowledge of part of the data that will eventually be used for evaluation, not to unfairly use such knowledge. The only exception is the chair of the organizing team, who cannot submit a system, and who will serve as an authority to resolve any disputes concerning ethical issues or completeness of system descriptions.
Acknowledgments
The organization of the shared task was partially supported by the following projects:
Ireland is hogging the Brexit headlines. While some reports suggest that the UK and EU are close to a solution on the vexed question of the Irish border, still others maintain that the Democratic Unionist Party, on which Theresa May depends for her slim Commons majority, will not accept any differentiation between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom.
And yet such differentiation has to be granted if the UK government intends to square the circle it has drawn. Somehow, the UK must leave the single market and customs union while providing the Republic with the political commitment it has demanded that the intra-Irish border must remain invisible.
Much has been written and said about the tangled politics of the Irish border. Yet a couple of issues tend to get lost in the hubbub. First, while obviously the government in Dublin is hugely concerned about what happens to the intra-Ireland border, it is also arguably the most anxious among the EU27 to move on to phase two of the Brexit process and begin negotiating a close and mutually beneficial trade relationship. And for good reason. A recent report by the Irish Central Statistics Office underlines the close trading links that bind the two countries.
Ireland is simultaneously demanding that its requirements for the withdrawal phase be met while being the most anxious to proceed. And of course this is partly because of fears related to a violent sectarian past. But a focus on this has shifted attention from the variety of more mundane, yet equally important factors militating in favour of continued regulatory alignment between the north and south of the island. Simply put, divergence would impact on people's lives in a variety of different ways.
Throughout last summer, British, Irish and EU officials undertook a detailed “mapping” exercise intended to examine all the areas of north-south co-operation which would be affected by Brexit. They identified more than 140 such areas. The exercise has served to underline the serious challenges posed by any regulatory divergence between the Republic and the North.
Healthcare is one area that stands to be profoundly affected. Joint membership of the single market ensures single standards for medical devices, mutual recognition of medical qualifications, mutual acceptance of cross border ambulance activity and so on. Patients on the island of Ireland can fill prescriptions written by doctors on one side of the border in pharmacies on the other side of the border. But for this to happen, doctors and pharmacists need to be working to the same standards and need to know medicines are approved in both the North and South. The EU provides the legislative framework to make this possible. Continued regulatory harmonisation is the only way to ensure it continues to be so.
Likewise, when it comes to agriculture, above and beyond the questions about trade and tariffs that dominate public debate, the single market and common rules are crucial. So, for instance, authorities on both sides of the border co-operate closely when it comes to managing the risks associated with animal health. For example, they meet regularly to work on contingency planning in case of an outbreak. This co-operation happens through the North South Ministerial Council working groups and is based on provisions and conditions laid down in EU legislation. Removing this framework from Northern Ireland would not only impose a border, and make co-operation more complex, but would increase the risk of an outbreak of disease.
Transport, too, would be massively affected by regulatory divergence. A variety of bus services cross the border on a regular basis. Services scheduled by Bus Éireann, Translink and other private operators, services going from Donegal to Scotland which collect passengers in Northern Ireland, local operators bringing children to school, tour buses and privately hired buses all benefit from the common regulations that exist. Bus services that cross the border do so easily because the services are regulated at an EU level. EU legislation ensures that bus services comply with the same vehicle safety standards, driver hour regulations and other safety measures. It also enables authorities on both sides of the border to harmonise co-operation in enforcing safety measures. Removing this framework would hinder the ability of services to operate across the border, adding additional complexity and burdens, undermining confidence in the safety of services, and reducing the ability of authorities to ensure that all adhere to high safety standards. Ultimately, of course, it would be ordinary passengers who would suffer.
And finally, consider energy. Consumers on the island of Ireland benefit from the existence of a wholesale single electricity market, with all of the economic and social benefits that come with that. The single electricity market is an integrated wholesale electricity supply system built entirely upon binding EU legislation and policies. If it unravels because Northern Ireland no longer applies EU legislation, the electricity supply market on the island will fracture. If nothing else, the loss of efficiencies of scale implies that electricity will become more expensive for consumers.
So the Irish border question is not simply about sectarianism. Nor, indeed, is it all about tariffs. It is also about rules, and the impact those rules have on ordinary people on both sides of the border. These citizens live in a world in which the existence of the same regulatory framework shapes numerous aspects of their daily lives.
Obviously, ensuring an absence of regulatory divergence will be challenging. The political problems are all too familiar, but they are not the only ones. There will also be issues around Northern Ireland's place in the UK's own internal market (and whether, for instance, the terms of new UK trade deals dealing with, say, chlorinated chicken will apply to the province).
Whatever path is chosen will be problematic. But don't expect Dublin to stop demanding some certainty about the lives of its citizens, however much it also wants to move on to talks about trade.
Anand Menon is the director of The UK in a Changing Europe and professor of European Politics and Foreign Affairs, King's College London
A South Carolina man accused of holding a woman chained inside a storage container was denied bond Sunday after investigators say he also confessed to an unsolved quadruple murder that happened 13 years ago.
Authorities have charged Todd Kohlhepp, 45, with four counts of murder in the deaths of four people in 2003 at the Superbike Motorsports motorcycle shop in Chesnee, South Carolina. His alleged role in those killings was uncovered, authorities said, after the woman was found last week in a locked metal container on Kohlhepp's property in rural Woodruff.
BODY FOUND ON RURAL SC PROPERTY IS BOYFRIEND OF WOMAN FOUND CHAINED IN STORAGE CONTAINER
Kohlhepp's arrest has put to rest for local law enforcement and the families of the victims a mystery that has haunted them for more than a decade.
"We got 'em today. We got 'em today. I'm rejoicing that this community can know that four people who were brutally murdered, there's no wondering about it anymore," Sheriff Chuck Wright said late Saturday night.
BODY OF MISSING 10-YEAR-OLD TEXAS GIRL BELIEVED FOUND, AUTHORITIES SAY
Kohlhepp is also charged with the woman's kidnapping, and prosecutors say more charges are expected.
A Spartanburg County Sheriff's investigative report says Kohlhepp "confessed to investigators that he shot and killed" the owner, service manager, mechanic and bookkeeper of the motorcycle shop. "Kohlhepp gave details ... that only the killer would know," the report says.
Authorities say Kohlhepp is a suspect in at least three other deaths.
Kohlhepp appeared before Magistrate Judge Jimmy Henson on Sunday for the brief bond hearing on the four murder counts. The issue of bond could be taken up by a circuit court later.
Wearing an orange jumpsuit, Kohlhepp declined to make a statement when offered the chance.
After Kohlhepp left the courtroom, Henson addressed the victims' families, saying, "What you've gone through ... is beyond what a lot of people would understand."
Wright says Kohlhepp also showed law enforcement officers Saturday where he says he buried two other victims on his 95-acre property near Woodruff. Wright said there could be more bodies.
Those are in addition to the body found Friday at the site. Authorities identified that victim as 32-year-old Charles Carver, the boyfriend of the woman found Thursday. Carver died of multiple gunshot wounds.
Carver and the woman went missing around Aug. 31, and their last known cellphone signals led authorities to the property. The Associated Press is not naming the woman because the suspect is a sex offender, though authorities have not said whether she was sexually assaulted.
The wife of one of the 2003 victims said detectives told her Kohlhepp was an angry customer who had been in the shop several times.
Melissa Ponder said that she had resigned herself to her husband Scott's death remaining unsolved -- until she got a phone call Saturday evening from detectives.
"He knew too much about the crime scene," Ponder said of Kohlhepp's account to detectives. "He knew everything."
"It isn't closure, but it is an answer," Ponder said by phone. "And I am thankful for that."
The parents of another 2003 victim, 29-year-old service manager Brian Lucas, came to Spartanburg for the hearing on Sunday, the 13th anniversary of the killings.
Standing with his wife before the hearing, Tom Lucas said he wanted to be in court to look the man accused of killing his son in the eye.
"We want to see the face. I want to look at him, and I want to try to use that in healing," he said.
Lorraine Lucas said she started counseling sessions several weeks ago to prepare herself in case a suspect was ever arrested.
"I needed to be prepared for when they do make an arrest, so we can accept what happened," she said.
Another grieving relative who came to the hearing, Terry Guy, was Scott Ponder's stepfather and the husband of another victim. Guy said Kohlhepp's arrest means relatives of the victims can now finally be at peace.
"I'm just so relieved," Guy said.
Henson, the magistrate judge, told the family members that they would have a chance later to address Kohlhepp in court.
"When it comes your time to speak to that defendant, speak from the heart," he said. "You have something to say. You've been waiting 13 years to say it."
Before Kohlhepp emerged as a suspect, investigators have said all four victims were killed with the same 9 mm pistol. They have theorized that the killer came in the back, perhaps through an open garage door, and killed mechanic Chris Sherbert, 26, as he worked. Bookkeeper Beverly Guy, 52, was found just outside the bathroom in the middle of the showroom.
Thirty-year-old shop owner Scott Ponder was found just outside the door in the parking lot. He was Guy's son. Brian Lucas was in the doorway.
Kohlhepp was released from prison in Arizona in 2001. As a teenager, he was convicted of raping a 14-year-old neighbor at gunpoint and threatening to kill her siblings if she called police. Kohlhepp had to register as a sex offender.
But that didn't stop him from getting a South Carolina real estate license in 2006 and building a firm.
Wright said "it's strange" that Kohlhepp managed the pretext of a normal life for so long.
You are here: Home
China will maintain strong growth in consumption this year with deepening supply-side structural reform, Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng said Tuesday.
A foreigner buys vegetables in a food market in Beijing's Chaoyang District on Jan. 26, 2017. [Photo/Xinhua]
The trend will persist between 2016 and 2020 and feature more online retail sales and consumption of more quality goods and services, he said at a news conference, citing stellar growth in these sectors.
Retail sales, a key indicator of consumption, have been growing at double-digit rates annually for years, he said, adding e-commerce has facilitated the spike in consumption.
The volume of online retail sales rose 26.2 percent to hit 5.2 trillion yuan (755.3 billion U.S. dollars) in 2016 over the previous year, he said.
Consumption is shifting gears with Chinese consumers buying more expensive and premium products.
Over 28 million automobiles were sold in China last year, up 13.7 percent year on year, while new-energy vehicles posted growth of 53 percent, he said.
Consumption of services is growing faster than that of goods thanks to rapid expansion in sectors such as catering, housekeeping and care, he added.
Consumption has become the primary driver of China's economy since 2014, contributing 64.6 percent to China's GDP growth in 2016, up 4.9 percentage points than in 2015, Gao said.
The ongoing supply-side reform will narrow the discrepancy between the supply of goods and services and shifting market demands, unlocking more potential.
Retail sales of consumer goods are expected to jump by 10.2 percent year on year to exceed 37 trillion yuan in 2017, contributing more than 70 percent of the country's economic growth, according to an earlier report issued by the China General Chamber of Commerce.
In 2017, China will forge ahead with the supply-side structural reform by improving the supply structure and consumption environment, the minister said.
Mike Bird posted on his blog Euangelion about a couple of my recent posts. Having addressed the first theme, inerrancy, in yesterday's post, this one turns to the question of penal substitution. Since Mike asked specifically about Galatians 3:13 and Romans 8:3, I will make them the central focus of this post.
Galatians 3:13 is a fascinating text, and commentators have put a lot of effort into trying to make sense of it. Rather than reproduce such discussion in full here, let me skip right to the conclusions, and we can return to the steps that led there later if there is interest.
It seems to be an error to read this text individualistically. If one reads the Torah as though it were pronouncing a curse on every individual who fails to keep every single commandment, without offering the possibility for forgiveness or atonement within the context of that same Law, then one ends up either with a great deal of confusion and/or a view that doesn't quite fit the texts themselves. And so I am inclined to see in the background (following other scholars, such as in particular N. T. Wright) the fact that the curse which the Torah warned of was a curse on the nation, not each individual, and the fullest culmination of that curse was exile. Many Jews understood themselves to be in an ongoing state of exile in the first century. And what could reflect and express that curse more poignantly than the Messiah, expected to rescue the people from bondage and exile, being crucified by the foreign rulers who were themselves viewed as an expression of that ongoing exilic state? It seems that early Christians viewed Jesus' death as the Messiah embracing the exile as God's righteous judgment on his people, and by embracing it and experiencing it, bringing that stage in salvation history to an end.
There definitely is an element of exchange or interchange in the process as Paul and presumably other early Christians understood it. But I don't think they understood this in terms of penal substitution, where this represented a legal transaction in which the innocent suffers and the guilty goes free. For one thing, the reality was much more complicated, and neither the end of Roman rule nor the final ingathering of the scattered Israelites immediately occured. But more importantly, those who wished to experience the end of exile presumably had to join with Jesus in submitting to it as God's righteous judgment on his people, and did not simply believe Jesus had ended it and then immediately experience an end to foreign rule or the full dawning of the kingdom of God. The death of Jesus was understood to bring one into eschatological tension, rather than resolving it, in ways that we'll explore in the next passage.
Regarding Romans 8:3, it is important to get the full sentence at least by reading Romans 8:3-4. Paul uses a shared inherited language of sacrifice as a way of referring to Jesus' death, but inserting that metaphor simply puzzles those of us who have never slaughtered an animal, much less offered its blood to purify a sanctuary. That metaphor seems to have clarified things for Paul and his readers, but for us it is just another thing that requires explanation.
If we look at the clues Paul gives us of how he spelled out the workings of Jesus' death as a salvific event, the key element seems to be not substitution, much less penal substitution, but participation. My favorite verse illustrating this is 2 Corinthians 5:14-15 . If Paul had thought in terms of substitution, we might have expected him to say “One died for all, because all should have died, but the one who died saved those who live from death.” Instead, Paul says that “one died for all, and therefore all died.” Presumably this is to be interpreted in connection with his language of being crucified with Christ – even going so far as to coin terms, akin to “co-crucified with Christ.” Paul seems to have thought of Jesus' death and resurrection in terms of his dying and leaving the present age, and by being raised as the firstfruit of the final resurrection, Jesus was believed to have entered and inaugurated the age to come. And so those who are united with him in his death were likewise thought to have been set free from the powers of the present age, and to have begun to participate in anticipatory fashion in the power of the age to come.
Romans 8:3 seems to me to make sense against that background. Paul uses traditional language of sacrifice (the meaning or connotations of which depend on what one thinks sacrifice was for, and if necessary I'll offer a further post on Leviticus!). But the focus for Paul seems to be the interchange that he spells out in more detail elsewhere. The death of the Son brings those united with him into the realm of the Spirit, so that we can begin already to share, albeit not yet fully, in the life of the age to come that Jesus has begun to live. Flesh and Spirit here seem to be focused less on either an anthropological division of humans into different components, or a vertical contrast between earth and heaven, and more on an eschatological contrast between the life of the present age and that of the age to come.
Obviously much of what I've written above could be clarified and spelled out in more detail. And many points connect with the “corrective” view that Mike himself mentions in his post. But I actually think these texts make more sense if one removes penal substitution from the picture altogether. Salvation for Paul is not a transaction, whether the metaphor is legal or commercial. It involves the transfer of believers from one kingdom provisionally into another, in a way that doesn't simply “wipe the slate clean” or let the guilty go free, but Paul believed offered life-transforming power. And it is the fact that the latter is at best an afterthought in penal substitutionary models of the atonement that places it at odds with not only Paul but the New Testament as a whole.
Oct 24, 2016 | By Alec
It looks like one of the biggest deals in the 3D printing market is about to fail, with the GE's tender offer deadline for the takeover of SLM Solutions set to be reached today. The acquisition offer, which was first announced in September, previously put metal 3D printing in the spotlight and sent ripples through the 3D printing market. For Industrial world leader General Electric made an unexpected offer of a combined $1.4 billion to take over two of the driving forces behind metal 3D printing, Arcam AB and SLM Solutions.
While just the announcement made share prices rise throughout the industry, the opposite can be expected now that the SLM deal is off the table. Late last week, with the deadline in sight, the Elliot Management hedge fund of billionaire investor Paul Singer (who owns 20 percent of SLM shares) revealed to be opposing the takeover. GE, meanwhile, did not want the change the terms of the deal. If GE cannot reach an agreement with shareholders, the company would be willing to walk away from the deal, GE Chief Financial Officer Jeff Bornstein said. “We have other options.” What's more, the Arcam deal might be not be concluded either, as Singer owns shares in that company as well.
In the immediate aftermath of Singer's opposition, shares in SLM Solutions already fell a sharp 11 percent. As Singer's Elliott Management said on Thursday, GE's offer is “not in the best interests of SLM shareholders”, adding that it undervalued the company and that they would therefore not accept. GE reportedly offered to purchase SLM for €38 per share, representing a premium to their trading price of 37 percent. So far, about 34 percent of shares were already tendered, including those of main shareholder and SLM chairman Hans-Joachim Ihde, with 75 percent being necessary to complete the deal. This left Elliot, as a second-largest stakeholder with 20 percent of all shares, in an excellent position for opposition.
Singer's Elliot Management has built up a reputation for investing in acquisition targets and subsequently holding out for a better price during takeover bids. The same recently happened when Canon was interested in taking over more shares in Axis Communications AB, and Elliot also initially refused to tender its stake in Industrial & Financial Systems IFS AB to EQT Partners AB. In the latter case, they succeeded in raising the offer by about nine percent.
So what will happen now? In response to the opposition, GE could opt to extend the tender deadline offer beyond today, or change its terms. But they already said on Friday that they would do no such thing, and the 11 percent drop in SLM shares suggests that investors believe that GE will not take over the company. “GE is making clear they are not willing to pay more and prolong the acceptance period,” said Thomas Effler, analyst at BHF-Bank Aktiengesellschaft.
The takeover plans itself were aimed at boosting GE's position to integrate new manufacturing innovations, and revealed that the company saw metal 3D printing as a strategic priority. “GE expects to grow its new additive manufacturing business to $1bn of sales ‘at attractive returns' by 2020,” industry analysts from Credit Suisse said at the time of GE's bid announcement. Both SLM Solutions and Arcam were optimistic about GE's combined $1.4 billion plans, saying that the takeover featured an attractive premium and would boost the development of both companies.
GE is particularly focused on aerospace and aircraft 3D printing applications, with the two companies representing a lion's share in 3D printing efforts in those sectors. Through the acquisition, GE said, they would be able to 3D print complex metal parts at lower weights and lower costs than traditionally used components. “Eventually, companies here are going to hit escape velocity in terms of scale,” GE Chief Executive Jeff Immelt had told investors back in September “We want to be one of the companies that does that.”
GE, however, is not giving up on metal 3D printing – despite refusing to raise its price for SLM Solutions. “We and the leadership at SLM think the offer we put on the table was a very good offer,” Bornstein said of the situation. “We have options and alternatives. We don't have to do SLM. We'd like to. We like the company, we like the technology, we like the people.” Bornstein further referred to GE's falling share prices, which reduced the company's value to $742.49 million.
Of course one of those alternatives is already being pursued with Arcam, but the same problem has arisen there. GE already chose to extend the Arcam tendering offer period, after failing to find a sufficient Arcam shareholders willing to accept the offer – only about 40 percent were on board. Initially expiring on 14 October, that period has been extended to November 1. But Elliot Management has also taken a 10.14 percent stake in Arcam, and the same kind of opposition can be expected. But GE has already said that they also have their eye on alternatives to Arcam, so one thing seems certain: GE is not about to give up on their plans to become a world leader in metal 3D printing.
Posted in 3D Printer Company
Maybe you also like:
The U.S. unemployment rate is down, but that is because many Americans have given up or -- better yet -- are struggling to find full-time work.
Dean Baker, an economist with the Center for Economic Policy Research in Washington, said Friday that the decline in U.S. labor force participation in this recent data release was "striking."
"We know that a lot more people in their prime working years are opting to neither work nor look for work," Baker told me. "Unless they have suddenly gotten an aversion to work or had some conversion so that they no longer value material things, they likely have given up looking for work because they don't see any jobs out there."
The unemployment rate has dropped more than 40% of the way back to its pre-recession level, but the employment-to-population ratio is closer to its trough than its pre-recession peak. In English: fewer Americans are looking for employment.
While women have fared better than men in the job market, this is mostly because they did not take the same hit to employment at the start of the downturn in late 2008 early 2009, Baker said today.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported unemployment fell to 7.7% from 7.9%, but the drop was at least partially attributable to a decline in labor force participation, Baker says. The employment-to-population ratio (EPOP) was unchanged at 58.6 percent, exactly the same as the rate in February of 2012 and just 0.4 percentage points above the low hit in the summer of 2011. This compares with an EPOP of 63.0 percent in 2007, pre-crisis.
Friday employment numbers were much better than economists' expectations, but the numbers still show a weak job market four years into the economic recovery.
"This shows the depth of the recent employment recession - worse than any other post-war recession - and the relatively slow recovery due to the lingering effects of the housing bust and financial crisis," writes Bill McBride of Calculated Risk. McBride also noted that the participation rate was well below the 66% to 67% rate that was normal over the last 20 years, although he pointed out that part of that decline is due to demographics.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics data show workers remain discouraged and many are unable to find full time employment, or have given up trying to.
Those numbers are only marginally better over the course of the last four months. The U-6 number under the BLS' "Alternative Measures of Labor Underutilization" measures persons marginally attached to the workforce. That number is 14.3%, down from 14.4% in January and a much higher 15.6% last February.
See: Payrolls Rise As U.S. Jobless Rate Hits Four Year Low -- Bloomberg
It's Dec. 2008 In U.S. Labor Markets -- CNN Money
Also on Forbes:
With California gripped by a measles outbreak, Dr. Charles Goodman posted a clear notice in his waiting room and on Facebook: His practice will no longer see children whose parents won't get them vaccinated.
"Parents who choose not to give measles shots, they're not just putting their kids at risk, but they're also putting other kids at risk — especially kids in my waiting room," the Los Angeles pediatrician said.
It's a sentiment echoed by a small number of doctors who in recent years have "fired" patients who continue to believe debunked research linking vaccines to autism. They hope the strategy will lead parents to change their minds; if that fails, they hope it will at least reduce the risk to other children in the office.
The tough-love approach — which comes amid the second-biggest measles outbreak in the U.S. at least 15 years, with at least 98 cases reported since last month — raises questions about doctors' ethical responsibilities. Most of the measles cases have been traced directly or indirectly to Disneyland in Southern California.
The American Academy of Pediatrics says doctors should bring up the importance of vaccinations during visits but should respect a parent's wishes unless there's a significant risk to the child.
"In general, pediatricians should avoid discharging patients from their practices solely because a parent refuses to immunize his or her child," according to guidelines issued by the group.
The Canadian Paediatric Society also recommends physicians "not dismiss children from your practice because parents refuse to immunize."
However, if the relationship between patient and doctor becomes unworkable, the U.S. pediatrics academy says, the doctor may want to encourage the vaccine refuser to go to another physician.
Some mothers who have been dropped by their doctors feel "betrayed and upset," said Dotty Hagmier, founder of the support group Moms in Charge. She said these parents made up their minds about vaccines after "careful research and diligence to understand the risks versus the benefits for their own children's circumstances."
Dropping patients who refuse vaccines has become a hot topic of discussion on SERMO, an online doctor hangout. Some doctors are adamant about not accepting patients who don't believe in vaccinations, with some saying they don't want to be responsible for someone's death from an illness that was preventable.
Dr. Charles Goodman says parents who choose not to give measles put the children in his waiting room at risk. (The Associated Press)
Others warn that refusing treatment to such people will just send them into the arms of quacks.
The measles-mumps-rubella vaccine, or MMR, is 97 per cent effective at preventing measles, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Measles spreads easily through the air and in enclosed spaces. Symptoms include fever, runny nose, cough and a rash all over the body. In rare cases, particularly among babies, measles can be deadly. Infection can also cause pregnant women to miscarry or give birth prematurely.
All states require children to get certain vaccinations to enrol in school. California is among 20 states that let parents opt out by obtaining personal belief waivers. Some people worry that vaccines cause developmental problems, despite scientific evidence disproving any link. Others object for religious or philosophical reasons.
Nationally, childhood measles vaccination rates have held steady for years at above 90 per cent. But there seem to be growing pockets of unvaccinated people in scattered communities, said Dr. Gregory Wallace of the CDC.
In recent years, nearly all U.S. measles cases have been linked to travellers who caught the virus abroad and spread it in this country among unvaccinated people.
Northern California's Marin County has a high rate of people claiming personal belief exemptions. In 2012, Dr. Nelson Branco and his partners at a Marin County practice started turning away toddlers whose parents refused to make sure they received the measles vaccine.
Branco said 10 to 20 of his practice's 8,000 or so patients left after the change.
Vaccines "can be spooky for parents," Branco said. But "in the end, we have the science. We have the experience that it's the right thing to do."
In contrast to the increasingly privatized space race in the U.S. (given the current budget cuts at NASA, commercial venues may be the way of the future), Russia's designs will safely rest in the hands of the state.
All that is about to change once Russia establishes its domestic “market for cosmic services.” If it sounds like a line from a 1960s flick, this is the intended effect. A massive space-age revival is under way, sans sentimentality this time around. A new extra-heavy carrier rocket, Russia's Federal Space Agency Roscosmos reports , will eventually serve the mission, along with two new satellites and lunar rovers. Notably, the launches will originate at the brand new Vostochny cosmodrome, designed to ensure the country's independent access to space and currently under construction. By 2030, a lunar base should be ready.
Of course, the “conquest” (including expanded communications, defense, and resource prospecting networks), Rogozin notes, will not happen overnight. The wait has to do with “the childhood disease of political self-determination,” which Ukrainians and Kazakhs apparently contracted in 1991, when the Soviet Union fell apart. As a result, Baikonur, the world's pioneering space launch outfit, was stranded in Kazakhstan. Many electronics and rocket parts factories stayed behind in Ukraine. These two countries, in Rogozin's not-so-subtle rant, are to blame for the decline of native cosmonautics. Sadly, Russia's subsequent 20-year-long space stagnation, when “nobody thought about either new rockets or orbital stations,” hardly helped.
The push into space first appears to be a jarring break with the territorial logic of “internal colonization.” But as we will see, they are two sides of the same coin. Indeed, Russia thinks of its history as “undivided and continuous,” the State Duma Chairman Sergey Naryshkin asserted on April 10. With the exception of the Sochi Olympics opening ceremony , that is, which omitted this history's unpalatable bits.
But now that those stars and stripes have faded to white: Establishing a “permanent foothold” on the Moon is Russia's next objective. In a programmatic article published in Rossiyskaya Gazeta (the Kremlin's mouthpiece) on April 11, Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin announced that Russia had completed the theoretical phase of space exploration. It is now ready to put all that knowledge to use — that is, to colonize and exploit. “Cosmic romanticism,” in Rogozin's words, gives way to “earthly pragmatism.” In Moscow, “Papa, Please Get the Moon for Me” may become more than a children's classic soon enough.
In recent months, “ internal colonization ” — as the prominent Cambridge University scholar Alexander Etkind called it — got a new ticket to life. The notion of the “ near abroad ” — say, Ukraine or Moldova, still interpreted by Vladimir Putin as Russia's sphere of influence — could be easily manipulated to fit the country's imperial profile. A similar case could be made for adjacent Finland and even the Arctic , which Putin, many say, has been eying possessively. The Moon, on the other hand, is a completely different story. It neither borders Russia nor comes with a substantial Russian minority. What is more, it has a vexing history of stars and stripes flying over it.
Faraway lands and lengthy sea voyages were the hallmarks of the French and British imperial ambitions back in the day. Historically, Russia could not be more different. To capture natural resources, this empire expanded to contiguous territories and colonized them from within.
But why would residents of a country where 23 percent of the population live below the poverty line support the exorbitantly expensive program, skeptics may wonder? There is more than one answer. As stunned Russian sociologists discovered, many of their compatriots have grown accustomed to modest income and prefer its stability to the risk of change. Besides, wealth is strongly associated with criminality and Western materialism, both reprehensible. Of course, there are dissenting voices — in the oppositional Novaya Gazeta, a slew of sarcastic comments accompanied the summary of Rogozin's statements. But for most, longing for autarchy and international prestige outrank more mundane concerns — and ideologues like Rogozin sing to their tune.
Space colonies were once a dream of Konstantin Tsiolkovsky — the founder of cosmonautics, whose legacy is housed in a cozy museum in provincial Kaluga, about 100 miles southwest of Moscow, where I visited every summer as a child. But Rogozin's pronouncements share little with Tsiolkovsky's humanist and internationalist vision — they are both expansively imperialist and narrowly nationalist. Their explicit emphasis on Russians also sets them apart from the socialist era's extraterrestrial exploits, conducted in the name of “the Soviet people.”
To strive for space, it turns out, is uniquely the Russian man's burden, to paraphrase Rudyard Kipling's take on the colonial civilizing mission. “Our country,” Rogozin explains, “has been fated to become a great cosmic power from the very inception of its statehood. This has been predetermined by the national character of the Russian people, used to thinking in global categories and ready to sacrifice the everyday for an idea.” “Russian cosmos” is thus tantamount not solely to the global importance of the country's space research and industry. It is “the question of Russian identity, a synonym of the Russian world. Therefore Russia cannot live without space, cannot dampen its dreams of conquering the unknown that so beckons the Russian soul.”
This metaphysical stance is but an extension of the grand narrative that is Russian history. On April 7, Vyacheslav Nikonov, a State Duma deputy and Head of the Education Committee, mapped the destiny to which Rogozin alludes:
Our Fatherland has a great past. A branch of an Arian tribe descended from the Carpathians and peacefully settled the Russian plain, Siberia, the coldest part of the planet, reached the Pacific Ocean, founded Fort Ross, absorbed the sap of the richest cultures of Byzantium, Europe, Asia, defeated the humankind's deadliest enemy — Nazism, and paved the way into space.
The present moment, it follows, is all about crafting a great future for textbooks to come. The American approach seems rather more low-key by comparison. Following its upcoming $30-million remodeling, the Milestones of Flight gallery at the Smithsonian Institution's Air and Space Museum will retell the past to “inspire future innovations” — not craft the future itself. But Russia's new space race looks all the more competitive now that NASA partially suspended its collaboration with Russia over Crimea's annexation in mid-March.
And that is the thing: Russia's latest iteration of “internal colonialism” in Crimea and the impending violation of this centuries-old model on the Moon may strike us as a paradox or inconsistency. In reality, they are mutually dependent: One fed the other. A sharp spike in cosmic euphoria followed Russia's success on the Ukrainian peninsula. In a late-March poll, 46 percent of Russians stated that their country is the unequivocal leader in space exploration (the U.S. received only 21 percent of the votes). This is a dramatic surge compared to 2013, when Russia lead with only 35 percent, and the U.S. came in as a close second with 31 percent. Currently, as many as 42 percent of the respondents support their country's expansion in space.
It is then small wonder that Rogozin does not stop at the Moon — a mere launching pad for the exploration of “Mars and other objects in the solar system.” And in Russia, there is no shortage of dreamers. On April 8, cosmonaut Alexander Misurkin lobbied in the media to push past the orbital boundaries. It is a good thing that people like Misurkin still believe in cooperation: in outer space, they may rub shoulders with an international team of private settlers, who aspire to found a colony on Mars by 2015. Star wars look better on screens.
“The warthogs deliberately lie down when the mongooses are around and lift their legs to allow access to the ticks,” said Dr. Andrew Plumptre, Director for the Wildlife Conservation Society's Albertine Rift Program, who is author of a scientific paper describing this unique behavior in the journal Suiform Soundings.
The banded mongoose (Mungos mungo) is a cat-like carnivore native to Africa.
It is considered a small mongoose, as adults reach 1.8 to 2 feet (0.55 – 0.6 m) in total body length. Tail length is usually about half the length of the head and body.
According to experts from the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the species is widely distributed in sub-Saharan Africa from Senegal and Gambia to Ethiopia, Eritrea and Somalia, and south to about 31 degrees in South Africa.
Although fairly widespread in southern Africa, the species appears to be rare in West Africa, and it has not been recorded from several countries including Ghana, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Niger.
It occurs in a wide range of habitats, but primarily found in savanna and woodland, usually close to water, and absent from desert, semi-desert and montane regions. It is often found in habitats containing termitaria, which are used as den sites.
The banded mongoose diet includes a variety of invertebrate material (insects, snails), small reptiles, the eggs and young of ground-nesting birds, and wild fruits.
The common warthog (Phacochoerus africanus) is a large species of pig found in Africa.
It is widely distributed in sub-Saharan Africa, occurring in scattered populations in West Africa eastwards to Ethiopia and then southwards in protected areas and unsettled, or very lightly settled, areas in East and southern Africa.
It is confined to moist and dry African savanna grasslands, open bushlands and woodlands, usually within range of perennial surface water.
The species can grow up to 5 feet (1.52 m) in length and is characterized by a pair of tusks, which the warthog uses for both digging and defense.
The warthog-mongoose encounter is a rare example of mammals exhibiting a symbiotic relationship called mutualism, where two animal species form a partnership with benefits for both groups.
“Such partnerships between different mammal species are rare, and this particular interaction illustrates a great deal of trust between participants,” Dr. Plumptre said.
“It makes you wonder what else may be happening between species that we don't see because, in order to see it, both species need to be unafraid of people.”
A BBC video of the grooming can be seen at http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/life/Warthog#p006gjbr
The “traditional method” of making sparkling wine, so famously popularised through Champagne, has found emulation in many other regions of Europe and the New World. Indeed, some regions of France lay claim to a history of making sparkling wine in the traditional method that precedes the Champenois. In this post, I outline the major traditional method winemaking regions of Europe – excluding Champagne – with wines from the New World to follow in a second post.
Crémants of France
The term “crémant” classically refered to a sparkling wine with a lower pressure (3.6 to 4.0 atmospheres) than what we now find in champagne (typically 5.0 to 6.0 atm). In 1994 a deal was struck between the CIVC (governing body for Champagne) and the Crémant AOC bodies that restricted use of the term “crémant” to wines from a Crémant AOC region. In return, the Crémant AOC bodies agreed not to use the term “méthode champenoise” on their wines. Today, “crémant” refers only to the name of the wine region from which a wine originates, and not to the pressure level at all. The regions described here all make wines in a manner very similar to those in Champagne, including pressure levels. The main differences are the choice of grapes used, the allowed yields when harvesting and pressing, the time the wine spends on lees, and of course the regional differences in climate and terroir.
Crémant d'Alsace AOC
Alsace is France's second-largest sparkling wine producer by volume; production in recent years has been around the 30 million bottle mark, thus about one-tenth of that produced in Champagne. The maximum yields allowed are the highest in France – currently 80hl/ha, although this figure can be adjusted by the INAO on a vintage-by-vintage basis. 100l of must is pressed from 150kg grapes and the grapes must be in whole bunches, which necessitates hand-harvesting. The wine must age for at least 9 months on the lees. Permitted grapes are Pinots Blanc, Gris and Noir, Riesling, Auxerrois and Chardonnay. The latter is interesting as Chardonnay is not permitted for making still wine in Alsace. Rosé wines must receive their colour from Pinot Noir. Gewurztraminer and Muscat are not permitted for crémant production as they are considered too aromatic. Wines are typically dominated by the rather neutral Pinot Blanc, although the better examples will include Chardonnay, Pinot Noir or Pinot Gris. The presence of Riesling dramatically alters the aromatic profile of the wine.
Crémant d'Bourgogne AOC
While Burgundy produces roughly two-thirds the volume of sparkling wine of Alsace, it is generally more visible on the export market. Sparkling wine can be made anywhere in Burgundy (excluding Beaujolais) although there are a number of regional centres: Auxerre and Châtillon-sure-Seine in the north, and Rully further south in the Côte Chalonnaise. Permitted grapes are Chardonnay, Pinots Noir, Blanc and Gris, Aligoté, Melon de Bourgogne and Sacy. A maximum of 20% Gamay may also be used. In practice, Chardonnay and Aligoté are used, especially for white wines. Rosé is also allowed, with the red colour typically coming from Pinot Noir and/or Gamay. Permitted yields are lower than Alsace at 65hl/ha, but again, 100l of juice is pressed from 150kg grapes, whole bunches are used, and the wine must spend at least 9 months ageing on lees. The character of Crémant de Bourgogne depends on the final blend and the location of the vineyards. Wines of the north are typically tauter and more lean that the more generous, round offerings of the south.
Crémant de Loire AOC and Saumur Mousseux AOC
Sparkling production for these two AOCs is centred around the area of Anjou-Saumur, although Crémant de Loire also spreads into Touraine. As such, there is some overlap between the two regions, with producers around Saumur able to choose which appellation their wine fits into. The climate here is mostly cool continental, with some moderating influence from the Atlantic and the presence of the various rivers of the region.
Crémant de Loire is considered to be the higher quality region. There is no prescription on grape variety percentages and any grapes permitted in the Loire may be used for both white and rosé sparklings, except Sauvignon Blanc, which is considered too aromatic. Thus the better quality wines will consist primarily of Chardonnay, possibly with Cabernet Franc, Pinot Noir and Chenin Blanc. Permitted maximum yields change on an annual basis depending on the INAO regulations, though they are typically high – over 70hl/ha (they were 50hl/ha prior to 2007). Pressing level is 100l/150kg and whole bunches must be used. The wine must be aged for 12 months on lees. Typical production volumes are around 8 million bottles/year.
Saumur Mousseux AOC, while not a crémant in name, still produces fully-sparkling wines made by the traditional method. The production depends somewhat on the success of the vintage for still wine production, which fetches a higher price: sparkling in Saumur thus plays second fiddle to the still wines. As such, Saumur wines are considered to be of lower quality on average than Crémant de Loire. Chenin Blanc is prescribed by law to be the base grape from which Saumur Mousseux is made and in practice, it forms the majority grape for most wines. The blend may contain a maximum of 20% Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc combined, and 60% of the wine may be made from black grapes such as Pinot Noir and Cabernets Franc and Sauvignon. Maximum yields are actually lower than for Crémant de Loire (50hl/ha) although the wine only needs to spend 9 months on lees. Typically, more Saumur is produced than Crémant, although the volume depends on still wine production for the vintage.
Crémant de Limoux AOC and Blanquette de Limoux AOC
The production of these two AOCs is localised on the town of Limoux in the Languedoc region in Southern France. The climate is significantly warmer than the regions discussed above, with a Mediterranean influence. The region is very hilly and the best vineyards are at some altitude to preserve acidity in the grapes. Blanquette de Limoux must contain at least 90% Mauzac; the remainder can be made up of Chardonnay and Chenin Blanc. Mauzac has a rather distinct ‘bruised apple' character on the nose and palate. By contrast, Crémant de Limoux must contain at least 50% Chardonnay (although no more than 70%) and at least 20% Chenin Blanc (although no more than 40%). Other grapes that make up the blend include Pinot Noir and Mauzac. Both AOCs require a maximum yield of 50hl/ha, whole bunch pressing of 100l/150kg and at least 9 months ageing on the lees.
Cava DO
Cava is the second largest traditional method wine by volume in the world, after champagne. The Cava Denominación de Origen (DO) was established in 1986 with Spain's entry to the EU, although the tradition of sparkling wine predates this by over a century. The Cava DO cover five regions in Spain: Cataluña (where the majority of production is based), Aragon, Navarra, País Vasco and La Rioja. The climate varies with the region, though overall is relatively warm. Therefore, the best vineyards can be found at altitudes up to 700m. The area under wine in the Cava regions is similar to that in Champagne (around 32,000ha); however, due to the low density of vines, which are trained en vaso (gobelet), production is only about two-thirds that of Champagne (i.e. about 240 million bottles per year).
The vinification methods for Cava production have some important differences from Champagne. The minimum lees ageing time are 9 months for standard wines, 18 months for Reserva wines and 30 months for Gran Reserva wines. The minimum legal pressure is 4.0 atm, whereas in Champagne it is only 3.5 atm (though, of course, in practice the pressure is usually much higher). The alcohol level must be between 10.8% and 12.8% a.b.v. Harvesting yields are controlled at 12,000kg/ha for white grapes and 8,000kg/ha for black grapes. Unlike champagne, which can use both the first and second pressing of grapes (the “cuvée” and the “taille”), Cava can only use the first pressing. This means, in practice, that the effective yields achieved are 65hl/ha for white grapes and 53hl/ha for black. Hand harvesting is employed along with whole bunch pressing.
Perhaps the most obvious difference between Cava and many other traditional method wine styles is the blend of grapes used. The native Spanish grape varieties of Macabeo (a.k.a. Viura), Xarel-lo and Parellada are to be found in the majority of wines. However, Chardonnay is increasing in popularity and can be found as a minority component in many wines, and even a majority of grape, along with Pinot Noir, in top-quality wines. Subirat is also used. Rosado wines use the black grapes Monastrell and Garnacha, along with Pinot Noir. The use of black grapes to make white wines is not traditional in Spain and still not widely practised.
Whereas Champagne production is controlled by thousands of individual growers and dozens of co-operatives in symbiosis with several hundred négociants, Cava production is in the hands of 271 producers. Two of these, Codorníu and Freixenet vastly dominate production; Freixenet alone is responsible for producing up to 200 million bottles per year!
Like champagne, Cava comes in a range of dosage levels. Historically, the fairly sweet semi-seco style was popular; however, this has given way to the dry brut style, which now accounts for about 50% of all Cava produced. Semi-seco has a significant following of about 30% of production – mostly consumed in Spain. Brut nature and seco round out production with about 10% each.
Franciacorta DOCG
While traditional method sparkling wine is made in other parts of Italy – especially in the Veneto region – Franciacorta is currently the only denominazione that requires sparkling wine to be made by the traditional method (“metodo classico” in Italian). Italy's more famous bubblies – Prosecco and Asti – are not made by the traditional method. Franciacorta became a DOCG in 1995 and its formation has been a story of voluntary self-regulation by the winemakers themselves.
Wine production is centred around a region just south of Lake Iseo, in Lombardy, central-north Italy. The region experiences a continental climate, with a moderating effect due to the lake. Wines must be made from Chardonnay and Pinots Bianco and Nero (i.e. Blanc and Noir). The winemaking approach is remarkably similar to Champagne, although with even longer lees-ageing specifications: 18 months for non-vintage (though with a total ageing time of 25 months before sale) and 30 months for vintage wines (with a total of 37 months ageing before sale). The vines are planted at high densities and so-called ‘big vine' training systems popular in northern Italy (such as the pergola) are not allowed in order to increase the concentration in the fruit. Rosé must include 15% Pinot Nero and may be made by blending with a still red wine – as in Champagne. The prescribed levels of sweetness are also identical to those in Champagne.
Production of sparkling is around 7 million bottles per year. There also exists a particular wine style called Francicorta Satèn, which is a blanc de blancs and has 4.5atm pressure, rather than the usual 6.0.
Other Sparkling Wine Regions
The above regions are what I would consider the main traditional method sparkling wine regions in Europe. Other regions include Vouvray Mousseux AOC, Crémants de Bordeaux, Die and Jura AOCs in France. Crémant de Luxembourg also produces traditional method sparkling wines. Traditional method wines can be found in other parts of Europe – notably the Veneto in Italy, some top quality Lambrusco, and some German Sekt – although these regions don't prescribe the traditional method in law.
England is fast becoming a major player in traditional method sparkling wine production. The style is still finding its feet; however, producers are tending to follow closely the example set by the champenois and make taut, champagne-esque wines with Chardonnay and Pinot Noir.
Related articles
Advertisements
Migrants from Asia have also turned the tables on permanent and long term arrivals from Europe, which were double that of Asia in 1979.
International student numbers from new migrant source countries, like India and the Philippines, are contributing to net migration numbers hitting record highs, according to a Herald analysis into arrival and departure card data.
Asia is dominating permanent and long term migration to New Zealand — but many are arriving as students or workers.
Last year, the 41,764 from Asia was about twice the 21,365 coming from Europe.
In 2004, just 611 Indians came to New Zealand to study, but that number was at a record 10,708 last year.
Over the period, student numbers from the Philippines also rose from a mere 64 to 1801, while work visa holders spiked from 56 to 2030.
Those from Asia are also more likely to remain, with departures last year at just 6170 compared to the 7036 European departures.
“This is a story of the rise and rise of Asia, and the shift from our traditional source countries in Europe,” said Massey University sociologist Paul Spoonley.
“New countries are India and the Philippines...despite suggestions that it will tail off and perhaps drop, for the moment, there is no suggestion that this will happen soon.”
Migrants from Asia first peaked in the mid-1990s before dropping off briefly during the Asian financial crisis until the early 2000s.
Since then, it has been steadily rising, including the many who come on study and work visas. Europe peaked around the mid 2000s at around 30,000 and has now dipped to between 25,000 and 30,000.
An exception are the arrivals from Germany, which saw an increase from 1430 in 1979 to 3778 last year.
Nearly 3000 Germans who arrived last year came on a working visa.
Four in 10 permanent migrants now are from Asia, mostly from China, India and the Philippines. Migrants from Taiwan, Hong Kong and Korea spiked in the 1990s, but the numbers have dropped off.
Professor Spoonley said the data showed immigration to New Zealand had gone through distinct phases.
“After the policy change in 1987, there was a noticeable shift from a Europe-dominant period to an interim which saw arrivals from Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan and South Africa,” he said.
“The post-2000 phase saw arrivals from India and China, now dominant, and they have been joined by those arriving from the Philippines and from a much wider range of countries.”
Professor Spoonley said Australia plays a prominent part of the migration story, with departures significantly higher than arrivals over the years.
“But for the first time since the 1980s, the story has been reversed,” he said.
“The numbers arriving exceeded those going.”
Sai Krishna Peri, 26, a games artist from India, said he chose to study in New Zealand over Canada because it offered better opportunities in his field.
“It is my lifelong dream to be working in the movies, and this is where I think I can make my dreams come true,” said Mr Peri, who came to Auckland last year from Hyderabad on a student visa to do a graduate diploma in creative technologies at the Media Design School.
After completing the course earlier this month, Mr Peri, now on a graduate job search visa, is working as a texture artist at Huhu Studios.
He now considers New Zealand to be his second home, and intends to apply for a resident visa when he qualifies.
Dr Kate McMillan, a Victoria University researcher, said people arriving from Asian countries had been increasing at a slow but steady rate.
However, the profile of these migrants had changed and diversified.
“Where early flows were dominated by refugees from Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam, contemporary movements include highly skilled professionals intending to live permanently here, young people on working holiday visas...fee-paying students, tourists,” she said.
Asia New Zealand Foundation executive director Simon Draper said New Zealand's present and future was now tied to Asia.
The foundation had been carrying out its annual Perceptions of Asia and Asian Peoples research since 1997, which found positive feelings here of Asian people and Asia as a whole had increased.
“One of the consistent findings of our research is that the more contact non-Asian New Zealanders have with Asian people, the more positive and confident they feel about Asia as a whole,” Mr Draper said.
Nigel Farage has been involved in another astonishing row that has rocked the world of politics to its core. The UKIP leader preferred to go to work Monday rather than engage in a confected Sky News-Facebook Stand Up Be Counted leadership debate. I don't know how he sleeps at night. I mean, really.
What an opportunity Farage missed while he fulfilled his duties as an MEP in Brussels. The colour, the movement, the anger, the pathos and the unrestrained self-regard that only a roomful of earnestly questioning 16-25-year-old yoofs can provide.
One by one they lined up to ask questions of the leaders of the major political parties. And the Greens. In the process, viewers were presented with a snapshot of a clueless bunch of pretenders determined to put their best foot forward ahead of the approaching General Election. Take Ed Miliband. Seems he has been caring about the world for as long as he can remember. To Ed, that is a key component of his electoral appeal.
Caring, so caring, as he has risen effortlessly from school to posh university to political adviser/spin doctor to a cozy seat in Westminster. This is how the Labour leader answered a question about just what he was like as a tearaway teenager, age 18, ready to make his mark on the world.
ED: “I cared a lot about… er… the world. I was actually living in America for a time working in the media, just before going to university. I was actually an intern. I was also interested in British politics and global issues and what was happening in the world”.
What was he doing when he wasn't caring about the planet and eager to really have a wild and crazy time?
ED: “What did I do on a night out? I did some things that most teenagers did, I drank a bit too much, you know, um, but I grew up in a household where you were told to care about the world…”
Caring does not seem to extend to anyone with the temerity to challenge Mr Miliband about his fitness to govern. Which is why he chose to have a swipe at Boots chairman Stefano Pessina. On the weekend, Monaco-based Mr Pessina said Mr Miliband's plans are “not helpful for business, not helpful for the country and in the end it probably won't be helpful for them”.
The Labour leader, a millionaire in his own right, clearly thought this is the moment to go from caring Ed to carping Ed.
ED: “Yesterday, the chairman of Boots started telling people how to vote in the General Election. The chairman of Boots lives in Monaco and doesn't pay British taxes.
“I don't think people should take kindly to being told how to vote by someone who avoids paying his taxes.”
One rich bloke shutting down another rich bloke. This is what passes for political debate in the current febrile state of British politics.
Speaking of the well off, Nick Clegg used the televised meeting to show how much he cared about politicians keeping their promises when he was asked why the Liberal Democrats' singularly failed on the pledge to scrap university fees following the 2010 General Election.
CLEGG: “Of course I apologise for the fact that particular policy of my party we could not implement.”
Was he apologising for not fulfilling a promise, for making it in the first place, or for the fact that he was caught out? We'll never know. That's politics for you.
Dave Cameron also stepped into the white-hot glare of Sky News selfie sticks but seemed strangely subdued by it all. Mollified even.
Once he had faced a question about the price of tampons (really) he was called to explain why Britain chose to pay a tribute to the departed Saudi King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz last month. The Prime Minister was asked: “Why did Britain fly the Saudi flag at half-mast if the country has such an appalling human rights record?”
DAVE: “We don't agree with lots of things that the Saudis do. We don't agree with the way they treat people, for instance criminals. We make clear those differences.
“But when the King died, as a mark of respect, we thought it was right to show that respect.”
Yes. Respect, Dave. You might not agree with the politics of Saudi Arabia but you'll be darned if anyone will stop you or your government from grovelling before one of the biggest defence budgets in the Middle East.
The fun didn't end there. The Greens' Natalie Bennett chose her moment to reveal that she wanted “peaceful political revolution” and that she had been a feminist since the age of five. That aim surely must have been enhanced during her education at exclusive MLC School in her hometown of Sydney, Australia.
This all female institution used to be known by its full title of Methodist Ladies College and was founded in in 1886 as a conduit to supply suitably educated Christian girls to study at the University of Sydney. Something Bennett duly fulfilled before embarking on a career as a professional student and sometime journalist before deciding on a giddy career as a politician and leader of her small but perfectly formed party (membership free/just apply and they'll pay your dues for you. Just like that!).
Which brings us to UKIP.
By simply staying away from that lot, Nigel Farage and by extension UKIP have never looked more appealing as a genuine alternative for voters. The party is an outsider fighting through a sea of political mediocrity and will always look better if it can stand apart from the established Westminster elites.
At least until the day the Conservatives come crawling after the election and a hung Parliament sees them begging for UKIP help to form a government.
Then all bets will be off.
People in Winthrop, Iowa and several nearby towns are mad about the price of their Internet service, and we can't blame them.
The East Buchanan Telephone Cooperative (EBTC) offers DSL Internet at sub-broadband download speeds for up to $300 a month, and it imposes data caps with overages of $5 per gigabyte. As detailed on the company's website, service starts at $24.95 for 5GB per month and moves up to $44.95 per month for 10GB, $179.95 for 50GB, and $299.95 for 100GB. Regardless of which plan you choose, going over your cap brings a charge of $5 more per gigabyte.
You can see the full price list to the right.
The base prices provide only 3Mbps throughput downstream and 1Mbps upstream. (The upload speeds are listed incorrectly on the EBTC site, but the company's GM gave us the correct numbers.) The US Federal Communications Commission defines broadband as 4Mbps download and 1Mbps upload. To get broadband download speeds from EBTC, you'd have to pay another $4.95 per month for an upgrade to 6Mbps down and 1Mbps.
That's not all. The company will charge you another $10 per month to rent a DSL modem or $69.95 to buy the modem. Naturally, there's also a $49 up-front charge to install the DSL service.
EBTC glowingly describes its DSL as being "up to 20 times faster than a standard dial-up connection! Complex graphics pop-up instantly. You can send and receive huge files in seconds. With DSL, you'll experience the Internet the way it was meant to be experienced. And all for as little as $15.00 more per month than your standard dial-up connection!"
David McElroy isn't impressed. He filed a Change.org petition asking the DSL provider to "[s]top pricing home internet like cellular internet." The petition, which has 423 signatures, says the current prices and caps were implemented on December 26, at the same time that base download speeds rose from 1Mbps to 3Mbps. On January 9, "McElroy and approximately 25 disgruntled customers met with the EBTC Board about the issue during the Board's regular monthly meeting," the Independence Bulletin Journal reported three days ago. McElroy lives in Dubuque, Iowa, but he said his parents, brother, and sister live in Winthrop, where he also grew up.
The trouble with rural broadband
Unfortunately, this story doesn't seem likely to have a happy ending. EBTC General Manager Butch Rorabaugh explained to Ars last night that the company has to offset revenue losses in phone service and federal funding. A written response the company made to McElroy's petition says the money it makes from access charges fell from $738,929 in 2009 to $456,701 in 2013. Additionally, government funding designed to prop up rural broadband service fell from $454,200 in 2009 to $169,196 in 2013.
The access charges are "basically what we charge long distance companies for using our facilities to originate or terminate messages," Rorabaugh said. "Access charges—they used to be a mainstay of the telephone industry and now it's gone down drastically." The cuts in government funding are due to changes in the Federal Communications Commission's Universal Service Fund, he said.
Some ISPs would be able to absorb dramatic changes like that, but not EBTC, according to Rorabaugh.
"The challenge we face is serving a rural area," he said. "We have a little over 1,000 customers. We serve an area that is 165 square miles." That leaves EBTC with less than seven customers per square mile, making the cost of providing wireline infrastructure quite large on a per-home basis, he noted.
EBTC also provides service that's cheaper to maintain in the form of a wireless home Internet product, which sends signals over the 3.65GHz band to antennas on customer homes. That service provides the same download speeds of 3Mbps and 6Mbps but larger upload bandwidth of either 2Mbps or 4Mbps. Initially, EBTC priced the wireless home Internet service at exactly the same monthly rates as its wired service, but it lowered the prices on some of the higher-end wireless tiers in response to complaints. The wireless service requires a $149 up-front equipment fee and an installation fee of $49 (the latter fee is often waived, Rorabaugh said).
The rural broadband problem is no doubt a huge one. There are some lucky people out there, though. We wrote about an ISP in rural Vermont that was offering gigabit fiber and phone service for just $48 a month, but that was achieved only with the help of $116 million in federal funding. That kind of government largesse isn't going to every rural part of the US by a long shot.
According to the Bulletin Journal's account of the board meeting, Rorabaugh recommended that customers trying to preserve data change quality settings on services like Netflix to get a lower-bandwidth stream. Rorabaugh reportedly also said at the meeting that the EBTC will consider special packages for people who work at home, take online classes, or have other "unique situations."
But while the company lowered some of its wireless prices, Rorabaugh told Ars that "the board has decided that we're going to leave our wireline" prices the same. About 70 percent of its customers use 15GB or less per month, which costs $64.95 per month.
EBTC may die “if we do not change to measured Internet”
McElroy isn't buying the argument that the EBTC can't offer unmetered service and lower prices. His petition accuses EBTC of "decid[ing] to price DSL and their new wireless offering similarly to cellular Internet since they do not have any other competition."
Moreover, "All other communities near Winthrop, Quasqueton, Aurora, and Stanley do not charge for the amount of data that someone uses," he wrote. ISPs in nearby towns offer comparable speeds, without data caps, for $30 to $50 a month, he wrote.
Rorabaugh acknowledged that nearby ISPs offer lower prices, but he argued that it's only a matter of time before they raise them, too. "As I look at our company and what's going on, I know we have to make a change," he said. "It's difficult being the first one out of the gate. Just because other people are doing it that way doesn't mean they're making money out of it."
In his written response to McElroy, Rorabaugh said, "We considered an overall increase to our previous packages but thought it was unfair for the 70% who use less than 15GB to subsidize the 10% who consume 50GB - 100+GB. We have attempted to construct a pricing structure that fits a majority of our actual customers and offer discounts up to 40% for larger users. Although measured Internet may not be popular, I am genuinely concerned about the long term survival of EBTC if we do not change to measured Internet."
McElroy pointed out that EBTC is already profitable. He posted a financial document showing that EBTC made $241,279 in net margin on $2.28 million in operating expenses in 2012. Those numbers don't account for the latest access charges and Universal Service Fund revenue figures. While USF money for EBTC actually rose more than 7,000 from 2012 to 2013 after years of sharp declines, access charges continued to plummet with a year-over-year drop of $143,000.
Rorabaugh wishes large content providers had to pay to send data over his network. "Netflix can come in and use the network that exists here and not have to pay a penny for it," he said. "You would think they would be obligated or should feel obligated to help support the network that generates their revenue."
He may get his wish thanks to a recent court ruling striking down much of the FCC's net neutrality law.
In the meantime, he said EBTC had to find a way to offset at least part of the lost access charge and USF revenue. "We're not trying to recover all of the lost revenue from our Internet customers, but we do think It's pretty clear that Internet traffic dominates our market and it does have to bear a larger portion [of the cost]," he said.
“Best Buy offers free shipping right now”
Leaving aside the question of EBTC's finances, it's hard not to feel for residents with such poor Internet options. Even Comcast's new data limits start at 300GB and have much cheaper overage charges, $10 for each additional block of 50GB.
McElroy pointed out that operating system upgrades can require downloads of several gigabytes of data and that games downloaded from Steam can even require 40GB. If EBTC has any customers interested in downloading large games, they're probably not happy with Rorabaugh's response: "I am not a ‘gamer' but have noticed that Best Buy offers free shipping right now," he wrote.
Even for residents who aren't gamers, there are risks in purchasing too low a data package when it costs $5 for each extra gigabyte. Bandwidth-heavy Internet services are here to stay, and they will only grow more cumbersome for customers who need more than basic e-mail and Web surfing.
One Aurora, Iowa resident who signed the Change.org petition wrote, "We shouldn't have to give up streaming Netflix, working at home, and taking online classes or doing school work, or have to watch our usage like a hawk in fear we go over our mediocre plans. In today's world, there's no reason this can't be made affordable."
Software Architectures revolving around services have seen a renaissance with the hype of microservices being the hot topic of many developer conferences and online discourse alike.
We invite you to participate in our survey about your experience with service architectures. Your answers will help us shed a light on how service architectures are implemented in industrial practice and provide future directions for research through the challenges we observe.
The following survey should take 7-8 minutes of your time.
This is the link to the survey: http://bit.ly/services_survey
We will keep your survey responses anonymous. We will NOT attribute answers to any particular participant.
We would greatly appreciate your participation! Thank you!
Please feel free to contact Jürgen Cito or Gerald Schermann at {cito, schermann}@ifi.uzh.ch if you have any further questions.
Did Hockey really just “threaten” a Double Dissolution? Dare we hope? You can literally hear the collective gasp of anticipation rippling out over social media. The mere possibility we may be able to get out of our electoral contract with “Hobott” (yes I just made a couple contraction of Hockey/Abbott….), before they manage to totally wreck the joint has people right across the nation on the edge of optimism for the first time in months.
Much as I would love to join them in preemptive celebration, I'm fairly certain Hockey is bluffing. It looks to me like “Hobott” are, in the absence of any better plan, playing chicken with their own back bench, and what we have here is an empty threat designed to put the fear of impending unemployment into their own MPs.
Like all new parents, Hobott are deeply proud of their first born budget, and would do almost anything to save its little life; however I believe they will stop well short of a family suicide pact, and opt instead to turn off its life support, and hope their second child might fare a little better.
While Hobott have yet to give up on their first born, (like all good parents, they are prepared to fight like caged tigers to see their child survive, no matter what the collateral damage), Hockey's recent rhetoric on the senate;
. . . it is disrupting the role of government but if it just continually says no without any capacity to negotiate an improved outcome, then the Senate becomes irrelevant,” he said. “It's simply a roadblock. We either have to smash through that roadblock or the Australian people get the chance to change the government.
. . . is just their latest desperate salvo in a fight they are now beginning realise they may not be able to win.
Admittedly it's a brazen move, playing chicken with a DD when the polls are looking totally hideous for them; but I predict Hobott will blink first and abandon their much unloved bruiser of a budget in favor of a more mild mannered progeny.
As Liberal elder statesman Malcom Fraser famously pointed out on QA,”Tony Abbott would do what he needed to do to have power“. According to Fraser Abbott is man who is capable of Olympic level backflips on policy… so watch this space!
Follow @LetitiaMcQuade
Tweet
More articles by Letitia McQuade:
Abbott's war on the environment is facing some tough opposition.
Introducing the new “ABC free” AUSTRALIA… now with extra ignorance, selfishness and cruelty
THE CLIMATE OF DENIAL: Why real climate action will NEVER come from big business or government.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
LinkedIn
More
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
While our federal government dreams of a tobacco-free society, 42 million Americans continue to smoke cigarettes and nearly half a million die each year. That's 1,300 smoker deaths.
Every. Single. Day.
Tobacco policy in the U.S. is driven by prohibitionists who insist that smokers quit nicotine and tobacco altogether. They ignore the fact that nicotine, although addictive, is not the major cause of any disease associated with smoking. Nicotine is similar to caffeine, which is addictive but safely consumed by millions daily in coffee, tea and cola drinks. Science shows that it's the smoke that kills, yet the government refuses to tell smokers about far safer alternative products like smokeless tobacco and e-cigarettes.
It doesn't have to be that way. Over the past century in Sweden, men have smoked less and used more smokeless tobacco (a spit-free product called snus) than in any other Western country. The result: Swedish men have the developed world's lowest rates of lung cancer and smoking-related deaths.
Numerous research studies document that the health risks of smokeless tobacco use are so low as to be barely measurable, even for mouth cancer. (The European Union removed warning labels for that disease from Swedish snus packages in 2001.) Statistically, smokeless users have about the same risk of dying from their habit as automobile users have of dying in a car accident.
Swedes have a history of embracing harm reduction. They invented the modern seat belt, and they've eagerly substituted relatively safe snus for cigarettes. Snus is now widely available in the U.S., as are e-cigarettes, another safer-than-cigarettes option. E-cigarettes deliver nicotine in a vapor of water and propylene glycol, which is used in hundreds of medicines and personal-care products. E-cigarettes satisfy cigarette smokers because they provide the “throat hit” that mimics smoking.
Research shows that smokeless tobacco and e-cigarettes have helped many smokers quit deadly cigarettes.
Tobacco prohibitionists inaccurately portray smoke-free products as causing teen smoking, but there is no evidence for these claims. National surveys show that teen smoking has declined to record lows. Tobacco initiation by young people should be stopped in its tracks. But the 8 million Americans who will die from smoking-related illness in the next 20 years are not children today; they are adults, 35 years and older. Children shouldn't be used as a smokescreen to condemn their smoking parents and grandparents to premature death.
I have conducted research on tobacco use and health risks for over 20 years at two major cancer centers. In 2011, I created “Switch and Quit,” the first-of-its-kind, community-based quit-smoking program in Owensboro, Kentucky. That campaign, aimed at smokers who were unable or unwilling to quit using total tobacco abstinence, included print, radio, billboard, social-media and cinema public-service messages.
The switch-and-quit concept has been endorsed by the British Royal College of Physicians (among others), which found “…that smokers smoke predominantly for nicotine, that nicotine itself is not especially hazardous, and that if nicotine could be provided in a form that is acceptable and effective as a cigarette substitute, millions of lives could be saved.”
Switching from cigarettes to smoke-free tobacco products yields almost all of the health benefits of quitting altogether. That's the life-saving truth.
Rodu is a professor of medicine and holds an endowed chair in tobacco harm reduction research at the University of Louisville James Graham Brown Cancer Center. He is the author of For Smokers Only: How Smokeless Tobacco Can Save Your Life.
Things We Learned: Super Rugby Round Two
After last week's soft opening, here's what we learned in Week One of Super Rugby (before the Tahs v. Force).
The Crusaders are Unbalanced
The Chiefs were the luckiest team around on the weekend. Between them, Tyler Bleyendaal (15) and Tom Taylor (6) missed 21 points worth of penalties from the tee, before a late intercept try secured an invaluable Chief win. The ‘Saders pack will be filthy. They utterly dominated the Chiefs both in the scrum and in tight. They had 66% of possession, dominated the penalty count 15-8, won 4 lineouts against the throw to just 1… you get the picture. With Kieran Read back, expect them to simply monster a few packs this year.
But the midfield looked like they'd never met each other before and failed to convert the pressure into points. There is some cause for optimism in Christchurch. Expect Taylor to be back at 10 next week. But in letting Tom Marshall and Robbie Fruean go, the red and black are betting very heavily on new vice-captain Ryan Crotty to lead the backs. He had a great game, but it's unclear if the support cast is quite up to it. Reynold Lee-Lo and Colin Slade just aren't in the same class as Marshall and Fruean.
Goalkicking Matters
Super Rugby is played according to a different ethos than the mud-kick-ball up north, but the scoreboard is the same. Goalkicking matters. Apart from the horrors at Christchurch, the Bulls kicked only 3 from 6 in Bloemfontein against the Cheetahs, who slotted 4 from 5 and duly won. Last week, the Lions (6/6) beat the Cheetahs (4/7) in the last minute. The kicking from the Brumbies in Canberra left a lot to be desired, while the top of the table Sharks showed how it's done with 6 from 7. Goalkicking is the one skill in the game that is completely independent of what the other team does. It also wins and loses matches. So it's worth investing in.
All of these shines a spotlight on the Waratahs, who have title aspirations. They were the third worst kicking team in the comp last year, with Berrick Barnes and Brendan McKibbin each kicking around 70% over the season. Barnes has left and McKibbin is far from a guaranteed starter. Yet instead of recruiting a top kicker, the Tahs have a few guys who each can kick (though obviously goalkicking isn't a “team cumulative” skill) and have invested in Andrew Mehrtens to improve their technique across the board. Time will tell how sound a strategy this is.
Adapting to the situation doesn't have to mean a “small” game plan
Anyone who watched the Cheetahs and the Lions play in torrential rain on Friday night deserves a hug. It isn't strictly true that South African teams can't play expansively. It is true that when they're playing other Saffer sides their game plans become deeply infused with bash-and-crash conservatism. Add in some inclement weather and… you get a Cheetahs game plan in which two of the best playmakers in the Republic, Johan Goosen and Willie le Roux, are instructed to take drop goals from anywhere, including their own half.
In the mud, the results were awful. Horribly miscued drop kicks barely making it into the Bulls' 22 were followed by more of the same. Unwatchable. In the second half in Canberra, both the Reds and the Brumbies seemed much more afraid of losing the game than actually winning it, with plenty of aimless kicks to show for it. It's like the coaching staffs didn't watch footage of the Wallabies at Twickenham last year at all.
Over in Dunedin, on the other hand, the Highlanders experienced an exodus of players over the off season including Andrew Hore, Ma'a Nonu, Hosea Gear, Tamati Ellison, and Kade Poki. But coach Jamie Joseph has nevertheless decided to try to mould his team into a unit that can win games – not just create situations for the other team to lose. Sure, on Saturday night, there was plenty of emphasis on the counter-attack and defence. But the outside backs saw plenty of balls too and the result was a bonus point win. The Highlanders won't be around come finals time. But they look like a well-oiled, cleverly coached, coherent unit.
Even this early, it's clear the Bulls will struggle to score tries
It is a long and brutal season. Injuries will happen. Teams will lose and gain form. The ball will bounce funny and refs will make howlers (or give gifts). But it is already clear that the Bulls are going to really struggle to score tries. Never the most adventurous side, the coaching staff appear to have decided that a back to basics game plan of forward runners off 9 and repeated lineouts mauls is going to be not just the foundation of their strategy, but the entirety of their strategy.
To move away from this, starting Handre Pollard in the 10 jersey would be a good start; I was rubbing my eyes in disbelief when he actually took on the line with the ball in two hands in the second half. But in all likelihood, we'll see the talented youngster be subjected to the same South Africa fly-half one-size-fits-all coaching straightjacket that has seen Pat Lambie and Johan Goosen lose some of their attacking instincts over the last couple of years.
Recruitment is Key
Already we're starting to see the impact of new signings. Lachlan Turner suffered season ending injuries the last two years and made the move over the Tweed in the off-season. After Saturday night, the Reds recruitment team must be feeling full of themselves. It's easy to forget that Turner is more than a tyro speedster. Since his debut, he consciously broadened his game by developing his defence, his kicking, and his ability under the high ball.
One stellar performance against the ABs back in 2010 after a late call up sticks in the memory, and his breadth of skills was all too evident given the one-dimensional nature of some of the other back three players on the pitch on Saturday night (to pick on just one, Joe Tomane both lost the ball during his only break and got caught out horribly in defense for Turner's try). Over in New Zealand, Robbie Fruean scored an incredible individual try for the Chiefs, while Jarrad Butler was far from the Brumbies' worst down in Canberra.
But it's hard not to look at a few teams and see some serious imbalances in their squad profile. The Chiefs can field two completely different, top level backlines this year. But their stocks in the tight-five look pretty thin. Injuries there could see them team in trouble regardless of how many great backs they have. Similarly, the Waratahs succumbed to the temptation to sign Kurtley Beale and fit him somewhere into the team, when what they really needed was more depth at 8 behind an injury prone Wycliff Palu, or at hooker behind an equally fragile Tatafu Polota-Nau, or at lock, where the fact that they were even relying on journeyman Mitchell Chapman, pre-season ending injury, said a lot about the depth there.
There will always be a tension between what is available on the market and what the team needs. But the latter is ultimately more important.
The same metaphorical cloud hanging over Kentucky media day Thursday hovers throughout college basketball heading into the 2017-18 season: the ongoing Federal Bureau of Investigation probe into corruption in the sport.
Kentucky players spoke of how UK did things “the right way.” The FBI investigation — which has resulted so far in four coaches arrested and Rick Pitino's anticipated firing at Louisville — was something for others to worry about.
“It doesn't concern me at all,” freshman Shai Gilgeous-Alexander said.
This prompted an obvious question: With widespread reports of money exchanging hands in recruiting, and a Louisville-bound prospect allegedly receiving $100,000, why would an elite high school player play for free?
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Lexington Herald-Leader
Sitting against a wall in the Joe Craft Center, Hamidou Diallo used words and body language to answer.
Diallo looked up and pointed to posters of NBA players who played at Kentucky that adorn the walls of the Craft Center practice gym.
“That's why we're coming to Kentucky,” he said. “We're coming to be great players and, hopefully, one day we can hang our poster up in this gym.”
SHARE COPY LINK UK guard Hamidou Diallo talks about why he decided to play for the Kentucky Wildcats.
Gilgeous-Alexander said he did not feel he was missing out on a big payday by playing for Kentucky.
“Not at all,” he said. “Look at me now. I definitely don't feel I'm missing out. I'm going to put my trust in the coaching staff and, hopefully, they'll get me where I want to go. Then I can make the big bucks.”
UK Coach John Calipari repeatedly made it clear the FBI investigation was not a subject he wanted to address.
“Well, what's out there right now is a black eye,” he told reporters. “But here is the thing for everybody here: I don't want to come across as uneducated or dumb. None of us know where this thing's going. So for me to really comment much on it, I mean, I don't know where all this is going.
“Obviously, what's happened to this point isn't good. At this point I don't think me commenting without knowing all the facts is the right thing to do.”
SHARE COPY LINK UK basketball coach John Calipari is questioned by Herald-Leader reporter Jerry Tipton about the FBI investigation into college basketball recruiting.
The FBI investigation had centered on Adidas and schools that used its products. It has been widely reported that the investigation had been expanded to Nike, the shoe company used by Kentucky. Several UK players have participated in Nike's youth basketball league, which reportedly has been of interest to the FBI.
When asked what he might say to reassure Kentucky fans that there's nothing to worry about, Calipari said, “I have no comment to it. I mean, we haven't been contacted. The NCAA hasn't contacted us. We're going about our business of coaching this team.”
On Wednesday, the NCAA announced that its president, Mark Emmert, was forming a committee and asking it to clean up college basketball.
“We must take decisive action . . . ,” Emmert said in a release. “This is not the time for half-measures or incremental change.”
Calipari said he had read Emmert's statement. The UK coach said he interpreted it as a move toward putting athletes at the heart of any substantial change.
“I kind of liked it because at a point in there he mentioned about the students,” Calipari said. “At the end of the day, this is about the student-athletes.”
This fall, as he had in previous years, Calipari spoke of liberalizing NCAA prohibitions on players making money and capitalizing on their athletic ability while in college.
At Media Day, Calipari chose not to elaborate.
“I have some ideas, but I just don't think it's the time for me to talk about that stuff,” he said. “Folks, you all know me. You know where I'm tilted to. You probably could say, ‘This is how he feels,' and be right without me saying it.”
SHARE COPY LINK UK basketball coach John Calipari gives his response to NCAA president Mark Emmert's statement about forming a Commission on College Basketball in response to recent federal investigations in college basketball.
Calipari also recoiled when asked his reaction to Pitino's expected firing.
“Look, it's unfortunate, all the stuff that's come down,” the UK coach said. “But let's talk about my team, please. Does anyone here have a question about my team, please?”
Sacha Killeya-Jones acknowledged that Kentucky players had discussed the FBI investigation.
“We've had small chats,” he said. “I think everybody's talked to people about it. I think I'm about as informed on it as the average Twitter user, the average sports fan. I've seen stuff on Twitter. I've seen some of the ESPN videos and stuff. The interviews and stuff.”
But the UK players are not consumed with a scandal that breeds speculation of scores of coaches losing their jobs. Instead, the Cats are interested in “having a bunch of young guys and a big year ahead of us.”
Gilgeous-Alexander said the reports of a $100,000 payment to secure a player's commitment was surprising.
When asked what he'd say to any Kentucky fan concerned about the FBI reportedly expanding its investigation into Nike's role in youth basketball, Gilgeous-Alexander said, “That they have nothing to worry about. That we're as clean as ever could be.”
WHY IT MATTERS
In November, we wrote that the stigma surrounding contract brewing had more or less met its demise. And while that may be true for consumers, the skepticism amongst professionals certainly has its merits. Running a multi-brewery alternating proprietorship out of one facility still requires sound stewardship or else everyone relying on the primary business is at serious risk. And in this particular fiasco, transparency, or lack thereof, was the real issue, even though so much of it seems clear in hindsight.
Arcade had reportedly been producing out of Ale Syndicate's space for two and a half years. While the company says it seemed apparent “from the outside” that Ale Syndicate had been struggling, it says it “did not know the extent to how much they were struggling until the very end.”
“We were not informed that there were any issues until after the gas was turned off in late November,” Lance Curran, Arcade co-founder and co-owner, tells GBH by email. “[It] was still weeks after that before we knew the full extent of how serious the issues were.”
While Arcade closed, it wasn't the only brewery to ever bail on the alt-prop space. Around the Bend Beer Co. got its start there, but moved its bottle production to Excel Brewing in the spring of 2015. (It's currently in the process of moving once again to Burnt City Brewing.)
The move to Excel “had nothing to do with [Ale Syndicate's] financial situation,” Around the Bend founder Dan Schedler tells GBH. Furthermore, the company was similarly unaware of its former partner's precarious fiscal troubles. “We knew nothing about their financial woes until a couple of weeks ago,” Schedler says. “We were kept totally in the dark.”
Around the Bend is working to move two of its 40-BBL fermenters from Ale Syndicate's space over to Burnt City, Schedler says.
Jesse Evans and Samuel Evans, brothers and founders of Ale Syndicate, did not respond to GBH's calls and emails requesting comment. But the three-year-old company explained its mission statement from the jump:
“We're not just an ordinary brewery—we're a syndicate,” Jesse Evans said in a press release at the time the company made its debut. “That means an important part of what we do is collaboration—with each other, with other breweries, and, most importantly, with our community.”
For the brothers Evans, this isn't the first hard knock in brewing. They attempted to start up a brewery in California, Lucky Hand Brewing, before selling it off (it didn't make it far) and moving to Chicago and immediately starting again with New Chicago Brewing, which also never got off the ground. Ultimately, they abandoned their plans at The Plant on Chicago's South side.
Their third try as Ale Syndicate started as a contact brand before moving into its home in Logan Square on the back of some crowdfunding via Indiegogo. Their pitch? "We have plans for 3 fermenters, but would crank out a whole lot more beer with 5 fermenters!" Indeed, the math checks out. And two donors gave them $1,000 each for that campaign in exchange for a "taproom takeover," which they estimated would take place in March of 2014. Ale Syndicate never opened a taproom.
In 2015 they went on to raise more money via Kiva, a "crowdlending" site where they told potential lenders that a loan of $5,000 would enable them to "purchase brewing equipments [sic] to meet our skyrocketing demand," that they were getting ready to go "state wide" with distribution, and further explained that the money would enable them to "buy hoses, pumps, a refractometer, gloves and tools. While purchases such as these seem simple, they can add tremendously to our productivity." That loan received 125 contributors.
Almost immediately they brought in other contract brands to lighten the overhead, including Arcade Brewery, who had themselves raised $32,760 on Kickstarter. They got four backers at $1,000 a pop offering up a private dinner and brewery tour. (That tour would be for a brewery they were, at the time, still calling New Chicago Brewing Co., which later became Ale Syndicate. Regardless, they were offering to give contributors a tour of the brewery in which they were alternating proprietors.)
Ironically, just two years after finally launching Ale Syndicate, Jesse sought to start a consulting business for other breweries, which he pitched to Illinois Guild members offering his services in investment and business planning, facility management, even work/life balance among others. And he offered a tried and true "refund if we aren't successful." He planned to take his consulting practice national.
That pitch also offered this insightful wisdom: "Pain is a symptom, not a requirement."
—Dave Eisenberg + Michael Kiser
KIMT News 3- Each year KIMT and our “Giving Your Best” partners, First Citizens Bank and Diamond Jo Casino, team up to try and help those in need by raising toy donations.
According to those heading the event, there are around 9 thousand kids that they hope to be able to help this year through this drive. Currently, they say the number of donations are low. They are asking people to bring new, unwrapped, toys to any of the drop of areas in North Iowa.
https://mason-city-ia.toysfortots.org/local-coordinator-sites/lco-sites/default.aspx
Those we spoke with you have been donating for the last five years say this is something that is important to her and her kids.
“I have kids of my own,” says Susan Hamilton, a personal banker at First Citizens Bank. “It's not just me that is donating. I bring my kids with me so pick out toys because they should have the opportunity to pick out toys as well.”
The dates for dropping do off will end in mid December.
Is engineering an infection to wipe out all humanity not enough for you? Once you've finally cracked the frigid stronghold of Greenland, do you still demand more glory? Then here: Plague Inc: Evolved [official site] will now let you test your pandemic powers against other players with competitive multiplayer.
Strategy plague 'em ups can lose their novelty once you've figured out a few ways to trash humanity (though Plague Inc does have all sorts of mods), so having to go up against someone else in a race to conquer the world sounds interesting. Two players go head to head in the new multiplayer mode, trying to infect the world without being other wiped out by the other player or cured by those pesky humans. It brings new evolutions, abilities, and genes that might, for example, let you capitalise upon your opponent's successes or actively try to expose them to scientists.
“Will you spread slowly, stay under the radar and let humanity and your enemy battle it out, or be aggressive, fight the cure and use total organ failure to gather huge amounts of DNA?” ask developers Ndemic Creations. “Or maybe you should focus all your efforts hunting down the other plague in order to wipe it out before it can spread at all.”
Check the patch notes for all this update added.
Ndemic plan to add co-op too, and finally launch out of Early Access in “early 2016.” The game's £8.03 on Steam at the moment for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
Each week, a large group of men meets Wednesdays and Saturdays at Berkeley's Veterans Building and Oakland's Laney College to discuss gender roles, anger management and domestic violence prevention.
Men Creating Peace (MCP) is one of the few domestic violence organizations in Alameda County specifically geared towards men. Founded in 2009, the organization aims to help men who've been involved in violent acts adopt coping mechanisms so that they can develop healthier relationships with partners, family and their community.
“We're not a parenting class, we're not an AA class. We're a violence prevention class, and the men that we're working with have agreed that they're violent, and they want to stop,” said founder Devon Gaster.
Prior to launching MCP, Gaster worked in jails teaching the same methods in Sacramento, San Francisco and Marin County. Through years of experience practicing the 30-year-old Manalive Violence Prevention Program, founded by interventionist Hamish Sinclair, Gaster established the curriculum for Men Creating Peace.
“Every class starts with accountability,” said Gaster. “In the beginning of the first class, we ask the men to tell us why they're here, and we ask them to be as specific as they can about what happened. How did they start their violence? How did their violence escalate? And how did they end their violence? ”
The program is made up of three stages that altogether last 52 weeks. Men who are 16 years or older and have issues with anger are referred to Men Creating Peace by the courts, agencies, clergies, therapists and even school counselors.
Gaster says he based the organization in Alameda County due to the economic downturn. Men who lived in the East Bay, couldn't afford to travel to domestic violence classes in San Francisco or Marin County. “People were moving to Alameda County where it was less expensive to live, but they didn't want to lose credits for the classes they had already gone to in San Francisco, so they just transferred into our program,” he said.
The organization differs from other programs due its focus on teaching men how not to fall victim to their egos or what they call the “male-role belief system,” which is the idea that men are superior to women and other men.
“There is always this competitiveness around men, and when that belief system gets challenged, when you get disrespected, when someone outdoes you, makes fun of you, or cuts you off on the freeway, it's a challenge to the belief system. What are you going to do as a man? Are you going to stand up for yourself or are you going to let someone disrespect you? That's a big challenge,” says Gaster.
When asked what is the most significant challenge men face upon entering the program, Gaster said “accountability.” It's difficult for his students to accept responsibility for their actions without blaming their victim, he said. Once men accept accountability and graduate to later stages in the program, victims of domestic violence are brought to speak to the class. “We have stories of rape, we have stories of kidnapping … stories that victims tell when they come talk to the class,” said Gaster.
“Once students graduate to that second and third stage of the program, the resistance level has gone down. Their buy-in to the work has gone up. The awareness of their violence has gone up. The awareness of the impact of their violence has gone up and they're more receptive to that kind of story,” added Gaster.
Though Gaster said the program's success rate is lower than he'd like, the men who do graduate often end up returning to teach or sit in on classes. Gaster hopes to expand his business even further, one day establishing a headquarters and even creating classes for couples and women.
After Wednesday's “disappointing loss” in Milwaukee when the Heat gave up 66 points in the paint and a season-high 37 free-throw attempts, Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra kept his players inside the team hotel Thursday for what he called “a teaching day.”
“We didn't want to just brush a game like that under the rug,” Spoelstra said before Friday's game. “We have to get a lot more committed to who we are. We say it all the time — what our identity is. Sometimes you can get intoxicated with your offense. But we have to be able to defend, protect the paint, the rim, the free-throw line. That helps our offense when we do that. But it's not a winning formula when we don't come in with a real aggressive defensive mindset.”
The Heat didn't come out with that defensive mind-set against the Bulls, but found its way there by the fourth quarter.
Led by Goran Dragic's season-high 26 points, rookie Josh Richardson's career-high 22 points and Hassan Whiteside's 13 points, 16 rebounds and three blocks, the Heat scorched the Bulls 118-96 at the United Center.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
The Heat (38-27) entered the fourth quarter with an 84-81 lead and outscored the Bulls 34-15 in the final period. Chicago shot 51.3 percent through the first three quarters but was only 5 for 17 in the fourth quarter (29.4 percent). Miami finished with a season-high 14 steals.
“This is what good teams do,” said Luol Deng, who had 19 points, six rebounds, four steals and, along with Dragic, finished with a team-leading plus-29 for the game.
“We're working on being great. When you lose one game on the road it's really no time to drop your head. Not to take anything away from this great win, but our mind-set has to switch as soon as we get on that plane. We got to think about us playing a really, really good team tomorrow.”
SHARE COPY LINK Richardson posted a season-high 22 points and made four three-pointers in the fourth quarter in the win. March 11, 2016. Video by Manny Navarro.
The Heat, which picked up a game on the Boston Celtics to move within a half-game of third place in the Eastern Conference, wraps up its three-game road trip Saturday night at the Raptors (43-20).
Friday, though, it was a struggle for three quarters against the Bulls (32-32), who were without All-Star swingman Jimmy Butler (knee soreness) and former league MVP Derrick Rose (groin).
After trailing for all but 15 seconds in the first half, the Heat got its second lead of the game with 6:02 left in the third quarter when Joe Johnson buried a three-pointer to make it 73-71. The Heat finally took some semblance of control moments later behind a 7-0 run authored by Dragic, who hit a series of impressive layups throughout the game.
“We need him to be aggressive like he was tonight,” Spoelstra said of Dragic. “He has to have that attack mentality.”
Richardson, who has been a revelation since Beno Udrih was lost for the season Feb. 22, led a Heat three-point barrage (10 of 18) with four three-pointers in the fourth quarter. His 16 fourth-quarter points outscored the Bulls as a team.
Since Udrih's injury, Richardson has knocked down 15 of his 24 three-point attempts (62.5 percent).
“I think going to college for four years definitely helped me out,” said Richardson, who attended the University of Tennessee. “It helped me mature a lot. I came into the NBA pretty ready to play and contribute.”
Said Dwyane Wade: “Josh is putting the work in. Earlier in the year he was struggling from three-point line. Now, he's like a knock-down shooter.”
In all, five Heat players finished in double figures. Wade wasn't one of them. He played with a badly bruised right thigh and finished with nine points (3-of-15 shooting), seven rebounds and five assists in 31 minutes. Wade said he took a knee to his thigh in the first half Wednesday against the Bucks while trying to fight through a screen on a pick-and-roll.
How did the thigh feel after Friday's game? “It's there,” Wade said through a grin. “No excuses.”
Chicago shot 63 percent, scored 16 points in the paint and led 31-23 after one quarter. The Bulls' lead grew to as many as 10 points before going into the half up 58-54.
Whiteside, who skied for an alley-oop pass from Dragic on a highlight-reel dunk early in the second quarter, had 11 points, nine rebounds and two blocks at the half.
Spoelstra kept him on the bench at the start of the second half but brought him in a few minutes earlier than he had in the first half. That's really when the tide started to turn for Miami — when Whiteside got in the game, Dragic started attacking and the Heat's rookie started to heat up.
“We got a lot more energy and effort out there in the fourth quarter,” Spoelstra said. “It was like people were in two places at the same time.”
SHARE COPY LINK Wade had nine points, seven rebounds, five assists and two blocks in 31 minutes as he battled a thigh bruise. March 11, 2016. Video by Manny Navarro.
After weeks of sub frame work, cleaning parts, engine rebuilds, part sourcing, and a million other things I finally got to focus on a simple but critical part of the bike. That's right folks, I now have a place to sit. Here is how it all went down.
The challenges, as usual, were many. The goal was to build a seat that was light, strong, and of a reasonable cost. Luckily, I had 2.5mm birch aircraft plywood on hand that I decided would be a great material for the pan. A single sheet of course provided for a flimsy seat pan, so I decided to use several plies to form a thicker sheet. I started by using a mock up seat pan that I made sometime in February of this year. The mock up pan was used when I was considering mounting options, working on tail-light and license plate mounts, thinking about electronics tray configurations, as well as other design considerations. After all of that, it turns out that the mock-up seat pan was spot on, meaning I got to use it as a part of the final product.
I made the mock up pan out of two plies of the birch. I pressed them together using large weights and used polyester fiberglass resin as the glue. The pan turned out stiff and light. Unfortunately, a flat plan simply wasn't going to work. The rear suspension at full compression sees the tire come in contact with the bottom of the pan. To aid this I set out to create a pan with a concave bottom, a shape that would give greater clearance to the tire when the suspension gets squashed.
The process was simple. I cut each layer individually and then glued the stack together to form a pan that came out 14 millimeters thick. The depth of the concave center turned out to be about 10mm, and should provide more than enough clearance for the rear tire.
After the lamination of the pan itself was done I then needed a bit of kick-up on the rear. I am building this seat as a brat seat, as I intend to ride my girlfriend around with me. The kick-up however is multipurpose for me. I will build a cafe bump that will attach to the back of the seat for when I am riding around on my own, and the kick-up will tie nicely into the bump. Moreover, I needed a place to mount my tail-lights. My design philosophy thus far has been to embrace simplicity, so to continue in that vein I decided to just mount the tail lights on the seat pan. This is in contrast to creating additional brackets or attachments. Ultimately, the lipped up rear of the seat provides a nice space for the lights to get tucked away. Unfortunately, I will have to ruin these sweet lines a bit by hanging my license plate off the back.
The kick-up is mounted to the pan via a aluminum support bracket I made. The aluminum is 2mm thick and was easy to shape and bend via a sheet metal brake. I cut the shape on a band saw. The aluminum panel was then pop riveted, either via rivets from the inside or by countersunk rivets from the outside, to the plywood. I used two part epoxy (Hysol) to bond the aluminum to the plywood. I also made a wood panel to mount to the aluminum kick-up, again out of the birch, which I made of two plies as the major strength of the system is carried by the aluminum bracket. Again, I attached plywood panel with rivets and two-part epoxy.
To finish the seat pan I needed to seal it from the elements. On the topside there will be closed cell neoprene rubber that will be capped with a marine grade vinyl. All of that will be great for weather protection, but the bottom side will also need to deal with moisture, especially if the bike sees rain. I contemplated various stains, paints, and other coatings. Frankly, I am inexperienced in these things and didn't want to mess up what I felt was a really nice piece. As a result I decided to laminate the bottom in a single layer of fiberglass. I used unidirectional fabric and West Systems epoxy. The layup went smoothly and the end result is fantastic.
Once the glass was cured and trimmed I was able to start assembling the foam seating surface. The tail-light wires run beneath the seat foam along the seat surface and then exit the seat pan through a hole on the bottom, where they will connect with the bikes wiring harness. To accommodate that I had to extend the wires on the lights and figure out a plug system for those wires. Some soldering and ample shrink wrap took care of that. Note: in the photos you'll notice that the light wires terminate with bullet connectors, those will ultimately be replaced by a 5-pole aircraft style locking plug. This will allow the seat to be removed via two bolts and one plug, vastly decreasing the complexity of seat removal.
I am using neoprene foam, it is closed cell and fairly cheap. I got 3/4″ and 1/4″ thicknesses so that I could best tailor the thickness to my needs. To start I rough cut pieces of the 3/4″ to the shape of the seat pan. I then glued the first piece down onto the seat pan, gluing only the front 5 or 6 inches of the foam. I followed that up by gluing the second foam piece to the first, again only attaching the first 5 or 6 inches. After arranging and attaching the tail-light wires with hot glue, I then worked backward gluing the seat another 6 or so inches at a time until the entire pan was covered securely. This provided a 1.5 inch thick seating surface that I hope will be comfortable while remaining fairly minimalist. Fortunately, if I find the seat too stiff, I can add 1/4″ foam incrementally until I get the right amount of comfort.
To shape the foam, I hit it with a combination of my belt sander and orbital sander. 60 grit sand paper worked well on both, with the belt sander doing the big work and the orbital getting the details. The process was messy, and that's an understatement, but the end product was worth the hassle. Overall the foam was great to work with, albeit a little time consuming. In the end, the shape of the seat turned out better than I had imagined.
To finish, I mounted the tailights, though for the time being I am mounted them temporarily. I have done this to accommodate the upholstery people, in case they for some reason need to move the lights around some. Upholstery is the only service I will have paid for on the bike, but rightfully so, as I am confident that I would produce a hideous seat cover on my own. Tentatively, I hope to glue the seat cover to the bottom edge of the seat pan using trim adhesive and then secure more permanently with rivets. In the meantime however, I am going to ride on the seat a while. I want to make sure that I like the design before spending the money to have it properly covered.
The bike is nearly finished. In fact, in the photos above the bike is fully functional. There remains some wiring work yet, I have a few panels I need to make for the electronics, and I need to mount the dash and run those wires. My next post will detail the headlight and charging system. After that the bike will be dissembled and prepped for painting. As of now I am looking to be roadworthy by the end of October. Make sure to return for the conclusion to my RD350 build dubbed “Mia Wallace” in the coming weeks.
I don't know about you, but when it's this hot outside, I don't feel like doing anything! Except for drinking a great, cold beer ;)! I wanted to find a recipe that didn't involve much work or heated up my house, but satisfied my hunger. Thus, Gorgonzola IPA Crackers from Beer and Baking.
Ingredients: (Makes about 30-50 crackers)
1 cup AP Flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup of crumbled gorgonzola cheese
4 tablespoons of cold butter cut into small cubes
1/4 cup of beer ( This recipe used Four Peaks Hop Knot IPA)
Cooking Directions:
In a food processor pulse together the flour, salt, cheese, and butter. Add the beer until the mixture comes together into a ball. Put the mixture in some plastic wrap and put in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using the wonderful trick of rolling out dough between two sheets of plastic wrap, roll out your dough to about a 1/4 inch thick. Using a pizza cutter or a pasta wheel cutter cut your cracker shapes. Put onto a silpat or parchment paper and then stab with a fork to create air holes. Add salt or any other topping to your desire. Put the crackers in the oven for about 10-15 minutes before baking them so they kept the shape better. Bake for 15 minutes. I rotated them halfway through and waited to take them out until I could see a little browning on the crackers. Allow to cool completely.
TIP: These crackers last about 3 to 4 days so eat them while they're fresh for the best taste!
These crackers will be perfect for any gathering or late night snack. I can also see myself making a little basket full of these crackers and some craft beers for a great birthday gift. I can't wait to try this recipe!
Advertisements
The arrival of summer means that the nation's beaches will soon be crowded with swimmers, tanners, surfers, and more, so it's important for everyone to be conscious of each other's space and needs. Here are some etiquette tips to ensure that everyone has a safe and relaxing time at the beach:
Help lifeguards do their jobs by letting them know in advance if you plan to drown that day
Avoid feeding seagulls less than half an hour before they get into the water
Remember that you are responsible for disposing of any garbage that bumps into you while in the ocean
Shout “Heads up!” in the half-second before your Frisbee corkscrews into a crowd of sunbathers
When using a portable radio or other music-playing device, keep the volume at a low level for all but the most epic of guitar solos
It's considered courteous to refill the giant hole you dug so others know the antisocial loser has left the area
Leave space between you and your neighbors, as beach towels may create sparks and ignite when they come into contact with one another
Always loudly scream “Shark!” while standing at the edge of the water to ensure everyone is aware that so many species of sharks are endangered and will go extinct if not protected from commercial fishing
If you see someone caught in a rip current, be sure to notify the lifeguard on the way back to your car
Before you depart, do your part to combat coastal erosion by dumping a trunkful of imported sand at your location
WASHINGTON, D.C. – While the mainstream media continues to obsess over Paul Manafort and Gen. Michael Flynn's supposed “Russian collusion,” totally ignored are the ties Tony Podesta, the brother of Hillary's 2016 presidential campaign chairman John Podesta, had to both Uranium One and to Sherbank, Moscow's largest state-run bank with close ties to international terrorism and to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
As the Russians gained control of Uranium One in three separate transactions from 2009 through 2013, the Podesta Group was paid a total of $630,000 between 2010 and 2015 to represent Uranium One, the Russian-controlled firm with close financial ties to the Clinton Foundation that today controls 20 percent of all U.S. uranium produced.
Podesta ties to Russian Money, Putin, and Russian clandestine operations
Among the revelations made public through the 11.5 million documents leaked by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists detailing the legal and financial arrangements behind secretive off-shore banking transactions dating back to the 1970s was the disclosure Russia's largest bank, the state-owned Sherbank, uses the Podesta Group as its registered lobbyist in Washington.
“Sberbank (Savings Bank in Russian) engaged the Podesta Group to help its public image—leading Moscow financial institutions not exactly being known for their propriety and wholesomeness—and specifically to help lift some of the pain of sanctions placed on Russia in the aftermath of the Kremlin's aggression against Ukraine, which has caused real pain to the country's hard-hit financial sector,” wrote former National Security Agency analyst and counterintelligence officer John R. Schindler in an article entitled “Panama Papers Reveal Clinton's Kremlin Connection” published by the Observer on April 7, 2016.
“It's hardly surprising that Sberbank sought the help of Democratic insiders like the Podesta Group to aid them in this difficult hour, since they clearly understand how American politics work,” Schindler continued.
“The question is why the Podesta Group took Sberbank's money,” Schindler asked. “That financial institution isn't exactly hiding in the shadows—it's the biggest bank in Russia, and its reputation leaves a lot to be desired. Nobody acquainted with Russian finance was surprised that Sberbank wound up in the Panama Papers.”
Schindler noted that since the 1990s, Sberbank has grown to be Russia's dominant bank, controlling nearly 30 percent of Russia's aggregate banking assets and employing a quarter-million people. The majority stockholder in Sberbank is Russia's Central Bank, making Sberbank functionally an arm of the Russian government, though officially Sberbank is a private institution.
“Certainly, Western intelligence is well acquainted with Sberbank, noting its close relationship with Vladimir Putin and his regime. Funds moving through Sberbank are regularly used to support clandestine Russian intelligence operations, while the bank uses its offices abroad as cover for the Russian Foreign Intelligence Service or SVR,” Schindler pointed out.
A NATO counterintelligence official explained that Sberbank, which has outposts in almost two dozen foreign countries, “functions as a sort of arm of the SVR outside Russia, especially because many of its senior employees are ‘former' Russian intelligence officers.” Inside the country, Sberbank has an equally cozy relationship with the Federal Security Service or FSB, Russia's powerful domestic intelligence agency.
On April 17, 2014, the Moscow Times reported Ukraine opened criminal proceedings against Sberbank and 13 other banks on suspicion of “financing terrorism.”
Schindler noted the Ukrainian criminal infestation concluded Sberbank had distributed millions of dollars in illegal aid to Russian-backed separatists fighting in eastern Ukraine, with the bank serving as “a witting supporter of Russian aggression against Ukraine.”
On April 5, 2016Lachlan Markay reporting in the Washington Free Beacon published the lobbying registration form the Podesta Group filed with the U.S. government proving Sberbank had contracted with the Podesta Group to advance their interests with banking, trade, and foreign relations.
Markay further reported that according to the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project, a consortium of journalists exploring the Panama Papers leak, Sberbank and Troika Dialog have ties to companies used by members of Putin's inner circle to funnel state resources into lucrative private investments.
“Some of these companies were initially connected to the Troika Dialog investment fund, which was controlled and run by Sberbank after the bank bought the Troika Dialog investment bank. Troika and Sberbank declined to comment,” Markay noted the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project, concluded in a report published in April 2016.
On March 30, 2016, Politico reported the Podesta Group registered to lobby for the U.S. subsidiary of Sherbank to see if relief could be obtained for the bank in the easing of U.S. sanctions against Russia for Russia's role in the Ukraine conflict.
The Podesta Group and the Russian uranium scam
As first documented in Peter Schweizer's bestselling book “Clinton Cash,” and confirmed in Jerome Corsi's bestselling book “Partners in Crime: The Clinton's Scheme to Monetize the White House,” Uranium One directed millions to the Clinton Foundation as the Russian government gained ownership of the company.
New York Times reporters Jo Becker and Mike McIntire, in an article entitled “Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal,” that the newspaper printed on April 23, 2015, documented the tie between the Russians and the Clinton Foundation as the Uranium One deal evolved.
“As the Russians gradually assumed control of Uranium One in three separate transactions from 2009 to 2013, Canadian records show, a flow of cash made its way to the Clinton Foundation,” Becker and McIntire wrote.
“Uranium One's chairman used his family foundation to make four donations totaling $2.35 million,” the New York Times reporters continued. “Those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons, despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors. Other people with ties to the company made donations as well.”
Becker and McIntire further noted that shortly after the Russians announced their intention to acquire a majority stake in Uranium One, Bill Clinton received $500,000 for a Moscow speech from a Russian investment bank with links to the Kremlin that was promoting Uranium One stock.
CIFUS is the acronym for the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, the inter-agency committee of the U.S. government, operating out of the U.S. Treasury, that is responsible to review and authorize transactions of a U.S. business that could result in a foreign person or entity undermining U.S. national security interests.
As secretary of state, Hillary Clinton was a member of CIFUS and she was the only presidential candidate in 2008 to make an issue of the importance of strengthening CIFUS to protect U.S. economic sovereignty and national security.
In October 2010, CIFUS reviewed and approved the Rosatom acquisition of majority control in Uranium One before the deal was done.
In 2013, Rosatom acquired all remaining shares of Uranium One. Becker and McIntire estimated that by 2015, after getting CIFUS approval, the Russians ended up controlling one-fifth of all uranium production capacity in the United States.
John Podesta served as Clinton Foundation CEO
According to a New York Times report published Aug. 13, 2013, in 2011, a wave of midlevel program staff members departed the Clinton Foundation, “reflecting the frustration of much of the foundation's policy personnel with the old political hands running the organization.”
Around that time, in 2011, Bruce Lindsey, then the Clinton Foundation's CEO, suffered a stroke, underscoring concerns about the foundation's line of succession. John D. Podesta, a chief of staff in Mr. Clinton's White House, stepped in for several months as temporary chief executive.
An earlier version of this report was published by Jerome R. Corsi, “Media Neglect Clinton-Linked Firm's Role in Russia Scandal, WND.com, Sept. 28, 2016, http://www.wnd.com/2016/09/media-neglect-clinton-linked-firms-role-in-russia-scandal/.
The Oakland Raiders fans have been calling for a change from offensive coordinator Todd Downing for the bulk of the 2017 season, but after the team's loss to the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 14, it hit a peak.
Fans were desperately hoping to see the change happen this week, and while it seemed to be a possibility after the team's horrible performance against the Chiefs, we apparently won't be seeing the change happen anytime soon.
As The Athletic's Jimmy Durkin reported, Raiders head coach Jack Del Rio told Damon Bruce on 95.7 The Game that Downing will remain in his role throughout the remainder of 2017.
Jack Del Rio tells @DamonBruce on @957thegame that Todd Downing will remain offensive coordinator for the rest of the season. — Jimmy Durkin (@Jimmy_Durkin) December 11, 2017
It's safe to say this move won't go over well with the fanbase.
The Oakland Raiders are looking to right the ship after Week 14! Want the latest news sent straight to your inbox? – Sign up for our FREE Raiders newsletter now!
The offense has taken a massive step back from 2016 when it thrived under Bill Musgrave. Last season, the Raiders ranked No. 7 in the NFL in points per game (26) and No. 6 in yards per game (373.3). In comparison, they've averaged 20.3 points per game (tied No. 21) and 329.4 yards per game (No. 19) this season under Downing.
Michael McKillop broke his own world record in the T37 800m final to claim Team Irelamd's third gold medal of the day and fourth of the Games.
McKillop coasted home in a time of 1:57.22, Mohamed Charmi of Tunisia took silver in 2:01.45 and Brad Scott of Australia took bronze in 2:02.04
Michael, from Newtownabbey in Antrim, suffers from cerebral palsy and is one of Ireland's most successful Paralympic athletes.
He won the T37 800m title in Beijing and was the double world champion and world record holder over 800m and 1,500m coming into the London2012 Games.
Coached by his father Paddy, he has the honour of being the first male athlete to break a world record in the Olympic Stadium in London.
In May 2012, he ran 3:59.54 minutes in the 1,500m at the Visa London Disability Athletics Challenge, smashing his previous best of 4:14.81 and setting a new world record.
The delight gold medallist said: “If you don't enjoy that then you will never enjoy anything in your life. It's an honour to come out again and race for my country.
"But to run in front of my Mum for the first time in a major championship is something special and my friends and girlfriend is really nice.”
“I knew exactly what I had to do. I was 420 out and I just went at it, just nailed it, put the hammer down with 200 to go I looked up at the big screen, had a enough of a gap so I hit it again coming down the home straight just to be sure.
“I wanted to enjoy this as you don't often get a chance to run at a major championships like this”
It is hoped the competition can rival the Indian Premier League which attracts star names like Chris Gayle
A new city-based eight-team Twenty20 tournament has been given the go-ahead to start in 2020.
The proposals were approved by 38 of the 41 England and Wales Cricket Board members, with 15 first-class counties in support of the competition.
Essex and Middlesex were the only two counties to vote against the proposals, while Kent abstained from voting.
"I passionately believe that the game has chosen the right path," ECB chairman Colin Graves said.
The ECB needed 31 members to vote in favour of the tournament which will be played alongside the existing T20 Blast.
It is not yet known which cities will have sides and where the matches will be played.
"Each of our members will benefit and, critically, so will the whole game," Graves added. "We can now move on with building an exciting new competition for a new audience to complement our existing competitions.
"Our clear ambition is that this new competition will sit alongside the IPL and Big Bash League as one of the world's major cricket tournaments."
How will it work?
Eight new teams playing 36 games over a 38-day summer window, with four home games per team
All games televised, with significant free-to-air exposure
No scheduling overlap with the existing T20 Blast competition
An Indian Premier League-style play-off system to give more incentive for finishing higher up the league
A players' draft, with squads of 15 including three overseas players
Counties guaranteed at least £1.3m each per year
'A sustainable future for first-class counties'
The new tournament will run alongside the existing T20 Blast
The ECB has said the competition will give cricket the chance to be part of "mainstream conversation" and believes the tournament can make the sport "relevant to a whole new audience".
However, Essex are concerned it will "exclude" certain areas of the country, while Middlesex feel they will not benefit financially from Lord's being a likely base for one of the teams.
But Graves said they would make sure it benefited all counties and it marked "an exciting new era" for cricket in England and Wales.
"The ECB executive and T20 development team will now continue to work with the game as we build the new competition, ensure it is positioned distinctively from our existing competitions and realise its full potential," he added.
"All decisions - including the creation and base of each team - will be made within the game, guided by our shared strategy and built on best practice, research and insight.
"The benefits it will bring can deliver a sustainable future for all 18 first-class counties and an exciting future for the game in England and Wales."
Now this was to be done, Sooner or Later – The Government.
Ban access to Free Wi-Fi and the Tor anonymity network, according to a recent In the wake of the recent deadly Paris terror attacks, the French government is considering new laws that wouldanonymity network, according to a recent report by French newspaper Le Monde.
The report cites an internal document from the Ministry of Interior by French Department of Civil Liberties and Legal Affairs (DLPAJ) that lists two proposed bills – one around the State of Emergency and the other on combating counter-terrorism.
Now, the government has started renewing their assault on encryption and reviving their efforts to force tech companies to hand over encryption keys, and the document obtained by Le Monde hints the same.
Proposed Pieces of Legislation
State of Emergency Proposal: In this law, the French government is considering to Forbid the use of Free and Shared Wi-Fi connections during a state of emergency. Also, if the owners of public Wi-Fi networks did not disconnect, they could face criminal penalties.
According to the police, the reason behind restricting access to free or shared Wi-Fi is that it is apparently difficult to track suspects who use public Wi-Fi networks to communicate, so the law would shut down public Wi-Fi hotspots during a state of emergency.
The state of emergency increases the powers of the police in the country. During the state of emergency, French police may search residences without a warrant, tighten border controls, and even ban public protests.
Proposal for Combating Counter-Terrorism: This legislation proposal says the government is banning or blocking communications of the Tor network as well as requiring service providers to hand over encryption keys to police – not just during a state of emergency.
Indeed, in this section of the document, the Department of Civil Liberties and Legal Affairs questioned whether such proposed pieces of legislation might violate the French Constitution.
The Onion Router, or TOR, is an anonymising network maintained by volunteers, which routes users' data requests globally, making it very hard ( , or TOR, is an anonymising network maintained by volunteers, which routes users' data requests globally, making it very hard ( but not impossible ) to discover the actual user behind the computer screen.
Tor is an easy tool to hide your real identity on the Internet and is used not only by journalists, whistleblowers, and privacy concerned people, but also by terrorists, pedophiles, and cyber criminals.
Both pieces of legislation, according to Le Monde, could appear as soon as January 2016.
If block, France would be the first European country to block TOR. Though there is no easy way to block the anonymising network, China and Iran have both made successful attempts to block TOR.
Black graduate students at Harvard University will soon be a part of a first-of-its-kind ceremony.
On May 23, the prestigious university will hold an individual ceremony for black graduate students, according to a report by The Root. The ceremony, which took a year to plan, celebrates “fellowship” not “segregation,” Michael Huggins, a graduate student that will receive his master's of public policy from the Harvard Kennedy School this month, told The Root.
“This is an opportunity to celebrate Harvard's black excellence and black brilliance,” Michael Huggins told the online publication. “It's an event where we can see each other and our parents and family can see us as a collective, whole group. A community.”
More than 120 students have registered to partake in the ceremony, which will be held at Holmes Field, near the Harvard law School in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The students raised more than $27,000 to pay for the ceremony and a reception that will follow. The student body hopes to organize a similar ceremony for black undergraduate students at Harvard next year, Huggins said.
The graduate students still plan to participate in the school's main ceremony later this month. Last year, Harvard was named the No. 2 best college for African-Americans by Essence and MONEY magazines.
“This is not about segregation,” Huggins told The Root. “It's about fellowship and building a community. This is a chance to reaffirm for each other that we enter the work world with a network of supporters standing with us. We are all partners.”
A Sunday morning fire gutted the bar area of Fat Harry's, but the owner of the beloved gathering spot on St. Charles Avenue was already promising to rebuild before firefighters had even left the scene.
Firefighters were called to the bar at the corner of Napoleon some time before 8 a.m., and arrived to find smoke coming out of all sides of the building, said NOFD District Chief John LeBlanc. Once they got inside, they found the fire coming from the bar area, LeBlanc said.
Investigators were still trying to determine the cause. The building was saved, but much of the inside will need to be gutted, LeBlanc said.
“The main structure of the building is sound,” LeBlanc said. “It's just internal.”
Next door, Superior Seafood did not seem to receive any damage, said manager Andrew Lugo.
Fat Harry's owner Debbie Huling, standing on the sidewalk surrounded by supporters, said she did not yet know what caused the blaze, but was already focused on moving forward.
“We're going to do our repair work and get back open,” Huling said. “All we ask is that people keep us in your thoughts and prayers, and come support us when we reopen.”
After Hurricane Isaac passed, Fat Harry's was one of the first Uptown businesses to reopen, using a generator to begin serving customers Thursday morning. News of the fire spread quickly Sunday morning, and longtime customer Dexter Stephens rushed over to see what happened, with a Fat Harry's hat perched on his head.
His first time to step in the bar was 38 years ago, he said.
“This is a family,” Stephens said. “It's been like a family to me since I've known them.”
Basic income scheme will be a good start to fight hunger
INDIA has been self-sufficient in food since the Green Revolution. Yet hunger persists in some parts of India and surfaces in the form of starvation deaths. In a few years, India will be the most populous nation, with a population of 1.4 billion, and if hunger is not eradicated, it will not be able to meet the UN's second Sustainable Development Goal.
In cities, people with money have access to a variety of food and cuisines from all across the world. There is plenty of food which gets wasted. Even with so much food around, people queue up for free food in front of temples and hospitals daily because they are hungry.
It is somewhat shocking to learn that India is ranked lower than some sub-Saharan African countries, Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and China in the Global Hunger Index. It is a national shame that India has slipped from the 83rd position in 2000 to the 97th position in 2016, among 118 countries, even though we have climbed up four places in the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Index in the last one year!
Hunger index is based on parameters such as shares of undernourished population, wasted and stunted children aged below five years and infant mortality rate. Amidst so much progress on many fronts and having the highest rate of GDP growth in the world, to have millions of undernourished children is something inexplicable and shows the extent of inequality of incomes and callousness towards the poor.
‘Wasting' refers to underweight children in relation to their height and reflects acute undernourishment. Stunting of children refers to lower height achieved in relation to age that reflects chronic undernourishment. In India, both types are prevalent in large numbers and 15 per cent of the population is undernourished. The percentage of ‘wasted' children is 15 per cent and stunted 39 per cent.
What could be the reason? Lack of good quality food is one reason, but low quantity of food intake is also an important reason. When both are present, children grow up abnormally as ‘wasted' or stunted.
Children living in an unhealthy environment with problems in access to safe drinking water suffer from water-borne diseases and diarrhoea which lead to underweight children and subsequent wasting. Infant mortality is also high at 4.8 per cent due to the same reasons of undernourishment and poor healthcare.
Hence undernourishment can be attributed to a large number of reasons, but perhaps the main reason could be persistent low incomes of households as well as lack of sanitation, potable water, and regular health checkups.
Since income is a major causal factor of the undernourishment index, is it possible to implement the much-talked about universal basic income scheme to battle the problem? In this scheme, a minimum amount, say, Rs 10,000 per year (Rs 11,664 per person per year defines rural poverty line) will be deposited in the bank account of all citizens and it will guarantee each individual a basic income and will eliminate the problem of selection. There are still around 370 million poor struggling to feed their families with nutritious food. They would benefit from the cash to buy food on a regular basis.
Some questions can be raised about how to finance this kind of safety net which several economists are now supporting. It could be done by cutting out non-merit subsidies — the ones that do not reach the people and are poorly targeted, and saving money to the extent of 9 to 10 per cent of the GDP. In addition, raising money from additional taxes and removing various tax exemptions for the rich can lead to additional income for the government. A tax on agricultural incomes cannot, however, be imposed because of political reasons. Many have argued that this cash handout will act as a disincentive to work and that women will withdraw from the labour force. But all such arguments get weakened when we realise the kind of deprivation that still is prevalent in the poorest sections of the population in both urban and rural areas. At least with a minimum amount of cash in the bank, people will be able to buy food for their hungry children. Undernourishment will then be reduced.
Every effort should also be made by the states to increase the efficient delivery of health, sanitation and educational services to the poor through higher investments in these areas. The universal basic income cannot replace the government's investment in the provision of basic amenities to the population, but it can give cash in the pockets of the poor for food. Of course, many people who are poor and irresponsible will use the money for alcohol and drugs, but most people would use it for the welfare of their families as has been the case in many countries.
In terms of human rights, universal basic income guarantees each person the right to food. The seriousness of the problem of undernourishment should be highlighted and tackled at the national level because states alone cannot handle a problem of such enormity. The Integrated Child Development Scheme, for children up to seven years of age, is the biggest Central child welfare scheme. Yet the many loopholes and ineffective implementation of the scheme leaves much to be desired in the way children are looked after in anganwadis. Many are without proper facilities like toilets and play spaces. The other scheme for providing nourishment to schoolchildren — the midday meal scheme — is also lacking in strength. In some states, they have been successful and children have benefited, but in many states, there is rampant corruption in the operation of the scheme. The scheme should be refurbished because very often it is the only meal that a child coming from a poor household has during the day. To climb up the hunger index ought to be the top priority for India which is staking its claim to becoming a global power.
Rosberg: I won't give Bottas tips or give away Lewis' secrets
Reigning Nico Rosberg has revealed that his replacement at Mercedes, Valtteri Bottas, wants to have a chin-wag ahead of the new Formula 1 season, which the reigning World Champion will be watching from the sidelines.
Rosberg revealed, “Valtteri asked to sit down with me. I am happy to do that, but I will not give him any tips or give away Lewis' secrets, although of course I know him very well. I will remain neutral.”
“I will of course continue to follow developments and I'm looking forward to seeing the new car and will definitely be at the track for five or six races. I will continue to work with the sponsors,” confirmed the German.
New regulations are expected to level the playing field in the forthcoming season, but Rosberg doies not have any doubt that the Silver Arrows will be at the sharp end of proceedings, “We are simply the best team and have the best chance. But Red Bull and Ferrari can never be underestimated.”
“I'm still a huge fan of our sport and I'm already excited about the first tests,” added Rosberg who said in the wake of his retirement, “I'm just going to be at home, sitting on a couch, watching TV.”
Eric Savin was a lieutenant colonel in the United States Army at Camp Killian, and was put in charge of Project: Ultra-Tech. There he met the love of his life, Lieutenant Gina Dyson. While on patrol, Savin stepped onto a freshly planted mine which blew him into pieces. He was dead for 2.3 minutes. Gina immediately performed cybernetic surgery on him. The surgery was successful — Savin was alive, but resurrected as a cyborg by Mako's Project: Ultra-Tech. Dyson aided him in battling Mako's robots and apparently slew Mako in combat.[1] He then goes by "Coldblood-7" from there on; the 7 in the name was a mere wordplay on his real name as his surname is pronounced in the same way.[2]
Coldblood became an urban soldier cyborg, operating as a freelance mercenary. He evaded capture by Mechadoom.[3] Coldblood hunted down and fought the third Deathlok in Paris. He then joined forces with Deathlok and Siege in defeating Harlan Ryker's cyber-warriors.[4]
Coldblood gave in to his cyborg-form at one point but was brought back to the human side in him with Gina's help.[5]
In later missions, Coldblood was hired by Roxxon Oil and had to get a stolen biochemical weapon back from Dr. Jonathan Cayre's lab. Coldblood gained the help of the original Excalibur team and succeeded in his mission.[5] Again later, he worked together with fellow cyborg Deathlok, Silver Sable and the Wildpack against the villain group ULTIMATUM.[6]
In the 2006-2007 Civil War storyline, Coldblood was one of the many super-heroes against the Superhuman Registration Act, and was arrested.[7] He is seen being transported to the Pro-Registration super-prison 42 built within the Negative Zone, but almost immediately suffers a paralyzing, psychotic break apparently due to the sensory warping effects of his new environment and his own anguish.[8] Later, he is seen in the background behind Steve Rogers and the others just before the final confrontation after being freed during the exodus created by the resistance.[9] Coldblood then participated during the battle between both sides, and was later referred to being missing in action.[10]
(Rachel Orr/The Washington Post; iStock)
Wen Tao has been saying what he thinks on China's booming social-media outlets for the best part of a decade.
His forthright views have won him tens of thousands of followers, but his criticism of the authorities has also come at a cost: He says his social-media accounts have been closed down about 20 times, and he has been bombarded with curses, personal insults and death threats from other social-media users.
China's Communist Party and its military say they are waging an ideological war against hostile Western ideas on the Internet, and people like Wen are in the firing line.
Through censorship, intimidation and repression, and with the help of an army of “patriotic” netizens, the party appears to be winning.
It is part of China's larger effort to tame the Internet and to disprove the notion that the flow of ideas across the World Wide Web would be an unstoppable force toward democracy. News and information that might threaten the Communist Party are kept out of the country under a system of censorship known as the Great Firewall, while foreign social-media networks such as Facebook and Twitter that allow private citizens to share ideas and join forces are also banned. Behind the wall, China's own social-media networks are closely policed to ensure public opinion does not coalesce into a threat to one-party rule.
In February, the government finally banned Wen for good, among a group of Internet users who had supposedly abused their influence, spread rumors and disrupted social order.
Now, he is about ready to give up.
“I am tired,” he said in an interview at a Beijing coffee shop. “The most important thing now is I should lead a happy life with my wife. I want to sleep well.”
Guobin Yang, an associate professor at the University of Pennsylvania and author of many books on China's Internet, says the online environment has “really changed” in recent years.
“Critical voices are still there, but it is less likely they will coalesce into a broader form of online protest,” he said.
Commuters ride the subway in Beijing. Mobile-device usage and e-commerce are in wide use in the Chinese capital despite serious restrictions on Internet access. (Michael Robinson Chavez/The Washington Post)
Indeed, social media is increasingly being harnessed by autocratic regimes to bolster their rule, says University of Toronto political scientist Seva Gunitsky. It helps dictatorships gauge public opinion and discover otherwise hidden grievances, while also allowing them to disseminate propaganda and shape the contours of public debate.
“China has been at the forefront of this, and they are quickly getting very sophisticated about it,” he said. “Social media can allow autocrats to become stronger, more informed and more adaptable. As with radio and television before it, social media is not just a way to spread information but a potential tool of subtle control and ma­nipu­la­tion — one that often works more effectively than brute-force suppression.”
In a refinement of traditional Communist Party propaganda, the core of the attempt to tame social media since 2008 has been to “channel” public opinion into narratives that suit the party and divert attention away from controversy, says David Bandurski at the University of Hong Kong's China Media Project.
Censors work selectively, especially targeting posts that threaten to spur some form of collective action. Pro-government voices generally do not engage critics in discussion or argument — that would draw too much attention to controversial subjects — but do often subject them to personal attack.
The war was effectively declared in earnest in July 2011, after a high-speed train crash in Wenzhou in eastern China, when news and outrage spread over Chinese social media and the party felt it had lost control of the narrative, experts say.
In October of that year, the party's top leadership vowed to “seize the commanding heights” of the Internet and has steadily rolled out a series of measures to do just that — a campaign that has only intensified since Xi Jinping became president in 2013.
Early targets: the influential commentators, known as Big V's (V stands for verified account), who enjoyed millions of fans and huge influence. In 2013, Charles Xue, an American venture capitalist of Chinese origin and a leading liberal blogger, was arrested for having sex with a prostitute and forced to make a humiliating televised confession — for being puffed up with vanity and behaving like he was “emperor of the Internet.” State news agency Xinhua said a warning bell had been sounded to all Big V's.
Ordinary citizens, meanwhile, were warned off with a threat of up to three years in jail for spreading rumors if their posts were viewed more than 5,000 times or reposted 500 times.
Real-name verification was introduced for social-media accounts, while the government warned Internet giant Sina last year to intensify its own censorship of online comments on its popular Weibo microblogging site — or have it closed down.
Broadening the campaign, China's Internet regulator told news websites on June 21 to crack down on online comment sections, cleaning up comments that violated what are described as “nine don'ts and seven bottom lines,” including endangering state security, challenging socialism and inciting ethnic hatred.
Ren Xianliang, deputy director of the Cyberspace Administration of China, addressed editors in a national videoconference, urging them to make it easier for people to supervise one another by reporting “harmful” comments and asking websites to promote positive comments to foster a “healthy and well-intentioned” online culture.
The Communist Party's own Internet army is at the forefront of these efforts.
Some posters are popularly believed to be paid — the ­“wumao” (the 50-cent Party) who are supposedly given half a renminbi ($0.08) for every post praising the government or denigrating its critics.
But a much larger number may just be employees of the state, doing part-time work outside their main jobs to support the party's agenda.
Various arms of the Chinese government, together with individual state employees, by their own admission operate more than 150,000 official Weibo accounts, but the real number of accounts run by state employees could be far higher.
A study released in May by Harvard University's Gary King, Stanford University's Jennifer Pan and the University of California at San Diego's Margaret Roberts suggests that government-directed accounts generate nearly 450 million posts a year, with intense bursts of “cheerleading” or “distraction” around specific events or at sensitive times.
Others are volunteers, reportedly recruited by the Communist Youth League in the millions to spread “positive energy” and “civilize” the Internet. They are nicknamed the “Bring-your-own-grainers” because they supposedly work for free.
Some might just be ordinary Chinese netizens who say they are tired of people putting their country down.
“Public intellectuals are too eager to spread anything negative regardless of its factual accuracy,” one pro-party microblogger said in an online interview. “They oppose the government and the system regardless. They are not objective or fair, that's why people dislike them.”
True believers could come from a new breed of young people, brought up after the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests, who are proud of China's rising global power and suspicious of Western criticism as an attempt to block its rise. They cast themselves as “patriots,” tapping into the party's nationalist narrative.
“The rise of China gave them a lot of confidence,” the microblogger explained, saying it was “not convenient” to give his real name because he did not want trouble.
Experts say the participation of these various pro-party groups has transformed China's social-media environment.
On the other side, prominent critics of the government might be blocked, insulted or accused by their fellow netizens of spreading rumors — a charge that now has legal bite.
Yang, the University of Pennsylvania professor, calls it a form of “psychological war” but also a harking back to the early days of Communist China, when the masses were mobilized to support major new government policy directives.
“It's a Maoist-era strategy revived in new technological conditions,” he said.
In the heady days of “Twitter revolutions,” it was supposed to be impossible to put the genie of public opinion back in the bottle, once the Internet and social media had let it out. But China's Communist Party has made a determined effort to do just that.
In its annual “Public Opinion Report” for 2015, the People's Daily Online reported a “major increase in consensus online” in support of the party, with millions of “young cyber civilization volunteers” emerging as the most prominent force.
“Due to the strengthened management of online platforms, netizens showed an increased sense of self-discipline,” it said. “The heat of public opinion continues to drop.”
The Big V's, it reported, no longer have so many followers, and their opinions are less widely reposted. Whereas the Wenzhou train crash attracted 500 million Weibo posts in 2011, the 2014 crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 attracted just 25 million. Last year's sinking of a cruise ship on the Yangtze River also generated a relatively muted reaction online.
President Xi says he wants an Internet that is “clear and bright” but in April told leaders of the country's top Internet companies, as well as officials and academics, that he did not want to shut down criticism entirely.
Indeed, he called for “more tolerance and patience” toward netizens and said he welcomed online criticism “whether mild or fierce,” as long as it arises from goodwill, the People's Daily reported.
Authorities then apparently censored negative reactions to his speech on social media.
Blogger Wen, a 43-year-old former reporter, says he has found official tolerance in extremely short supply.
In 2011, shortly after making a documentary on artist and dissident Ai Weiwei, he says he was taken away by police and held in a hotel room for 83 days, one hand constantly chained to a chair. He says he was never charged with any crime nor given any written record of his detention.
In similar fashion, he says he has now been banned from the Internet without any formal notification of what he had done wrong.
“I am not a fighter; I am not an activist. I am not commenting on behalf of any organization. All my words are my own,” he said. “I just want freedom of speech without fear.”
Xu Yangjingjing contributed to this report.
Read more
Wanted: Ten million Chinese students to ‘civilize' the Internet
China broadcasts confession of Chinese American blogger
China's scary lesson to the world: Censoring the Internet works
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Prior to this month, I had only ever bought one item on eBay, and it had absolutely nothing to do with either drinks or collecting. It was an ad for Clarks shoes, part of a long-abandoned, early 1980s print campaign that starred my then-bachelor dad plugging a pair of “practically beautiful” Wallabee loafers. Carefully torn from a magazine, the ad had been transferred—presumably by a comfort shoe enthusiast—to a clear plastic paper protector and stored flat for more than two decades before being sold (to me) for a cool seven bucks. Why someone decided to save the ad, let alone auction it off to the general public, I don't know, but such is the beautiful mystery of eBay.
Since its founding in 1995, eBay has transitioned from an online yard sale of sorts to a more generalized sales service not unlike Amazon, which was founded just one year earlier. But for all intents and purposes, eBay still operates much in the same way it did during the early days of its existence, offering up an abundance of precious antiques, hard-to-find collectibles, music memorabilia and bonafide crap—all of it just a bid away.
It was a deep dive into the site's Collectible Barware section that inspired our latest series, “Shit We Found on eBay,” in which we'll be bidding on, hopefully winning and proceeding to auction off (to you, for free!) the items that make us scratch our heads and think, “Man, I could really benefit from owning this, but don't know how or why.”
As to be expected, there's plenty to choose from: eagle-shaped decanters with shot glass heads, Grecian drama-inspired jiggers with clanking bell earrings and a veritable plethora of swizzle sticks in every shape and size. This round, we even stumbled upon an expensive collectors' market for ruby-red art deco cocktail shakers fashioned into the shape of a woman's leg (originally made in the late 1930s, these have sold for sums averaging more than $1,500 on multiple occasions).
But what really caught our attention this month was a more modest item: a vintage, lightweight, cocktail-shaking yo-yo—an entirely unnecessary, albeit highly desirable, object offered up in an original box emblazoned with promotional phrases like “Makes drinking compulsive!”; “Keep ‘em dangling!”; and “Yo-yo ho and a bottle of rum!”
The manufacturer of the yo-yo cocktail shaker was the Alabe Crafts company, which became famous for an entirely unrelated, wholly iconic creation: the Magic 8-Ball. The company's name was a mash-up of the names of its founders, Albert Carter and Abe Bookman, the former of whom had, in the mid-1940s, invented a cylindrical fortune-telling device inspired by his mother, the clairvoyant Madame Mary.
But back to our your yo-yo. Alabe Crafts, having been sold to Ideal Toys in 1971, almost certainly produced the shaker before then, most likely in the years following the Eisenhower Era. Per a deep-dive into the history of yo-yo patenting (which we will spare you from here), the yo-yo cocktail shaker most likely dates to the mid-1960s.
So what happened when we mixed a drink in this 50-year-old G-rated adult toy? Much to our delight, it was a success. We poured bourbon, lemon and simple syrup and dropped a modest two ice cubes into each of the yo-yo's two adjacent compartments, and screwed tight the lids (double-checking the seals), before taking turns bouncing our double Whiskey Sours (sans egg white) into completion. Straining, admittedly, wasn't the yo-yo's strong point, but let's face it: No one cared.
Selfishly, I'd like to keep this item. But, in a tip of the hat to the enduring spirit of eBay, it is time to hand over this wonderfully nostalgic and unnecessary shaker to someone new.
Editor's Note: The sweepstakes has closed; keep an eye out for the next installment of “Sh*t We Found on eBay” for another chance to win a strange-yet-wonderful cocktail collectible.
Chicago courtroom, mid 1910s. A spittoon is seen on the floor at bottom right.
Decorated Surinam porcelain spittoon. Note this type of spittoon has a spout hole on the side for emptying.
A spittoon (or spitoon) is a receptacle made for spitting into, especially by users of chewing and dipping tobacco. It is also known as a cuspidor (which is the Portuguese word for "spitter" or "spittoon", from the verb "cuspir" meaning "to spit"), although that term is also used for a type of spitting sink used in dentistry.
United States in the 19th century [ edit ]
Early 20th century toleware spittoon
In the late 19th century, spittoons became a very common feature of pubs, brothels, saloons, hotels, stores, banks, railway carriages, and other places where people (especially adult men) gathered, most notably in the United States, but allegedly also in Australia.
Brass was the most common material for spitoons. Other materials used for mass production of spittoons ranged from basic functional iron to elaborately crafted cut glass and fine porcelain. At higher class places like expensive hotels, spittoons could be elaborately decorated.
Spittoons are flat-bottomed, often weighted to minimize tipping over, and often with an interior "lip" to make spilling less likely if they tip. Some have lids, but this is rare. Some have holes, sometimes with a plug, to aid in draining and cleaning.
Use of spittoons was considered an advance of public manners and health, intended to replace previously common spitting on floors, streets, and sidewalks. Many places passed laws against spitting in public other than into a spittoon.
Boy Scout troops organized campaigns to paint "Do not Spit on the Sidewalk" notices on city sidewalks. In 1909 in Cincinnati, Ohio, scout troops together with members of the Anti-Tuberculosis League painted thousands of such messages in a single night.[1] A mass-produced sign seen in saloons read:
If you expect to rate as a gentleman Do not expectorate on the floor
Spittoons were also useful for people suffering from tuberculosis who would cough up phlegm. Public spittoons would sometimes contain a solution of an antiseptic such as carbolic acid with the aim of limiting transmission of disease. With the start of the 20th century medical doctors urged tuberculosis sufferers to use personal pocket spittoons instead of public ones; these were jars with tight lids which people could carry with them to spit into. Similar devices are still used by some with tuberculosis.
After the 1918 flu epidemic, both hygiene and etiquette advocates began to disparage public use of the spittoon, and use began to decline. Chewing gum replaced tobacco as the favorite chew of the younger generation. Cigarettes were considered more hygienic than spit-inducing chewing tobacco. While it was still not unusual to see spittoons in some public places in parts of the US as late as the 1930s, vast numbers of old brass spittoons met their ends in the scrap drives[2][3] of World War II.
A large public collection of spittoons can be found at Duke Homestead State Historic Site,[4] Durham, North Carolina. In 2008, the site's tobacco museum added 282 spittoons—claimed to be the world's largest collection—to its holdings of over 100.[5]
In Chinese society [ edit ]
In China during the Qing Dynasty and later in Japan, a golden spittoon would be among the numerous objects displayed in front of the Emperor at major ceremonies.[7]
After China became a Communist state in 1949, the spittoon became much more prevalent: spittoons were placed at every conceivable public place, and were commonplace in homes as well. The mass introduction of spittoons was no doubt a public hygiene initiative, motivated by a desire to curtail the still common Chinese practice of spitting onto the floor. The spittoons used in China were typically made of white porcelain, sometimes with traditional Chinese art painted onto the exterior.
Spittoons were used even during official functions by the political leaders of China; especially when Deng Xiaoping had a frequent use of spittoon with other political leaders.[8] This eventually became a source of ridicule by the mass media outside China. As a response, the spittoons have largely been withdrawn from public spaces in China since the late 1980s.
In May 2015, the Spittoon Collective came into being, probably the largest English-language literary collectives in China. They publish the Spittoon[9] literary magazine.
Latter-day models [ edit ]
While spittoons are still made, they are no longer commonly found in public places (except as decorations). There are a few companies that currently make spittoons for users of smokeless tobacco, such as MudJug and Spitbud. Professions in which spittoons are commonly used are coffee, tea and wine tasting. A taster will sip samples and then spit them into a spittoon in order to avoid intoxication.[10] Makeshift spittoons, such as large mixing bowls, can be used by people with a cold who are frequently coughing up phlegm.
Spittoons remained in use in the Southern United States in public buildings at least until the 1970s. For example, the Georgia Capitol Museum in the Georgia Capitol Building in Atlanta, Georgia has on display a spittoon of the type that was used in legislative sessions into the 1970s.
The United States Senate also has spittoons spread across the Senate Chamber as they are considered a Senate tradition.[11] Similarly, each Justice on the United States Supreme Court has a spittoon next to his or her seat in the courtroom. However, the spittoons function merely as wastebaskets; the last time the spittoon was used for its customary purpose was in the early 20th century.[12]
See also [ edit ]
The Gibraltar Financial Services Commission (GFSC) plans to create a new a license for startups working with blockchain.
According to Reuters, the license would apply to firms transmitting money or assets using blockchain or distributed ledger technology. However, said GFSC head of risk and innovation Nicky Gomez, companies are looking to governments to regulate blockchain usage.
Gomez told the publication:
“This is the first instance of a purpose-built legislative framework for businesses that use blockchain or distributed ledger technology.”
On Friday, Gibraltar will follow through by publishing its guidance on how to apply a new law passed last week that amends its Financial Services (Investment and Fiduciary Services) Act to legally define how blockchains can be used for storing and transmitting data.
As CoinDesk has reported, the next steps would be to pass a bill specifically aimed at DLT platforms, as well as another potential bill regulating initial coin offerings.
The Gibraltar government's senior advisor on DLT, Sian Jones, told Reuters that the new regulations will allow businesses to more easily gain bank accounts and establish their legitimacy with potential customers.
Under the framework, startups will be required to hold some capital, though the exact amount will be determined on a case-by-case basis. They will also be required to follow anti-money laundering and terrorist financing regulations, the news source reports.
“We have been talking with law firms and advisors helping companies to get established here,” Jones said.
Gibraltar images via Shutterstock
An overused image, lol :P
A few days ago the above silhouette is revealed with an anouncement of a new Gundam anime. Just yesterday scans from Coro Coro Comic were released on the web with information on this new series “Gundam AGE”.
Rough translation of the scans after the jump.
Images from Gigazine:
http://gigazine.net/news/20110609_mobile_suite_gundam_age/
Can't seem to find any better scans.
[Right edge green yellow title]
Coro Coro's most noted anime this fall finally starts!!
[Top edge blue gradient]
This is – our Gundam of the New Generation!!
[Purple outlined beside green yellow title]
Father, Son, Grandson. In the midst of the Gundam's battles, the epic story of the protagonists spanning 3 generations begins!
[On characters, orange, black, offwhite clothing]
Flit Asuno
The protagonist who developed the “AGE System” equipped mobile suit. Gundam AGE-1.
Azam Asuno
Flit's son also the second protagonist. Suceeds the Gundam [? blurry kanji]
Kio Asuno
Flit's grandson. The third protagonist who suceeds [? blurry kanji] the Gundam that is handed down the generations.
[Bottom right box]
Secret of the hit
Planning with collaboration with Level 5!
Level 5's Mr Akihiro who produced “Inazuma Eleven” and “Danball Senki” is in charge of the story! [? kanji blurry, cannot make out next sentence meaning]
[Yellow text in sphere/circle]
Story and Character introduction!!
[Top right green yellow title]
Board the Gundam and stand up against the unknown enemy!
[White text]
Self-learning computer “AGE System” equipped humanoid mobile weapon (MS), thats “Gundam AGE”! Start up the massive machine!
{Thought: Feels like something Flit says as he summons AGE with his device thing, lol.}
[Beside alien creature]
Mysterious enemy, Gakoran
Alien-like mysterious enemy that [? something, attack or cornered? blurry kanji] humankind.
[Blue glow title]
Fighting with the Gundam to defend the Earth!
[White text bside blue glow]
Attacked by the enemy “UE” which suddenly appeared, Flit together with the Federation's techonology developers completed the “Gundam”. Becoming strong enough to fight back, the mysterious enemy UE are defeated again and again! To protect humankind, the Gundam fights!
[Beside character potraits]
Emily
The first friend of the Flit since 7 years old.[? very rough as blurry text]
{there s a (?) in the description}
Glutech
[?Rank? Blurry text] of the Earth Federation Army, captain of the battleship Diva.
Millers
Lieutenant of the Federation Army, communications officer of the battleship Diva.
[Bottom Gundam box]
This is the Gundam AGE-1 that the protagonist pilots!
The Gundam using the “AGE System” evolves {says grow but evolve seems more fitting}! Battle experience…evolve…form changes…! [? more blurry text]
[Near Gundam images]
Gundam AGE-1 Normal[?]
[Text on both sides of Gundam]
By fighting the Gundam's form changes
Power Type
Gundam AGE-1 Titus
[?Blur text]
Speed Type
Gundam AGE-1 Sparrow
[?Blur text]
{Note that the names are non-official, just guesswork}
[Left vertical title]
4 Ultimate Projects in progress!!
[Top title]
Manga, hobby, game, card
Gundam AGE attacks you from all aspects!!
Not just anime, but from various genre to [?blur text] you all!
[Top left portion]
Manga
AGE's world to be manga-fied first!
[?Blur text]
{the manga is going to be out before anime}
[Bottom left portion]
Card
Fierce card battle! “Gundam Tri Age”
Scan card to battle!
Late July [something] planned!!
[?Blur text]
{a card battle game like the Kamen Rider and Sentai one where you use the cards on an arcade machine to battle}
[Top right portion]
Hobby
MS fully reproduced in Plamo and Figure!
[?Blur text]
{gunpla pictures}
[Box below plamo section]
“AGE Device” plamo spotted at Next Gen WHF location!
{The device Flit is holding in the picture last page}
WHF [something] page 22!
[Bottom left portion]
Game
Fight the 100 Year War with AGE's protagonists!
[?Blur text]
{Level 5, surely have game :P}
A story playing across 3 different time periods…
Somewhat like Z, ZZ and CCA all in one series.
Massive side-stories potential?
100 Years War?
With the Gakoran?
Or will there be something different, like some Titans/A-Laws-like human faction?
Power struggles, change in power stuff.
Will the 3 time periods play in parallel or one after another?
The past affects the future format?
Unless the AGE system has time travel functions.
Will there be more Gundams or more AGE forms?
3 forms, 3 fighting styles, 3 protagonists.
A form for each time period, unlocked by each protagonist?
More Gundam? AGE-2 and AGE-3 etc?
Is AGE an acronym?
Imagine a SRW or G Gen plot with Gundam 00's ELS replaced with the Gekoran to link 00 and AGE :P
What are the Gakoran, really aliens?
Enemy characters not revealed yet.
Mecha vs Aliens, pretty Super Robot like.
Also the “AGE Device”, lol…
Comparable to the device thing used in Gear Fighter Dendoh?
26 episodes? 2×26 episodes?
Who will sing the OP?
Lots of questions in my head.
Though it seems to be children-orientated by being in Coro Coro, I hope it will have a good story.
Or maybe Gundam Ace will have a more mature side-story(or stories :P) in store?
Well, first if its profitable (I suppose it is with this much planned).
Lets wait and see what more will be reveled on June 13th.
[Update] Here and here for more info.
A new version of the GNOME Tweak Tool is available for testing in Ubuntu 17.10 — and it includes some nifty new options!
You can read a full surmise of the changes in the GNOME Tweak Tool 3.25.2 blog post announcement, but the key tweaks and changes to the tool you'll want to know about are:
‘About' dialog now shows GTK+ version number
Option to disable trackpad while typing
Option to display battery percentage in top bar
Set location of window buttons
New ‘Extensions' page layout
Tweaks to ‘Desktop' pane
The layout of the GNOME Shell Extensions page has been tweaked to conform to the layout of other panes, i.e. with toggle switches on the right-hand side. This looks much neater, though the app no longer lets you install or remove extensions. To do that you'll need to use GNOME Software.
We've shown you how to move window controls in GNOME Shell before — and it's fair to say it's a bit of a faff! So i'm please to see that GNOME Tweak Tool now has an option that lets you decide which side window button appear on, either left or right.
It remains to be seen which side Ubuntu will choose to place window controls on. It was a question asked as part of the recent GNOME desktop user survey. Whichever side Ubuntu opt for having a switch to swap the side readily accessible in an app like this means it won't be such a big deal.
Install GNOME Tweak Tool 3.25.2
All these changes listed in this post will go on to ship as part of GNOME Tweak Tool 3.26, which will be formally releases alongside GNOME 3.26 in September.
If you're running the Ubuntu 17.10 daily builds you can install this development snapshot right now. Just head to Ubuntu Software, search for ‘GNOME Tweak Tool' and click the ‘install button to, well, you know!
Alternatively, tap this button:
Install GNOME Tweak Tool from Ubuntu Software
If you're running Ubuntu 17.04 with GNOME you can also upgrade to this version of GNOME Tweak Tool by downloading the Artful package and installing it via dpkg (or similar). This method isn't supported and you may experience bugs.
Download GNOME Tweak Tool 3.25.2 (Development)
Should It Be a Default App?
On a side note, do you think GNOME Tweak Tool should be installed by default on Ubuntu 17.10?
I appreciate that it's generally considered an ‘advanced' app, and not something Joe User should be poking around in. But honestly, some of the settings in this app are ones we've all come to expect access to. And with the Ubuntu 17.10 desktop likely to ship with GNOME Extensions pre-installed, this app would provide users with an easy way to disable or change settings (like displaying touchpad while typing).
If not, can tell you know now that installing GNOME Tweak Tool will be listed in our ‘things to do after installing Ubuntu 17.10' article!
Poland and Ukraine said Tuesday they are working toward developing a regional gas hub that would end Central and Eastern Europe's dependence on Russian supplies and keep prices in line with European standards.
The region still relies to some extent on Russian natural gas and has been exposed to political pressure from Moscow, which has at times in the past limited supply volumes or hiked gas prices. Governments in the region have been reducing their imports of gas from Russia and seeking other sources. They have also been trying to become more energy-efficient, a task Ukraine still needs to fully undertake.
Poland is increasingly importing gas from other regions. Its new liquefied natural gas port has received deliveries by sea from Qatar and is expecting a delivery from the United States this week. Poland is also proceeding with a project to bring in North Sea gas.
Poland is sending some of the resources on to Ukraine, after the country cut imports from Russia in 2015.
Government officials participating in a Poland-Ukraine Gas Conference on Tuesday said the planned hub should be in place by 2022 on the Polish-Ukrainian border.
“We now have enough infrastructure to move onwards with the hub,” said Serhiy Makohon, deputy head of Ukraine's oil and gas company, Ukrtrans'haz.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Obama: "Negotiations will be necessary, but there is little secret about where they must lead. Two states for two peoples"
President Barack Obama has urged Palestinians to drop their demands for a freeze in Israeli settlement building as a precondition for peace talks.
Speaking in Ramallah after talks with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Mr Obama said settlement activity was "not appropriate for peace".
He stressed his commitment to a two-state solution, but said both sides may have to "push through" disagreements.
Later, he told Israelis they had a "true partner" for peace in Mr Abbas.
In a speech to students in Jerusalem, he said Israel was "at a crossroads", but must "reverse an undertow of isolation" and recognise that compromise was necessary for peace.
Analysis The journey from Jerusalem to Ramallah is just a few miles and President Obama made it by helicopter. The distance may have been short but there was a difficult corner to turn. The self-proclaimed greatest friend of Israel was here to meet Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. After several hours of talks Mr Obama told reporters that he remained deeply committed to an independent state of Palestine. But Palestinians will be sceptical. Such words have been uttered before. Today there was a reminder of how complex the region's most intractable conflict is and also of how Mr Abbas does not speak for all Palestinians. Militants fired rockets into Israel from Gaza where Mr Abbas' rivals Hamas are in power. Mr Obama is spending just a few hours in the West Bank before heading back to Israel. Gaza is not on the itinerary.
"Just as Israelis built a state in their homeland, Palestinians have a right to be a free people in their own land," he said, urging the audience to "look at the world through their eyes".
'Peace is possible'
Mr Obama's three-day visit to Israel and the West Bank is his first as president.
The building of Israeli settlements on Palestinian land has been the major stumbling block in the peace process, with Palestinians long insisting it must stop completely before stalled talks can restart.
Mr Obama has previously backed that view and told reporters in Ramallah on Thursday that "we do not consider continued settlement activity to be constructive, to be appropriate, to be something that can advance the cause of peace".
But he added: "If the expectation is that we can only have direct negotiations when everything is settled ahead of time, then there is no point for negotiations."
While there were "irritants on both sides", such problems could not be used "as an excuse to do nothing", he said.
"My argument is that even though both sides may have areas of strong disagreement, maybe engaging in activities that the other side considers to be a breach of good faith, we have to push through those things to try to get to an agreement," he said.
Thanking the US administration for its continuing support for the Palestinian Authority, Mr Abbas said peace with Israel should not be achieved through violence, occupation, settlements, arrests or denial of refugee rights.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Obama and Mahmoud Abbas gave a joint news conference following talks
About 150 protesters were kept away from the Palestinian president's compound by police.
Later in Jerusalem, Mr Obama told a student audience that the only way for Israel to thrive as a Jewish, democratic state was through the realisation of an independent and viable Palestinian state.
He said peace was necessary, just and possible, and that Mr Abbas and Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad were "true partners" for peace.
Mr Obama was heckled as he spoke - but responded by saying it was part of the "lively debate" in Israel.
Many [Palestinians] are already disillusioned that nothing much has changed since the grand vision of Mr Obama's Cairo speech
On Thursday morning, Israeli officials said two rockets were fired from Gaza into southern Israel, but there were no reports of anyone being hurt. A further two rockets fired from Gaza reportedly fell inside Gaza itself.
Mr Abbas condemned "violence against civilians, whatever its source, including the firing of rockets", according to a Palestinian spokesperson.
On Wednesday Mr Obama pledged America's strong support for Israel as he met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem.
The two leaders reaffirmed their commitment to a two-state solution.
Iran threats
Palestinians, however, will be sceptical about Mr Obama's commitment to statehood as such words have been uttered before, the BBC's Jon Donnison reports from Ramallah.
In a 2009 speech in Cairo, Mr Obama called the situation for Palestinians "intolerable" and spoke of their "undeniable" suffering in pursuit of a homeland.
Since then, however, little has changed on the ground as the Middle East's most intractable conflict has been sidelined by the Arab Spring, and US-Israeli concern over Syria and Iran, our correspondent says.
Meanwhile, Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said his country would "raze Tel Aviv and Haifa to ground if Israel attacks", Iranian state media report.
Barack Obama in Middle East Wednesday: Meets Benjamin Netanyahu
Meets Benjamin Netanyahu Thursday: Meets Mahmoud Abbas, addresses Israeli students
Meets Mahmoud Abbas, addresses Israeli students Friday: Visits Bethlehem's Church of Nativity and later departs for Jordan Palestinian disappointment Jerusalem voices: Obama's visit Strong allies despite the tensions
Iran and its nuclear programme, which Israel believes is a threat to its existence, has been a major topic during Mr Obama's visit.
On Wednesday, he and Mr Netanyahu reaffirmed their commitment to preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons, with the US president saying he still hoped the issue could be resolved with diplomacy, but repeating his assurances to Israel that he had not ruled out military action.
The two leaders said they agreed that Israel had the right to "defend itself by itself".
Before travelling to the West Bank on Thursday, the US leader visited the Israel Museum in Jerusalem with Mr Netanyahu to see the Dead Sea Scrolls. He will leave for Jordan on Friday.
Security for his three-day visit is tight, with thousands of Israeli and Palestinian security officers on duty in Jerusalem and Ramallah, the Palestinians' de facto capital.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Kate Winslet is willing to overlook a director's transgressions — alleged or otherwise — if given the right material.
The Oscar-winning star is working with Woody Allen on “Wonder Wheel,” which also features Justin Timberlake, but Winslet didn't hesitate despite being aware of the allegations against the famed director.
“Of course one thinks about [the scandal]. But at the same time, I didn't know Woody and I don't know anything about that family,” Winslet told the New York Times. “As the actor in the film, you just have to step away and say, I don't know anything, really, and whether any of it is true or false. Having thought it all through, you put it to one side and just work with the person.”
Allen was accused of sexually abusing his adopted daughter, Dylan Farrow, when she was a child.
The “Titanic” actress described Allen as an “incredible director” and said the same of Roman Polanski, who was convicted of raping a 13-year-old girl and then fled the U.S.
“I had an extraordinary working experience with both of those men, and that's the truth,” Winslet said.
The 41-year-old actress called working with Allen a “now or never” experience, so she jumped at the offer.
“Plus I knew my parents would be incredibly proud of me working with Woody Allen,” she added.
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender Chisel Tip
9 / 10
Quick Review
If you are looking for something that's a little off the beaten path, but still crafted with quality and precision, then the Air Bender is a must smoke. This is a great cigar and certainly one that I will have again in the future. The pairing was just about perfect with neither taking over the other. As I mentioned previously, the two actually meshed so well together that it was difficult to pinpoint which was giving off certain flavors. Notable pairing flavors: Sweet Tea, Vanilla, Cinnamon
Stogie Specs Made By:
Wrapper:
Binder: Dominican Republic
Filler: Dominican Republic
Average Price: $8.50
Ring Gauge: 54
Length: 6.5"
Flavor Wheel Your Browser Does Not Support Our Flavor Wheel. Check Prices on JR Cigars Check Prices on Famous Cigars
Appearance and Construction:
The La Flor Dominicana Air Bender Chisel is certainly not your typical looking cigar. While similar in shape to a torpedo, instead of a pointed round tip, this cigar comes to a flat chisel tip. I will get to the effects of this chisel tip a little later. There are some small veins present, but certainly no soft spots as this is a tightly rolled well constructed cigar. The Ecuadorian wrapper is slightly oily and medium-dark in color.
Pre-Light:
The first question that popped into my head when sitting down to smoke this stogie was “How should I cut this thing?” If you enjoy a punch cut then you can simply punch the top or bottom of the chisel and you should get a nice draw. I wouldn't suggest using a v cut as I just don't think you will get enough out of the draw. Personally I like a straight cut and therefore cut off just the very tip (about 1.5 mm) of the chisel. This seemed to work out nicely as I got a nice easy/even draw very reminiscent of a tobacco pipe. The pre-light draw offers up a lot of sweet molasses followed by a nutty spice on the finish. I'm picking up similar notes of sweet tobacco on the foot as well. I take a sip of my Maker's Mark 46 before lighting up just to prep the palate. Maker's s Mark 46, bursting with flavors of sweet caramel, vanilla, and cinnamon, is one of my favorite bourbons and always a good choice when pairing bourbon with a cigar.
First Third:
As I torch the foot of this stogie I begin to pick up subtle notes of toasted coffee beans. The first draw is very nice and open offering up a nice mix of spicy and sweet tobacco along with a hint of that signature La Flor creamy cocoa. The smoke is surprisingly less dense than I was expecting, but this is certainly not reflected in the robust flavors coming from this cigar. Another observation right of the bat is the extremely clean finish on the palate. This clean crisp finish leaves the palate wide open for the Maker's Mark to come in and layer it with rich flavors of caramel and vanilla.
Second Third:
The peppery spice from the first third begins to taper off a bit in the second third and almost turns into cinnamon. However, the other flavors remain pretty consistent. I want to focus more on the pairing in this section as the flavors really begin to mesh well at this point. Together this pairing is very smooth and reminiscent of sweet tea on a hot summer day. At certain times it's hard to tell which is sweeter, and this is in no way a bad thing.
Final Third:
Vanilla notes begin to emerge in the final third. The spice that tapered off in the second third is back with a vengeance down the final stretch. However, I'm still amazed by how smooth this cigar is. The renewed spice brings out the last bit of flavor in my now slightly watered down glass of Maker's Mark 46. With the last sip down and nothing but the chiseled tip of the Air Bender in my hand, it's time to call it a night.
Conclusion:
If you are looking for something that's a little off the beaten path, but still crafted with quality and precision, then the Air Bender is a must smoke. This is a great cigar and certainly one that I will have again in the future. The pairing was just about perfect with neither taking over the other. As I mentioned previously, the two actually meshed so well together that it was difficult to pinpoint which was giving off certain flavors. Notable pairing flavors: Sweet Tea, Vanilla, Cinnamon
0 Users (0 votes) Creamy Woody Earthy Spicy Sweet Floral Fruity Other Leave your rating What people say... Sort by: Most recent Top score Most helpful Worst score Be the first to leave a review. Verified {{{ review.rating_title }}} Show more {{ pageNumber+1 }} Leave your rating Creamy
Woody
Earthy
Spicy
Sweet
Floral
Fruity
Other
At the top of Jason Kenney's speech to launch his bid for the leadership of the Alberta PCs, he name-dropped two people. First was his mom. Second was a fellow named Andrew, an intern last summer in Kenney's office who sang the event's O Canada and recently became a citizen, which Kenney used as a springboard for his interpretation of Canada's founding ethic of “ordered liberty” and free enterprise.
But that was all preamble before Kenney brought up the low-tax hero of the day's oratory. “And then, lo and behold, the most remarkable leader emerged right here in Alberta. That man with a twinkle in his eye,” Kenney said. “The late, great Ralph Klein. Ralph, well, he did the impossible.”
Stephen Harper's most dogged and loyal majority-builder, and his minister of defence, employment and immigration, continued at length about an Alberta premier that Harper was rather less fond of citing. Kenney recalled Klein's deficit-busting, flat tax and service privatization, the hallowed “Alberta Advantage”—and that time Kenney was a twentysomething advocate for the Canadian Taxpayers Federation invited by Klein to the premier's condo for a couple of beers and a policy briefing. The seven-premier Alberta PC dynasty's third sovereign came up again and again in Kenney's speech.
“We miss you Ralph! My goodness, we miss you!”
Klein left the premier's office in 2006, and this mortal earth in 2013. But Kenney signalled Wednesday that he is set on a spiritual revival of his fellow gregarious conservative.
It was only after Klein's departure that the Alberta PCs' big tent began to fray, as harder-right Albertans abandoned more unabashedly moderate premiers Ed Stelmach and Alison Redford, both of whom rushed to undo some of Klein's legacy of unbuilt infrastructure and some tatters in the social safety net (Redford often with open disdain for the Klein days). The Wildrose gathered strength and clout, and last year Alberta voters chose neither of the conservative options on offer, and went with something different for the first time since electing the United Farmers of Alberta 85 years earlier: the NDP, a party that had persistently caricatured all of its righty foes as Klein-era caricature slashers of public services.
The onset of the Rachel Notley big-government, tax-happy advantage-destroyers, Kenney says, is why he's decided to ride back to Alberta after 19 years in Ottawa. (Some of his federal associates suggest the decision was at least nudged along by the widely viewed likelihood that Justin Trudeau is probably safe for another term.) His rationale is that Wildrose Leader Brian Jean, his former federal caucus mate, fancies a unified right-wing party but needs a dancing partner. The PCs, for the first time in generations, seem not to have power as their all-consuming goal; reduced after the 2015 debacle to a largely progressive cadre, they have formally rebutted a merger and would rather rebuild as a unite-the-centre movement. The apparent thinking goes that once Alberta tires of its left-wing experiment, and perhaps a future right-wing bid, Albertans will gravitate back to the political centre that PC founding saint Peter Lougheed often sought to occupy. Kenney, a former Reform MP, has had little political commonality with the PCs for the last several years.
In his brief tribute to the legacy of the party he wants to lead, Kenney skipped over the other five premiers, citing only Lougheed and, yes, Klein. He touted himself “as somebody unencumbered by the arguments of the past decade in Alberta politics”—that is, somebody who had little to do with the post-Klein Tories. He also spoke positively of the “sacrifice from every sector of our society” during Klein's years—that is, the public sector cuts the then-premier exacted at the start of his Klein Revolution, a model later for the Chrétien Liberals federally and the Mike Harris Tories in Ontario. In a speech last week to an Alberta unite-the-right group, Kenney specifically mentioned the “sacrifices” made by nurses and doctors, though those layoffs and system reforms weren't of their own volition. If the NDP weren't already preparing to wage battle with Kenney on climate change and carbon tax, they'll be salivating at the chance to warn about more health cutbacks if the would-be PC leader is planning to party like it's nineteen ninety-Klein.
Alberta's changed a lot since those days, the argument will go. Albertans swung progressive with Naheed Nenshi in Calgary, Don Iveson in Edmonton and an increasingly progressive premier in each of the last three provincial elections. A firmly conservative, Klein-invoking leader would be a throwback, but a continually lousy economy and bad fiscal books have Notley behind in the polls and stands to make the most appealing alternative of any stripe the likely winner in 2019.
To win what the more progressive Alberta Tories have established as a delegated leadership contest next March, Kenney will have to lure scores of Wildrosers and former Ralph Tories back. That's clearly begun. In Wednesday's hotel ballroom crowd of people waving miniature Alberta provincial flags was Heather Forsyth, the Klein minister who crossed into the Wildrose caucus in 2010 and served as interim leader after Danielle Smith led a stampede of MLAs back across in Jim Prentice's disastrous manoeuvre (one which Kenney explicitly said he won't repeat).
“I'm going to join the PC party to support what he is doing, and I think you're going to see membership blow up, because my phone is already dead once today, asking how people can buy memberships,” Forsyth told Maclean's a day before Kenney's launch.
The group featured a couple of green Wildrose T-shirts as well, including one worn by Henry Lyatsky, a geologist who bolted from the Tories after his hard-right candidate lost the 2006 contest to replace Klein. He'll pick up a Tory membership card for Kenney too. “I'll sign up wherever I have to in order to support him,” Lyatsky said.
If he did want to run for the federal Conservative helm, there's no way Kenney could have run as a more affable facsimile of Harper. In Alberta, Kenney has found a more convenient template to neatly fill as he ventures for the first time outside a leader's side or his backroom.
A mischievous pollster could have a lot of fun by asking Albertans whether they would now rather vote for Rachel Notley or Ralph Klein. Kenney could become the real-world substitute for this scenario.
I'm somewhere outside Yuma, Arizona, in the middle of the desert, watching a spacecraft fall to Earth. It's like a white teardrop descending slowly against the bright azure sky. Two red-and-white parachutes hold the vehicle aloft, like giant circus tents attached to strings. In the desert where many things struggle to survive, today the Orion spacecraft is triumphant.
The newest crew capsule developed by NASA was just dropped from 35,000 feet as part of the so-called Minimum System Test. It's exactly like it sounds — a test to figure out the minimum number of things that must go right for astronauts aboard the Orion to survive. Today, that meant purposefully rigging two of the capsule's five parachutes to fail. Without them, Orion still lands gently.
A white teardrop descending slowly against the bright azure sky
Orion is meant to usher in a new era of human deep space exploration. NASA hopes to send astronauts in the spacecraft beyond lower Earth orbit — the current location of the International Space Station. The vehicle's first crewed mission will be to a nearby asteroid; it's next big trip will be to Mars sometime in the 2030s. For each journey, though, the Orion must bring its crew home. That's where its landing system comes in; the vehicle is equipped with five parachutes, designed to slow the spacecraft down after it re-enters Earth's atmosphere.
Thanks to a December test flight, we know that the chutes can safely land the Orion after it returns from space. First, two small drogue chutes open to stabilize the vehicle. Then three main chutes deploy as the first two are jettisoned. Ultimately, the landing system reduces the Orion's speed from 20,000 miles per hour to under 20 miles per hour. The system did this flawlessly last year.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III — the plane that carried the Orion test vehicle
Things go wrong in space, though. Today's test simulates a nightmare situation for NASA: when two of the parachutes fail to deploy. Only one of the small drogue chutes and two of the main parachutes functioned this morning. Orion was made to land astronauts safely in this scenario, but a real-life test is required for NASA to know for sure.
To do this, NASA disabled the firing link for two of the chutes — all five were loaded, said Stuart McClung, a landing systems engineer with NASA, the day before the test. "We basically unplug the ability to send the [firing] command," he said. Orion was also equipped with sensors and cameras, to capture data in the fall — essentially, to help engineers to determine if the capsule slowed to a speed that would keep its passengers alive.
Two days before the test, Orion was loaded into a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III, a massive cargo plane used by the US military. You could fit a tank in the aircraft if you wanted. But this morning it only held Orion, which measures about 10 feet tall and 16 feet wide. The vehicle sat atop a platform inside the plane. At 35,000 feet — about when the parachute sequence is meant to deploy — the platform was pulled out of the belly of the plane's cargo bay, initiating Orion's fall to Earth. It was a slower speed than returning from orbit, McClung said, but essentially the same altitude.
The Orion test vehicle loaded in the cargo bay of the C-17
All this took place leading up to this morning. Now, the Orion is landing gently on the desert floor. After a few minutes, a group of onlookers and I pile into some SUVs and drive out to the spacecraft's resting place. The Orion looks like it's almost upside down — it's resting on one of its sides. McClung explains that the vehicle's chutes must have reinflated after it landed, dragging the capsule a few extra feet. It's also surrounded by chunks of foam debris; McClung tells me that's completely normal. This is only a test version of the vehicle — so much of its structure is surrounded by foam. The real space-faring Orion will be made of titanium alloy. It will also land in the ocean, not in the desert, which will lessen any impact damage.
I watch a group of engineers converges onto the fallen spacecraft. They study its hull, then its insides. One hooks up a laptop to an outside control panel, gathering data. They're trying to understand what Orion experienced as it plummeted to Earth. Properly speaking, the test isn't actually done. It will take NASA engineers months to decipher the information gathered by the on-board sensors and cameras. But their mood today was optimistic. "Visually, I don't see anything that makes me go 'huh,'" says McClung. "I think we're good."
There's only one more drop test required for Orion before it moves on to the next phase of testing, charmingly called the "human-related qualification tests." They are the final evaluations to determine if Orion is qualified to carry humans. If NASA deems the vehicle worthy of carrying astronauts, the spacecraft is scheduled to take its first humans to space by 2021.
Image caption New versions of the 5p coin are coated in nickel
Fears are being raised that 5p and 10p coins being introduced into circulation could cause skin problems.
The coins are made from steel but plated in nickel, replacing the current cupro-nickel version which contains 75% copper and 25% nickel.
Dermatologists told the British Medical Journal the move could cause problems for people who have nickel allergies, including some people with eczema.
But the Royal Mint said the change would not have an adverse impact.
The new coins, which come into circulation in the next few months, are being introduced because of the rising cost of copper.
The Treasury believes it could save £10m a year, although millions have been spent changing vending machines and parking meters as the new coins are slightly thicker, causing anger among councils and industry.
Up to 10% of the population, predominantly women, are thought to be affected by nickel allergy.
No health assessment
The latest controversy has been raised by dermatologists from St John's Institute of Dermatology in London and the Royal Hallamshire Hospital in Sheffield.
The authors warned that there had been no health assessment of the new coinage.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Professor David Gawkrodger, University of Sheffield: "It is a theoretical concern"
In comparison in Sweden its central bank, the Swedish Riksbank, has recently concluded that nickel-plated coins "pose unacceptable risks to health", the BMJ reported.
In a letter to the BMJ, the dermatologists said there was the potential for more skin problems, which could have financial implications for the NHS.
They said: "Considerable evidence supports these concerns, which have not been assessed by the Treasury or Royal Mint."
They have called for Sir John Beddington, the government's chief scientific adviser, to look into the matter.
But a spokesman for the Royal Mint said both they and the government were "confident" the change would not lead to any more adverse effects among people with skin problems.
He also said while there had been no specific health assessment on the new coins, the move met with all the existing guidelines.
During World War II, in an effort to disguise the facility and ward off enemy fire, officials at Burbank's Lockheed Air Terminal (now known as Bob Hope Airport ) took the unusual but highly effective step of covering the entire airport with strategically placed camouflage netting. Up from the air, in the eyes of the enemy, the entire area looked like a rural subdivision.
Before
After
In February 1942, a Japanese submarine was spotted just outside San Francisco Bay. When another Japanese submarine surfaced off Santa Barbara, a few nights later, and fired a few shells at an oil storage facility the War Department ordered Lt Gen John L De Witt, head of Western Defense Command, to protect vital installations along the Pacific Coast.
The job of disguising California fell upon Colonel John F Ohmer, a pioneer in camouflage, deception and misdirection techniques. During the Battle of Britain in 1940, Colonel Ohmer's carefully made and positioned camouflage caused the Luftwaffe to waste thousands of tons of bombs on empty fields.
With help of scenic designers, painters, art directors, landscape artists, animators, carpenters, lighting experts and prop men from movie studios in Hollywood, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Disney Studios, 20th Century Fox, Paramount, Universal Pictures and others, Colonel Ohmer began the task of disguising March Field and its neighborhood.
Ohmer concealed key factories and assembly plants that may be targets, including Douglas Aircraft. In a short period of time the entire area of the factory was camouflaged. The Lockheed-Vega aircraft plant in Burbank was fully hidden beneath a complete suburb replete with rubber automobiles and peaceful rural neighborhood scenes painted on canvas. Small farm complete with animals, a barn, a silo and other buildings were erected. Pastoral settings used frames of lumber and large spreads of canvas.
Hundreds of fake trees and shrubs were positioned to give the entire area a 3-dimensional appearance. The trees and shrubs were created from chicken wire treated with adhesive, then covered with chicken feathers for leaves, then painted various shades of green (with spots of brown, even). Air ducts were disguised as fire hydrants.
In other sections, scattered decoy aircraft made of canvas scraps, ration boxes, and burlap on chicken wire as well as flattened tin cans dominated the landscape. None of these aircraft looked real up close but looked great from a distance. Fake runways were made by burning grassy strips.
Maintaining the illusion of a neighbourhood required signs of life and activity. Workers emerged to relocate automobiles, and took walks on hidden catwalks. Some took washing down from fake clotheslines only to replace it later at scheduled times. Parked automobiles were moved to indicate drivers were using their cars daily and returning home from work.
Ohmer's "suburb" brought requests for other camouflage projects. In Seattle, Boeing Aircraft covered nearly 26 acres. It became covered by a complete town with municipal buildings, a park, schools and homes.
The disguise of California ceased to be critical when the US Navy dealt a smashing defeat to a Japanese carrier task force at Midway Island. The threat of a serious attack against the West Coast diminished, then vanished.
Sources: 1, 2
The media covering Florida Gators football last year dubbed it the ‘Dominique Easley treatment.'
Last offseason, Easley would get minimal work in during the spring and fall camps. He would take a few reps to start various drills but, for the most part, was held out of the bulk of practice. This enabled the coaching staff to see younger players work as well as give Easley, a veteran coming back from a knee injury, time off.
This year, Dante Fowler is getting the Easley treatment but that doesn't mean Florida's biggest pass rushing threat is just standing out at practice as a spectator. Will Muschamp and D.J. Durkin have challenged Fowler to step up as a leader and the junior is doing just that.
“Noticeably different,” Durkin said when asked how Fowler is responding as a leader on and off the field. “He understands, we've challenged him with that, to be a consistent guy there and he's really done that to this point.”
Fowler was in an orange non-contact jersey after a minor injury on Wednesday. Durkin said having Fowler in the jersey was a “precautionary” measure on Thursday and that jersey has been the only thing to stop Fowler this fall as he rounds into form.
“I've been proud of Dante, about the way he's practiced,” Durkin said. “He's been very consistent with his effort and how hard he's going, and it's showing. He's getting better and improving.”
It's not just the media and the coaching staff that has noticed a change in Fowler. He's building off of a productive sophomore season and his teammates are taking notice as well.
“Fowler is definitely an impact player. When NCAA (EA Sports) comes out this year he should have a star,” senior linebacker Mike Taylor said. “And he is definitely making an impact every day, doing something whether it's pass-rushing or stopping the run, he's always going to make an impact by some kind of way in practice, so you expect that from Dante.”
EA Sports didn't release their annual college football title this year, but, if they had, Taylor would have been spot on with his prediction about Fowler earning a star in the game.
Durkin credits Brad Lawing — who coached Jadeveon Clowney at South Carolina — as one of the key reasons the defensive line has remained productive even after losing players like Sharrif Floyd and Easley. Lawing has more than three decades of experience coaching and the old coach is still teaching these young bucks some new tricks.
“Coach Lawing is doing a great job with us on the D-line and working with some pass-rush moves,” said Fowler. “I'm learning a lot of good things and just trying to translate it onto the field and keep working on it.”
Florida finished 12th in the SEC with just 19 sacks a season ago. That has to change. The Florida Gator defense needs to force turnovers, get to and affect the quarterback. Fowler is the player that defenses will key on. Every week the Gators' opponents will gameplan and schemes ways to stop him but he doesn't feel the pressure of that.
“No pressure at all. It's just that I'm going to have to provide better pass rush,” he said. “It's our job to get to the quarterback, and that's what we're going to do. We're going to do a better job.”
If the Florida Gators are going to truly “bury” the memories of the 2013 season, players like Fowler will be the reason.
Sorry, But I Don't Give Out Personal Information
Pin 49 312 Shares
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
Welcome to the wonderful world of surveillance shopping, where the most innocent purchase is documented.
Today I had to run into town to buy some boxes. I really like the U-Haul boxes for storage, because they are all exactly the same size, they're very sturdy, and they have those nice little handle openings to make stacking things easier.
My usual place wasn't open so I went to another one that said “Authorized U-Haul Dealer.” It was also an auto parts store. I went in and selected my boxes, then took them to the register to pay, something I'd done numerous times at the usual U-Haul store I patronize.
And it went downhill from there.
The gentleman behind the counter tallied it up and as I handed him a $20 bill, he said, “Your name?” I looked at him, baffled. He repeated himself, “What's your name?” I said, “Why do you ask?” He said, “I need it to set up your account.” I replied, “That's okay, I don't need an account. I'd just like to purchase these boxes.” He said, “You have to have an account, that is how our computer system works.” I said, “Are you telling me that I cannot purchase these boxes unless I give you my name?” He sighed and stopped just short of rolling his eyes. “I just work here and that is the way we do things, ma'am.” I told him, “I know it seems like I am being difficult, but I don't give out personal information. I'm sorry, but I guess I will just have to buy my boxes elsewhere.” The man behind the counter decided it was okay and he would go ahead and sell me the boxes, despite the limitations of his computer system. So then he asked me, “What is your phone number?” “Really?” I asked. “Didn't we just basically go through this? This is beginning to sound like that whole ‘Who's on First' riff. I'm not giving you my phone number.” He couldn't stop himself, I detected a slight eye-roll this time. I magnanimously let it go because I hoped to leave the store sometime during this particular day. He proceeded through his nosy computer program and then said, “Now, I really do have to have an answer here – where are you moving to?” What? Nope. No way. I said, “None of your business. None of your computer's business. Are you taking my money or not? Because either way, I am out that door in about 5 seconds. I'm very sorry to be your most difficult customer of the day, but what part of ‘I do not disclose personal information' is not clear?” Without another word, he handed me my change, looking incredibly uncomfortable. I left wondering, “When did the U-Haul guy become an agent of the de facto government?”
***
Some people are probably reading this thinking, “That's nuts – talk about over-reacting! The poor guy was just doing his job.”
Those people might be right – that might be the case in this particular incident. And I'm cool with that, because I would prefer to overreact and be in the habit of protecting my privacy than wish, one day down the road, that I had been more careful about the information I had innocently provided. I don't give out my personal information: not for discounts, not for ‘points', and not for special deals that will come to me in the mail. And as for “just doing your job”??? Well, one day a lot of people will consider it “just doing their job” when they infringe on our rights even more than they do now. It isn't an excuse then and it isn't an excuse now. Furthermore, in this age of rampant identity theft, why on earth would you want someone to have any personal information about you?
It has gotten to the point that going to the store, any store, is like running a gauntlet. “Do you have an account? Are you a member of our rewards program? What is your zip code?” You can't just go in and buy something without being interrogated by salesclerks who honestly have no idea why they are asking these questions. All of the information that is cataloged out there about you paints a picture of your life. Don't think that in this world of NSA data mining and information banks that everything you do is not documented and run through programs that use algorithms to classify you and track you and identify you as a potential threat to the status quo.
Do you buy beans in bulk?
Do you stockpile ammo? How many different types?
Do you buy seeds and garden supplies?
Do you purchase health and beauty aids in quantity?
Do you buy far more food than your family (also identified and catalogued) could possibly eat in a week?
How much fuel do you buy for your vehicle every week?
Is your camping gear collection particularly extensive?
Do you have a license for hunting, fishing, owning a gun, driving a car, or for anything else that paints a picture of your habits?
Do you drink alcohol? How much?
Do you purchase an unusually large amount of first aid and medical supplies?
I'm sure you get the picture I'm painting here. It is time to be the pain-in-the-rear customer that refuses to answer these types of questions. It's time to decline accounts, memberships, and point-accumulating rewards cards. I'd rather pay a little extra and protect my personal privacy than to provide all of the information the government, the NSA, or the crazy stalker running the cash register needs to figure out that I raise my own food, I go to church, I like a particular type of ammo, my favored color for the kitchen is bright green, my bedroom is decorated in purple, we have a penchant for sparkly band-aids, and that we have enough rice to feed ourselves for the next 2 years, 3 meals a day if we so desired. What if they think you're buying too much? Should they be able to limit your purchases? “Sorry ma'am, but you already have a two year supply of green peas. We aren't going to be able to sell you that 14th case.” What about pre-crime algorithms? Do your purchases make you look guilty of a crime you might commit? OPSEC has never been more important. Combine all of the information being gathered about your purchases with the fact that your own appliances are spying on you, and anyone with access can get a pretty alarming picture of your personal life and beliefs.
Don't get sucked into the vortex of, “If you have nothing to hide, it shouldn't matter.” It should matter, and it does matter. Way back in the 1600s, Cardinal Richelieu, Armand Jean du Plessis wrote of how the most innocent thing could be manipulated in the quest to demonize another person. “If one would give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest man, I would find something in them to have him hanged.” This video by Mark Dice explains it even more thoroughly.
Say it with me. “Sorry, but I don't give out personal information.”
Edited to add:
A lot of people have emailed or commented some version of the following: Why don't you just make up a false number and name?
My response to this is, “Why should I?”
Why should I be put in a position where I feel I have to lie? While I certainly understand that it would be much easier on everyone to do so, I just don't want to. I prefer to be honest. What if my kids are with me? Then I'm teaching them that lying is okay. I prefer to be truthful, even if it inconveniences me or someone else.
Also, if the person questioning me hasn't considered how intrusive their inquiries are, my refusal to participate might make them think twice in the future. It's a way to spread a little resistance and perhaps give someone who is sleeping a little nudge towards awareness.
This is just my personal philosophy – but, I've been “difficult” since I was a small child, just ask my parents! 🙂
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Tom Pelissero, Lindsay Jones and Lorenzo Reyes break down everything you need to know for the highly-anticipated NFC playoff game. USA TODAY Sports
LBs Thomas Davis (58) and Luke Kuechly lead the Panthers defense. (Photo: AP)
CHARLOTTE — There's always some sort of competition afoot when Thomas Davis and Luke Kuechly are rolling together at work. This is seemingly essential to an edge that has resulted in arguably the NFL's best linebacker tandem — one-up the other guy.
On Thursday, with the biggest game of the season looming, it was an underhanded throwing contest. As Davis described it, they rated the passes they whipped to each other before practice for some serious bragging rights.
“He kind of got a little upset, a little jealous, because I think I won that battle,” Davis told USA TODAY Sports as he peeled the tape off his fingers, formed miniature tape balls and hurled them across the locker room at Kuechly. “We're just having fun. We try to push each other.”
Watching and talking to Davis and Kuechly during a media session in advance of the NFC divisional playoff Sunday against the Seattle Seahawks provided a rather revealing snapshot of chemistry that fuels one of the league's best defenses. At one point, while both held court with groups of reporters while positioned maybe 20 feet away, they made eye contact, nodded, and kept talking.
“They're some clowns,” Josh Norman, the gregarious all-pro cornerback, chimed in from another spot in the locker room. “Their competition is stupid-high. I don't think you can match the competition they put themselves in.
“For example, if one guy has more tackles than the other guy, there's some chore the other guy has to do in the locker room. Crazy stuff like that.”
As Norman spoke, Davis joined Kuechly at his locker. They stood together in the corner.
Chores? Tell me about these chores.
Their response was striking in that it came in stereo. A split-second apart, like an old married couple who knows what the spouse is thinking, they uttered the exact same words: “Josh doesn't know what he's talking about.”
Davis: “He's talking out the side of his neck.”
Kuechly: “Josh is trying to stir something up.”
Then they yelled across the room at Norman, each feigning angry gestures. Simultaneously.
Norman shot back, “Y'all need to do some chores.”
Kuechly rolled his eyes.
Mess with Kuechly, and you are messing with Davis — and vice-versa. It's that brother's keeper mentality, which is why Davis says he has been quick to get in an opponent's face if he feels it warranted to respond to a cheap shot. Kuechly does likewise.
“They're brothers,” said rookie Shaq Thompson, brought into the fold as the third starting linebacker in last year's draft. “They connect more than probably anybody in here.”
Davis, 32, the longest-tenured Panther in his 11th season, is the guy on the team that no one wants to disappoint. In a show of respect that goes far beyond his stature as the franchise's all-time leading tackler, players call him “Grandpa.”
“I'm not that old,” he says.
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Tom Pelissero makes his bold predictions for the upcoming weekend.
Maybe not, but his resilience is legendary.
He's rebounded from three torn anterior cruciate ligaments, another reason that Kuechly was as thrilled as anyone that Davis earned his first Pro Bowl selection this season. Versatile and explosive from his weak side post, Davis' impact on the sixth-ranked defense included being the only player in the NFL with at least five sacks (a career-high 5½) and three interceptions.
Kuechly, 24, won defensive rookie of the year honors in 2012, then became the first Panther named defensive player of the year the following season. Since 2012, no one in the NFL, according to press box statistics, has amassed more tackles than Kuechly. Despite missing three games early in the season while in the concussion protocol, Kuechly led Carolina with 137 tackles, followed by Davis with 123.
Davis views Kuechly as the younger brother he never had. That vibe began immediately, when Davis took a rookie under his wing nearly four years ago.
“It was, ‘Hey, my name is Thomas. I'm going to take care of you. As long as you work, I'll be here for you,' "Kuechly told USA TODAY Sports.
They are cut from the same cloth. Their differences represent surface stuff. Davis is married with four kids. Kuechly is single. Davis is African-American, Kuechly is Caucasian. Davis grew up in a small town in the deep South, Shellman, Ga. Kuechly is from Cincinnati.
They are emblematic of how bonds in an NFL locker room can transcend age, culture and background.
“Look at their similarities,” Norman said. “They were both first rounders. Both came in ballin'.”
Kuechly maintains that he's learned more from Davis, last year's NFL Walter Payton Man of the Year, in how unselfish he is with his community service, which has inspired him to become a participant in Davis' numerous foundation events that benefit underprivileged children.
“Obviously, he can play football,” Kuechly said. “But off-the-field is the best part. Thomas has an event for everything: Christmas, Thanksgiving, back to school, a spring football camp. Every holiday is covered, every part of the year is covered. That's cool to see.”
Kuechly has spent time around Davis' family and with much conviction described Davis' son, T.J., as a spitting image of his father. But they socialize away from work only occasionally.
Then again, it's a seven-day-a-week job during the season. Davis and Kuechly show up at Bank of America Stadium like clockwork on Mondays and Tuesdays, typically off-days for the Panthers. When teammates talk about their work ethic, they are undoubtedly accounting for all of the hours together studying film.
The end result is reflected with production and synchronicity while lining up all over coordinator Sean McDermott's defense. It's tough to get a read on them — blitz or drop? — on any given snap.
Yet this is no mystery: The competition is always on to see who can get to the football first.
***
Follow NFL columnist Jarrett Bell on Twitter @JarrettBell
PHOTOS: Memorable divisional playoff games
Judicial Watch plans to sue Democratic Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who issued a sweeping order that granted 206,000 felons the right to vote just months before the 2016 presidential election.
“Plaintiffs are registered voters in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As a result of Defendants' unlawful actions, 206,000 felons who, by law, should be ineligible to vote, are being, and will be, registered and permitted to vote. Unless an injunction is granted, Plaintiffs lawful votes will be cancelled out, and their voting power will be diluted, by votes cast by individuals who are not eligible to vote under Virginia's laws and Constitution,” the lawsuit states.
The Virginia Constitution states voting rights can be restored on a case-by-case basis and only after an official review of the individual, Judicial Watch said. A blanket restoration of all felons' voting rights is illegal. The lawsuit aims to make sure no felons appear on voting rolls as eligible voters — the felon vote is overwhelmingly Democratic and could swing the crucial state for Hillary Clinton in the general election.
McAuliffe and the Clintons are close allies: McAuliffe co-chaired Bill Clinton's re-election campaign, served as the head of the Democratic National Committee, chaired Hillary's 2008 primary run, and never ruled out serving as her running mate in 2016.
McAuliffe's order made no exceptions for violent felons, including murderers and rapists.
Currently listing 335 groups with many more to come!
The history of Irish rock music is quite amazing given the parochial attitudes and lack of creativity generally during the 60's and 70's in Ireland. Looking back on names like Van Morrison, Rory Gallagher, Thin Lizzy and U2, it is hard to believe these bands came from the same culture that spawned the showband era.
However, no discussion of Irish entertainment in the 60's, 70's and 80's would be complete without including the "beat" scene which developed in the country's major city's in the 1960's and eventually lead to a plethora of pop and rock bands coming from every corner of the country by the 1980's.
In Dublin and Belfast, before the rock bands there were the Beat groups. Sadly, many groups didn't last very long and members switched allegiances like musical chairs which also make a verifiable account of the period quite difficult.
Fortunately, for us, there was a person who basically chronicled the era on a regular basis for over a decade. Dublin D.J., Pat Egan, wrote a regular column in Spotlight magazine, the "bible" of Irish entertainment in the 60's and through the 70's until it's demise around 1979. The evolution of the era can be traced through the names he called his column.
Originally called "Beat" it became "Group Scene" in May, 1970, then "Heavy Sounds" in October 1972 and finally "Let It Rock" in October 1973. When Pat left the column in August 1974, it was renamed "Rock On" and written by Smiley Bolger, we think until the magazines demise. Of course, an examination of bands in England would show the same progression: from the Beatles to Led Zeppelin to Pink Floyd. But England did not have the same musical culture as Ireland by any stretch of the imagination, making the rise of Irish rock even more significant.
The Beat groups of the 60's played the same gigs, created the same stir, but just went by a different name than groups in the 70's. Outside of Dublin, there were few venues for rock groups and any original music was naturally compared to the rock gods of the era. Recording was an expensive proposition and few bands had the "bread" to record at Trend studios, or one of the handful of Dublin's other professional studios.
Irish beat/rock groups in the late sixties and early 70's all faced the same dilemma: to be successful they had to leave Ireland. Even though the country could produce world class rock acts, almost all of them were forced to go to England to gain recognition there, before they would be accepted at home. Quantifying the groups of the era is difficult as they tended to come and go with members shuffling between groups. Often groups would be launched to great fanfare, only to be gone a few weeks later. It was a fickle time and allegiances were formed and disbanded on a regular basis.
The first major breakthrough band in Ireland was "Them," featuring the the legendary Van Morrison. Formed in 1964, they were from Belfast which was official part of the UK and so they are often not thought of as an "Irish" band. It would be 1967 when a blues guitarist and former showband musician struck out in a new direction that Ireland would have it's first rock stars. Rory Gallagher was the guitarist and Taste was the band that rivaled even guitar god Eric Clapton's Cream for fans. Taste broke up in 1970 with Rory starting his own international solo career as one of the world's greatest guitarists.
Around this time, Horslips broke through initially with their experimental version of Celtic rock. They were possibly the first Irish based rock band to enjoy success in Europe without relocating to London, or the States. While they became huge at home, and toured extensively in the United States and England, superstar status eluded them. They came together in 1970 and within a decade had broken up with Johnny Fean and Eamonn Carr forming the Zen Alligators, a short lived rock n' soul band that toured the ballrooms. Recently though, they have made a string of appearances together with talk of a reunion in the works.
It was probably Thin Lizzy that became the first major Irish rock band to conquer England while still (more or less) living and playing at home in Ireland. Their rocked up Irish folk tune, Whiskey in the Jar, broke in England while the band was still playing small gigs in Irish hotels and secondary schools. I first heard the number when they introduced it at gig in the Imperial Hotel in Sligo in January, 1973. However, on February 1, 1973, Phil Lynott, Eric Bell and Brian Downey were onstage at the BBC's Top of The Pops, alongside such international pop icons as Stevie Wonder (singing Superstition), Carly Simon (You're So Vain), and ELO (Roll Over Beethoven). Lizzy had arrived!
The coming of Lizzy, Rory Gallagher and Horslips, among others, led to an explosion of young rock bands on the fledgling Dublin rock scene as the seventies progressed. Critics of this era in Irish rock might suggest that one of the downsides of the reporting on the Dublin scene in publications like Spotlight, gave an undue amount of press dedicated to "up and coming rock bands" that were no more than "garage bands" (i.e., here today and gone tomorrow). In fact, in 1974, Don O'Connor, founder member of Limerick based Reform complained saying, "The magazine gives a false impression to rock bands around the country...They believe all these groups are the greatest thing going....yet they haven't got the price of a van." Harsh words from one of the era's most successful Irish based rock groups.
It still wouldn't be until the late seventies that things really began to change. Encouraged by the success of punk and new wave artists, Irish rock groups started coming of age. Local bands realized they could make records "as good," if not better than many of the punk bands in London. Bands like the Boomtown Rats (based in England), The Undertones (Belfast) and Stiff Little Fingers (Belfast) led the charge in 1977-78, taking their places alongside punk contemporaries like the Clash and Sex Pistols.
The introduction of Hot Press in 1979, gave further momentum to Irish rock's development. Hot Press gave alternative music it's own voice and it's own face. In much the same way Rolling Stone helped legitimize rock music a generation earlier, so Hot Press did in Ireland and never looked back. Of course, one of the drawbacks of having its own publication was the continuing problem distinguishing true rock talent with amateur "wannabee" rock bands that literally did little but rehearse, constantly switch members and play the occasional gig.
However, Irish rock really started making waves at home around this time, and bands started having significant success in Ireland without having to move to England. Arguably, the biggest success enjoyed by a group around this time in Ireland was Bagatelle's huge hit, Summer In Dublin, in 1978 which took the country by storm. Not since the days of Thin Lizzy and Horslips, had a group been so successful at home. Although it is difficult to categorize Bagatelle and their leader, Liam O'Reilly as rockers, they were still part of the Hot Press crowd--rock bands at heart. Liam went on to represent Ireland in Eurovision some twelve years later and placed a very respectable 2nd.
Following on the heels of Bagatelle, groups like The Blades, Mama's Boys, The Lookalikes, Stepaside (originally formed in the mid 70's), Reform, and many others had hit records in Ireland. The irony though, was that with success, they joined their ancestors, the showbands, playing in the ballrooms and dancehalls which dotted the countryside and cities of Ireland. "This week, Big Tom-next week, Mama's Boys!"
Little did anyone realise that during this period (around 1976) a group of four young Dublin lads were getting their act together. Known originally as "Feedback," the band burst on the Irish scene in 1978 and never looked back. U2 became not only the biggest rock group ever to come of or Ireland, but it has been argued, they are the greatest rock band in the world.
Of course, Irish rock continued to grow in both stature and influence as the eighties rolled on. Sir Bob Geldof's Live Aid concerts in 1985 were truly significant and revolutionized the social impact music could have across in the world...a trend that continues to the present day.
Since this website is dedicated mainly to bands that played in Ireland, up until 1985, a discussion of Ireland's continuing prominence in the world of rock through the 1990's and into the 21st century is beyond our scope. For the moment, we will leave that task to someone else.
Needless to say, when Thin Lizzy took to the stage in the Imperial Hotel in Sligo in the winter of 1972 and played their "new single, Whiskey In The Jar," few in the hall that evening could have ever imagined what would happen next!
Long live Irish rock!
Photos- A-C / Photos- D-H / Photos I-L / Photos - M - Z
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
Copyright © 2015 Albuquerque Journal
LAS CRUCES – New Mexico State University has cut 289 staff and faculty positions since implementing a soft hiring freeze in March as the school tries to tighten its belt in the face of falling enrollment.
Only vacant positions have been on the chopping block so far – an effort to help NMSU achieve the cost savings necessitated by a $9.1 million reduction in the university's $690.5 million operating budget for fiscal 2016.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Many of the positions were slashed even before the results of a staffing study by Deloitte Consulting were presented last month. The study found NMSU administrative staff are “poorly organized” – bloated in some areas and underserved in others.
“This is an ongoing process,” said NMSU President and former Gov. Garrey Carruthers.
Earlier this month, UNM announced it planned to cut up to 100 vacant positions in response to enrollment declines.
UNM President Bob Frank told the regents that the cuts, which will include staff and faculty positions, reflect a “need to right-size ourselves and recognize that we will have slightly fewer students in the future.”
The hiring moratorium at NMSU hasn't been absolute: 189 waivers have been granted since the March hiring moratorium took effect, including 48 faculty positions and 141 staff, NMSU said.
There is no set goal for staffing levels yet, but Carruthers said a number could result from an executive review of the results of the Deloitte study. In the meantime, he said, the hiring moratorium remains in effect indefinitely.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“What we really want to do, particularly in span of control, is develop a set of guidelines,” Carruthers said, which individual departments could use to organize themselves “in such a fashion that we can meet the criteria … that we are trying to achieve for the kinds of savings we are trying to achieve.”
“Span of control” refers to layers of management in an organization; for example, how many people each manager has under his or her purview.
NMSU staffing levels had already fallen 7 percent over five years to 4,005 positions in November 2014. The university had trimmed 298 positions from November 2010 when NMSU employed 4,303 people. The university does its staffing count each November.
“We have been actively managing the university's operating budget for several years, and I think that is evident by the reduction in staffing numbers,” said Angela Throneberry, NMSU's senior vice president for administration and finance.
Colleges statewide have been hit with lower enrollment. NMSU's main campus saw its student body shrink 14 percent this fall to 15,490 students from peak enrollment in 2011 of 18,024. University revenue drops in step with enrollment.
UNM has seen enrollment slip 6 percent over the same period, to 27,354 students in fall 2015 from 29,056 students in fall 2011.
There has been some pushback from managers due to the reductions, Carruthers said, as some appeal decisions to close a position.
“Pushback shows its face when we say we're going to wait on this or we turn them down,” he said. “We do occasionally get some kind of appeal. But what we do see happening is everybody realizes what we are trying to do. People are beginning now to rationalize what they are asking for.”
Hong Kong Fur Federation Director Fritz Chen has called the fur industry “environmentally friendly” during a radio programme on Tuesday. His comments were criticised by Non-Profit Making Veterinary Service Society Director Mark Mak, who said that certain chemicals produced when processing fur are carcinogenic pollutants.
Commercial Radio invited both Chen and Mak to discuss the fur industry on their show on Tuesday morning. Chen said that the industry uses “renewable resources” on the planet, and most of the animals are reared, not captured, from the wild, RTHK reported. “It's even more environmentally friendly than eating fish,” Chen said. “No animal will become extinct because of the fur industry.”
He also said that it was impossible to skin an animal alive, as the fur would be damaged if the animal put up a struggle. Therefore, carbon monoxide or electroshock is used to “painlessly” end the animal's life in accordance with European Union standards, Stand News reported him as saying.
After the interview, Mak said on Facebook that Chen refused to speak to him in person on the show and, as a result, he only gave a phone interview during the session. However, he was still only given two minutes. “This is not even a discussion or a dialogue,” he said. “The show became a platform for the fur industry to defend their own actions.”
‘Inhumane suffering'
Mak said that formaldehyde and chromium are produced when processing fur – both of which are carcinogens which pollute the environment.
Mak also said that killing animals to satisfy one's personal greediness was inhumane, and no matter what “humane” methods that they industry claim they employ, it still was not enough to clear their name. “All that suffering is facilitated by [the fur industry] promoting the trend of wearing fur,” Mak said. “You're not only an accomplice – you're the main culprit.”
In January, New People's Party Chairperson Regina Ip came under fire for wearing a red mink coat to a Legislative Council meeting. She then told reporters that “farm[ing] animals and eating beef was about the same.” She was later awarded a thank-you certificate by the Hong Kong Fur Federation for her efforts in promoting fur.
The federation is also the organiser of the Hong Kong International Fur & Fashion Fair, which will be held next week.
Last December, Will Johnson stood in the center of MAPFRE Stadium in Columbus, Ohio hoisting the MLS Cup trophy in glee as fireworks shot into the air behind him.
Johnson had known since early fall that he would be leaving the Portland Timbers at the end of the season. But, in that moment, he still relished the opportunity to celebrate one last time with the team he had captained for three seasons, leading the club on the field as they went from Western Conference bottom-dweller to MLS Cup Champions.
"My commitment to the group never wavered even as I was going home talking about where I was going to play next year," said Johnson in a phone interview with the Oregonian/OregonLive. "I did everything I could to leave a positive impression on the group and my teammates, and as soon as it was over I packed up my bags."
Four and a half months after the Timbers officially announced that they would be trading Johnson to Toronto FC, the midfielder is feeling at home with his new club. He has started all seven games this season and leads Toronto with three assists.
But the Timbers still hold a special place in Johnson's heart, and, even though he'll be on the other side of the field, Johnson said he is excited to once again return to Providence Park Sunday when Toronto faces the Timbers.
"It's a club that meant a lot to me," Johnson said. "It's a club that I put a lot of hard work into, a lot of energy, a lot of passion. I'm excited to see all the familiar faces, all the supporters."
Johnson had never planned to leave Portland, but it became clear to him toward the end of last season that he would have to make a move.
After breaking his leg at Toronto FC in September of 2014, the 29-year-old spent the majority of 2015 recovering from the injury.
He managed to initially return to Portland's starting 11 at the end of May, but things clearly weren't right and Johnson still didn't feel like himself on the field. He finally made the decision to undergo minor surgery to remove screws in his leg in early October, recognizing that he needed to have the procedure if he hoped to get back to full strength.
But even before that, Johnson had started to realize that there might no longer be a place for him in Portland's starting 11.
He struggled to break back into the lineup even after scoring a goal and playing 90 minutes with the Canadian National Team in early September, and in mid-October, when Timbers coach Caleb Porter made the decision to move to a formation with just one defensive midfielder, Johnson knew that there would no longer be a spot for him to earn on the field.
Before the end of the 2015 regular season, Johnson sat down with Porter and told the Timbers coach that he wanted to be traded. The Timbers agreed and gave Johnson the opportunity to choose his next club.
"He already had his rotation down and sorted," Johnson said. "I didn't want to stay in a place I wasn't going to play and he understood that."
In Toronto, Johnson has begun a new chapter in his career. The 29-year-old is now completely healthy and has already developed into a key piece in Toronto's system.
"This was a place that I felt I could help the team win," Johnson said. "I've enjoyed my time here and I've fit in well. From an individual perspective, I want to play every single game this year and make up for lost time."
Still, even as he's embarked on a new chapter, Johnson will never forget his three seasons in Portland.
The Timbers were coming off a terrible 2012 season when Porter, who had just taken over as Timbers head coach, brought Johnson in to the squad and quickly gave him the captain's armband. With Johnson leading the way, the Timbers went on to finish first in the Western Conference in 2013, before knocking out the Seattle Sounders in the first round of the playoffs. That season changed the culture of the club, and Johnson was critical to that.
"I loved every moment leading that group," Johnson said. "2013 was a special year, turning things around from 2012. We didn't have the most talented team that year, but we fought hard and only lost five games and that's something I'm proud of."
On Sunday, Johnson will take a moment to enjoy the atmosphere at Providence Park and say hello to his former teammates and coaches. But, when the whistle blows, he won't hold anything back against his former club.
He's a competitor and admits that there might be a moment in the game where he makes the crowd a bit unhappy, but he's hopeful that the supporters will continue to respect him, even though he's on the other side of the field.
"Whatever reception I get, I'll always respect the club and the people in Portland," Johnson said.
-- Jamie Goldberg | jgoldberg@oregonian.com
503-853-3761 | @jamiebgoldberg
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) poses for photos during a stop at BOC Water Hydraulics on Oct. 16 in Salem, Ohio. (Scott R. Galvin/AP)
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) has missed 23 of the Senate's 29 votes since the first Republican debate of the 2016 election cycle. For weeks, his opponents have hammered him for his absenteeism, with Jeb Bush's son suggesting two weeks ago that Rubio "either drop out [of the presidential race] or do something" in the Senate. "We're paying you to do something," said Jeb Bush Jr. "It ain't run for president."
The South Florida Sun-Sentinel editorial board agrees.
In a ferocious editorial, the paper makes the same demand. "Marco Rubio should resign, not rip us off."
Sorry, senator, but Floridians sent you to Washington to do a job. We've got serious problems with clogged highways, eroding beaches, flat Social Security checks and people who want to shut down the government. If you hate your job, senator, follow the honorable lead of House Speaker John Boehner and resign it.
The editorial notes Rubio's Senate salary — $174,000 a year — and compares Rubio's attendance unfavorably with Sens. Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders, both of whom are also running for president but who have not seen the same level of absenteeism. (Since July, Paul has missed 12 of 81 votes; Sanders has missed four.)
The editorial takes issue with Rubio's claim that his votes don't matter anyway. Such a claim is "unpersuasive — and incredible, really," the paper writes.
Close votes are those in which the majority had 60 votes or fewer.
Since the beginning of the year, Rubio has missed 99 of 291 votes, according to GovTrack.us. Of those 99, 48 were votes in which the prevailing majority won with 60 votes or fewer; in three cases, the margin was five votes or fewer. On Tuesday, he missed a vote on the controversial Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, or CISA — and was one of four people not to vote on an amendment that was rejected by a two-vote margin.
The Sun-Sentinel also bashed Rubio for appearing in the Senate to criticize federal workers who weren't doing their jobs, something we noted last week. "You said, 'there is really no other job in the country where if you don't do your job, you don't get fired,'" the editorial board wrote. "With the exception of your job, right?"
"By choosing to stay in the Senate and get the publicity, perks and pay that go with the position — without doing the work — you are taking advantage of us," they wrote, concluding, "Either do your job, Sen. Rubio, or resign it."
WASHINGTON—Finally conceding it is unrealistic to expect today's children to complete a pull-up, run a mile, or touch their toes, the President's Council on Fitness, Sports, and Nutrition announced Tuesday the new standard for winning its award would be the ability to eat a meal without breaking a sweat. “In our revised physical fitness test, a meal is placed in front of a child, and the longer he or she is able to eat without wheezing or needing to lie down, the higher the score,” said executive director Shellie Pfohl, adding that children who complete the meal in the fastest amount of time without shifting around in their seat to make their pants fit more comfortably will be eligible for the top medal. “We want our kids to set more pragmatic, real-world goals for themselves, and being able to run back and forth across a basketball court one time is no longer realistic.” At press time, elementary school student Henry Walters was on his fourth helping of mashed potatoes as his obese classmates cheered for him to keep going.
Advertisement
Fire marshals have determined that the fire under elevated Metro-North tracks in East Harlem Tuesday night was accidental, caused by fuel spilled on a hot generator during re-fueling.The fire at a garden center halted train service for hours and continued to affect service for the Wednesday commute.Metro-North will operate on an Enhanced Saturday schedule until Friday morning on all three lines.Trains continue to run with delays in and out of Grand Central."We are confident there will be normal service by first thing Friday morning," said MTA CEO Tom Prendergast. "We are working very hard to improve on that time."Train service into and out of Grand Central was suspended on Tuesday night after a large tractor-trailer caught fire under the tracks at East 119 Street and Park Avenue.During the Wednesday morning commute, Metro-North trains traveled through the fire area and took passengers directly to Grand Central Terminal. They ran on the two outside tracks of the viaduct where the fire took place.Train speeds are reduced from 60 mph to a maximum allowable speed of 30 mph. Trains are operating as far as stations in the Bronx, where customers traveling to Manhattan can transfer to the subway to continue their trips.Nearly 100 Metro-North personnel worked through the night to inspect the viaduct to determine the extent of the structural damage and make temporary repairs.Workers brought out heavy machinery to replace damaged beams that support the train overpass, beams compromised by the intense heat of the fire."There are the beams that have been cut to be able to do the temporary repair so that we can take the load off that column, transfer it to another section, open up the two center tracks of the structure and restore normal service," said Prendergast. "It took a while to put out, it was a very intense fire. You can see the damage that was sustained by the structure. The center column is deformed."The heat damaged parts of the original column, which dates back to the viaduct's initial construction in the 19th century.At least 10 cars also caught fire when the two-alarm blaze broke out shortly before 7 p.m. Tuesday. There were some explosions in the fire that were so hot and strong, they blew bolts out of steel.Here's video captured by an Eyewitness News viewer:Though witness reports suggested several propane tanks had ignited, fire officials believe bolts popping out of the elevated track's steel supports sounded like a series of blasts. Firefighters removed 20 propane tanks to prevent explosions.Buildings on both sides of the street were evacuated.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A devout Muslim got a nasty shock when a supermarket mix-up resulted in him biting into a PORK roll - after thinking it was cheese and onion.
Shamrez Razaq, 20, said he felt sick after chomping on the Morrisons' own savoury supermarket pastries which was clearly labelled 'cheese and onion' and 'suitable for vegetarians'.
And horrified Shamrez, who had bought the pack of rolls for his family's tea, was forced snatch another roll from the same pack from his eight-year-old brother's mouth.
Mr Razaq, of Bradford, West Yorks., said: "For centuries my ancestors have not eaten pork - I can't believe this has happened.
"We regularly buy the cheese pastries from there so we never expected it to be pork. Why should we? It just shouldn't happen."
(Image: SWNS)
Speaking about the incident at Morrison's Ingleby Road store, Shamrez said: "I have never, never touched anything like that.
"It was a bad mistake of Morrisons' especially to make in the Girlington area which has such a huge Muslim population. It's unforgivable.
"They have to be extra careful. The rolls were their own brand, baked and packed by them. They are completely to blame.
"The pork and the cheese rolls look exactly the same, you can't tell the difference from the outside. The only difference is the label - and it was wrong."
He added: "My little brother didn't realise at first so I had to snatch it out of his mouth, he's really upset about what he's eaten."
(Image: SWNS)
Mr Razaq had to bin the contaminated plates they were using to eat the pastries and said he took the "offending food" in its original packaging back to the store straight away and asked to speak to the manager.
Speaking about the outlet's response, Shamrez said: "He [the manager] apologised and gave me a refund, a few more pounds than I'd paid which felt like a pay off. I was really disappointed at the lack of customer service.
"It didn't seem to sink in with them the enormity of what their mistake meant to us.
"I wasn't bothered about getting money back. I wanted to know they would be doing everything they possibly can to find out how it happened and to make sure this doesn't happen again."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Shamrez said he would "never ever forget" the episode and warned: "It might have happened to other Muslim families as well as us who were misled by Morrisons into thinking they were buying non-pork. How can we trust them again?"
A Morrisons spokesperson said: "At Morrisons, we are very aware that for various reasons our customers may wish to avoid certain foods for personal beliefs, and therefore we take the correct labelling of these very seriously indeed.
"We were very sorry to learn that the customer was sold an incorrectly labelled product, and have offered our sincerest apologies.
"We will ensure extra vigilance with regard to the correct labelling of these products, and will closely monitor it to make sure it doesn't happen again."
9) Disease. Some mysterious source (fallen stars, exotic fungus, demon bites, whatever) gives people an exotic ailment which allows them to distort the laws of the world. Also, it eventually kills you, and can give others a secondary disease, which gives pain but no power. People infected with it ("Wretched") are banished from cities, but since nobody wants to make the Wretched angry when it could mean a rain of fire or walls getting smashed to rubble, they're treated like a plague-ridden version of Hindu cows - for three days, a city will allow them all the food and drink they desire, and not interfere in where they go or what they do. On the fourth dawn, if the Wretched is still there, all the citizens band together to kill them; against the power of a Wretched, many will die, but so will the Wretched, so they generally leave before it comes to that. Some, however, see the Wretched as instruments of divine will, or merely covet their power, and follow them around trying to serve them or catch their illness (the later is impossible, the former merely perilous).
10) Luck. People are born with a specific, random amount of Luck. You can tell how much by looking at them - it manifests as a faintly glowing golden aura. Luck, by itself, makes things tend to go well for you (duh). It can also be "burned," using it up permanently in exchange for greater effects - burning a lot of luck can cause totally absurd outcomes, like avalanches that kill the ten men attacking you, but leave you unscathed. You can never willingly give your Luck to another, but you can take it by force, by setting up a Tragedy, where something terrible happens to the other person's loss and your gain - by proving your superiority, you gain an amount of Luck proportional to your victory. Obviously, the art here is to victimize someone who is very lucky (you can give Tragedies to anyone, but why bother for a small prize?), while using as little of your own Luck at all - lots of scheming are a must, and people with a great deal of Luck seldom really trust each other.
11) Dreaming - First. (I am sure this thread will eventually have other Dream-based magics in it.) Some people ("Dreamers") have the power to, by entering a deliberate sleep-walking trance, make their dreams real in a defined area around them (anywhere from a few centimeters to 10 meters - so a weak Dreamer can have shiny clothing, and a strong one can ride their pet dragon). This does not control other real people, but dream-things can touch real ones, and can even leave the defined area (but when they do, they exit the Dreamer's control, and behave normally according to physical laws - living creatures cannot leave this way, as far as anyone knows). Dreaming takes focus and skill to control - a subtle person can steer a Dreamer's own mind against them, causing odd results. There are also people called Wakers, who cannot Dream things into existence, but can take control of Dreamed objects, which then remain real and under their control (so, if a Dreamer gives themselves a sword of ice and flame, if it leaves their area, it's a nice hilt, a pile of ice, and flame which burns out in moments, and if they wake up with it in their area it vanishes - if a Waker takes it, the sword will be real so long as it remains in the Waker's possession). Sleepers can destroy or cancel out Dreamed objects, whomever holds them.
12) Thermodynamics. One for more modern settings: Energy is neither created nor destroyed. So, start eating - as one of the rare few born with the ability to Project energy indirectly, you'll need a LOT of calories. Magic that just lets you do things you could do physically might not seem too impressive, especially since it cannot effect living things, or objects surrounded by living things, but a smart Projector can cause guns to fire or refuse to (it doesn't take a lot of energy to move a firing pin), glitch out electronics (a tiny amount of energy in the wrong place fries circuits), blind people (you cannot create light inside their eyes, but you can get really close), defend valuables with a safe that has no dial and no keyhole (it's on the other side of the door, where only a Projector can get to it - better yet, inside the door), and think of lots of other clever tricks.
Lucha Underground's Son of Havoc on the locker room, working with Ivelisse on WWE Tough Enough
2015-03-13 10:40:14 Ring Rust Radio with Son of Havoc (a/k/a Matt Cross)
Hosts: Donald Wood, Mike Chikari, and Brandon Galvin
READ OUR INSIDER NEWS BEFORE ANYONE ELSE! BECOME A MEMBER FOR JUST $7.50 A MONTH (or less with a year-long sub) - GET THE FIRST LOOK AT EXCLUSIVE INSIDER DOT NET NEWS, TONS OF EXCLUSIVE AUDIO CONTENT, MEMBER MESSAGE BOARD ACCESS, START YOUR OWN BLOG, AND VIEW THE SITE WITHOUT ANY ADVERTISING: SIGN ME UP (or MORE INFO) Email This Article | Printer Friendly Page | Back to Main Listing
RELATED ARTICLES FROM MGID AFFILIATE SITES... Loading... From Around the Web
Schedule of I-90 closures for Seafair Sunday
The U.S. Navy Blue Angels perform during Seafair 2015. Seafair, the traditional summer Seattle festival, brings hydroplane boats to Lake Washington and aircraft to the skies above for the weekend's Boeing Air Show. Photographed on Sunday, August 2, 2015. less The U.S. Navy Blue Angels perform during Seafair 2015. Seafair, the traditional summer Seattle festival, brings hydroplane boats to Lake Washington and aircraft to the skies above for the weekend's Boeing Air ... more Photo: JOSHUA TRUJILLO, SEATTLEPI.COM Photo: JOSHUA TRUJILLO, SEATTLEPI.COM Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Schedule of I-90 closures for Seafair Sunday 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
As has become customary, the U.S. Navy Blue Angels' performance will close down the Interstate 90 floating bridge on Sunday for the Seafair Weekend finale.
The closure is mandated by the Federal Aviation Administration, and will start up to one hour ahead of scheduled performances, the state Department of Transportation said in a news release. The idea is to minimize distractions and keep everyone safe and sound during the wild airshows.
Closures will go all the way from the Seattle on-ramp for I-90 from Interstate 5 to Island Crest Way on Mercer Island. It's worth noting that the state Route 520 bridge will be open during the I-90 closures, so that might make a good alternative for drivers who need to get across.
Here are the closures, straight from WSDOT:
The Linux desktop is great... if it keeps getting the right applications.
The Linux desktop has long had most of the apps anyone could ever really need. Sure, it doesn't have some specific applications, like Adobe Photoshop or Quicken, but it had other apps. Such as Gimp for Photoshop and GNUCash for Quicken and QuickBooks that can do the job. Lately, however, companies that have supported Linux are moving away from the Linux desktop and that worries me. These companies and groups are: Adobe, Google, and Mozilla.
The first one doesn't come as much of a surprise. Adobe has long had a “difficult” relationship with Linux. We, the Linux community, wanted the full Adobe suite and what we got was Adobe AIR, Flash, and Acrobat. Well, we used to get AIR and Flash anyway. In February, Adobe announced that Adobe Flash Player 11.2 would be the last native version for Linux.
Newer versions of Flash will still be available for Linux... if you use the Chrome Web browser with its Flash Player browser plug-in. Listen, I love the Chrome Web browser, but I don't love feeling like I'm forced to use it because Adobe won't release a universal plug-in for any browser.
Now, some people hate Flash. For them, this is just another nail in Flash's coffin as HTML5 slowly takes over its place in delivering video, animation and games to users. That's a nice idea, but the bottom line is today the vast majority still rely on Flash, and not on HTML5, for all those elements. A Web browser without Flash support in 2012 is a crippled Web browser.
There are open-source alternatives to Adobe Flash. My favorite is GNU Gnash, but it hasn't kept up with the latest Flash formats.
Adobe AIR is dead. The badly out of date Air 2.6 is still available for Linux, but “Adobe has discontinued support for Adobe AIR for Linux operating systems.”
As for Adobe Acrobat Reader, Linux is not listed as an Acrobat X supported platform. Adobe Reader 9.4.7 is the latest available version for Linux. In stark contrast Windows users' can now download Acrobat 10.1.3. The open-source PDF readers, however, are better than their Flash cousins. I recommend KDE's Okular myself if you want to read PDF and avoid Adobe's offerings.
Google is perhaps the oddest case with its hot and cold support for the Linux desktop. Google runs Linux itself on its servers. You could argue that Google is Linux's biggest success story.
On the other hand, Google has pulled support from Picasa for Linux, a simple, good photograph archiving and editing program. There are many other easy Linux photo programs, like Shotwell, but I always liked Picasa and I was surprised and ticked off to see Google shut Picasa down.
In addition, while I really like Google Drive, Google's personal cloud storage service, I wasn't happy that Google didn't immediately bring out native Google Drive support for Linux. It's coming real soon now, but it's still not here today.
Moving along, while it is indeed great that Google Chrome supports Flash, I find it more than a little annoying that, thanks in part to this, you can watch Netflix movies on Chromebooks or PCs running Chrome OS, which is just the Chrome Web browser running on top of Linux, but you can't watch the same videos with Chrome on any other Linux distribution. I mean come on guys, let's make this happen!
Finally, there's Mozilla, Firefox's parent group. The Mozilla crew is working on a way to install native Web applications on a browser's operating system. In short, they want to invent yet another app. Store. That's all well and good, but they won't be supporting it on Linux. At least, it won't be in Linux at first anyway.
Some Mozilla developers seem upset that it's been discovered they've placed Linux on the back-burner. On the other hand, it also seems to have lit a fire under some of them to take developing for Linux more seriously again.
And, that last part is a good thing. What I see happening here is that too many companies and programmers, ones that should know better, have started neglecting the Linux desktop.
Sure, the Linux desktop is a small market, but it's also a vital one that many of the world's best programmers and developers use every day And, besides the server side of Linux is what makes some of the biggest 21st century businesses go and the mobile side, Android, is in more smartphones than any other operating system. I hope that Adobe, Google and Mozilla all realize that since they're already supporting Linux in so many other venues they also need to keep supporting it with vigor on the desktop as well.
Related Stories:
Fedora 17 & GNOME 3.4: Return to a useful Linux desktop (Review)
Dell readies Ubuntu Linux laptop for developers
Here's why Linux is innovating on the desktop
Ubuntu 12.04 vs. Windows 8: Five points of comparison
Linus Torvalds likes the Google Chrome OS Linux desktop
We're required to remind you that these strong takes are SATIRE. Sorry, not sorry. All spelling errors are intentional, we think. -Ed.
CLEVELAND -- After a night spent hobnobbing with our nations political Elite, I woke up with a hangover so bad my tounge has the shakes. And though my mind is trying to trick me into thinking I got hit with a garbage truck filled with untuned guitars, I know better. Last night was a bucket list checkmark. It was the opening night of the Republican Presidental Debates, and my god what a thrillride. It was like a superbowl, a world cup that's not in a weird time zone, and a Tyson fight expcept with fewer people surrounding you that youd want to have sex with.
But let me piece together what I saw last night, which was for all intensive purposes a sporting event of epic purportions:
The Pregame
The tailgating crowd arrived about 4 hours before the main event. Thery got there early and we were loud, proud, and plowed. It was a news media circus with probably 500 people outside and nearly half as many reporters getting takes from anyone who could operate a poster.
Not to brag but I was probaly the drunkest.
Met alot of people that will be in all honesty friends for life:
And my dude here is basicaly the earliest robin of spring for dropping the first Hitler reference.
Not to make this all about myself but I was probably the best dressed person there. I invented my own shirt and American flag shorts that I made out of pants:
I was there to represent those without a voice- the truly most discriminated class in America. As liberal paper's of record such as the Washington Post continue to silents our first amendment right to free speech by eliminated comment sections, Im reminded of a old poem from a author long forgotten: "First they came for the internet commenters, and I said nothing."
My message struck a chord with many of the local Cleveland TV reporter's who intervewed me as I carried my d-fence sign as a show of solidarty with other internet commenters to "keep the noise going" in the comments and "dont let the enemy audble."
In case you cant tell I played a bit of competitive football back in my day and learned a few tricks on keeping your oppnet uncomfortable. BBC even intervewed me about my politics:
Wayne from Texas is a "big time" supporter of #trump. Says he represents a section of society usually neglected. pic.twitter.com/StulkXycck — Rajini Vaidyanathan (@rajiniv) August 6, 2015
Listen I dont want to act like it was all peach's and cream. There were some administrative problems for the Republican Debates from the beginning.
For one, they flip flopped on issuing me a press credential so I had to resort to asking people if I could buy a ticket on the street. The most amazing thing about being at this debate was watching people walk buy and I was continuously offering them more and more money that I didnt have, and just seeing how none of them even stopped.
"I need a ticket. Ill go as high as $100"
Nothing.
"$200"
Less than nothing.
"A thousand dollars" (which I had no intenton of paying them)
People actually scoffed.
I literaly offered about 100 people $2,000 and not one person even stopped in there tracks to ask me if I was serous..
But I can understand why people were holding onto there debate tickets tighter than their hopes of there daughters theoretical chastitys and thats because it was basically like Thursday night Raw was coming to town and dear god it was. Hell was coming and Donald Trump followed with it.
The state of Cleveland had GOP fever to the point where Progressive Field across the street CLOSED DOWN ENTIRELY. Tactical retreat or mere scheduling conicidince, I dont know, but you have to admit it was ironic.
But it was 6 PM and the Conservative field was just getting warmed up.
I was told by NUMEROUS people in bowties that I stood no chance to buy a ticket to get in no matter how hard I flirted with there wives so I eventually just pivoted into making sure my message was heard. I made a lot of friends and likeminded folk, my BENGHAZI acrosstic on my back was a real hit among the cougers moms crowd, and I even got to meet a real Cleveland Indian.
Speakiing of the liberals, this guy out front had some very interesting things to say about the liberal media and specially MSNBSPN and how there cramming this liberal sports coverage down my throat and making me watch it, and we got into in pretty hard about who cares less about Michael Sam:
I should note I was intoxicated at this point holding up another sign saying simply "Obama sucks at football." It was a big hit. And I expect you can find these videos on your source for greater Ohio news.
I swing by Chris Matthews show to hang out with the Hardball crew, and there producer came over pretty quickly and asked me to take down my Obama Sucks at Football sign. There you have it proof that MSNBC is liberal claptrap. But I knew my rights so I stood my ground and held up my Flacco sign instead.
Which promted the Ravens to way in with:
We hardly think this warrants a debate... https://t.co/fP0BSQxU8u — Baltimore Ravens (@Ravens) August 7, 2015
and
And then:
Meanwhile, behind Chris Matthews ... pic.twitter.com/8tHac2HMeZ — Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) August 7, 2015
FYI Cleveland Police all agreed that Flacco was not Elite but they all admitted theyd love to hae him on the Browns. I think the cops demonstrated a tremendous abilty to deescelate what could of been a very volitile situation by talking about Johnny Manzell instead of drawing a weapon, and I think other police departments could maybe learn a thing or two. Eeryone likes to talk football. But then one policeman brought me a pen which is literally a mightier weapon then a sword, because he wanted me to correct my signs spelling. Apparently there not content being the actual police but they also want to be the grammar police too. Grass is always greener I guess.
The Debate
After being discriminated against I needed to just decompress amognst people who knew what it felt like to experence what I had just gone through. Fortunately I arrived at the RNC hotel just in time for the Black Republican Meeting, which was electrifying:
This probably isnt very fair of me. I may have just walked in at a lull in the get together and took a gotcha photo, and if thats the case then sue me. Actually please dont.
I made my way to the RNC hotel bar which was pretty much empty so I got to analyze the debate without any influence other than the entire audience which I supsect was actually "Saved By The Bell" Soundtrack reacting to brutal cut-downs with a satisfyihg "oooooOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH" which added to the atmosphere.
I mean this in all serousness- it was the most entertaning teleivision show I have ever watched. Im going to be covering the Democrat debates too but there too boring to even hate. Love em or shove em, the GOP gives you emotions, You cant hate what you cant feel., and I sense that alot of the GOP hatred toward's Obama and Hillary isnt really that genuine, they just love there own ideas so much that they know that whoever disagrees with them is evil. They make politics fun.
By the way if your thinking Im only slamming conservatives here let me go ahead and say that the deomcraptic debate is going to be the exact opposite of this- your going to need some old formula jack3d preworkout mix and whatever precursor to chrystal meth the Nazis gave there troops in France to make it through just the Candidate introductions: "Hi friends, and soon-to-be friends, I'm Bernie Sand-(all the lights in the auditorium shut off and no one notices or cares)
The Republicans are out of touch on one thing and one thing only- they need to disrupt the debate-watching industrial complex by opening it up as a Pay Per View revenue stream that they have ownership of. You want to make it so only rich people can vote, then hell son, logicaly you should make it so only rich people can watch the debate. If this was a million dollars on PPV I would of robbed the world's the poorest bank to watch it. I will open up my kids college fund to watch the next one thats a promise and anyone who disagrees with me is a damn fool.
But as for the substance of the debate itself, Trump won by a mile and cemented himself as the only true decison for Americans who want a canidate that isnt afraid to say whatever he wants to say no matter what that thing is.
Some of the highlights I remember:
Pretty sure at some point Megyn Kelly just basically said "each canidate will now have 30 seconds to talk about Donald Trump."
For about 4 minutes Marco Rubio smirked so hard he broke his neck.
Jeb Bush is a true coach's son. He knew the playbook. Showed alot of deceptive intelligence out there no offense to his brothers case for the Iraq war.
Rand Paul said "I dont want my marriage — or my guns — registered in Washington." hell yeah theres actually alot of similarities between a woman and a gun ...
Jeb Bush just dragged the whole thing out for awhile and didnt know when to cut it off but hell enough about Terry Schiavo.
When asked how he thought he could handle the national debt, Trump made a exellent point that he is very experienced at owing people money. No doubt in my mind Trump is the Phillip Rivers of this debate. Will struggle to win the big one but his awkward delivery and warm meanness is enough to make him extremeley likable to about one in 6 people.
The dinging bell for running out of time was the same sound affect as family feud so when Huckabee started in with the "getting abortions in the back of a Buick and how hookers and pimps were just dripping there sex all across gods tax bracke *ding*
Megyn Kelly asked a great queston about which candidates had personally been invited to be President by God, which at this point if your not in Gods inner circle what are you even doing on my television.
It honestly felt like the crowd wanted a fight and it wouldnt of been all that suprising to be honest. We were about one missplaced knock aganst Trump away from Stone Colds music to start playing and Trump standing on top of the lectern shotgunning beers and hitting the moderaters with the double middle fingers. We are very close to a ladder match for president of the United States.
The moderators did a awesome job, and everyone I spoke to at the after party disagreed with me. They hated how they went after Trump right off the bat. I thought it was great and made for a much more entertainig evening. Libs need to respond and have Odd Future moderate the Democratic debate to ensure a ratings bonanza, email me if your on the DNC so we can make this happen.
Best question of the night was asking a canidate what if their daughters were lesbians, I mean how do you even respond to that without saying "If my daughters were lesbians? Oh man im gonna need a minute here. damn. yea pretty good. Yea I'm cool with that." Exellent restraint on Kasichs part to not just basically perv out on everyone. Cant take that bait.
However alot of questons still linger due to indecisiveness and hemming and hawing. For edxample, Im still not quite sure about how i should feel about how women should feel about abortions.
The RNC After Party
So then the afterparty started and no one thought to ask me to please leave the bar for some reason so I stuck around, danced, ate there food, and drank their liquor, which was flowing like wine.
The DJs were injecting pure energy into the dance floor:
Heres a partial setlist:
Hey Ya
Shut up and Dance with Me
What I want by Hall and Oats
Moves Like Jagger
It started with a whisper
One more time (radio edit)
T-Swift- Shake it Off
Wagon Wheel (Hootie and the Blowfish version)
Sugar by Maroon 5
Uptown Funk
Blurred Lines (edited)
Kenny Chesney song about Mexico- got some real side-eyes from the Perry/Trump crowd
A country song about a truck and theres a girl on a dirt road too
100% serious the same Maroon 5 song again
Give it to me I'm worth it
A different song that samples "Sugar" by Maroon 5
Things were getting pretty hot and heavey on the dancefloor and hookups were in the process. But in case your wondering what kind of sex people were going to be having afterwards this was the kind of party that served crackers with a fork:
I looked everywhere for Huckabees large adult sons. The prime rib stand, the casino jail, in the bsaement cutting garlic with a razor like in Goodfellas, and they were nowhere to be found. Might be a stunt family he used to show off. Will look into this more.
As the party winded down I stopped by the roulette table next door to put $20 on Black 5 in honor of Joe Flacco but it turned out I didnt have $20 anymore, so I called it a night and got home in a strangers car who sent some dude a text last weekend and got to become part of a company that drives lost people around. All in all a pretty solid night, but now I have to get it together- Nikki Haley is giving todays luncheon keynote and I have some very important questons for her about the confederate flag and her stance on Joe Flacco.
★★★
Lucknow: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath has decided to rename the one of the busiest railways stations in the state, Mughalsarai, after RSS ideologue Deen Dayal Upadhyay. The latter had mysteriously died at the railway station in 1968.
Additionally, the official letter heads of ministers of the Yogi cabinet will be carrying a logo with Upadhyay's picture. The decisions were taken at a cabinet meeting on Tuesday. The move comes just a month after the UP government decided to rename the Agra airport after Upadhyay. The decision are part of Adityanath government's celebrations to mark the centenary of Upadhyay.
Seminars and symposium programs, poster competition, slogan writing, essay writing, debate, poetic text competitions will be organized in schools and colleges to mark the event. The state sports department will also be organizing events and competitions at district and state level.
Additionally, as a long term plan, every year, a Nagar Panchayat in a district out of the total 438 municipal panchayats in UP, will be declared as 'Panch Deen Dayal Upadhyay Adarsh ​​Nagar Panchayat'. Under this, the basic facilities of the Nagar Panchayat will be ensured for the public. A plan has also been drawn to cover all 438 municipal panchayats in the state over the next five years.
European C-segment buyers don't like saloons much; five-door hatchbacks is where the game is at, and Fiat has been absent for quite some time.
This has just been rectified with the launch of the new Tipo hatchback that's going for a piece of the pie currently by the likes of the Megane, newly-crowned COTY Astra and, of course, the default choice that is the Golf.
Fiat has played it safe with this one: nothing ground-breaking, yet nothing offensive either. Not necessarily a bad thing – practicality, value and space are more often than not higher in the list of priorities of lots of customers than cutting-edge design.
Speaking of which, the Italian designers didn't have to start from scratch, as they already had the Tipo sedan to work on. That they did, ditching the saloon's boot for a fifth door with a wraparound window and boomerang-shaped lights.
The Tipo family has just gained a third member, too, in the estate that's also making its debut in Geneva alongside the hatch. An elongated roof, third window, increased boot volume, same taillights as the hatch, plus the “obligatory” roof rails to remind that this one doesn't mind taking your skis or roof rack any time you feel like it.
Powertrains for the two models will also come from the saloon that preceded them. This makes for two Multijet II diesels and two petrol units ranging from 95PS (94HP) to 120PS (118 HP) and available with 5- and 6-speed manuals or a 6-speed automatic transmission.
Photo Gallery
TORONTO – Jose Bautista will miss at least a day or two, and possibly longer, after the Toronto Blue Jays slugger aggravated a nagging shoulder injury by making a throw in anger against the Baltimore Orioles.
The all-star right-fielder underwent an MRI following Tuesday's emotional 13-6 victory that revealed a strain, and the pain was severe enough that he was completely unavailable for Wednesday's contest.
Manager John Gibbons had planned to give Bautista, a career 2-for-29 against starter Ubaldo Jimenez, the night off anyway, but the concern now is that he may miss more than just the one game, perhaps even needing a stint on the disabled list.
“I probably shouldn't have made that throw in the eighth inning to first base,” said Bautista, “but I did so I can't take it back now.”
On the play in question, he fielded a Delmon Young single in the top of the eighth and seemed to put every ounce of energy he had into throwing the burly Orioles slugger out at first base. His throw was a bit wide, and Young was safe by a couple of steps.
Emotions were still running high at that point for Bautista, as in the seventh, he took Jason Garcia deep three pitches after an 0-1 heater sailed behind him, and his slow walk around the bases infuriated the Orioles.
During the changeover between innings, Bautista and Adam Jones traded words, and umpires had to intervene.
“It didn't feel too bad when I did it,” Bautista said of his shoulder, “but as I sat in the dugout and went back out for defence, yeah, it did start getting a little sore. That's when I first said, ‘That wasn't the smartest thing to do.'
“Again, I can't take it back, and it's one of those emotional plays. That's the way I play the game. Trying to get an out. Maybe in the situation I should have tried to weigh better the pros and cons, knowing that my arm was already hurting.”
Any extended absence would be a painful one for the Blue Jays, especially with Michael Saunders still on a rehab assignment and not expected back before Friday at Tampa. Manager John Gibbons put Kevin Pillar in right field Wednesday and used super-utility man Ryan Goins in left field.
Steve Tolleson and, in a pinch Danny Valencia, can also play in the outfield, with Caleb Gindl likely the first recall if the Blue Jays choose to go that route.
The injury outlines the risk/reward in the emotional fashion in which Bautista plays.
“It's the situation. It's the moment,” he said. “That's what makes us good athletes and good ballplayers, is responding to the circumstances you have in front of you and just playing with instinct. That's what my instinct told me to do. If I'm always consciously telling myself, ‘Should I do this or not do this?' how many balls would I drop and not catch, how many people would I not throw out, how many balls would I not swing at. I don't play like that and I don't think I ever will.”
Regardless, the issues in his shoulder had lingered for more than a week, and the pain was so acute he considered taking a DH day over the weekend against Atlanta. Though Monday's off-day helped, that likely wasn't enough time to resolve the issue.
Making things worse wasn't difficult under such circumstances.
“If he doesn't show much progress the next couple of days, [a trip to the DL] is always a possibility,” said Gibbons. “As of today, it's not just a sore shoulder, today he couldn't throw a baseball.”
Another possibility is that Bautista returns as soon as he can hit, waiting things out before heading back to the outfield.
“I hate to say it because I think it's kind of weird when hockey does it, but it is day-to-day,” he said. “I have to see how it feels tomorrow, I can't jump ahead and say I'll be ready to hit in two days. … My shoulder is sore right now, that's all I can say.”
Jason Greenblatt is an executive with the Trump Organization and an adviser on Israel to presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
While most Americans were barbecuing, relaxing with family and friends, and celebrating our nation's 240th birthday over the holiday weekend, much of the news media was erupting — not with fireworks but with an even more combustible pastime: character assassination over a six-pointed star that appeared as one image in a tweeted meme.
Knowing Donald Trump as well as I do, and knowing his utter lack of the slightest ill will toward Jews, it is not the least bit surprising to me that he would not have seen any connection between the meme and any kind of anti-Jewish sentiment.
1 of 15 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Memorable moments on the campaign trail with Donald Trump View Photos The GOP presidential candidate's campaign has been far from ordinary. Here are some of the more memorable moments. Caption The GOP presidential candidate's campaign has been far from ordinary. Here are some of the more memorable moments. Look at those hands “Look at those hands, are they small hands?”Trump said at a debate in Detroit hosted by Fox News Channel. “And, he referred to my hands — ‘If they're small, something else must be small.' I guarantee you there's no problem. I guarantee.” Read the story Rebecca Cook/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The clearest refutation of the claim of anti-Semitism, or the claim that Mr. Trump is someone who encourages, condones or panders to anti-Semitic behavior, is his lifelong embrace of the Jewish people and his record of staunch support for Jewish causes and Israel.
I should know. I am an observant Jew and have had the privilege of working for Mr. Trump for nearly two decades.
Another chief executive might not have hired a junior attorney who must leave early every Friday afternoon in the fall and the winter to make it home in time to observe Shabbat, the Jewish day of rest. Others might not have tolerated a lawyer of theirs being completely unavailable for 25 hours per week during the Sabbath.
Many bosses might have promoted others over me for missing as many as six weekdays (during which I am also completely unavailable) in the fall season to observe Jewish holidays that occur just as everyone else is getting back to work after a slower summer season. As my responsibilities grew over the years, that could have given him even more reason to turn to others instead of me.
But Mr. Trump hasn't merely tolerated my religious observance; he has encouraged it. He understands that my faith is a blessing, an important part of who I am, and he values me more for it. Today, I am the Trump Organization's chief legal officer and executive vice president, so I can say the following — it's a truth that I've spent nearly 20 years experiencing:
Mr. Trump respects my Judaism. He appreciates my unique, religiously demanding lifestyle, and he makes sure I feel it and am proud of it. I base this not on Twitter shapes or tongue-in-cheek comments, but on real-life experiences that have impacted me, my wife and our six children.
His message has always been supportive and understanding as I have hurried out of the office for a Jewish holiday, in the midst of a major transaction, grinding negotiations to a complete halt for three full days. He has told me: “Go home, go pray, and be with your family. . . . We will pick it up after the holiday.” Those words represent who Mr. Trump is in his heart and in practice.
1 of 45 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail View Photos Businessman Donald Trump officially became the Republican nominee at the party's convention in Cleveland. Caption Businessman Donald Trump officially became the Republican nominee at the party's convention in Cleveland. Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event at Trump Doral golf course in Miami. Carlo Allegri/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
And it's not just me. I have seen Mr. Trump navigate issues of workplace diversity with tremendous sensitivity — not because he has to but because that is who he is.
I am blessed to live in a country that is built on the principle that all people are created equal and should be treated as such. I raise my family to understand that it is our obligation to fight hate, bigotry and persecution of all kinds. Donald Trump represents the same values.
Sadly, hatred and bigotry continue to fester in our country. The vile tweets that Bethany Mandel, Dana Schwartz, Jonathan Weisman and other journalists have received are loathsome. I, too, have received hateful tweets and Facebook posts, but I must point out that some have been from the opposite end — from Jews who have criticized me with tremendous ugliness.
All of this venom being spewed with such ease through social media must stop. Blaming Mr. Trump will not solve this destructive problem. Let us work together to unify our country and to eliminate all forms of hatred and bigotry, in our nation and across the globe.
Jason Greenblatt is an executive with the Trump Organization and an adviser on Israel to presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
A majority of the American people is telling pollsters it wants the U.S. government to keep out of other nations' business, that it does not want America to be at war indefinitely, and that it fears the U.S. government's growing “homeland Security” powers—including the power to declare any American to be a terrorist and to kill him—more than it fears terrorism. Because Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul has explained better than anyone why he shares these majority sentiments, he is halfway home to claiming foreign policy credibility for his 2016 presidential candidacy.
But only halfway, because the very same popular majorities also say they want the U.S. government to be much tougher against America's enemies. Neither Paul nor any other candidate seems to have thought about what it would mean for the U.S. government to pull back from involvement in other peoples' business, to make foreign commitments and conduct internal security according to the Constitution, while at the same time being tougher against our enemies. The establishment regards these sentiments as contradictory. In fact, they are complementary parts of the American people's historic, coherent approach to international affairs. To be credible, Paul—or any other contender for the presidency—must figure out why this is so and how to apply this insight to our time's pressing problems.
Herewith, some suggestions for Rand Paul.
How To Wield Both Sides of the Sword
Rightly, Paul decries the sterile confrontation between libertarians who suppose that erstwhile foreign enemies will leave us be once we turn our back to them, and neoconservatives who want to impose our order or our ways on mankind. Where, he asks, “are the Kennan's [sic] of our generation?…Where are the calls for moderation, the calls for restraint?” This sounds Aristotelian. But moderation and restraint are meaningful only in relation to actual alternatives.
Rand Paul must give concrete examples of what he considers the extremes.
A medical doctor – an ophthalmologist by profession, and graduate of the Duke University School of Medicine – Paul may be excused for not having thought through the details of international affairs. Not so those whom he chooses as his advisers in the field. To be credible, he and they would have to give concrete examples of what they consider the extremes, and what the middle way might be—what they deem to be other people's business and what our own. They have a ways to go.
For example, Paul's major pronouncement on foreign affairs said: “Over 50% of Americans still believe Iraq attacked us on 9/11,” as if to accuse his fellow citizens of bellicose ignorance. But while no one knows the details of the extensive relationship between Saddam Hussein's intelligence service and Khalid Sheik Mohammed, 9/11's executor, there is no doubt that Saddam was a main engine of death to Americans. He had made himself the paladin of anti-Americanism, was running terrorist training camps and was paying terrorists, including those who carried out the first bombing of the World Trade Center.
Paul might have said that making an example of Saddam and his Ba'ath party by overthrowing them was necessary to America's peace, but that occupying Iraq to try forcing peace among its factions was a counterproductive intrusion into their business. Our future moderation, he might yet say, would consist of undoing our enemies because of the harm they portend to us rather than to others. That is what the American people reasonably desire.
Paul's pronouncements warn Americans that trying to de-nuclearize Iran through “pre-emptive bombing” would have “unintended consequences,” that “war should never be our only option,” and that “the debate over war is the most important debate that occurs in our country.” They stress, properly, that the Constitution puts Congress at the center of that debate. But the substance of his proposal for dealing with Iran and with radical Islam in general—some kind of “containment” based on “creative ambiguity” about what we might or might not do—is no substance at all.
Words Alone Mean Nothing
“Strategic ambiguity,” Paul admits, is “a policy of having no policy,” “a combination of don't mess with us language and diplomacy.” Why should such substance-less language impress the Iranians, the Chinese, the Russians, or any of the Muslim potentates who incite terror against us? Paul answers: “The world knows we possess an enormous ability of nuclear retaliation…But for our enemies to be uncertain what provocation may awaken an overwhelming response, nuclear or conventional, is an uncertainty that still helps to keep the peace.”
For a generation, the U.S. government has been interfering in other peoples' business while neglecting our own.
But even 60 years ago, when the world had far more reason to take America seriously than it does now, the Eisenhower administration's threat to respond to Communist breaches of containment massively (i.e. with nukes) “at times and places of our own choosing” rang hollow. It lost the last vestiges of credibility when the U.S. government renounced plans to defend America against ballistic missiles and dismantled our air defenses.
In short: today, any number of people in the Muslim world are “messing with us,” while the Chinese and Russian governments are setting about doing so even more seriously. They feel safe in doing so. For a generation, the U.S. government has been interfering in other peoples' business while neglecting our own—making commitments without consideration of what it would take actually to keep them. It has spoken loudly while whittling down America's stick. We have earned disrespect. Today, nobody takes America seriously. Would-be President Paul has made clear that his America would speak much more softly. Good. But he seems to have given little thought about what kind of stick the U.S. government needs to secure America's peace as well as about what strokes may be needed to restore respect.
Today, China is building a military reasonably designed to control the western Pacific Rim from land bases. How would President Paul counter that? China has warned that any serious attempt to safeguard the independence of the islands off its coast might lead to the nuclear destruction of American cities. Would President Paul defend America against Chinese missiles, or Russian ones? As Muslim potentates from Palestine to Pakistan consider whether to (send or allow, it matters not) any of their zealots to kill more Americans, what reason would President Paul give them to hold them back? If and when terrorists from country X strike America, what if anything would he do to those in power there? In the meanwhile, what would he do to signal seriousness? Would he continue to subsidize the Palestinian Authority's nursery of anti-Americanism and anti-Semitism?
Paul‘s pronouncements on foreign policy, promising as they do retrenchment from foolish commitments, are faithful to the physician's maxim: “First, do no harm.” But foreign affairs, as well as medicine, require more than refraining from harm. We may hope that Dr. Paul will study foreign affairs with the same seriousness with which he mastered medical school, and with equally competent professors.
Angelo M. Codevilla is professor emeritus of international relations at Boston University and the author of To Make And Keep Peace, Hoover Institution Press, 2014
Your first name
Let's get ready to rumble.
On Thursday, hall of fame boxing promoter Bob Arum offered to host a Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders debate, live on pay-per-view.
“It's the debate of the century,” Arum said in a statement. “Mr. Trump, the Republican Party's presumptive nominee and Senator Sanders, the Democratic nominee. (VIDEO: Trump Says He'll Debate Bernie If He Donates $10 Million To Charity)
“We have two contenders ready, willing and able to go mano a mano over the most important issues facing the United States. And I am ready to promote it,” the Top Rank CEO added.
According to Boxing Scene, Top Rank will receive, at most, 20 percent of PPV sales as reimbursement for securing the venue and producing the debate.
The remainder of the sales would go to charities of Trump and Sanders' choice, with Top Rank declaring a $20 million minimum threshold.
Additionally, Arum suggested former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who is also running for president, moderate the debate.
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
I'd like to congratulate Senator McCain on this endorsement because he really earned it. That endorsement didn't come easy. Senator McCain had to vote 90 percent of the time with George Bush and Dick Cheney to get it. He served as Washington's biggest cheerleader for going to war in Iraq, and supports economic policies that are no different from the last eight years. So Senator McCain worked hard to get Dick Cheney's support.
But here's my question for you, Colorado: do you think Dick Cheney is delighted to support John McCain because he thinks John McCain's going to bring change? Do you think John McCain and Dick Cheney have been talking about how to shake things up, and get rid of the lobbyists and the old boys club in Washington?
The roof of Jetro Restaurant Depot in the Bronx is covered with solar panels, seen here on Jan. 17, 2014. In a number of states, utilities are lobbying to rewrite rules to de-incentivize customers from buying or leasing rooftop solar panels.
Photo by Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images
On Monday, Google announced that it was cutting ties with the American Legislative Exchange Council, the powerful Koch-backed conservative group that, among other things, opposes government action to combat climate change. “Everyone understands climate change is occurring and the people who oppose it are really hurting our children and our grandchildren,” Google's Eric Schmidt said on NPR's Diane Rehm Show, adding for good measure: “And so we should not be aligned with such people—they're just, they're just literally lying.”
The conservative group, which has been steadfast in its opposition to the Environmental Protection Agency's efforts to curb carbon emissions, was quick to shake off Google's high-profile defection, attributing it to “public pressure from left-leaning individuals and organizations who intentionally confuse free market policy perspectives for climate change denial.” Take a closer look at ALEC's priorities, though, and there's evidence that the group's commitment to “free market policy perspectives” is less resolute than its climate denialism. Consider, for instance, ALEC's push to squash the nascent rooftop solar industry.
ALEC and its allies are currently lobbying state lawmakers and regulatory commissioners to rewrite industry rules regarding solar panels. The apparent goal: to ensure that customers with rooftop panels pay more each month and to make would-be adopters think twice about paying the upfront cost of installation. ALEC's anti-solar attacks have drawn friendly fire from self-identified Tea Party groups who see the effort as anything but free-market friendly. Groups like Barry Goldwater Jr.'s TUSK America says that a user fee is just a new tax aimed at limiting consumer choice—exactly the type of argument you'd normally hear from a conservative firm like ALEC. Liberals and other solar proponents, meanwhile, see the push as the latest example of utilities and fossil fuel producers doing whatever it takes to protect their bottom lines. And no matter what side you're on, it's clearly counterproductive to make solar energy less attractive given the prevalence of big-dollar federal and state initiatives currently aimed at making the cost of solar competitive with that of fossil fuels.
The solar fight is taking place in at least a dozen states, and its outcome won't just shape the future of the rooftop solar industry—it will also play a major role in deciding how Americans pay to keep their lights on. If the utilities get their way, they'll preserve the profit-producing status quo of the natural monopolies that are many Americans' only option when it comes to buying electricity. If the solar side wins, it could conceivably open the door for a fundamental reshaping of the system, creating small but serious competition for power companies in a market currently devoid of challengers.
To be clear, utility companies, which burn coal and other fossil fuels to generate most of their electricity, aren't necessarily anti-solar. Their concerns lie with the rooftop panels being installed on homes and businesses around the country. An oft-cited estimate from the solar industry suggests that on average someone in the United States installs a new solar panel system every four minutes, up from one every 80 minutes in 2006. While solar still accounts for only two-tenths of 1 percent of the nation's electricity, that does little to ease the worries of utilities, who rightly view the rooftop panels as an existential threat given that they allow consumers to become their own energy producers. Such fears will only grow as the technology becomes cheaper and as companies develop cost-effective ways for homeowners to store the excess energy their panels produce.
One of the utilities' main complaints about residential solar is that homeowners and businesses get to sell their excess energy back to the grid at a set price. Forty-three states have such “net metering” rules in place, ensuring that unused solar energy doesn't go to waste but also cutting into power companies' profits. The utilities contend that government-mandated rates don't take into account the wear and tear on the grid itself and that they'll be forced to pass on the cost of infrastructure upkeep to consumers via their monthly electricity bills. The pro-solar crowd believes that doesn't take into consideration that the utilities benefit from wider solar use, which provides the grid with a clean, reliable source of electricity when it needs it most: on hot, sunny days when residents crank up their air conditioners.
What is not in dispute is that the utilities believe their business model hinges on undercutting the rooftop solar industry before it matures. A 2013 report by the Edison Electric Institute, a leading utility group, made it clear that forcing consumers who sell their surplus back to the grid to pay more for the privilege was a “near-term, must-consider action.” The group's big worry is that as more and more solar power–producing homes pay less and less each month, the cost for traditional consumers will go up, making a jump to solar that much more appealing. If utilities wait until that starts happening, the Edison report warned, “it may be too late to repair the utility business model.”
And so the industry isn't waiting. In the 20 months since that report was published, utilities have taken aim at rooftop solar (and to a lesser extent, small-scale wind projects) in at least 12 states, lobbying regulatory commissions and statehouses to rewrite rules to de-incentivize customers from buying or leasing rooftop solar panels. While each proposal is different, most share the common goal of forcing people who install solar panels on their rooftops to pay for both the electricity they buy from the grid and for a portion of the electricity they sell back to it.
One such effort is currently underway in Wisconsin. The state's largest utility, We Energies, has filed a proposal with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission to pay solar users less for the energy they sell back to the grid and to force all customers, solar and nonsolar alike, to pay a larger fixed fee for hooking up to the grid in the first place. Such a change would be good for the utility's bottom line but could be potentially devastating to the rooftop industry, reducing the incentive for a would-be solar customer to buy or lease rooftop panels. It could also wreak havoc on the budgets of early adopters who have already invested in the technology.
The bigger-picture concern with the Wisconsin proposal and others like it is that it leaves homes and businesses with less of a financial reason to cut energy waste, regardless of whether they have rooftop solar panels. If more of your bill is set at a fixed rate, then it makes less sense to monitor your monthly electricity allotment. You don't have to be a liberal environmentalist to think that decreasing consumers' incentives to reduce their energy usage is a bad idea.
The Wisconsin Public Service Commission—a regulatory panel made up of a pair of Republican-appointed commissioners and a single Democrat-appointed one—is expected to decide later this year whether the proposed changes will be implemented. Across the country, the odd coalition of conservative and liberal pro-solar groups has thus far managed to fight the utilities and their deep-pocketed allies to a draw. Most of the industry's biggest victories have simply kept the door open for user fees in the future, as was the case in Oklahoma and Utah earlier this year. The one exception is in Arizona, where utilities were able to win a small $5 user fee but not the $50 to $100 they were originally asking for.
At this point, two big questions remain. The first is whether the utilities can find a way to snuff out residential rooftop solar and other renewable alternatives before they reach critical mass. The second is whether the industry's goal of killing rooftop solar will backfire, driving more customers to take the solar plunge and pushing the rooftop industry to maturity that much sooner. Whatever the final outcome, this much is clear: Little-known groups like the Wisconsin Public Service Commission will have a huge effect on America's energy future.
That's her. She's cute, isn't she? But that's not the point here.
(Her CV lists some lower-grade institutions and reveals she didn't get an academic job at some point. And her education is in environmental and atmospheric sciences only - no solar physics etc.)
On Thursday, Mr Vítězslav Kremlík (Czechia) discovered an interesting fact. The analyses of the influence of the Sun on the climate in the latest IPCC report relied on one solar physicist, Dr Judith Lean. He published the finding on his Czech blog, klimaskeptik.cz (and kremlik.blog.idnes.cz)
Lean J., Roltmann G., Harder J., Kopp G.: Source contributions to new understanding of global change and solar variability, Sol. Phys., 230, 27-53, 2005
and it went viral. Judithgate has joined the dozens of similar scandals revealing the true character of the IPCC activities. By the way, Sean Carroll has hid his head in the sand and he decided that the ClimateGate has evaporated. Congratulations to your solution to the problem, Sean, but don't get suffocated!The situation is even more awkward because the IPCC really relied on a single paper - and Ms Lean is a co-author- to claim that the solar activity didn't rise when the global climate was heating up a little bit in the recent decades. There were no other solar physicists or astrophysicists in the IPCC. The influence of the Sun is a pretty important question, isn't it?Isn't the Sun a conceivable factor that could influence things? Even the people who like to believe the IPCC conclusions seem to agree that it's very bad if such a report depends on a single paper and a single IPCC author who actually finds herself in a conflict of interest because she's a co-author of the single paper that the IPCC evaluates. ;-)In fact, if you click at the word "agree" above, you will find out that a total of six "solar" papers were suggested for inclusion, much like a couple of people who understand cosmic rays. But the proposal was rejected - so the IPCC only relied on a single "solar" paper and a single solar/astro physicist.Mr Kremlík has written numerous articles in English. But the single article that has become globally famous - at least so far - was written in Czech, Mr Kremlík amusingly noticed with a bottle of champagne in his hands. :-)Several TRF readers learned how to visit klimaskeptik.cz regularly because there's some good stuff over there. With Google Translate, the language barrier is pretty much unimportant. So someone discovered this cool observation by Mr Kremlík (I didn't promote this particular URL on my blog!) and the gospel quickly spread to discussions at WUWT, ClimateDepot (main headline), Hockey Schtick I Prison Planet , and others.This is a typical story showing the character of the "consensus".Whenever there are questions that really matter, the IPCC minimizes the number of people who have something to say about the subject - because many people could make the situation "complex". The purpose of this strategy is clear: the small number of authors (in this case, a single author) are expected to say that nothing aside from CO2 really matters - so that the important question isn't even discussed.This task for Ms Lean was determined from the very beginning: after all, this task is what the IPCC is all about. She was selected for her ability to fulfill this task in a disciplined way which is what she has done, indeed. She may be a fine scientist. But the way how she was chosen - and the fact that no one else was added - speaks volumes.The 35-minute 2009 talk by Willie Soon above discusses Judith Lean, too. She appears around 14:50. Her bias is demonstrated by several quotes and cherry-picking in the construction of graphs. I recommend you the whole talk. It starts by some niceties but there are also useful explanations of the Milankovitch theory - why some places matter, and not the solar radiation over the whole globe etc.Finally, some entertainment by klimaskeptik.cz: Pachauri von Bollywood (Rajendra as an entertainer) Jon Stewart's show , via Vitalik. Obama has promised it's the moment for the U.S. to become independent of foreign oil. And what did theguy before him andthe guy before him andthe guy before him andthe guy before him andthe guy before him andthe guy before him andthe guy before him andthe guy before him do? :-)The Google News hits for global warming (during the last 30 days) dropped below 10,000 for the first time in the history of the server. The maximum number was well above 50,000 two years ago or so.
Spinning wheels and shaky deals
With the announcement that Toyota will stop its manufacturing in Australia in 2017, Australia has become one of the few wealthy nations on the planet without a car industry. But there's a good argument that Australia never had a car industry in the first place.
The mass production industry began with General Motors Holden's FX model in 1948, with GMH being a 100 per cent-owned subsidiary of General Motors in the United States. The same pattern followed with Ford, then Chrysler, and at one time up to five foreign-owned car manufacturers were producing almost exclusively for the Australian domestic car market. This is very different to all other car-producing nations, which normally began with domestic manufacturers expanding output, firstly for a local market and then for exports. Many of these were subsequently bought out by the major US and Japanese producers during the Age of Globalisation, but for at least three decades after WWII, most car producers were nationally-owned affairs.
Except in Australia, where the car industry was shaped more by government policy than by the evolution of local manufacturing.
The government policy motivation for inviting foreign car manufacturers to set up shop here was employment. The early post-WWII economic ideology was a very different one to that which prevails today, best epitomised in my favourite phrase from the 1945 White Paper, Full Employment in Australia. The emphasis was, it said:
“To maintain such pressure on employment as to guarantee a shortage of men rather than a shortage of jobs.”
This could have been done by encouraging locally-owned manufacturing, but it was faster to entice foreign manufacturers to either expand existing plants (as with GMH) or set up shop here (as with many others including Leyland, Volkswagen, Renault) via the carrot of a largely captive local market and the stick of high tariff barriers.
This employment strategy had many Achilles heels, but to me the outstanding one was economies of scale.
As usual, the fact that Australia's policy was blindsided to this Achilles heel was the fault of conventional economic thinking, which is dominated by a fantasy that fixed costs are relatively unimportant. Instead, it sees variable costs as the key factor that determines how many units a given factory will produce. The standard drawing of this fantasy is shown in Figure 1 – and any economic textbook.
In this drawing (I don't think it deserves the title of a model), there are two key costs of production: fixed costs, which are independent of the level of output (factories, buildings, etc), and variable costs which depend on how many units are produced (employment, raw materials used in production, etc). Fixed costs per unit of output fall smoothly as output grows: with one unit of production per year, average fixed costs equal the entire cost of building the factory; with 1000 units per year, average fixed costs per unit is 1000th of the cost of the factory, and so on.
Variable costs per unit of output instead are normally drawn as falling per unit early in production, and then rising steeply after that. The key cost here is the 'marginal cost': the cost of producing one more unit of output.
The rationale here is poorly conveyed to students, who often think it's because the cost of buying these inputs rises as output rises. Nope: the drawing assumes that the firm pays exactly the same price for the 10,000th ton of steel as it did for the first. The entire rationale for drawing rising marginal cost is that the productivity of each additional variable input is assumed to fall, due to 'diminishing marginal productivity'.
Figure 1: The textbook fantasy of the costs of a typical firm
[wysiwyg_field contenteditable="false" wf_deltas="1" wf_field="field_wysiwyg_media" wf_formatter="aibm_ui_media_output" wf_settings-style="full_width" wf_cache="1392327555" wf_entity_id="779511" wf_entity_type="node"]
What's that? It's a fantasy is what. Economists imagine that if a construction firm has, for example, four jackhammers and one worker, the firm will get the one worker to dig a hole using all four jackhammers at once – really low productivity. Then if demand for holes rises it will hire a second worker, so each worker handles two jackhammers at once – an improvement but still low productivity. If demand rises again, they might hire four workers – and get the highest level of productivity. But if it rises further, they'll have five workers operating four jackhammers – and productivity starts to fall, so that 'marginal cost' rises.
That's bollocks of course, as Piero Sraffa argued way back in the 1920s: firms employ workers and fixed capital in a fixed ratio – one worker per jackhammer. If there isn't enough demand, then fixed capital is left idle; if demand exceeds capacity then they either rent additional capital or build it (well before capacity is reached).
Almost a century of empirical research confirmed Sraffa's argument, with one researcher arguing that economic theory was an insult to engineers, who are the people who actually design factories (not economists, thank God). Their design objective is:
"To cause the variable factor to be used most efficiently when the plant is operated close to capacity. Under such conditions an average variable cost curve declines steadily until the point of capacity output is reached."
What this means in practice is that costs actually look more like Figure 2. Variable costs remain constant (or even fall) so that production gets cheaper as output rises – not more expensive, as economics textbooks claim.
Figure 2: What costs are actually like
[wysiwyg_field contenteditable="false" wf_deltas="2" wf_field="field_wysiwyg_media" wf_formatter="aibm_ui_media_output" wf_settings-style="full_width" wf_cache="1392327555" wf_entity_id="779511" wf_entity_type="node"]
This is especially true for products like cars where the design and tooling costs – the costs of making the machines that make the cars – are enormous. The result is that a factory producing, say, 365,000 cars a year – like BMW's plant in South Carolina – has an enormous cost advantage over a factory producing 36,500 cars a year.
The problem with Australia's old 'employment at any cost' car policy was that, with as many as five manufacturers (and often more than one plant each), per-unit costs were high because output per factory was so low. Even at the peak of Australian production – back in 1970 no less (see Figure 3) – the biggest factory produced well under 100,000 cars a year.
There was never much chance of 'Australian' car manufacturing holding out against that scale of cost disadvantage, even with high tariffs, which were ultimately systematically reduced as a new ideology emphasising efficiency (as economists define it – wrongly of course) won the day over trying to ensure full employment.
Figure 3: Australia's total output of cars by decade and years
[wysiwyg_field contenteditable="false" wf_deltas="0" wf_field="field_wysiwyg_media" wf_formatter="aibm_ui_media_output" wf_settings-style="full_width" wf_cache="1392327555" wf_entity_id="779511" wf_entity_type="node"]
And it's more complicated than just scale economies too. I had thought that these meant that Australia should only have ever tried to produce one or two car models, but working with car designers back in the days of the Button Plan disavowed me even of that: they claimed that the design industry needed between three and five models to be produced to guarantee that the machine tools industry had sufficient work to make it viable. That may well have changed today (and may change more in the future if large-scale 3D print-manufacturing becomes viable), but it shows that manufacturing is more complicated than simply whacking up tariff walls and encouraging every Tom, Dick and Ford to set up local operations.
Then again, it's more complicated than relying upon 'market forces' to do the job alone too. Today's most innovative car manufacturer is undoubtedly Elon Musk's Tesla, and on the surface that looks like a victory of innovative capitalism uber alles. But even that archetypal capitalist innovator got going via a half-billion-dollar low-interest loan from the US government. Maybe the problem with Australia's failed attempt to establish a car industry was not that the government tried to do so at all, but that it did so ham-fistedly.
Much like the way it has let the industry fade away, really.
Steve Keen is author of Debunking Economics and the blog Debtwatch and developer of the Minsky software program.
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
University scientists have shed new light on a disease estimated to affect 165M people worldwide.
Despite recent improvements in sanitation and the provision of clean water around the world, dysentery remains a major worldwide public health burden that most frequently affects children in low-income countries.
Now, a team led by Dr Thomas Connor from the School of Biosciences and Professor Nick Thomson from The Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute have used the latest genomic techniques to reveal more about the bacteria Shigella flexneri, known as a leading cause of the disease.
Published in the academic journal eLife, the team sequenced the DNA of Shigella flexneri from samples taken from Africa, Asia, South and Central America along with samples from historical collections dating back to 1913.
They discovered that the bacteria is able to persist in the local environment, enabling it to colonise regions for tens or hundreds of years.
More importantly, the work also showed that the bacteria can swap its serotype – a key part of its outer coating that is "seen" by the immune system – which could render potential vaccines useless in the fight against this disease.
"Understanding how S. flexneri has changed and spread in endemic countries is vital for developing and targeting interventions more effectively," says Dr Thomas Connor, who led the research.
"By using genomics we have been able to unambiguously characterise this pathogen on a global scale and our findings redefine what we knew about these bacteria," he added.
The genomic analysis also revealed that using traditional microbiological techniques such as serotyping to understand the spread and diversity of the bacteria is unhelpful for planning public health campaigns and for creating effective vaccines.
"Unlike other Shigella species, we have found that S. flexneri is able to survive in a geographic region, independent of human contact. This tells us that eradicating the bacteria in people through vaccination alone, although important, will not be enough," according to Clare Barker, who worked in Dr Connor's group on the research.
"S. flexneri persists in water for long periods so improving water quality and sanitation, as outlined in the Millennium Development Goals, will be key to preventing reinfection and
removing the disease from an area," she added.
However, the insights produced from sequencing the whole genome also offer new options for more targeted vaccine production.
"Our findings show that major lineages of S. flexneri are able to switch between serotypes and thereby evade the protective effect of serotype-based vaccination approaches," according to Professor Nick Thomson, senior author from The Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute.
"By using genome sequencing to study the species at the highest resolution possible, we are able to identify clear lineages of bacteria based on the virulence genes they carry.
"These lineages can then be targeted more effectively for intervention whether that be through vaccine development and/or alternative strategies," he added.
It is not every day that I get called out in the pages of the Washington Post's On Faith blog, so Sigfried Gold's piece Atheists at the Pulpit grabbed my attention. Most striking was Gold's assertion that I lack a certain amount of compassion in my treatment to the religious right: apparently “Martin Luther King showed more compassion for his racist jailers than Croft shows for conservative Christians.”
Being compared unfavorably to Martin Luther King is hardly a slur (I am tempted simply to concede the point!), but it is certainly a criticism, and a personal one aimed not at my beliefs or ideas but at my ethical conduct. Given that much of my work involves the attempt to encourage people to be more compassionate (my Humanist “values trinity” is Reason, Compassion, and Hope!), and given that I am training to be a Leader in the Ethical Culture movement, the charge that I am lacking in compassion in this area stings, and provokes me to respond.
First, let me note some areas of agreement. Gold makes numerous points in his article I think to be correct. For instance, he says:
I worry that some of the new religions or quasi-religions in the works may replicate some of the worst qualities of the old ones.
So do I. The potential of new congregational organizations for atheists to recreate some of the most dangerous elements of traditional religion is a constant concern to me, and it is with that concern in mind that I frequently speak and write about ways by which godless congregations can avoid those pitfalls. I am very clear in my writing and speaking that I see the development of new congregational communities to be a self-conscious process of organizational design, which must remain self-critical and reflective throughout to ensure that the worst qualities of old religions are not replicated.
I advocate that such communities should employ numerous mechanisms to prevent them becoming dark shadows of the worst aspects of religious congregations, such as intelligent restraints on the power of congregational leaders, greater respect for democratic modes of governance within the congregations, clear policies and guidelines regarding the use of money, and responsible use of ritual and symbolic elements to avoid group-think and tribalism.
Given the existence of actual religious communities which do not replicate the worst qualities of some traditional religious congregations I see no reason to believe that godless congregations will necessarily or even probably degenerate in such a way, but the danger is there, and it behooves us to be aware of it.
I also agree with Gold that atheistic congregational movements must make a priority of respecting people with different beliefs. Gold asks of such movements:
“[Will] they foster attitudes of acceptance for, respect for, or cooperation with people of strongly opposing views? Or [will] they use the incredibly powerful tendency of people to band together against a common enemy to foster a sense of belonging in their communities that feeds on disapproval of the moral, political or intellectual backwardness of evangelicals?”
My hope is that godless congregations will strive for respect and acceptance of other people. Attitudes of acceptance and respect for people with opposing views are central to my understanding of Humanism, and I can see no way in which a community could reasonably be called “Humanist” if it were to foster disrespect of persons. Likewise, although it is essential for such communities to create powerful bonds between members, those bonds should not be based on or motivated by distrust or disparagement of non-members. So here we agree, too.
Where we disagree, and where I see something profoundly problematic in Gold's approach, is when he elides disrespect for persons and disrespect for ideas. That there is a distinction between the two is a constant refrain from atheist critics of religion, and it is frustrating to continue to have to point out the same elementary distinction. Nonetheless, the distinction is important: ideas are not people, and it is possible to object to someone's ideas and not object to their person or their right to hold such ideas. It is possible to condemn ideas held and actions performed by an individual as morally reprehensible – even evil – while still fully respecting the person and showing them deep compassion.
Every parent knows this to be the case: no one could reasonably argue that a parent who chastises a child who does something wrong is therefore forfeiting their claim to being compassionate or respectful toward that child. Indeed, often the best way to show true compassion for someone is to honestly tell them when they have done or thought wrong. Disingenuously pretending that no wrong deed has been committed, or no erroneous thought has been expressed, is the opposite of compassion and respect, first because it is dishonest, and second because it suggests that you believe the individual in question is incapable of receiving reasoned criticism, and is therefore incapable of moral or intellectual growth. It seems to me very disrespectful and lacking in compassion to decide to refrain from criticizing someone's ideas or actions because you believe that you might make them uncomfortable or hurt their feelings. That is not the conduct I expect from my friends or colleagues and not the conduct I hope they expect in me.
Gold seems to reject the distinction between ideas and people, or at least gloss over it. He says:
To my mind there is one measure by which religions can be judged that is arguably more important than all others: does it truly treat other religions and non-religious belief systems with respect and friendliness, refraining entirely from claiming that it holds exclusive or privileged access to the truth? This measure, I posit, is most important because without it, any claim that a religion makes to universal love, brotherhood, humanity, etc., is contradicted by the attitude its believers will take towards others with different beliefs.
Note the slide in the paragraph from treating “other religions and non-religious belief systems with respect and friendliness” to, toward the end, considering “the attitude believers will take towards others with different beliefs.” This is a dangerous and incoherent elision. Most of us know people whom we love and respect who hold views which we do not, whether it is the casually racist grandparent or the outrageously sexist uncle. I have plenty of colleagues – on these Patheos blogs and elsewhere – whom I respect personally, but who hold views I believe to be wicked.
Does Gold expect me to “respect” what I judge to be evil? How much “respect” does he have for scientific racism, or white-supremacist eugenics, or anti-semitism? Is it truly correct to treat Nazism with “respect and friendliness”? These are not idle nor unfair questions: many groups exist in the world (and in US society) which actively promote racist, sexist, homophobic, anti-semitic, colonialist, violent, hateful ideologies. It seems to me our moral duty is to fight such ideologies, not welcome them with open arms declaring our respect and friendliness.
What do I mean by “fight” here? I mean defeat through persuasion and political activism. Gold says “I come to religion to learn to love people different from myself, not to combat them.” We can all agree that learning to love people different to yourself is laudable. But Gold errs in citing Rev. King in support of his relativistic*, non-combative view. King recognized, more than most, that oppression harms oppressors and the oppressed both, and he sought to combat the actions and ideas of his oppressors as part of his love for them. When faced with structural oppression we are not choosing between love and combat: rather, we demonstrate our love for our oppressors through social combat, because we recognize that when we win, they win. When we are free from the prisons in which they keep us, they are free from the obligation of being our jailers.
King once said “Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.” I am not ready for my life to begin to end. Justice matters. Truth matters. Equality matters. And I refuse to silence my criticism of abhorrent beliefs and belief systems out of a misguided and patronizing “respect” for those which hold them. I believe we show our compassion for others partly through holding others to high standards, and the moral standard is highest of all.
*Gold uses the term “pluralist” to describe his viewpoint, but I think “relativist” is clearly more accurate, as he flatly rejects the idea that some ways of thinking might have “privileged access to the truth”.
Low pressure tires have more traction. This is one of the underlying reasons that mountain bikers have flocked to tubeless tires and wide rims.Advertisement
Both of these technologies enables riders to let out a few PSIS, rip corners, and climb better, but they come at a cost. The one mentioned by tire manufacturer Schwalbe is snake bite, but we'd like to also include the greater risk of developing a flat spot, and burping when cornering aggressively.
In order to reduce the risk of these scenarios, the company has been hard at work developing a dual chamber system they now call Procore. We've gone over the basics before, but essentially, the new system utilizes a inner tube (that's not really an inner tube) to inflate the center channel of the tire. Then a second valve is inflated at a much higher volume, which presses against the tire bead. This helps prevent burping and allows the rider to dial in traction without worrying about flatting.
The entire system is expected to weigh 200g and be compatible with existing tires. Full press release and more pictures below:
No more snake-bite punctures: A revolutionary dual chamber system makes it possible to ride with very low air pressures and, as a result, improve tire performance enormously. Initially, Schwalbe and the wheel manufacturer Syntace were working on such a system independently of each other. Now, the two companies have joined forces to further develop the dual chamber system.
PBS recently aired a short segment on a policy proposal known as the Basic Income Guarantee (BIG). The idea behind BIG is that all citizens in a given country should be guaranteed a basic income whether they work or not. This idea has been embraced by people on both sides of the political spectrum, from left-wing academics such as David Graeber and Frances Fox Piven to right-wing free-market thinkers such as Milton Friedman and Charles Murray.
Although the two groups agree that the policy is desirable, they see it as a means to entirely different goals. For right-wingers the idea is to use BIG as the price for purchasing an entirely free-market-based society. The welfare state — everything from food stamps to public housing to public health care — would be eliminated, and BIG would allow people to take care of their own needs. For left-wingers BIG would free people from having to do jobs that do not give them any satisfaction and allow them to pursue creative goals that they would not otherwise pursue for lack of financial support.
While BIG is a good means to raise aggregate spending and income levels in an economy plagued with deficient demand, both positions gloss over some rather serious issues. The right-wingers seem to think that BIG can make public welfare institutions unnecessary. This is unlikely. These institutions provide services that the private sector is often bad at allocating.
It is well known, for example, that the costs of health care are lower for those who need it least and more expensive for those who need it most. It is also well known that the property market is prone to speculation and that this can price people at the bottom of the ladder out of the market; that includes young professionals starting families as well as the poorer members of society. The fact of the matter is that, as economists have recognized for decades, the private sector often fails to meet the needs of citizens because of its reliance on the profit motive, and so the government sector needs to intervene to make sure that outcomes in certain sectors are equitable.
Those on the left also gloss over some of the social complexities that the welfare state seeks to address. Imagine, for example, that a BIG office opened up in a drug-addled neighborhood. Any citizen could go to this office and receive an income of, say, $2,000 a month. Even though the monthly income is intended to free people to pursue their creative impulses, without added social support the money could end up funding drug habits instead. This, in turn, would have the twin effect of leading to poorer health outcomes for drug addicts and making the violent enterprise of drug dealing even more profitable than it already is. Many children who grow up in such an environment would also likely emulate their parents by simply collecting BIG payments and buying drugs with them. What is needed in such circumstances is a program that at once increases income and ensures that people do not remain idle because, as is well known among labor economists, it is idleness and unemployment above all else that lead to problems such as drug addiction.
Alexander Graham Bell foresaw many things, including that people could someday talk over a telephone. But the inventor certainly never could have anticipated that his audio-recording experiments in a Washington, D.C., lab could be recovered 130 years later and played for a gathering of scientists, curators and journalists.
"To be or not to be..." a man's voice can be heard saying in one recording as it was played on a computer at the Library of Congress on Tuesday. The speaker from the 1880s recites a portion of Hamlet's Soliloquy as a green wax disc crackles to life from computer speakers.
The early audio recordings — which revealed recitations of Shakespeare, numbers and other familiar lines — had been packed away and deemed obsolete at the Smithsonian Institution for more than a century. But new technology has allowed them to be recovered and played.
The technology reads the sound from tiny grooves with light and a 3D camera.
The recordings offer a glimpse into the dawn of the information age, when inventors were scrambling to make new discoveries and secure patents for the first telephones and phonographs, even early fiber optics.
A second recording, on a copper negative disc, played back Tuesday reveals a trill of the tongue and someone reciting the numbers 1-2-3-4-5-6.
A third recording catches perhaps the first sound of disappointment as Bell's recording device seemed to hit a technical glitch.
"Mary had a little lamb and its fleece was white as snow," a voice says. "Everywhere that Mary went — Oh no!"
On Nov. 17, 1884, Bell's lab recorded the word "barometer" several times on a glass disc with a beam of light. It and about 200 other experimental records were packed up and given to the Smithsonian, seemingly never to be played again.
The recordings date back to the 1880s. Bell had moved from Boston, Massachusetts, to Washington after obtaining a patent on March 10, 1876, for his invention of the telephone, which occurred when his employee Thomas Watson heard him shouting over a wire in the next room. He joined a growing group of scientists who made the nation's capital a hotbed for innovations.
Bell partnered with his cousin Chichester Bell and Charles Sumner Tainter to create Volta Laboratory Associates in Washington in the early 1880s.
During this time, Bell sent the first wireless telephone message on a beam of light from the roof of a downtown Washington building, a forerunner to modern fiber optics. He and other inventors also were scrambling to record sound on anything they could find, including glass, rubber and metal. One early sound record looks like a smashed soup can.
Inventors at the time were in intense competition. Bell, Emile Berliner and Thomas Edison, who invented the phonograph to record sound on tin foil in 1877, each left objects and documentation with the Smithsonian to help prove their innovations were first.
Bell went so far as to seal some devices in tin boxes for safekeeping at the Smithsonian. Edison's earliest recordings are thought to have been lost.
"This stuff makes the hair stand up on the back of my neck," said curator Carlene Stephens, of the National Museum of American History, before Bell's recordings were played Tuesday. "It's the past speaking directly to us in a way we haven't heard before."
The museum's collection of about 400 of the earliest audio recordings, including 200 from Bell's lab, probably will become an important resource for new research on communications and early technology now that they can be played back, Stephens said.
"These materials have been in a cupboard and virtually unknown for decades," she said. "The collection has been silent."
The Library of Congress partnered with the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory at the University of California, Berkeley, to offer the first listen of these early recordings Tuesday. Scientists have spent the past 10 years and about $1 million to develop the technology to create high-resolution digital scans of the sound discs.
This year, scholars from the Library of Congress, the Berkeley Lab and the Smithsonian gathered in a new preservation lab at the Library of Congress and recovered sound from those early Bell recordings. A $600,000 three-year grant from the U.S. Institute of Museum and Library Sciences funded the pilot project, and the Smithsonian hopes to continue the work if future grants can be secured.
Advances in computer technology made it possible to play back the recordings, said Carl Haber, a senior scientist at the Berkeley Lab. He noted that 10 years ago specialists would have struggled with computer speeds and storage issues. The digital images that now can be processed into sound within minutes would have taken days to process a decade ago.
Many of the recordings are fragile, and until recently it had not been possible to listen to them without damaging the discs or cylinders.
So far, the sounds of six discs have been successfully recovered through the process, which creates a high-resolution digital map of the disc or cylinder. The map is processed to remove scratches and skips, and software reproduces the audio content to create a standard digital sound file.
Haber, senior scientist at the Berkeley Lab, said Bell's recordings and others in the fierce competition of the 1880s marked the start of the information age as we know it.
"The whole idea that you could capture the world as it exists" in a recording, he said, "they got that in this period."
Kuntal Patel denies trying to murder her controlling mother using poison abrin that she bought online with bitcoin
A woman tried to kill her mother by lacing her Diet Coke with poison in a murder plot inspired partly by Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Kuntal Patel, 37, allegedly slipped abrin to her “controlling and selfish” mother, Meena, 60, after she forbade her from marrying her boyfriend. Patel bought the deadly poison from a site based in the US using the virtual currency bitcoin.
She allegedly watched her mother, who sits on the bench at Thames magistrates court, drink the substance at her home in Stratford, east London, last December. The mother survived and Patel set about obtaining a stronger dose of the poison, the prosecution said.
The alleged plot was said to have been inspired partly by Breaking Bad, the US series that follows the story of a chemistry teacher, Walter White, who turns to cooking crystal meth with a former student after being diagnosed with cancer. White uses ricin in attempts to kill rivals; abrin is more poisonous than ricin, the court heard.
Patel, who works as a graphic designer for Barclays Bank in Canary Wharf, was arrested in January following an FBI investigation, jurors at London's Southwark crown court heard.
Jonathan Polnay, prosecuting, said: “To the outside world, the Patels must have seemed a highly respectable and happy family.” But beneath this veneer lay a tale of discord, bullying and abuse. He said details of the case were “so extreme that if they were the plot of a Hollywood or Bollywood film, you would say they are far-fetched”.
“The evidence will show that in private, Meena Patel, the magistrate who worked in domestic violence and race relations, was not a nice woman at all. She would regularly use foul and abusive language, including highly racist language. She would, on occasions, be violent,” he said.
“She was highly manipulative and controlling. She would seek to control every aspect of her daughters' lives, and worst of all she forbade Kuntal from marrying the man she loved, Niraj Kakad. Meena Patel was all of those things – manipulative, controlling and selfish. But she did not deserve to die.”
Polnay said Kuntal Patel concocted the murder plot so she could marry Kakad. “Inspired, in part, by the US television series Breaking Bad, she acquired a deadly toxin called abrin, a close relation to ricin, which you may have heard of. She acquired it over the dark web from a vendor in the USA. She paid using bitcoins, a virtual, electronic currency, and used layer upon layer of encryption to try to cover her tracks,” he told the jury.
Appearing in the dock dressed in black, Patel denied trying to murder her mother and acquiring a biological agent or toxin. She has pleaded guilty to two counts of attempting to acquire a biological agent or toxin last December.
The court heard that privately-educated Patel first met Kakad through Shaadi.com, an internet dating service for the Asian community. Her mother did not approve of their relationship and allegedly locked her daughter in her home, beat her and demanded she stop seeing him.
In a series of highly abusive messages she branded her daughter a “witch” and “fucked up brain girl who cannot be my blood” for falling for Kakad, who lived in America, the court heard.
In a desperate email to a friend, Kuntal branded her mother “evil” and said: “I told her how much I liked him and she started slapping me.”
She added: “He is the best man I have ever met. He said he was going to propose to me. I'll never forgive her for what she has done to me. She has stolen my future away from me. I couldn't care less about my life any more. I would prefer to be dead. My life is so worthless. She just shouts at me like a bulldog. There is no reason or logic with anything she does, apart from being a psycho bitch. I'm stuck with that miserable fucker until she dies.”
Meena was hell-bent on “wrecking” her daughter's chance of marriage, hacked her phone and emails and seized her credit cards in an attempt to scupper the relationship, the court heard. Despite the abuse, the couple got engaged in November 2012 and Patel hatched a plan to kill her mother, jurors heard.
Polnay said: “She took the view that she was not going to let her mother and family arguments stand in the way of her happiness. Kuntal was firm in her desire to marry Niraj and have children. She had pointed out on a number of occasions that she did not have time on her side.
“Meena's attitude was ‘over my dead body'. And she was quite obviously a manipulative and controlling person who would not hesitate to do everything she could to wreck the chance of a happy marriage. It was around this point, we say, that Kuntal Patel made the decision that the best way to ensure she got what she wanted, happiness for herself, was by killing her mother.”
Jurors heard that Patel used the fake name Headgear when she bought the poison for £900 over the internet from American Jesse Korff, who used the pseudonym Snowman. Unknown to the pair, the website Black Market Reloaded was under surveillance by the FBI after an advert posted on it in September 2013 offered a ricin poison.
Jurors were told that she was inspired by a plot in season 5 episode 16 of Breaking Bad, in which someone is killed using ricin. In messages she called Korff “Heisenberg”, the nickname of White, the main character in the show. And she wrote that “I've been watching too much Breaking Bad”.
Polnay said: “On 29 September [she downloads] season 5 episode 16 of Breaking Bad. In this episode ricin was used in the murder of one of the characters.”
It is alleged that Korff sent abrin to Patel. Abrin is highly toxic, and causes breathing difficulties, fever, coughing and sickness. Fluid builds in the lungs, eventually killing the person. There is no antidote. An advert for the drug on the website promised: “They will die a very horrible death.”
Polnay said Patel meticulously planned her murder and, anxious to keep her distance from the abrin, duped her friend Julie Wong into accepting the parcel containing it. But in a “stroke of very bad luck for him”, Julie's next-door neighbour James Sutcliffe signed for the package.
In emails, Patel nicknamed her illicit purchase Candle in the Wind – which the prosecutor insisted was not a reference the Elton John song but to the candle that hid the poison.
When her mother survived the poisoning, an exasperated Patel confessed her plot to the American poison seller, the court heard. She wrote: “Something had definitely gone wrong somewhere as it is now early Saturday morning and still everything is normal. Yes target drank all of it. I made sure I watched her drink it all.
“I had to borrow money from friends to get this stuff from you because it's my last option. I can't be with the man I love because my mother doesn't like him. She is a bitter, miserable old woman and has been physically mean to me and my sister.”
She went on: “I can only be with him if she is out of the way.” She asked for another drug that was “tasteless and untraceable in autopsy” and would “not cause suspicion by cops or doctors”.
Patel was arrested in January and told police she bought the abrin in order to kill herself because her mother had forbidden her from marrying her boyfriend. She claimed that when the parcel carrying the candle arrived, she became scared and threw it away.
Police combed through her computer and iPhone and discovered she had googled “how to murder using poison”, “how to create botulism” and “how to murder someone without getting caught”.
After she was remanded in custody, she allegedly confessed to her mother that she had tried to kill her, during a conversation in prison conducted in Gujarati to avoid prison staff understanding what she said.
She allegedly told her mother: “I was going to kill you and Amba Ma [a Hindu Goddess] saw it, that's why she has punished me.”
In another conversation it is alleged her mother said: “You are in prison at present because of him.” But Patel allegedly replied: “Because of me – I did put that in your Coke.”
The case continues.
HUNTSVILLE, Alabama – Developer Louis Breland has filed a court claim against Mike Culbreath claiming his former employee and current Huntsville school board member committed "economic espionage" against him, including stealing Cabela's to anchor a competing project.
The 31-page document alleges Culbreath used his knowledge of trade secrets and proprietary information and got help from a former City of Huntsville official to develop the Parkside Town Centre, while undermining negotiations for a joint venture between Huntsville and Madison as well as Breland's recruitment of Cabela's.
Huntsville school board member Mike Culbreath
Breland seeks financial damages from the loss of Cabela's, two hotels and Calhoun Community College, which the complaint said Culbreath was contractually obliged to bring to the Breland Family of Companies, but through his secret dealings with another developer, James B. Packard, went to Parkside Town Centre.
The complaint was filed Monday in Madison County Circuit Court, less than a week after Breland led a groundbreaking ceremony for the $400 million Town Madison development, involving much of the same property listed in the court case. It lists nine counts against the defendants, from breach of contract to civil conspiracy.
The defendants
Most of the allegations are made against Culbreath, but the complaint also lists Packard, and two limited liability companies, Attitude LLL and Mushashi LLC, as the defendants. More defendants could be added if further discoveries are made.
The complaint does not list former director of urban development for Huntsville Dallas Fanning as a defendant, but it does allege that Fanning promised to take the necessary action to cause Huntsville to vacate a large easement adjoining property adjoining the future Parkside development, which allowed Parkside to expand and recruit Cabela's away from Breland's development in Madison.
The complaint states:
"In order to attract Cabela's, Defendants needed to expand the Parkside Project. However, Defendants lacked the money to acquire additional property. Therefore, they conceived an elaborate scheme for Huntsville to finance the entire expansion of the Parkside Project under the guise of 'attracting Cabela's.' Defendants convinced Huntsville to participate in their scheme so it could have all of the tax revenues from Cabela's, not just the fifty percent it would have received through the Joint Venture."
Joint Huntsville-Madison venture
The joint venture involved Breland's Old Town LLC and the cities of Madison and Huntsville. The complaint said the venture had been negotiated for a couple of years and had reached an "agreement in principle" in 2009 that Huntsville would provide money for infrastructure improvements in exchange for half the tax revenue generated from the 276-acre project.
Breland claims that Culbreath used the cancelation of the joint venture, which spelled the end of infrastructure improvements , to sway Cabela's to choose Parkside as the site of its first superstore in Alabama.
AL.com has left phone messages with Culbreath, Fanning, Breland and Breland's attorneys and has not received a returned message.
Culbreath worked for Breland from April 2005 to July 2012, the complaint shows, and had access to all confidential information and trade secrets relating to Breland's residential and commercial developments; and his job was to identify potential developments for Breland.
"Culbreath intentionally and continuously committed blatant acts of economic espionage and self-dealing, misappropriating numerous business opportunities for himself, Defendants and their developments," the complaint shows.
Parkside easement vacated
A key part of the above accusations say that Culbreath and Packard obtained underpriced property on Governors West – belonging to Stan McDonald at the time -- because a utility and drainage easement blocked development.
On Feb. 3, 2009, Packard contracted to buy the property for $306,000, which amounted to 21 cents per square foot, the complaint shows. One contingency was the easement had to be vacated by the City of Huntsville, and on the eve of Fanning's retirement from Huntsville, he caused the city to vacate about 28 acres of the easement, leaving about 6 acres in place.
The Huntsville City Council subsequently authorized vacating the easement for no money, and Huntsville is now buying a portion of it back from the defendants for $2.1 million, the complaint shows, while also stating that Fanning is now employed by the defendants.
A few more "specious" parts of the actual and proposed transactions between defendants and Huntsville listed in the complaint:
Huntsville intends to pay Defendants $3.4 million for a 'landscape buffer' and right of way. "It is unprecedented for Huntsville to purchase property for landscaping between two commercial developments and a right of way – which Huntsville always requires developers to 'give to it."
Huntsville intends to pay defendants $2.1 million to expand the lake by Parkside, even though Huntsville had the right to expand its use of the lake through the easement when the Parkside Project materialized "(until Fanning caused Huntsville to vacate it. . .")
Huntsville will pay more than $1 million to "fill in" a portion of the lake, and then simultaneously pay to expand it on another side.On June 4, Cabela's announced it will begin construction this fall on an 80,000-square-foot superstore at Parkside Town Centre, an $80 million mixed-use project near the intersection of Interstate 565 and Research Park Boulevard at Governors West Road.
Shane Davis, director of urban development for Huntsville,
Breland also alleges that Culbreath engaged in other "unethical, deceitful and deceptive acts" by forming and participating in other competing projects, taking kickbacks and otherwise stealing from his companies.
'Common thieves'
"Culbreath and Defendants are nothing more than common thieves," the complaint shows. "All of the above referenced acts were actively concealed from the Breland Family of Companies and were not discovered until 2014."
Breland's Town Madison project is billed as bringing a much-needed retail tax base to Madison. Gov. Robert Bentley, U.S. Rep. Mo Brooks and a team of state legislators joined City of Madison officials last week for a Town Madison groundbreaking ceremony. No one representing Huntsville was in attendance.
Last year, some Huntsville officials questioned why the state awarded the money for Kellner Road extension instead of funding more overpasses on South Memorial Parkway or the northern bypass.
In November 2013, AL.com reported on rumors that Breland was seeking to bring Cabela's to a development at Zierdt Road. That came on the heels of another AL.com story about the $7.8 million Kellner Road extension and how it nearly caused a large employer to leave when the roadway initially was routed on Dunlop Boulevard. The story questioned the necessity of the roadway when it didn't appear the City of Madison had a large development lined up.
"We would never build a road and hope something is going to happen there," Huntsville Mayor Tommy Battle said in the article. "It's backwards from what we would do."
TOKYO
Why Doing Business in Tokyo?
SEOUL
Why Doing Business in Seoul?
In Conclusion
Both Tokyo and Seoul has different and dominant cultures and traditions than West.Entrepreneurs and companies have to be aware about the cultural differences and try to adapt quickly. As I mentioned above, Seoul and Tokyo are the place where you should do business like West with Eastern traditions and this is not so easy. Because of that mostly foreign companies who move there prepare before move. In previous article, Singapore's and Hong Kong's biggest advantage was the lower tax rates than West but for Tokyo and Seoul, I can say that the biggest advantage is the huge Asian market.
Part 3 will be on our blog so soon with Beijing and Taiwan.
What is today's global financial centers? 10 years ago, this question has been asking again and answer was `USA and Europe` But according to today's business, we need to answer this question as `USA and Asia`.When we look at the TOP 10 Global Financial Centers, there are 4 American (New York, Washington DC, Boston and San Francisco) , 4 Asian ( Singapore, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Seoul) and just 2 European (London and Zurich) cities. Asian Business Centers are growing and Business is moving there. At the Part 1 , I explained why western entrepreneurs or firms move to Singapore and Hong Kong. Now, it is time forandJapan has the third biggest economy in the World after the USA and China. And our subject is the capital of Japan which is Tokyo. Moreover, Tokyo is the one of the most exotic and extraordinary city in the World for Businesses.First things first, Japan is the 4th biggest US Products Importer and 5th biggest European Product Importer. This demand makes Tokyo more suitable and charming for the West. Because there are already bazaar for the western companies, they don't have to create it from nothing.When you look for Google about Tokyo, mostly you will find ``. Yes, Japanese people are not easy, they have strong traditions but why not it is an advantage for the Western Companies? In Tokyo, everything is planned, business meetings, dinners, coffee times, delivery times. If supplier say that `Yes, 14th of November at 4 PM, we will bring to you` you can be sure that it will be exactly at 4PM. This very timing business tradition is one of the reason for Western companies to move. Coca-Cola's CEO Muhtar Kent said `.` Tokyo is so called where western business environment meet with traditions and became perfect.Usually in any place, existed firms have more advantages than start-ups except Tokyo. Tokyo is the small businesses heaven and almost 80% of businesses are small or medium sized. What does it mean? Big fishes don't eat small fishes. If you try to go to China and open e-commerce, probably after 2 days Alibaba will eat you. However, in Japan, the business environment is stable and secure to get bigger for foreign start-ups.About Corporation Tax, the only good thing about it is year by year tax rate is decreasing. The corporation tax rate whether you are local or foreigner is %35 which is relatively high and maximum Income Tax is %50. (Still less than France)Korea Island is always on the news because of the political tension between South and North Korea. Despite this all problems, South Korea developed and adapted to today's business perfectly. Furthermore, Seoul which is the capital of South Korea is one of the most modern and smart city in the world. Technology is used by city beautifully in every aspect.Like Singapore and Hong Kong, in South Korea entrepreneurs can establish their firm less than 1 week. South Korea is in the 4th place in Ease to Doing Business Rank by World Bank Group. What is the advantages of it?(only $700)Foreign Direct Investment has very big importance in South Korean Economy and usually government gives subsidies, tax reliefs to the foreign companies and start-ups. Another government's favor for companies are free-trade zones. South Korea's Trade Agreements with the USA, Japan and China creates big advantage for the companies to reach the bigger markets with low cost. (Plus South Korea is the 15th for GDP and 12th for Purchasing Power Parity) And this makes doing business in South Korea more and more charming for West. Specially, when we take into consideration South Korea's perfect location between Japan and China which are the world third and second biggest economies, this free-trade zones cause big benefits.Big purchasing power is another reason for doing business in Seoul. South Korean Samsung's one of the key of the success is the domestic customers. One truth about South Korean people is they are good and loyal customers specially in tech industry.South Korea has 3 different corporation tax rates which are 22% 20% and %10. This depends on the industry, subsidies, tax reliefs, company's age and income etc. Anyway, this is lower than most of the European countries' corporation tax rate (France, Germany, Norway, Spain) and Income Tax is %38, not so bad yet not so perfect.
Volcano rumbled into life with a series of eruptions that temporarily disrupted international flights to the tourist destination
A second eruption in less than a week of the Mount Agung volcano in Bali has intensified the watch for a more serious explosion.
The volcano rumbled into life with a series of eruptions that temporarily disrupted some international flights to the popular Indonesian island tourist destination.
Mount Agung erupted on Saturday evening and three times early Sunday, lighting its cone with an orange glow and sending ash 4,000 metres into the atmosphere. The ash clouds have been moving toward the neighbouring island of Lombok, a direction that is away from Bali's airport, where nearly all scheduled domestic and international flights were continuing on Sunday.
An exclusion zone extending up to 7.5km from the crater remains in place, following the evacuation of more than 185,000 people after an eruption in September, and authorities have warned anyone remaining within it to leave the area. About 25,000 to 30,000 people are reportedly still unable to return home.
There had been some effect on with flights from airlines including Virgin Australia, Qantas, KLM and Jetstar were affected although many either continued their services or resumed them after a pause. Travellers were advised to check with their carrier.
Bali's Mount Agung spews smoke and ash as fears remain over volcano Read more
Mount Agung erupted on Tuesday, forming a 700m ash cloud, which authorities said was “steam driven”.
On Saturday Indonesia's National Disaster Mitigation Agency said the ash column from Mount Agung rose 1,500m following an eruption that began about 5.30pm and continued for several hours. Villages close to the volcano were coated in a thin layer of ash.
Disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said ash clouds were moving to the south-west, away from the international airport, which remained open. The volcano's alert status has not been increased from the second highest level and authorities said the island remained safe.
The September eruption was the first sign of activity by Mount Agung in more than 50 years and prompted the highest alert level. In 1963 a major eruption killed about 1,100 people.
The volcano is Bali's highest peak and a popular hiking destination for tourists, who have been warned to stay away for now. Several villages that rely on the tourism trade are within the exclusion zone and fear for the economic impact on their livelihoods.
PARENTING FOR THE SCIENCE-MINDED -- by Gwen Dewar, Ph.D
Founded by an evolutionary anthropologist, this parenting resource is for critical thinkers -- people who want to understand child development from the perspectives of psychology, anthropology, evolution, and cognitive neuroscience.
I've got opinions. But who cares? You might be a scientist, physician, or teacher. Maybe you're an educated, skeptical layperson who loves science. Whatever the case, you don't need a sermon. You need evidence. You can draw your own conclusions.
So here it is: No folk theories. No preachy advice. No authoritarian pronouncements or pseudoscientific political dogma. Instead, you'll find my analysis of the research, fully-referenced so you know where to go if you want to dig deeper yourself.
Praise for Parenting Science
"[A] welcome antidote to the opinion dressed up as science that parents are constantly fed. Tear up your parenting books and get yourselves over there..."
- Charles Fernyhough, Ph.D., developmental psychologist and author of A Thousand Days of Wonder: A Scientist's Chronicle of his Daughter's Developing Mind
"...[O]ne of the most awesome websites I've seen in a long time…In addition to being helpful to academic parents, I see this site being useful in anthropology courses on human sexuality, life history, parenting, evolutionary medicine, evolutionary psychology, etc. Please check it out!"
- Julienne Rutherford, Ph.D., University of Illinois biological anthropologist and founder of the Biological Anthropology Developing Investigators Troop (BANDIT)
"I came across a great website run by Gwen Dewar, one I wish it had been available to me when my children were young. I hope everyone interested in math and kids will look at In search of the smart preschool board game and other pages on this site."
- Bill Marsh, Ph.D., in mathematics and author of MathInking, a blog about teaching math
Share 0 SHARES
IN a bid to clear up the factual quagmire that is the Middle East, WWN has sought the expert opinion of those on the front line of sensationalist headlines in newspapers to bring the simple black and white truth to you, our dear readers.
“America good, Russia bad,” explained features editor of the Daily Mail Malcolm Bechmann.
“America sometimes maybe bad, but Russia badder,” Bechmann said, elaborating further.
The need for a real understanding of what is going on in the increasingly complex conflict in Syria has never been more important now that America's foreign policy is tying itself in morally questionable knots as it continues to support Saudi Arabia's missile strikes on innocent civilians in Yemen while condemning Russian strikes on civilians in Syria.
“No, no, Russia very, very bad. America, land of New York, Disneyland, Coca-Cola. America good,” head of Daily Telegraph's oversimplification department Henry Witton shared with WWN.
While criticism of Russian involvement in Syria has amounted to accusations of war crimes, the questionable actions of American forces abroad has been cleared up by expert media testimony.
“America,” explained Witton while pointing to America on a map of the world, “gooder. Okay? But Russia, okay? Bad,” Witton concluded.
It is believed no thought has been given to civilians affected by America and Russia's penis measuring contest, which seems to have no end in sight.
Recipe by Daniel Myers
Ingredients
1 cup flour
1/2 cup sugar
4 Tbsp. butter, softened
pinch cloves
pinch mace
1/4 tsp. salt
pinch saffron
2 egg yolks
2 Tbsp. rosewater
1 Tbsp. yeast
Method
If using dry yeast, activate it by placing it in a small bowl with 1/2 tsp. of sugar and 2 Tbsp. of water.
Put flour, sugar, and spices into a bowl and mix well. Cut in butter until it forms small crumbs. In a separate bowl, beat egg yolks well with the rosewater and 1 Tbsp. of the foam that forms on the top of the yeast. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and mix until it forms a soft dough. If mixture is too dry add a little water. If too wet, knead in a little flour.
Roll or press dough on a floured surface into a thin sheet - about 1/4 inch thick. Cut into rectangles, transfer to a baking sheet, and bake at 350°F until golden brown - about 15 minutes.
Makes ~2 dozen 1" x 2" cookies.
Source [The Good Housewife's Jewell, T. Dawson]: To make fine Cakes. Take fine flowre and good Samaske water you must haue no other liquour but that, then take sweet butter, two or three yolkes of egges and a good quantity of Suger, and a fewe cloues, and mace, as your Cookes mouth shall serue him, and a lyttle saffron, and a little Gods good about a sponfull if you put in too much they shall arise, cutte them in squares lyke vnto trenchers, and pricke them well, and let your ouen be well swept and lay them vppon papers and so set them into the ouen, do not burne them if they be three or foure dayes olde they bee the better.
Source [The English Housewife, Michael R. Best (ed.)]: Take a pottle of fine flower, and a pound of Sugar, a little Mace, and good store of water to mingle the flowers into a stiff paste, and a good season of Salt, and so knead it, and roul out the Cakes thin, and bake them on papers.
Published: February 15, 2015
Home : Recipes : Menus : Search : Books : FAQ : Contact
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2018 Daniel Myers
The U.S. Department of the Treasury on Friday finalized moves to blockade North Korea's transactions with the U.S. and third country financial institutions.
The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) issued a “final rule” under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act.
The change was initially proposed in June 2016, with the announcement that the U.S. had designated the North a primary money laundering concern for the first time.
“Specifically, the final rule prohibits U.S. financial institutions from opening or maintaining correspondent accounts for North Korean banks,” the Treasury Department said in a written statement.
“[The rule] also requires U.S. financial institutions to apply additional due diligence measures in order to prevent North Korean financial institutions from gaining improper indirect access to U.S. correspondent accounts,” it added.
The department said that the North Korean regime had continued to use state-controlled financial institutions and front companies to conduct illicit international financial transactions.
These front companies support the development of ballistic missiles and proliferation of weapons of mass destruction (WMD), it claimed.
The Treasury Department pointed out the Secretary had the authority under Section 311 to call on domestic financial institutions and agencies to take certain “special measures” against a foreign jurisdiction which was identified as primary money launching concern.
The department added the new measures would offer “greater protection” for the U.S. financial system from North Korean illicit activities.
Adam J. Szubin, Acting Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, said “such funds have no place in any reputable financial system.”
The Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) on September 26 designated China's Dandong HongXiang Industrial Development Co. Ltd. (DHID) and four senior managers under Executive Order (E.O.) 13382, which targets WMD proliferators.
The Treasury Department, however, argued Section 311 could apply more broadly and trigger “asset freezing obligations,” and that the measures were distinct from the OFAC's designation.
South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA) on Monday endorsed the move.
“The announcement on June 1 has the effect that financial institutions voluntarily cut off and contract financial transactions with North Korea,” MOFA told NK News.
“The U.S. decision enables judicial measures to be imposed on the financial institutions engaged in illicit activities with the North in accordance with the relevant U.S laws.”
An expert based in South Korea, however, said North Korea could have had time to prepare for the new financial sanctions.
“The Department of Treasury has been unofficially warning U.S. financial institutions of the risks of transacting business with North Korea-related organizations due to money-laundering risk,” Go Myong-Hyun, a research fellow at the Asan Institute for Policy Studies and co-author of a recent report entitled “In China's Shadow,” told NK News.
Go pointed out that North Korea had been under financial sanctions since September 2005, when the Treasury Department designated Banco Delta Asia (BDA) in Macau and froze around $25 million in accounts linked to the DPRK.
“North Korea has been in preparation for (the blockade) since 2005, and made a lot of deals with yuan,” Go said. “I expect that the new measures would produce ‘no actual effects.'”
Meanwhile, South Korea's Yonhap News Agency reported on Saturday the new rules targeted China, the North Korea's old ally as a “secondary boycott.”
On June 1, the Treasury Department said “third-country banks” would be prohibited from operating if a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) of June was finalized.
Half a billion dollars buys certain privileges.
When all 30 NHL teams release their expansion draft-protected lists on June 18 at 10 a.m. ET, the Vegas Golden Knights will have an exclusive and unprecedented 72-hour window to meet and negotiate with impending free agents (unrestricted and restricted) who are still technically under contract until June 30 with their existing employers.
“Money's not a problem,” general manager George McPhee said in a recent Q&A session with season-ticket holders. “Our owner, Bill Foley, is not afraid to spend to get the right player, and it's our job to identify who those players are.”
If a free agent does sign with the Golden Knights between June 18 and 20, he will count as McPhee's one selection from that player's team.
“Things are going to be very busy,” McPhee said. “But we don't want to miss these opportunities to get another look at players who may be able to help us.”
Not only will this Vegas-only negotiating window provide Sportsnet.ca with a pristine and bottomless well of rumour fodder, it lays out a unique landscape for deal-swinging.
There will be free agents McPhee will want to get the jump on 10 days before the other front offices get in their ear. More interesting: There will be UFAs whose current GMs know they'll be unable to re-sign, so they will encourage McPhee (with picks and/or prospects) to sign them in hopes that Vegas avoids drafting a more permanent piece off their roster.
McPhee envisions the core of the Knights being built from the entry draft and says offers for extra draft picks are already on the table.
“I bet you they're 90 per cent sure right now who's going to be protected,” said Doug MacLean, formerly the GM of expansion Columbus and now a Sportsnet analyst. “They've got a very comprehensive list of UFAs—some will be signed, but they've got a very good idea who will be available.
“It's all about fitting both into their payroll structure.”
We examined the rosters and UFA lists to come up with a few players McPhee should at least explore signing during what is sure to be a sleepless 72 hours of wining and dining and number-crunching and hair-pulling.
Sounds a lot like a trip to Vegas.
Patrick Eaves
We know McPhee will swipe something sweet from the Anaheim Ducks. More than any other area, we know the Knights will be in desperate need of goal scorers. We also know Ducks GM Bob Murray will do his damnedest to limit the expansion-draft damage to his contending roster.
Eaves was a fantastic rental addition in Anaheim, but as an unrestricted free agent coming off a 32-goal campaign, his new contract may prove too pricey for one of the NHL's most cap-strapped franchises.
So, in order to push McPhee away from his Rickard Rakells and Sami Vatanens, what if Murray tosses in, say, a second-round draft pick (the Ducks have two in 2017) plus another future asset and encourage Vegas to speak with Eaves?
Radim Vrbata
With the Arizona Coyotes so young, they barely have enough players to even qualify the minimum for the expansion draft. On the surface, defenceman Luke Schenn appears to be the easiest pickup for McPhee here, but he'll have plenty of opportunities to grab blue-liners of Schenn's calibre elsewhere.
At the risk of beating a dead horse, Vegas needs goals. Vrbata put up 20 last year. He loves the desert. Now, the veteran winger and Arizona are interested in recommitting with each other — but it hasn't happened yet.
If he's still unsigned in a few weeks, it's worth McPhee meeting with Vrbata. Worst case, he drafts Schenn or forward Jamie McGinn instead.
Drew Stafford
While the Boston Bruins would much rather McPhee take Matt Beleskey's contract off their hands, Vegas should target right wing Drew Stafford — a guy who can play up and down the lineup and one of the more underrated trade deadline rentals this season. The 31-year-old has four 20-goal seasons to his name and could have another one if given top-six minutes.
If Stafford wants to go to July 1, what about UFA depth centre Dominic Moore? He's not only one of the league's better penalty killers and faceoff men, but he's a seen-it-all veteran who could help instil the right dressing room culture.
Dmitry Kulikov
The chances of Kulikov—one of the most intriguing UFA defenceman of the 2017 class—re-signing in Buffalo range from slim to none after a disastrous 2016-17.
While new Sabres GM Jason Botterill might wish to steer McPhee towards a hefty contract like the ones clinging to Zach Bogosian or Matt Moulson, McPhee would be better off going younger, and half his roster is already Russian.
Kulikov is just 26, and the consensus is his best seasons lie ahead of him. Attractive expansion draft options are limited from Buffalo, so Kulikov looks like the best long-term bet.
The catch: Recognizing his status as one of the best under-30 UFA D-men this summer, Kulikov may wish to create a bidding war on July 1.
Jay McClement
Similar to the Arizona situation, all of the enticing members of the Hurricanes will either be protected or are too young to be draft-eligible. McClement, 34, is an underrated role player and affable veteran who can provide centre depth and kill penalties with the best of 'em. You know what you're getting.
If Vegas doesn't scoop him up for a reasonable rate, someone will.
Thomas Vanek
We have Vanek—a power-play threat who finished the season on Florida's third line—leaving the Panthers and becoming an NHL gun for hire, again. Neither Detroit nor Vanek ruled out a return to the Red Wings, and Detroit GM Ken Holland's recent assertion that he wants to hop right back in the playoffs has us wondering if the Wings could be more active in the free-agent market than expected. A move to Vegas, however, would ensure Vanek the top-six and power-play ice time he desires and give coach Gerald Gallant a dose of firepower.
(Stray thought: How high was Gallant on pending UFA Jaromir Jagr during their time in Florida? Does he suggest McPhee speak with Jagr? Could sell a few more tickets in a city where past-their-prime stars are more than welcome.)
Martin Hanzal
The Minnesota Wild came to regret paying a high rental price for Hanzal at the trade deadline. Like Anaheim, the Wild look to lose one of their good young forwards (Erik Haula?) or defencemen (Jonas Brodin? Mathew Dumba?) in the expansion draft.
But what if McPhee meets with 30-year-old Hanzal, arguably the best youngish centreman set to hit the open market, and strikes a deal? We know Hanzal isn't returning to Minny, so maybe Wild GM Chuck Fletcher toss in some future considerations to keep his core in tact.
Mike Condon
The Ottawa Senators backup goaltender's prolonged run in relief of Craig Anderson was critical to the club's regular-season success, but Sens GM Pierre Dorion made it loud and clear that Anderson will be the one protected in the expansion draft.
Given the right circumstance, Condon, 27, could be the next No. 2 to follow the Cam Talbot path to regular starter. It's telling that he hasn't re-upped with Ottawa yet. If Dorion believes he's at risk of losing, say, top-pair defenceman Marc Methot, to Vegas, perhaps he's compelled to add a draft pick in the deal.
Patrick Marleau
More than most, the San Jose Sharks appear set to lose a quality player to the Golden Knights.
“You are going to lose somebody. The direction that we're going to go … we're very fortunate to have key, core players at the proper ages like [Martin] Jones and [Marc-Edouard] Vlasic and [Brent] Burns, [Logan] Couture, [Joe] Pavelski, [Tomas] Hertl, etcetera, that we know we'll have a good team going forward,” GM Doug Wilson told The Mercury News.
“We'll get through the expansion draft losing one player. We're positioned as well as any team around.”
In Marleau and Joe Thornton, San Jose possesses two of the summer's most intriguing UFAs: old dudes who still make an impact. Does Wilson burn a protection slot on one or both of them? Does he establish a handshake agreement to re-sign them (both Marleau and Thornton are on record saying they want to remain in teal) but not until after the draft so as to protect more of his roster?
Intriguing stuff. It's worth McPhee calling to see if Marleau and/or Thornton is up for a Vegas pitch. Worst case, he shrugs and drafts a solid roster player like Paul Martin, Mikkel Boedker, Joel Ward or Jannik Hansen. Wilson can't protect 'em all.
Matt Hunwick
Hear me out. While there are more promising options off the Toronto Maple Leafs‘ roster long-term up front—an intriguing wing prospect like Kerby Rychel, Josh Leivo or Brendan Leipsic could be scooped—Lou Lamoriello is one of the craftiest in the biz.
He could urge McPhee to sign one of his impending UFAs, like Hunwick or Brian Boyle, while sweetening the pot with a draft pick. The Leafs have a fourth-rounder to spare this season and an extra second in 2018.
Toronto appears to have prepared itself for Hunwick's departure by adding two left-shot defencemen to their system this spring.
Ryan Miller
While some believe it's a forgone conclusion that Marc-Andre Fleury becomes Vegas's No. 1 goalie, here's an alternate route. McPhee ignores Pittsburgh's goaltenders and instead takes a run Brian Doumolin (RFA) or Trevor Daley (UFA) from the Penguins.
For a safe goalie bet, he turns his attention to Vancouver because the Canucks don't offer much at the other positions. Miller and Vancouver haven't shut the door on an extension.
Consider the defences they've been playing behind, then ask yourself: How much better is Fleury than Miller?
Miller is four years older, which is a concern, but he's yet to undergo a dramatic drop-off in performance and it's well-known the American would prefer to remain in the West.
Kevin Shattenkirk
One must assume that Capitals GM Brian MacLellan would prefer Vegas steer clear of RFAs Nate Schmidt and Philipp Grubauer. With a relatively flat cap, Washington's re-signing of Shattenkirk is a long shot, especially since MacLellan must first take care of Evgeny Kuznetsov, Dmitry Orlov and (he's hoping) Schmidt and T.J. Oshie.
Like any smart man in search of money, Shattenkirk has publicly said the idea of joining Vegas intrigues him—and it's a place where he could assume the No. 1 defenceman role he covets.
Could McPhee sign Shattenkirk and swipe a draft pick for promising to leave Schmidt and Grubauer alone?
TUESDAY AM UPDATE, WRITETHRU with actuals: The Justice League superheroes crossed $300M at the international box office this weekend, rising to $311M after two frames. This was off a $71.5M session that was down 61% from open.
Warner Bros/DC's JL was playing on 32,800 screens in 66 markets and, combined with domestic, has a worldwide total of $481.3M through Sunday. Japan was the only new market this weekend after the film bowed wide in the last frame. It grossed $3.85M there following a non-traditional Thursday debut on 645 screens and topping Wonder Woman by 14%. China‘s haul for the caped guys has meanwhile risen to $85M, coming in No. 2 in the sophomore rush as Coco dominated Middle Kingdom play.
Disney/Pixar's Coco had already been strumming around Mexico for a couple of weeks, becoming the biggest movie there ever, and this weekend opened in the U.S. as well as in China, Russia and elsewhere.
And quite a China opening it was. Striking a chord with local audiences, Coco posted $18.2M for the weekend there. That's the 2nd highest launch ever for a Disney and/or Pixar animated title, coming in behind only Zootopia which hopped away on wild legs after its March opening last year. Social is strong with this one, and the themes are resonating. The total weekend was $30.8M in 22 markets for an international cume of $82.3M and a global tally at $155.2M.
Also from Disney, the Thor: Ragnarok gang isn't quitting. The son of Odin and pals this weekend crossed $500M at the overseas box office and passed Guardians Of The Galaxy to become the No. 7 global release ever for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The weekend was worth $11.7M in 56 markets for an offshore cume of $513.8M and a global tally of $791.5M.
Elsewhere, Fox's Murder On The Orient Express made tracks across the $100M international mark and Paramount's Daddy's Home 2 came to roost at No. 1 in the UK. Also in the UK, Heyday Films/Studiocanal's Paddington 2 has crossed $30M and is approaching $40M in just 11 markets so far.
Those three films expand this week, as does Coco, while The Man Who Invented Christmas rings into the UK. Another British story, Joe Wright's Darkest Hour with its lauded lead turn by Gary Oldman, is opening in China on Friday, ahead of its international rollout elsewhere. For the most part, the next two weekends will see expansions and holds with no major wide releases on deck before Star Wars: The Last Jedi swoops into offshore play on December 13.
Breakdowns and actuals on this weekend's films have been updated below.
HOLDOVERS/EXPANSIONS
JUSTICE LEAGUE
Warner Bros.
Supes and the Batman staked out the No. 1 spot at the international box office for the second weekend in a row with $71.5M, dropping 61% from open and adding Japan to the mix. The offshore cume is $311M in 66 markets and $482.9M worldwide.
In Japan, JL opened on a non-traditional Thursday to score $3.85M on 645 screens. That's 14% ahead of Wonder Woman and, per WB, 7% over Thor: Ragnarok (which bowed on a Friday). It's equal to Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice from last year.
In holds, China added $15.8M in the sophomore session, landing at No. 2 as Coco swept up Middle Kingdom sentiment. The cume there is $85M. Outside China, Brazil was the top play again with an added $5.4M for $24.8M to date after a record-breaking start last frame.
Mexico has tallied $18.1M, followed by the UK with $16.7M and France (with a 2nd No. 1) at $10M to date. Overall, the top markets are China, Brazil, Mexico, the UK and Korea ($12M cume) where new local title The Swindlers dominated at what local reporting has as a $12.4M start.
Of note, JL has bested the lifetime gross of Wonder Woman in Russia and Italy with $9.5M and $6.2M, respectively.
IMAX play was worth another $8.5M worldwide for $38.1M to date.
COCO
Disney
Disney made the savvy move to release this Pixar charmer first in Mexico tied to the Dia de los Muertos holiday and has been cleaning up ever since. It's already the biggest movie ever in that market and has crossed the 1B peso mark, adding $2.2M to tally up $53.4M so far. This weekend saw new releases in China and Russia, notably, as well as the domestic No. 1 start.
China is looking very sweet on Coco with a debut weekend that is the 2nd biggest for a Disney animated movie at $18.2M. That's a notch below Zootopia which bunny hopped to over $235M last year. Local reviews site Douban has Coco at a 9.4 score, better than Zootopia, and the movie is resonating with its themes of love, leaving and the world of the dead. A local source tells me that auds have been very emotional over the pic, and that the local marketing team stuffed some theaters with tissues in anticipation. Social is loving this movie in a market where it's not always been a toy story for Pixar.
Coco's overall weekend was $30.8M in 22 material markets for an international cume of $82.3M and a global gross of $155.2M so far. The movie also opened at No. 1 in Russia with $3.1M over three days, 9% above Wreck-It-Ralph and 1% bigger than Big Hero 6. Across Europe, Coco strummed into a handful of smaller markets with Poland tops at $900K, besting the beginnings of Moana, Finding Dory and Inside Out.
Next weekend sees openings in France, Germany and Spain along with Belgium, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Austria, Israel, Thailand, Panama and Peru. Rollout then continues through January before Coco gets the plum Frozen slot in Japan this coming March.
THOR: RAGNAROK
Disney
Keeping the LED out, the hammer-wielder crossed $500M internationally and is close to nailing $800M global as play continued with $11.7M in weekend 5 overseas. The total is now $513.8M offshore and $791.5M worldwide. With this session, Thor 3 has passed Disney/Marvel stablemate Guardians Of The Galaxy to become the No. 7 release ever globally for the MCU.
Holds were solid in such markets as the Netherlands (-27%), Belgium (-33%), Switzerland (-33%), Israel (-35%), Sweden (-37%), France (-41%), Singapore (-41%), New Zealand (-42%), Australia (-43%), Mexico (-43%) and Korea (-44%).
As a region, Europe's box office is now $152M, surpassing the lifetime totals of benchmark titles such as Doctor Strange, Captain America: The Winter Solider, Spider-Man Homecoming and Thor: The Dark World. Across Central and Eastern Europe, Thor: Ragnarok is now the highest grossing superhero movie of all time.
Top 5 markets are: China ($110.4M), the UK ($38.6M), Korea ($34.3M), Brazil ($29.2M) and Australia ($24M).
MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS
Fox
Fox's big engine that could have topped the $100M mark internationally, steaming to $122.9M through this weekend off of a $17.5M haul in the frame. Spain was the top new station stop for the Kenneth Branagh-helmed mystery with $2.6M at No. 1. The debut was 70% bigger than comp Gone Girl. The UK was the best hold at $1.8M for a $26.6M cume to date. Germany followed and has collected $7.9M to date.
Overall, Murder is outpacing The Great Gatsby (+41%) and Gone Girl (+79%) in the same bucket of markets and at current exchange rates. Next weekend adds nine new hubs including Brazil, Italy, and Korea.
DADDY'S HOME 2
Paramount
A Friday night stop on Graham Norton's couch fed into Daddy's Home 2's UK opening where it landed No. 1 with $6.3M on 505 screens. That's 84% over the original film which went into a holiday corridor. In total, the sequel added $13.8M this session in 24 markets for a $15M cume. The weekend gross on a like for like basis including paid previews is 23% above Daddy's Home.
In Australia, DH2 bowed to No. 2 with $3.3M at 269 locations and 20% below Daddy's Home. Russia, where the movie opened to No. 5, was in keeping with the first movie at $1.4M across 1,034 sites. Brazil took $1M in third place to bow 4% below DH the first which opened during school holidays. The next majors on the Paramount title are Mexico and Spain on December 1.
HAPPY DEATH DAY
Universal
Universal and Blumhouse's horror story had already crossed $100M worldwide this week, and reaped another $4.6M through Sunday in 48 territories for an international total of $49.8M. Combined with North America, the global total is $105.4M. Hong Kong saw a strong No. 2 open with $234K at 34 dates. Korea keeps repeating with a hold that is $1.3M for a $9.5M cume to date
A BAD MOMS CHRISTMAS
STXfilms
Putting $4M more in the stockings, STX's sequel now has an international cume of $92.6M. There were 10 new markets this session including the UAE where $232K at 110 locations was 13% over the original. In the UK, the 4th weekend has lifted the tally to $8.9M, on par with the first Bad Moms. Germany, Austria and German-speaking Switzerland have cumed $8.4M, which is 21% behind Bad Moms, but 105% ahead of Horrible Bosses 2, 18% ahead of Neighbors 2 and 75% ahead of Office Christmas Party.
In other running tallies, Australia/New Zealand are at $3M; Eastern Europe has $3M so far (53% higher than Bad Moms); and Scandinavia has downed $2.8M. Further rollout begins this week in France and Benelux, followed by Italy, Russia, Spain and Latin America in early December.
MISC UPDATED CUMES/NOTABLES
Flatliners (SNY): $3.1M intl weekend (18 markets); $20.5M intl cume
The Snowman (UNI): $2M intl weekend (33 markets); $32.8M intl cume
IT (WB): $1.3M intl weekend (Japan only); $364.6M intl cume
The Mountain Between Us (FOX): $1M intl weekend (18 markets); $25.8M intl cume
Victoria And Abdul (UNI): $609K intl weekend (33 markets); $40.8M intl cume
Media Asia
John Woo's Manhunt, a return to the director's hard-boiled action days of yore, debuted in China this weekend taking 3rd position behind Coco and Justice League with $11M. Per comScore, the movie that world premiered in Venice grossed $11.6M in five markets.
In Korea, new local title The Swindlers was No. 1 with local reports putting it at $12.4M. The crime thriller is directed by Jang Chang-won.
Paddington 2 has now grossed $39.65M in 11 markets with several offshore openings still to come; the U.S. goes January 12. The total through Sunday in the UK is $30.6M.
As a recent report about how to reform the world monetary system pointed out, the balance sheet of the United States government is not big enough to accommodate the reserves demanded by the rest of the world. Other currencies — most likely the euro and the Chinese renminbi — must eventually provide feasible alternatives.
“The United States will inevitably lose its reserve currency monopoly,” wrote its authors, the economists Hélène Rey of the London Business School, Pierre-Olivier Gourinchas of the University of California, Berkeley, and Emmanuel Farhi of Harvard University. “It can only be a matter of time before the world becomes multipolar.”
Officialdom is thinking about this, too. In the spring of 2010, months before the midterm elections put the Tea Party into the national spotlight, the International Monetary Fund issued a document that noted how “reserves concentration in the government debt of one country introduces idiosyncratic risks to the international monetary system.”
It meant, of course, the United States. Inflation could erode the value of dollar assets, loose monetary policy by the Federal Reserve could inflate bubbles abroad, American budget deficits could push up interest rates everywhere. And, unthinkable as it was then, the American government might default. The I.M.F. suggested it might be “worth exploring whether different arrangements could underpin a more robust system for the long term.”
A multipolar world might be a riskier one than the one we know. If countries and investors viewed the dollar, the euro and the renminbi as substitutes, an economic wobble in any of the three currency areas could set off a giant switch of reserves to the others — sending shock waves through the financial system.
Barry Eichengreen of the University of California, Berkeley, estimates that losing the dollar's position as the leading international currency would cost the United States some 2 percent of its gross domestic product, about a year's worth of growth.
But multipolarity also presents advantages.
For starters, the world's store of safe, liquid assets would expand to include Chinese and European bonds, allowing central banks around the world to build reserve cushions without creating the kind of large imbalances spawned by the mass accumulation of dollars by China, Japan and others, which fed large trade deficits and a huge financial bubble in the United States. For another, a cheaper dollar would enhance the ability of United States companies to sell their goods abroad.
Tweebuffelsmeteenskootmorsdoodgeskietfontein is a farm in the North West province of South Africa, located about 200 km west of Pretoria and 20 km east of Lichtenburg[1]Coordinates: whose 44-character name has entered South African folklore. It is the longest place name in South Africa,[2] and one of the longest anywhere in the world.
The name, which follows a common format for Afrikaans-language place names in South Africa, means "the spring where two buffaloes were killed with a single shot" (Afrikaans: Twee buffels met een skoot morsdood geskiet fontein). The literal translation is "Twee buffels" = "Two buffaloes", "met een skoot" = "with one shot"; "morsdood" = "stone dead"; "geskiet" = "shot"; "fontein" = "spring (river source)" or "fountain". This name illustrates the compounding nature of Germanic languages including Afrikaans, itself derived from Dutch.[3] All the descriptive terms relating to one concept can generally be tied together into one long word. Another example of this would be wildewaatlemoenkonfytkompetisiebeoordelaarshandleiding, which translates to "wild watermelon jam competition judge's manual". Such use is, however, not common, and such words are often separated using one or more hyphens if they become too long or unwieldy.
The farm was originally granted to A.P. de Nysschen in 1866 by the government of the South African Republic; it is referred to in the survey diagram as "Twee Buffels Geschiet" (Two buffaloes shot) and shown as having an area of 6119 morgens and 429 square roods (5241.7 hectares).[4] Official maps published by National Geo-spatial Information refer to it as "Tweebuffels" (Two buffaloes).[5]
The name was used as the title for an Afrikaans-language song written by Anton Goosen(music)and Fanus Rautenbach [af][6][7] and performed by Anton Goosen. It has also been used in advertising to signify the typical small rural town.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Mark Francis Brzezinski (born April 7, 1965) is an American lawyer who served as the United States Ambassador to Sweden from 2011–2015.
Early life and education [ edit ]
Brzezinski is the son of Polish-born former National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski and the grandson of Polish diplomat Tadeusz Brzeziński. His mother, Emilie Benes Brzezinski, is the grandniece of former Czechoslovak president Edvard Beneš. His sister is Mika Brzezinski, co-host of the morning talk show Morning Joe, and his brother is military expert Ian Brzezinski. He is also first cousin of author Matthew Brzezinski.
Brzezinski graduated from Dartmouth College with a Bachelor of Arts in government, earned a Juris Doctor from the University of Virginia Law School, and holds a Doctor of Philosophy in political science from Oxford University. He also earned a Fulbright Scholarship to study the Constitutional Tribunal of the Republic of Poland.
Career [ edit ]
Brzezinski was a corporate and securities associate at Hogan & Hartson LLP in Washington, D.C. from 1996-1999. From 1999-2001, Brzezinski served in the Clinton administration as a director of Russian/Eurasian affairs and director of Southeast European affairs of the National Security Council at the White House. In that capacity, he was White House coordinator for U.S. democracy and rule of law assistance programs for the region.
Brzezinski was a foreign policy advisor to the presidential campaign of Barack Obama,[1] and was later appointed Ambassador to Sweden by Obama.[2]
Personal life [ edit ]
His first wife was Carolyn M. Campbell, a lawyer.[3] His second wife, from 2008, is Natalia Lopatniuk.[4]
I've been needing to get this out in the open since the excellent Science Online 2012 session that Maryn McKenna and Elizabeth Devita-Raeburn organized, on writing about science for women's magazines.
A few years back, I went to Borneo to report on efforts to save the rainforest there, which people are hacking and burning into oblivion in the mad quest to grow oil palm trees. In the process, they're obliterating wildlife—including the orangutan, which is sliding toward extinction. Palm oil is ubiquitous in American life. It's in all sorts of processed foods—Oreos, Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, Ritz crackers, margarine—as well as soaps, make-up, and many other beauty products.
One destination on my Borneo trip was an orangutan sanctuary run by an incredible Danish woman, who was passionate and unflappable and very photogenic. Maybe, I thought, I could interest a women's magazine in a short profile of this woman, as a way to inform readers about the palm oil problem—which, despite sporadic publicity over the years, very few people seem to know about or understand. So I contacted a friend of a friend, a smart and lovely editor at a high-profile women's magazine that from time to time runs articles about strong women doing worthwhile work. Her reply was quick, honest, and upsetting: The magazine couldn't tackle the palm oil issue head on, because half its advertisers were beauty companies guilty of destroying the very same forests my Danish woman was trying to save.
Collectively, women's magazines—by which I mean the whole field, from fashion titles like Vogue and Elle to health publications like Self and Women's Health to the more general sex-and-diet-tips mags like Glamour or Cosmopolitan (does that even still exist?)—reach millions upon millions of readers each month. So the lack of willingness to cover globally important topics is dismaying. It's a colossal missed opportunity. That's why I was heartened to hear some success tales of writing about science for women's magazines, at the Science online session. Maryn and Elizabeth write frequently for women's mags and had largely positive experiences to share. I know enough about Maryn to know that she's a serious, sharp, ethical reporter. (I'm not familiar with Elizabeth's work, but I assume the same is true.) So clearly there's some solid journalism getting out there via women's mags.
But there are also some serious institutional problems, and these can lead to 1) lack of coverage of important topics, 2) less-than-completely-truthful coverage of important topics, and 3) complete and utter bullshit coverage of important topics. My experiences working for women's mags have been incredibly frustrating and disheartening—and I've long wanted to share them publicly but haven't, for fear of alienating potential clients. The absurdity of this is a testament to the tough economics of freelancing. Few experiences are so bad that we won't accept a lucrative repeat assignment when it's dangled in front of us. But as I started thinking back on some of my horror tales, spurred by the Science Online session, I realized I no longer give a shit. I feel like this stuff needs to air out.
A couple of years ago, with the economy tanking and magazine budgets going the way of orangutans, an editor at a women's magazine called me with an assignment. I'd already sworn off these mags forever after my last debacle but, as I was in no position to turn down $5,000 or whatever it was, I agreed. Anyway, this editor insisted that this was to be a serious science story (albeit written in the publication's from-one-girlfriend-to-another voice), for which I should conduct many interviews and extensively scan the literature. So I did.
It soon became clear that the editor had had a specific thesis in mind from the start, one that wasn't borne out by the research. Then one day I got an email saying the story was going to press that day, and could I please give it one last read to make sure it was okay. I was confused, as I hadn't been contacted by any fact-checkers. But upon reading it, I noticed a few instances in which scientists' quotes had been altered. The points they made were roughly the same, but the words simply weren't theirs.
That's not okay in serious journalism. When I asked the editor, she said the quotes had been tweaked for clarity, and that I shouldn't worry—that a fact-checker would read the quotes back to the scientists, and if the scientists weren't happy with the way they sounded, they could change their wording. Setting aside the ethics of this, I felt concerned for my own reputation. If I interviewed you, and then someone read you back your supposed quote, you would likely recognize immediately that the words weren't yours. And your immediate thought would be that I misquoted you, and am therefore a shoddy journalist. And you would rightfully decide not to speak to me again, and possibly tell your colleagues to do the same. As a freelance journalist, my reputation for professional integrity is paramount; take it away, and I'm just some girl with a laptop who likes to ask questions.
The editor and I had an email argument, I left her a voicemail, she never replied, and that was that; in the end, I think we just stopped communicating. I never saw the final version of the story and I tried to move on with other work and forget about it. A few months later, after the check came, I saw the magazine on the newsstand. I picked it up, saw my article in the table of contents, and put it back without reading it. I have no idea of the editor worked in her own spurious thesis, or what the researchers “said” in their quotes.
This was only the last of a string of bad scenes, though. I was told multiple times by editors at another women's mag to feed a source a quote—as in, “Can you call this source back and see if they'll make this specific point in these exact words?” These were stories about health, in a magazine women turn to for actual, truthful, information. (I refused.)
Years ago, another women's mag so badly mangled a story I'd done for them on young breast cancer survivors that one of the interviewees called me in tears. I hadn't yet seen the printed article, which had been cut down—without my knowledge—from a feature of several thousand words to a quarter page of little more than a “charticle,” featuring four of the eight women I'd profiled, with nothing other than a thumbnail photo, a single quote, and their name, age, and how they'd learned of their illness.
And yet, the magazine had even bungled that. The tearful woman calling me was devastated because the magazine had completely altered the facts about how she'd discovered a lump in her breast.
I dialed my editor in despair, and she blamed it on the fact-checker.
This same story had begun with instructions to find a dozen breast cancer survivors under 35 who might be good candidates to profile, from which the editors would select the ones they wanted. Presumably, I thought, they'd select the women with the most interesting or relatable stories. After I sent the list to my editor, she told me to go back and ask each woman to send a photo. Like, a headshot. Because, I don't know, stories about unattractive cancer survivors don't sell?
I could go on, but remembering all this has made me need some bourbon. I'll just mention one more very quick thing, which is that for the first women's magazine story I ever wrote, the editor told me outright that if I couldn't find anyone who'd ‘fess up to the behavior that was supposed to be a trend (the whole point of the story), I was free to invent characters. For the record, I did not. And the story never ran because the real people I talked to just weren't outrageous enough. (This wasn't a science or health story, but nonetheless.)
I know that there are amazing and talented editors at these magazines who would love to publish an expose on palm oil, or a profile of a 27-year-old breast cancer survivor who doesn't look like a supermodel. But often their hands are tied—whether by advertisers or the institutional structure or the status quo. I think women who shell out hard-earned money to buy these magazines deserve better. They at least need to know that much of what they're reading isn't entirely true.
Or maybe I'm being naïve? Maybe the readers all know this already, and I'm the rube who's clinging to some goody-two-shoes rules. One thing seems clear, in any case: I probably won't be offered any more assignments by women's magazines.
Photo credit: jaimelondonboy via Flickr
Perspectives
Introducing the Behavioral Layer.
10 Million Events a month. Completely Free.
Analytics is often the single largest infrastructure expense for a company[1][2][3].
We've been taught to pay for analytics linearly by data volume: see here and here. This is bad for product managers and bad for analytics culture. Paying by event volume discourages you from tracking everything you want to. You're effectively performing a cost benefit analysis with every event you instrument.
It's hard to imagine people still doing this 10 years from now. I no longer worry about how much storage my email is using or how many minutes I have left this month on my cell phone plan.
As a step in that direction, I'm incredibly excited to announce that for the first time today, Amplitude is giving away 10 million events a month, completely free. That's right - what other providers charge $1,000 a month for, we're providing at no cost. That's more than 20x the volume of any other free plan out there.
And we can also scale. Amplitude now tracks 25 billion events a month, with multiple customers analyzing billions of events themselves with ease. Even seemingly “unlimited” products have limits - one of our first customers came to us because they were kicked off of Google Analytics for tracking too much data.
We can scale to such data volumes because we've developed a custom stack that allows us to answer complex queries through processing and aggregating data across memory and disk in a number of different ways.. We'll share more details about how our stack works soon (honestly, we haven't had time in preparation for today's launch!), but the short of it is we've been hard at work developing a distributed query engine over the last 3 years. Not only does it scale efficiently, it's incredibly fast over large volumes of data. We'll be publishing more details about how we're able to give away 10 million events a month for free in the coming weeks.
Introducing the Behavioral Layer
In addition to giving away 10 million events for free, we're also announcing a new way to think about analytics.
Analytics has historically come in two forms- raw data from individual users or high-level dashboards, like a conversion funnel or a retention chart. Want to analyze data outside of that and you have to go to your big data/data warehousing platform of choice.
Looking at individual user data is good; it gives you a qualitative feel for what each user is doing in your product. However, it's impossible to look over all your user data- if you had infinite time maybe you could accomplish it. On the other end of the spectrum, dashboards give you important high-level information. Knowing that your day 7 retention is at 10% is incredibly important. (See: Retention is the single most important thing for growth. Retention is king. Your retention curve is the best proof.) But what if you want to know what leads a user to retain or churn? As a product manager, the one thing that matters is the difference between users who engage and users who don't. Analytics offerings today give insight into what your retention is, but they don't give any insight into why it's happening or what you can do to improve it.
We can do better than raw data and static dashboards. Let me introduce you to the Behavioral Layer:
The behavioral layer is the rich layer between reporting dashboards and raw user data that reveals patterns of user behavior inside your app. Unlocking behavior analytics is the key to understanding your users and driving growth.
Finding your product's ‘a-ha' moment
Facebook famously found that adding seven friends in 10 days led to long-term retention. Focusing on that was the single biggest thing that got them to 1.5 billion monthly actives, a 250 billion dollar market cap, and avoiding the fate of Myspace. Growth is good, but retention is forever.
One way to get at this kind of insight is through behavioral cohorts. Traditional cohorts are based on acquisition date. Behavioral cohorting allows you to group users by what actions they've performed.
You can then apply that behavioral cohort to a retention graph to see how a user's behavior at the start impacts their long term retention and find the moment where your users understand your core product value, the ‘a-ha' moment.
Behavioral cohorting allows us to test a hypothesis quickly. But what if you don't know which events are key to growth, or want to look across multiple permutations of events performed and time periods? The Growth Discovery Engine does just that. It helps you explore all of the possible ‘a-ha' moments within your user data and zero in on the best candidates at the click of a button. What used to take a data science team weeks can now take anyone hours, allowing you to quickly zero in on the behaviors that are predictive of retention and conversion rate.
Diving into the data
Traditional analytics dashboards are static aggregations of the underlying data. They're a very thin slice of the data along a specific dimension. Dashboards lose so much of the context of what they're tracking as each point is a one dimensional representation of everything that underlies it. We've seen an example of this with Tableau where you can click a data point to see what's associated with it, but what if you want to go further? Seeing that you had 10,000 users perform the Play Song event on a particular day is a start, but what if you want to understand what makes up those 10,000 users? In Amplitude, you can use Microscope to click on any data point to dive into those underlying users and behaviors:
You can then see a list of users that make up that data point as well as what they're doing at the time they contributed to the data point.
The Future of Analytics
I've always been excited by data. I've been thinking about how to better use data to make decisions from a young age (I'm lucky that both my parents are statisticians). Compared to academia, we have it good in software. We can look at millions of a data points in a few minutes while it takes millions of dollars and years to get a handful of data points for an academic study. There's finally a single platform that connects a majority of the world. And we're collecting more data than ever.
The real barrier has always been the analysis, and we're excited to make an impact here. I'm incredibly lucky to be able to do it as part of a world class team. What we're announcing today is just the start; we're going to continue to push on the boundaries of what analytics can do.
One more thing
We're also announcing a few other items today. We've raised a $9MM Series A from Benchmark. Eric Vishria will be joining the board- we're excited to work with him as he understands what the future of analytics can be.
In addition to tracking 25 billion events per month, we're also being used by top mobile product teams, including Nokia HERE, Yik Yak, Rdio, QuizUp, and DoorDash.
We look forward to making the jobs of mobile product teams a little easier and helping them find authentic growth.
