Hello and welcome to this edition of "insanely nerdy crafts." Today we shall be turning that adorable chubby cheeked babe into a hardcore LARPer. You'll be the hit of the D&D baby shower!
What you will need:
How to make them:
First step is to download my templates. There are several to choose from — D&D characters, Doctor Who outfits, and even Cthulhu!
Print one onto your iron-on transfer. I've already reversed the image for you but if you want to reverse it back knock yourself out. It's also best to set the printer to matte, and "best," and "please don't eat my fingers."
Let that dry for a while.
In the meantime pull out your adorable baby snap shirts. Due to easy baby access you have to do a bit of pre cutting, but it isn't too difficult. Even I managed. Just line up the edges and cut along the top.
Now iron flat the baby shirt palette.
Carefully lining up the cut off section, add it to the top and never stopping rub the iron over it for a half a minute. It is very important to not stop or you get image melt.
Let that sit until it's cool and then peel off. Then do the other bigger side.
Now just re-snap it all together and you have a little Cthulhu baby.
Just go here for the templates and then you can get to nerding up tiny tiny t-shirts or onesies.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert is expected to plead guilty in a hush-money case stemming from allegations of sexual misconduct in a deal with prosecutors that could still force him to serve time in prison.
Former U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Dennis Hastert is surrounded by officers as he leaves federal court after pleading not guilty to federal charges of trying to hide large cash transactions and lying to the FBI in Chicago, Illinois, United States, June 9, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young
The tentative plea agreement, disclosed during a brief hearing in federal court in Chicago on Thursday, would mark a dramatic downfall for someone who once ranked among the most powerful men in the country.
Hastert, 73, was charged in May with trying to hide large cash transactions as part of a payoff scheme and lying about it to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Prosecutors and defense attorneys did not say what charge he would plead guilty to or whether his sentence might include incarceration.
Federal prosecutors have accused him of agreeing to pay $3.5 million to an unidentified person from his hometown of Yorkville, Illinois, to conceal past misconduct. He was a teacher at Yorkville High School in the 1960s and 1970s.
That person has not surfaced publicly, but anonymous law enforcement sources have told several media outlets that Hastert was trying to cover up sexual abuse of a male student when he worked as a high school teacher and wrestling coach.
Hastert's agreement, to change his plea to guilty from not guilty in the case, is expected to be submitted to U.S. District Judge Thomas Durkin on Monday, attorneys for Hastert said.
Hastert, who is free on bond, was not required to attend Thursday's hearing and was not in court. He has not spoken publicly since his indictment, but Durkin set Oct. 28 as the date for him to change his plea.
Hastert was the longest-serving Republican speaker, leading the House for eight years before leaving Congress in 2007 and becoming a lobbyist.
After his indictment, Hastert resigned from the Dickstein Shapiro lobbying firm in Washington, D.C., and from the boards of exchange operator CME Group Inc (CME.O) and REX American Resources Corp (REX.N).
His alma mater, Wheaton College, a private Christian liberal arts school in suburban Chicago, removed his name from a policy center.
Lawyers for both sides said in September they were negotiating a plea deal to keep the case from going to trial. Durkin had asked both sides to bring him an agreement this week, or he would set a trial date.
Defense attorney Amy Richardson, who is not involved in Hastert's case but often handles financial fraud matters, said it is unlikely Hastert will avoid jail time if he pleads guilty to a charge of “structuring” cash withdrawals to avoid detection by banking officials.
Such a plea could, however, avoid the public release of potentially embarrassing information about the case.
“One of the best side effects of taking the plea is that material regarding reported sexual abuse will not come out,” said Richardson, of the firm Harris, Wiltshire & Grannis.
Richardson said Hastert also may decide to waive a sentencing hearing, which otherwise would allow people to talk about his past behavior, both good and bad.
According to the indictment, Hastert withdrew $1.7 million in cash from his bank accounts from 2010 to 2014. He is charged with structuring $952,000 of the withdrawals, taking the funds out in increments of under $10,000 to evade a requirement that banks report large cash transactions.
Hastert then told the FBI that he was keeping the cash for himself, which the indictment said was a false statement.
Each of the charges carries a possible maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan is interested in joining a NATO missile building consortium that would give Tokyo its first taste of a multinational defense project, a move the U.S. Navy is encouraging because it could pave the way for Japan to lead similar partnerships in Asia, sources said.
The 12-country NATO consortium oversees development and shares the costs of the SeaSparrow missile, an advanced ship-borne weapon designed to destroy anti-ship sea-skimming missiles and attack aircraft. The missile is made by U.S. weapons firms Raytheon (RTN.N) and General Dynamics (GD.N).
In May, Japanese naval officers traveled to a North Atlantic Treaty Organization meeting in The Hague to learn more about the consortium, Japan's navy and a U.S. source familiar with the trip told Reuters.
Two Japanese sources familiar with the initiative said discussions in Tokyo were at an early stage, although joining the consortium would dovetail with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's more muscular security agenda, which included the lifting last year of a decades-old ban on arms exports.
The sources declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak to the media.
The consortium, established in 1968 by four countries including the United States, is set to develop an upgraded version of the SeaSparrow in the coming years.
Having Japan on board would spread the project's costs, but Washington also sees a role for Japan in leading multinational military industrial partnerships in Asia at a time when China's military modernization and assertiveness is alarming many countries in the region, said the U.S. source.
Such partnerships, which are rare in Asia, would create a network of security ties beyond formal military alliances that mostly involve Washington and its various regional allies.
“We think this project will allow Japan to lay the groundwork for further defense export programs in the future,” the U.S. source said. “We would welcome this kind of security cooperation activity by Japan in the region.”
Asked to comment, a spokesman for the Japanese navy said in an email: “The U.S. Navy is keeping us informed about the SeaSparrow project. With the aim of improving the procurement efficiency of our ship-based surface to air missiles we are gathering information to make the necessary choice.”
The U.S. Navy said it was not immediately able to comment. NATO declined to comment.
TOKYO ALREADY BEEFING UP ASIA TIES
Japan has one of the most advanced military industrial bases in the world, but companies such as Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (7011.T) have long made weapons only for the Self Defense Forces because of the arms export ban.
Since lifting those curbs, Abe has begun boosting security cooperation across Southeast Asia, where several countries with tight budgets are worried by China's creation of man-made islands in the disputed South China Sea.
In June, Abe agreed with Philippine President Benigno Aquino on an exchange of military technology and hardware. Abe in May also agreed to start talks on transfers of defense equipment and technology with Malaysia.
And Australia is considering Japan as the possible builder of its next generation submarines, something U.S. naval commanders have publicly encouraged because doing so would deepen ties between two of Washington's closest allies in Asia.
None of these initiatives, however, are multinational.
SOME CONCERNS IN TOKYO
Japan's navy already uses the SeaSparrow missile, which is assembled locally by Mitsubishi Electric (6503.T) under a co-production agreement with NATO and the U.S. manufacturers.
That would make the transition to a full consortium partner easier, said the U.S. source.
One of the Japanese sources said some concerns had been raised in Tokyo over diminished control over production by being a member, even though sharing of costs would be welcomed.
“The concern is what it would mean to security by having to rely on other nations,” the Japanese source said, referring to the possibility supplies of munitions and equipment from other countries could be disrupted more easily than those made at home, especially during any conflict.
It could also become a political issue since Japanese firms that supply parts for the SeaSparrow missiles made in Japan could miss out if Tokyo joined a consortium where work was spread among participating nations.
The U.S. Navy's desire to see Japan in the consortium comes after a proposal for Mitsubishi Heavy to join Lockheed Martin Corp's (LMT.N) F-35 stealth fighter program fizzled out last year.
Japanese defense bureaucrats had hoped working on the F-35 as a subcontractor to rear fuselage maker BAE Systems of Britain (BAES.L) would have given Mitsubishi Heavy exposure to global arms markets.
But it proved impossible for Mitsubishi Heavy to compete on pricing of components given the advantage enjoyed by contractors in the initial nine countries due to their governments' funding of specialized tooling for the program.
“Japan recognizes that it should join these international groups to help amortize purchases and make their industry more competitive,” said a U.S. executive who works closely with the Japanese government and industry.
“You're going to see them engaged in more and more bilateral, trilateral and multilateral groups in coming years.”
“My biggest fear is my labor is not going to be here tomorrow,” he said. “Most of us live in fear of that every day.”
The struggles of the dairy industry in western and central New York, one of the nation's leading dairy regions, have become an unlikely focus of the national debate over immigration policy. Delegations of local farmers, including Mr. True, have made trips to Washington to lobby for an expansion of the guest-worker program for agriculture, or the creation of a new one, to help ensure a reliable supply of labor.
Dairy farmers are generally not able to hire foreign workers through the existing guest-worker program for agriculture because it is only for seasonal workers, and milk production is year-round.
A bipartisan group of senators negotiating a comprehensive immigration reform bill have struggled with the details of an agricultural workers program. Late Friday, however, they announced they had reached an agreement over terms of the program. Officials involved in the talks said the dairy industry's concerns were addressed in the deal.
Still, the farmers said they were preparing for a lengthy fight in Congress before the proposals become reality.
REVELATION 11:15-19
« Revelation 10 | Revelation 11 | Revelation 12 »
The Seventh Trumpet
15 Then the seventh angel blew his trumpet, and there were loud voices in heaven, saying, “The kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our Lord and of his Christ, and he shall reign forever and ever.”
16 And the twenty-four elders who sit on their thrones before God fell on their faces and worshiped God,
17 saying, saying, “We give thanks to you, Lord God Almighty, who is and who was, for you have taken your great power and begun to reign.
18 The nations raged, but your wrath came, and the time for the dead to be judged, and for rewarding your servants, the prophets and saints, and those who fear your name, both small and great, and for destroying the destroyers of the earth.”
In December of this year a DNA analysis of human remains was completed. Those remains were conclusively determined to be those of King Richard III, the infamous 15th century monarch of England.The first female anglerfish was found and videotaped.The European Space Agency landed on a comet.
Lockheed Martin claims to have invented a working fusion reactor.
Scientists discovered a new subatomic particle, the Ds3*(2860) meson.Jennifer Doudna at the University of California Berkeley have discovered an enzyme that allows one to "change a genome at will to anything you want."
Three sixteen-year-old girls developed a method of decreasing seed germination time by 50% and increasing dry mass yield by 74% in non-legumous plants.
Scientists have developed a way to speed up photosynthesis in plants by using enzymes from blue-green algae.Monuments discovered beneath Stonehenge
Scientists in China discovered squirrel-like mammal fossils indicating mammals are 40 million years older than originally thought.Jupiter's moon Europa was found to have plate tectonics.
Shigeharu Shimamura built the world's largest indoor farm, growing lettuce with LEDs. It produces 10,000 heads of lettuce per day.
A mutation of the CHD8 gene has been strongly correlated with the development of autism.
Dentists have developed a way for teeth to "self-repair," perhaps making fillings, drilling, and other such procedures obsolete.
Genetically modified animal food products are on the horizon. Genetically modified salmon are faster growing and consumes less food than ordinary salmon. They will soon be available on the market.
A new dinosaur, possibly the largest in history, called the Titanosaur, was discovered in Argentina.
A measles vaccine has shown extremely promising results in curing some types of cancer.
Harvard researchers taught monkeys to do math.
Scientists in Brazil discovered a new genus of insect, dubbed "Neotrogla," which has a unique style of reproduction. The female has the penis, which acts as a sort of vacuum, while the male has a vagina containing sperm.
Kepler-186f is an Earth-sized planet discovered this year orbiting its star in the "goldilocks" zone. It circles a red dwarf approximately 490 light years from Earth. It is the best possibly habitable planet yet found.
A new treatment that stops the spread of the most common type of leukemia has been developed, and researchers estimate within a decade leukemia will no longer be a clinical issue.
A new moon orbiting Saturn was discovered emerging from Saturn's rings.
Researchers have generated cloned human stem cells.
An impressive new mechanism of storing energy from solar cells has been developed at Harvard and MIT.Water found on Saturn's moon Enceladus.
Gravitational waves from the big bang have been discovered.
A bionic hand capable of the sense of touch has been invented.
Story highlights An Alabama man was sentenced to no prison time for rape conviction
Danny Cevallos says Alabama law, rules give judges discretion to suspend prison terms
He says even if the sentence is legal, it may not be a moral one
Cevallos: People who object should blame legislature and courts, in addition to judge
An Alabama man convicted of raping his former neighbor and friend was sentenced November 13 to 20 years in a state penitentiary on the lead charge, and 10 years each on the lesser offenses. Except that he wasn't.
The victim, Courtney Andrews, told CNN she was outraged by the sentencing. "I don't know how any of this is possible." Austin Clem, 25, was convicted of one count of forcible rape and two counts of second-degree rape for attacks that Andrews said started when she was 13.
"Honestly, I didn't understand when I first heard the sentence," said Andrews, now 20. "I was expecting him to spend a long time in prison." She said she hadn't talked about the abuse because of threats. "I had to grow up at a very, very young age, and I know what it's like to have your life threatened and that no one will understand me."
Even though the sentencing order says on its face that Clem will serve his time in a state penitentiary, that same order adds that he will serve none of his time in a state penitentiary. People are outraged. Moreover, they are confused. Was this a legal sentence? If so, was it a moral sentence?
Danny Cevallos
'Suspended' sentences: When 'incarceration' means anything but
People have every reason to be confused. Sentencing statutes are routinely complex, and Alabama's is no exception. Most state sentencing schemes follow a common theme, arriving at an individual's punishment based on the 1) gravity of the offense; and 2) the defendant's prior record; which can then be aggravated or mitigated by any other factors the court wants to consider.
Lately, in light of the Marissa Alexander case , mandatory minimum sentences have been harshly criticized. "Mando-mins" as they are sometimes called, force a judge to sentence a minimum number of years, preventing a judge from considering the individual defendant's unique circumstances, and showing mercy where appropriate.
The Austin Clem case highlights the issue at the other end of the spectrum: whether judges can have too much discretion in sentencing convicted felons. In the Clem case, the judge's discretion came from his authority to impose a "split sentence."
JUST WATCHED Teacher who raped is out of jail Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Teacher who raped is out of jail 01:57
Let's look at the lead charge and the sentence, taken verbatim from the order of sentence: "Count I- Twenty (20) years in the State Penitentiary, split sentence, to serve two (2) years in [a community-based program], balance suspended and placed on three (3) years supervised probation." Yes, you read that right. It essentially says: Twenty years in prison -- except that it will be zero years, and none of it in prison.
The judge likely relied upon Section 15-18-8 of the Alabama Code, which explicitly gives judges discretion to suspend a significant portion of a defendant's sentence. A suspended sentence is incarceration in name only: The defendant will serve that time out of custody. Clem received 20 years. In this jurisdiction, for sentences between 15 and 20 years, it appears that a mandatory minimum applies: The judge must order at least three and up to five years, and then may suspend the rest. Here's where it gets strange: The Alabama Supreme Court has held that even the incarceration portion of a split sentence (the three-year minimum) may be suspended. So 20 years can mean zero years.
Why give so much discretion to judges? In Alabama, the rules of procedure direct judges to consider alternatives to long prison terms. Why? The rules cite skyrocketing costs associated with actual confinement and call attention to prison overcrowding. That prison overcrowding leads to uncertainty: In other words, the judges don't know that the prison can even accommodate their sentence, so they might as well mete out a sentence that can actually be carried out.
An illegal sentence vs. an immoral sentence
For many, it doesn't matter that this might have been a legal sentence. The outrage is directed not at the legality, but the morality of the punishment.
Did the judge have a moral obligation to incarcerate Clem? What would you have done? Would you have given credence to the defense's argument that the sex was consensual? Is it more important to you as a judge that Clem get the counseling that sex offenders desperately need? Or is it more important that he be isolated from society?
The idea of punishment for criminals is justified by a few different goals. Incarceration serves to quarantine criminals and protect the rest of us in society from them.
Another goal of punishment is rehabilitation. Like it or not, most sex offenders will eventually serve their sentences and be back on the street. Given the risk of repeat offenses, rehabilitation of these felons could be the most critical factor in protecting society.
But punishment also recognizes simple retribution as a goal. Retribution is the idea that a punishment should, in theory, be equivalent to the crime. While retribution can also achieve vengeance, it serves a more practical purpose. A society that fails to punish offenders risks citizens taking matters into their own hands -- which threatens the stability of the society itself.
So, if you are a retribution-type judge, you'd probably sentence Clem to long-term incarceration -- even though the legislature has effectively told you that, because of overcrowding, he might not serve that whole sentence. If you are a rehabilitation-type judge, or you worry about Clem's dependents, you might do as this judge did, and focus on the rehabilitation, with the idea that more progress can be made on the outside than on the inside. As long as the sentence is legal, as a judge, the choice is yours: Do you focus on retribution? Or rehabilitation?
One thing is for certain, you may not agree with the judge's sentence in the Austin Clem case. Indeed, the prosecution in this case is not going gently into the good night.
The prosecution has now asked an appeals court to fix what it calls an illegal sentence, claiming the judge had no authority to impose the two-year minimum, and should have at least imposed the three year minimum. That appears to be a correct reading of the law. Of course, if the judge can suspend the entire sentence anyway, including the mandatory minimum, is it a distinction without a difference?
The prosecution also claims that felons convicted of first-degree rape are excluded by law from community-based programs, because rape is so fundamentally a crime of violence. If the judge misread the law here, the prosecution may succeed. If so, the court will have to resentence Clem -- but if the judge can still suspend the entire sentence, could Clem get an even better deal?
If you can't accept it, then your beef is not only with the judge. Your beef is with the Alabama legislature and the Alabama courts that enacted not only the rules, but warned the justice system that it simply could not accommodate prison terms.
Your beef is with the same prisons that don't have enough beds, leading to the crisis. Finally, your beef is with the Alabama Supreme Court, which sanctioned this practice. Because even if this sentence is ultimately legal, you may still conclude that it is an immoral one. Unfortunately, there's no appeals court for that.
Esperanza Spalding: Guantanamo Doesn't Represent 'Our America'
Grammy Award-winning musician Esperanza Spalding has a problem with using the phrase "protest song" to describe her new recording, "We Are America." The song, along with its accompanying music video, demands congressional action to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay.
" 'Protest' doesn't seem accurate to me," she tells NPR's Celeste Headlee. "We weren't thinking of a 'protest' song, we're thinking of a 'let's get together and do something pro-active, creative and productive' song."
She says she grew increasingly motivated to take on the cause of closing Guantanamo as she learned more about the "human rights violations and, actually, the constitutional violations that this continued detention represents." But it was news of hunger strikes and force-feedings earlier this year that prompted her to action. "I just felt, I really want to do more, and if I can become a public champion for this, let me find a way to do it."
In the music video, Spalding joined up with artists Janelle Monae, Stevie Wonder and Harry Belafonte with a mission to let people know what is still happening at Guantanamo, and to say that everyone's voice is important in this debate. "We really do have the power as a people," she says. "Part of the message of the song is, 'This is not our America. We are America. I am America. Esperanza Spalding is America. And all the people in this video are America, and no, we don't condone this behavior, and we don't want it anymore."
She says that ultimately the song is celebratory. "It's not heavy. It's not sad. It's not angry," she says. "We're saying, 'Yes, let us celebrate this freedom that we have and make sure that our voices are heard that this is not the country that we believe in.'"
(BRUSSELS) - EU chair Lithuania hit out Friday at Kiev, saying the European Union remained open to signing a partnership accord with Ukraine but "not necessarily" with Viktor Yanukovych's government.
"Europe is open for Ukrainian people but not necessarily to this government," said Lithuanian leader Dalia Grybauskaite, who holds the rotating presidency of the European Union.
Grybauskaite has been fuming since Yanukovych, under pressure from Russia, refused to sign an association agreement that would have brought Ukraine closer to the bloc.
The planned signing of the pact at the end of November would have capped off Lithuania's six month EU presidency and helped draw another ex-Soviet state into the Western fold.
Instead, the Ukrainian government turned to Russia for a multi-billion dollar bailout package as Yanukovych told the West to stay out of his country's affairs, with tens of thousands of pro-EU protestors on the streets for the past month.
"This government is not signing because it doesn't want to sign," said Grybauskaite at a summit of EU leaders, adding that the Ukrainian government's "credibility is already lost."
EU leaders are expected to issue a statement of solidarity with the Ukrainian people while keeping the door open for Kiev to sign the pact.
Referring to Moscow's massive bailout offer which won over Kiev, Luxembourg Prime Minister Xavier Bettel weighed in, saying: "We are not carpet traders. It's not a question of offering more."
Yanukovych has staunchly defended the deal he reached with Russian President Vladimir Putin and lambasted top European and US diplomats who turned up at the protests in Kiev.
"I am categorically against others coming to our country and teaching us how to live," Yanukovych said.
"What is very important is that this is our internal matter, and that other countries do not intervene in our internal affairs."
Putin has denied the assistance package had anything to do with the protests or Kiev's decision to turn its back on the EU pact.
Rather, he said Moscow had offered the aid with the sole aim of steering a neighbouring "brotherly country" out of economic trouble.
Benson Hill Biosystems, a St. Louis, Mo.-based agricultural technology company, closed a $25m Series B funding.
The round was co-led by Lewis & Clark Ventures and Prelude Ventures, with participation from Fall Line Capital and S2G Ventures and existing investors Alexandria Venture Investments, Cultivation Capital, iSelect Fund, Mercury Fund, Middleland Capital, Missouri Technology Corporation, Prolog Ventures and TechAccel. As part of the financing, David Russell of Lewis & Clark Ventures and Mark Cupta of Prelude Ventures will join the Benson Hill board of directors.
The company intends to use the funds to further advance its computational platform.
Founded in 2012 by Matthew Crisp, CEO, Benson Hill Biosystems leverages cloud biology, comprised of cloud computing, big data analytics and plant biology, to enable companies of all sizes to improve crop genetics. CropOS™ is a cognitive engine that uses machine learning to continuously advance, enabling researchers to predict which seeds will produce a desired trait. The platform outputs can be deployed in crop plants by using a spectrum of approaches and tools, from breeding to genome editing to transgenics.
The company's first application of CropOS identified traits to increase crop yields by improving photosynthesis, one of the most fundamental and complex plant systems.
FinSMEs
28/03/2017
(---------- FULL VIEW OR YOU WILL BE MISSING OUT!!!!!!!!!!!----------)hey guys, its that rare time again when i actually finish something off!!!this is a piece of contract work, the client wanted it to be stongly related to my silent silhouette piece, so thats why the colour scheme is somewhat similar.ive spent atleast 80 hours on this....at the very least!this image was painted using both photoshop 7 and Painter 9 along with the help from my A6 wacom graphire 2, with that said please dont keep asking what software or wacom i use.ive really enjoyed painting this and have learnt a great deal more about painting water from scratch, same can be siad of the sky.apart from some of the brick work and a couple of buildings near the waters edge, the rest is 100% painted from scratch.my fingers are tired now so ill let the image do the talking
A judge has ruled against a segment of Donald Trump's controversial travel ban, after it had banned grandparents and other close relatives of people living in the US from entering the country.
District Judge Derrick Watson in Hawaii said that the the interpretation of the ban had been viewed too narrowly after the Supreme Court allowed a partial reinstatement of one of Trump's flagship policies.
The ban only allows those who have "bona fide" family ties to enter the US. That, according to the Trump administration, did not include grandparents, grandchildren, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, uncles, aunts, nephews, nieces and cousins.
But Judge Watson disagreed, saying: "Common sense, for instance, dictates that close family members be defined to include grandparents. Indeed, grandparents are the epitome of close family members."
People from Libya, Syria, Iran, Somalia, Yemen and Sudan will be banned for 90 days. Refugees from any nation will be banned for 120 days.
The first travel ban was introduced in January leading to chaos at major airports across the US. Courts around the country soon started blocking it, bringing the landmark policy to a halt.
Trump then issued a new watered-down version which was still turned down by courts with one Virginia court claiming it was "rooted in religious animus" toward Muslims.
When the nation's top court allowed the temporary reinstatement of the ban, Trump said: "Today's unanimous Supreme Court decision is a clear victory for our national security. Today's ruling allows me to use an important tool for protecting our nation's homeland. I am also particularly gratified that the Supreme Court's decision was 9-0."
The Supreme Court also agreed to hear the government's appeal against the lower courts which blocked the original and watered-down bans. The first arguments will be heard in the autumn.
Recently it has come to the attention of, well, nearly the entire world that the Dutch Certificate Authority DigiNotar incorrectly issued certificates to a malicious party or parties. Even more recently, it's come to light that they were apparently compromised months ago or perhaps even in May of 2009 if not earlier.
This is pretty unfortunate, since correctly issuing certificates is exactly the function that a certificate authority (CA) is supposed to perform. By comparison, ComodoGate looks fairly minor.
This incident doesn't affect the functionality of Tor clients or the Tor Network itself, since Tor doesn't use the flawed CA system. The Tor network uses a much simpler and flatter trust design that protects us from many of these CA issues. Further, Tor's distributed-trust design limits the damage from compromise of any given network component.
But the incident does affect users that are attempting to reach The Tor Project's infrastructure: with one of these bogus certificates, an attacker could convince your browser that you were talking to The Tor Project website, when really you were talking to the attacker.
We have taken direct action in an attempt to stop this kind of attack in the future with two major browser vendors and we hope to integrate a fix with all other willing browsers. Please contact us if you ship a browser and you'd like to help your users to be proactively secure when visiting our sites. TorBrowser users should upgrade to our latest release and verify signatures for all downloaded files. All Tor Browser Bundles have been updated to Firefox 6 with a patch to stop trusting the offending CA, and users are encouraged to upgrade. Below, we describe what we found out, what we're doing about it, and what you should do to keep yourself safe.
The attack
In the last seventy-two hours we were working to find positive confirmation that The Tor Project was one of the targeted groups. It was originally disclosed that at least one certificate was issued for '*.google.com' and that it was being used to actively Man-In-The-Middle SSL and TLS connections. Quite quickly we found a similar pattern to the ComodoGate fiasco. It appears likely that the Mozilla Addons site, Yahoo, Facebook, Twitter, and a few other major players were targeted. We do not have an authoritative list but I personally believe those targets to be accurate; time will tell. Additionally, we heard rumors that we had graduated to the big leagues and we had also heard that DigiNotar had reached out to the major browser vendors. We did not receive any proactive contact from DigiNotar as a browser vendor and this worried us greatly when compounded with the rumor of being one of the targets as well.
We ship a rather specific and special browser and it appeared that all of our sites are specifically in the attacker's target list. Having received no contact from DigiNotar, we reached out to DigiNotar by email and by telephone.
I spoke on the telephone with a rather nice but obviously overworked DigiNotar point of contact who will remain anonymous. He was guarded and careful in what he said but was clearly sympathetic to the severity of the matter at hand. It seemed quite clear that he repeated similar information to other impacted callers:
"What I can say is the following " ... "Any fraudulent torproject.org certificate that has been requested has been revoked. Any serial numbers that we know about have been revoked. All serial numbers have been communicated to the major browsers vendors." ... "Any certificate that we know of is revoked by OCSP server."
We emailed quite a bit back and forth after the phone call. A few hours later that same point of contact from DigiNotar sent a list of all of the certificates in a spreadsheet. It appears that the attackers requested twelve certificates, and each certificate was for '*.torproject.org'. The first batch of six certificates was issued on July 18th and the second batch of six certificates was issued on July 20th. According to the spreadsheet, the first six of the certificates expired on August 17th, 2011 and second batch of six certificates expired on August 19th, 2011. According to the information disclosed by DigiNotar the certificates in question should all have expired. The contact at DigiNotar stressed that there was no confirmation about the attacker(s) receiving the certificates. I have no reason to believe that these certificates would have any more trouble reaching the requesting party than the Google certificate used in the wild.
This is the current list of serial numbers for all twelve Tor Project certificates as disclosed to us by DigiNotar:
899AE120CD44FCEC0FFCD62F6FC4BB81
7DD16C03DF0438B2BE5FC1D3E19F138B
5432FC98141883F780897BC829EB9080
73024E7C998B3DDD244CFD313D5E43B6
B01D8C6F2D5373EABF0C00319E92AE95
FF789632B8D4AECD94A0AAB33074A058
86633B957280BC65A5ADFD1D153BDE52
E7F58683066112DC5EB244FCF208E850
1A07D8D6DDC7E623E71205074A05CEA2
79C8E8B7DE36539FFC4B2B5825305324
06CBB1CC51156C6D465F14829453DD68
ED1A1008190A5D1654D138EB8FD1154A
DigiNotar has not provided us with a copy of any of the certificates that they issued. We are not sure that they have copies nor if they are willing to disclose any copies they may or may not have. This point is extremely disconcerting as the CRL/OCSP revocation process is essentially worthless. Mere serial numbers are simply not enough in some cases — especially when a full list of all likely compromised serial numbers has not been disclosed as happens to currently be the case.
To the best of our knowledge and by analyzing the CRLs for DigiNotar, we do not believe that any of the fraudulently issued '*.torproject.org' certificates have been revoked at the time of this writing. It may be the case that they are simply not in the business of revoking certificates after they have expired. There is no evidence to support revocation during the time that these certificates were perfectly valid.
I believe that you can clearly see the MITM attack in action around the tenth hop of this traceroute thanks to an anonymous person in Iran:
1 3 ms 14 ms 2 ms 192.168.1.1
2 67 ms 67 ms 65 ms 91.99.***.***.parsonline.net [91.99.***.***]
3 65 ms 67 ms 93 ms 10.220.1.2
4 67 ms 72 ms 66 ms 2.180.2.1
5 66 ms 64 ms 64 ms 217.219.64.115
############### [ MORE Nodes ] #################
6 451 ms 195 ms 154 ms 78.38.245.6
7 626 ms 231 ms 88 ms 78.38.245.5
8 93 ms 91 ms 96 ms 78.38.244.242
9 88 ms 94 ms 120 ms 78.38.244.241
################### [ MORE ] ###################
10 88 ms 88 ms 88 ms 10.10.53.33 ####DIfferent IP (0.0.0.33)
#### [ OUT OF IRAN ] ####
11 340 ms * * pos3-1.palermo5.pal.seabone.net [195.22.198.77]
To quote someone I respect greatly: "That's not dodgy at all!"
Early statements By DigiNotar translated by someone and mentioned by a friendly Dutch man lead us to believe that DigiNotar and their parent company are in damage-control mode. It would be unsurprising to hear that the Dutch Government is similarly in the dark about the scope of the compromise, as it appears DigiNotar does not control a canonical list for all certificates issued. While some Browser vendors have received a list, I do not have confidence that this list actually contains all malicious certificates that have been issued: rather it appears to be a subset that did not even include the Google certificate that was being used in the wild. We hope that DigiNotar will fully disclose whatever information they have and explain what information they honestly lack.
The defense
Modern versions of Chrome (13) were able to prevent MITM attacks against most, if not all of the Google sites where they had certificate pinning and where HSTS was enabled. Google has also announced the attacks and updated information about it. Additionally, they have distrusted DigiNotar in Chrome.
We've sent a request to Google that they enable HSTS and pin certificates for some of the critical Tor sites and that patch is pending. Google has been very good about all of this and I can't thank them enough for their help.
As it stands, Chrome appears to have shipped a fix that distrusts DigiNotar and it appears to treat hundreds of certificates as if they are specifically known to be malicious or hostile. Mozilla and others have shipped a fix as well. Sadly, it appears that the Dutch Government asked various browser vendors to create an exemption for certain trust chains as some kind of compromise. However, we were not party to any of the discussions, and we don't understand the core concerns for such a compromise. We're not willing to take a leap of faith for a Certificate Authority that did not contact us when they first noticed this problem. Right now, if we found a DigiNotar-issued certificate certifying that water was wet, we wouldn't believe it without checking for ourselves. Twice.
We have proactively given DigiNotar an "Internet Death Sentence" in the Tor Browser. The direct impact of removing DigiNotar should be on the order of around seven hundred certificates according to some cursory queries run against the EFF's SSL Observatory. I believe that the number of certificates revoked is nearing parity with the number of possibly legitimate still-valid certificates issued by DigiNotar. That's a sad state of affairs.
We do not currently have evidence of any tampering with Tor downloads, but we're looking. If an attacker can successfully perform a MITM attack, there is nothing to prevent them from giving you a bogus package instead of the software you were actually looking for — if you're not checking package signatures, there's no easy way to tell good software from bad.
What you should do
First of all, upgrade your browser(s). See this blog post announcing the new Tor Browser Bundles with Firefox 6.
Note that verifying the signatures on Tor packages prevents attackers like this from causing you to install a possibly backdoored version of Tor. You should always verify the signature of any software you download. We encourage you to learn more about secure signature verification.
If you have downloaded copies of any Tor software in the past few months, and you did it over any network that you don't trust, please help us check to see whether there was any attempt to alter them. We don't expect you'll find anything, but if you do, we really want to know about it. In any case, it will be good practice for checking signatures.
If you have any information about certificates that you believe to be false, please do send us the certificates and we'll take a look.
The Certificate Authority system as it stands today is a house of cards and we're witnessing in public what many have known for years in private. The entire system is soaked in petrol and waiting for a light. There are some new directions for trust in the works such as Convergence and various ways to do DNSSEC authenticated HTTPS as well as other hacks. Still, nothing is set in stone or standardized and this is why we need to remain vigilant. We're hoping to detect these kinds of attacks in the future with our distributed SSL Observatory and we hope that you'll join us.
I'd like to end on a positive note and quote a personal hero and friend, Matt Blaze: "A decade ago, I observed that commercial certificate authorities protect you from anyone from whom they are unwilling to take money. That turns out to be wrong; they don't even do that much."
Fans of the Heads-Up! App and Disney Parks now have the best of both experiences, as a new Disney Parks-themed deck is now available. App creator and talk show host Ellen DeGeneres announced the addition to the game during her show.
The app is available for $.99 on iOS and free on Android. Once it's downloaded, guests visiting Disneyland Resort, Walt Disney World Resort and Aulani can unlock the Disney Parks themed deck for free. It features iconic attractions, characters and experiences.
Fans also have a chance to win a vacation package to either Disneyland Resort or Walt Disney World Resort in Ellen's “Win A Magical Theme Parks Family Vacation Package for 4” contest by clicking here*. Click here for contest rules.
*NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN A PRIZE. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. THIS IS A CONTEST OF SKILL. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. The entry period for the “Ellen's Win a Magical Theme Parks Family Vacation Package for 4” (“Contest”), sponsored by WAD Productions Inc. (“Sponsor”), begins on Thursday, March 17, 2016 at 6:00 AM Pacific Time (“PT”) and ends on Friday, April 22, 2016 at 11:59 PM Pacific Time (“PT”) (the “Contest Period”). All applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. Proof of submitting a Contest entry will not be deemed by Sponsor as proof of receipt of valid entry into the Contest. Any attempted form of entry into the Contest other than as described herein is void.
30-Second Video View Costs on Facebook vs. YouTube
The not-so-shocking tale on why Facebook video advertising is way overrated.
Nathan Baker Blocked Unblock Follow May 19, 2017
I've recently finished running some social media campaigns for a tech-client, with creative content being served as ads on both Facebook and YouTube to the USA, UK, France, and Germany. Most of this content was video and we ended up spending about 1 million US dollars.
We split the budget fairly evenly between the platforms and we're already very familiar with costs of running ads on both. A video view on Facebook is almost always going to be cheaper than a video view on YouTube — at least on the surface.
Measurement on both platforms is drastically different. What you're paying for on Facebook is fundamentally different than what you're paying for on YouTube when it comes to video viewership. Here's how it's measured:
Facebook Video View = 3-seconds
YouTube Video View = 30-seconds
So YouTube requires 10x the viewer retention for that view count ticker to even increase. Moreover, when you see the way an ad is served on Facebook, it already raises suspicion on the quality of viewership.
A video ad will auto-play without sound when served as an ad on Facebook. So if you're scrolling through your timeline, an ad might start playing that you won't even hear, and if you're not exactly in a hurry on scrolling down, 3-seconds might go by, and the view count will increase — except you might stop watching after 4-seconds without even hearing the sound.
YouTube, on the other hand, delivers video ads in a much different way, granted the nature of the platform is very different. People are already there to watch video, for one. The video ads I prefer to run on YouTube are in-stream, meaning they're those ads that take over the video player when you're trying to start watching the video you chose. You can often skip these ads after 5-seconds, except a video view isn't counted when you skip. A video view isn't even counted when you watch for 15-seconds, and decide to skip. You're required to watch a full 30-seconds on YouTube for it to even count.
Facebook has already been called out on this disparity between measurement. What they've done to rectify this concern is let advertisers only pay per 10-second view. Definitely better than paying for a 3-second view, but it's still a fraction of the time required to measure a YouTube view. But even still, there's still some questionable reporting going on in Facebook's self-serve ad system.
When you choose to run a video ad on Facebook and opt for the pay-per-10-second-view model (as opposed to pay-per-CPM), the default reporting “result” of the ad is a 3-second view. They'll even give you the cost-per-3-second-view as a default. You have to manually toggle the reporting settings to even see how many 10-second views you're getting, along with the cost-per-10-second-view.
Default “result” reporting on Facebook for the pay-per-10-second-view model.
So you're signing up to pay-per-10-second-view but they make you work extra hard to even see the data for the actual result you're aiming for, and instead, try to trick you by only showing the 3-second view data by default. Something's not right here.
Custom reporting settings for Facebook ads.
So if you're already going in the back-end to toggle reporting metrics, you'll find the option to report 30-second views. They won't break down the cost-per-30-second-view for you though, you need to crunch those numbers yourself.
So I went through all of our video advertising data from these campaigns and did a little back-to-back comparison. If you're a newbie to video advertising on social media, the results might shock you.
30-second video view costs on Facebook vs. YouTube in the USA, UK, France, and Germany:
Facebook: $0.11
YouTube: $0.04
YouTube is nearly 3x as cheap when it comes to an actual engaged viewer who is spending the time to watch what you're paying to show them. I've been suspicious of Facebook video view results for some time, but I was not expecting the disparity in pricing to be so dramatic.
So if you're aiming to spend a decent amount of money on promoting video content, take Facebook's offerings with a grain of salt. See the visualization of viewer drop-off below to see the gaps between reach, video views (3-seconds), 10-second-video-views, and 30-second-video-views.
Disparity in results on Facebook video ads in select markets.
Facebook already got in trouble for having inflated video view numbers, but supposedly this has been dealt with and now we're seeing a more accurate picture in 2017. But as ad spending for video content isn't slowing down on Facebook, these numbers are still being inflated. There's a big gap between that 3-second to 10-second mark, where a video view on an ad is being counted, but the cost only comes into play when it reaches 10-seconds (so long as you aren't paying by CPM for video). Here's a diagram to reflect what's happening in the counting of “video views” on ads on Facebook.
What happens when you run video ads on Facebook with the pay-per-10-second-view model.
Going forward, I'm going to take video ads on YouTube a lot more seriously. Facebook isn't a no-go zone so to speak, as I tend to see much more quality results on stills when charged by engagement. This is another story completely, but video ads on Facebook also count “engagements” as “views” in the Ad Manager system rather than just reactions, comments, shares, and clicks like they would be counted on a still.
Videos ads also tend to garner far fewer reactions, comments, shares, and clicks on Facebook when compared to a still. So at the end of the day, it looks like Facebook is treating its advertisers like idiots when serving video ads. Someone gave me a million dollars to get to the bottom of this and I'll be focusing resources on YouTube for longer-form video ads until Facebook changes their act.
Clarification
YouTube video views referred to in article are paid. Organic viewership measurements can differ on YouTube. I'm referring to commentary on Reddit regarding this article:
Water is familiar to everyone—it shapes our bodies and our planet. But despite this abundance, the molecular structure of water has remained a mystery, with the substance exhibiting many strange properties that are still poorly understood. Recent work at the Department of Energy's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory and several universities in Sweden and Japan, however, is shedding new light on water's molecular idiosyncrasies, offering insight into its strange bulk properties.
In all, water exhibits 66 known anomalies, including a strangely varying density, large heat capacity and high surface tension. Contrary to other "normal" liquids, which become denser as they get colder, water reaches its maximum density at about 4 degrees Celsius. Above and below this temperature, water is less dense; this is why, for example, lakes freeze from the surface down. Water also has an unusually large capacity to store heat, which stabilizes the temperature of the oceans, and a high surface tension, which allows insects to walk on water, droplets to form and trees to transport water to great heights.
"Understanding these anomalies is very important because water is the ultimate basis for our existence: no water, no life," said SLAC scientist Anders Nilsson, who is leading the experimental efforts. "Our work helps explain these anomalies on the molecular level at temperatures which are relevant to life."
How the molecules arrange themselves in water's solid form, ice, was long ago established: the molecules form a tight "tetrahedral" lattice, with each molecule binding to four others. Discovering the molecular arrangement in liquid water, however, is proving to be much more complex. For over 100 years, this structure has been the subject of intense debate. The current textbook model holds that, since ice is made up of tetrahedral structures, liquid water should be similar, but less structured since heat creates disorder and breaks bonds. As ice melts, the story goes, the tetrahedral structures loosen their grip, breaking apart as the temperature rises, but all still striving to remain as tetrahedral as possible, resulting in a smooth distribution around distorted, partially broken tetrahedral structures.
Recently, Nilsson and colleagues directed powerful X-rays generated by the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource at SLAC and the SPring-8 synchrotron facility in Japan at samples of liquid water. These experiments suggested that the textbook model of water at ambient conditions was incorrect and that, unexpectedly, two distinct structures, either very disordered or very tetrahedral, exist no matter the temperature.
In a paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the researchers revealed the additional discovery that the two types of structure are spatially separated, with the tetrahedral structures existing in "clumps" made of up to about 100 molecules surrounded by disordered regions; the liquid is a fluctuating mix of the two structures at temperatures ranging from ambient to all the way up near the boiling point. As the temperature of water increases, fewer and fewer of these clumps exist; but they are always there to some degree, in clumps of a similar size. The researchers also discovered that the disordered regions themselves become more disordered as the temperature rises.
"One can visualize this as a crowded dance restaurant, with some people sitting at large tables, taking up quite a bit of room—like the tetrahedral component in water—and other people on the dance floor, standing close together and moving slower or faster depending on the mood or 'temperature' of the restaurant—like the molecules in the disordered regions can be excited by heat, the dancers can be excited and move faster with the music," Nilsson said. "There's an exchange when people sitting decide to get up to dance and other dancers sit down to rest. When the dance floor really gets busy, tables can also be moved out of the way to allow for more dancers, and when things cool back off, more tables can be brought in."
This more detailed understanding of the molecular structure and dynamics of liquid water at ambient temperatures mirrors theoretical work on "supercooled" water: an unusual state in which water has not turned into ice even though it is far below the freezing point. In this state, theorists postulate, the liquid is made up of a continuously fluctuating mix of tetrahedral and more disordered structures, with the ratio of the two depending on temperature—just as Nilsson and his colleagues have found to be the case with water at the ambient temperatures important for life.
"Previously, hardly anyone thought that such fluctuations leading to distinct local structures existed at ambient temperatures," Nilsson said. "But that's precisely what we found."
This new work explains, in part, the liquid's strange properties. Water's density maximum at 4 degrees Celsius can be explained by the fact that the tetrahedral structures are of lower density, which does not vary significantly with temperature, while the more disordered regions—which are of higher density—become more disordered and so less dense with increasing temperature. Likewise, as water heats, the percentage of molecules in the more disordered state increases, allowing this excitable structure to absorb significant amounts of heat, which leads to water's high heat capacity. Water's tendency to form strong hydrogen bonds explains the high surface tension that insects take advantage of when walking across water.
Connecting the molecular structure of water with its bulk properties in this way is tremendously important for fields ranging from medicine and biology to climate and energy research.
"If we don't understand this basic life material, how can we study the more complex life materials—like proteins—that are immersed in water?" asked Postdoctoral Researcher Congcong Huang, who conducted the X-ray scattering experiments. "We must understand the simple before we can understand the complex."
This research was conducted by scientists from SLAC, Stockholm University, Spring-8, University of Tokyo, Hiroshima University, and Linkoping University. The work was supported by the National Science Foundation, the Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research, the Swedish Research Council, the Swedish National Supercomputer Center and the Japanese Ministry of Education, Science, Sports and Culture through a Grant-in-Aid for Scientific Research.
SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is a multi-program laboratory exploring frontier questions in photon science, astrophysics, particle physics and accelerator research. Located in Menlo Park, California, SLAC is operated by Stanford University for the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science. SLAC's Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource is a national user facility which provides synchrotron radiation for research in chemistry, biology, physics and materials science to over two thousand users each year.
The Manboys Part II: Italy, Norway, Austria and Quebec
Here's where the Manboys fly to Milan and are tempted to buy expensive suits. Instead, they snowboard every day and consume prosciutto at such a dangerous rate that Lorenzo, the cafe owner, has to cut off their supply. One day, they drive through a hole in a mountain for 25 minutes and end up in Austria, where many wieners are schnitzelled, and Rasman has to parkour up a building to get to bed one night. Also, seamlessly integrated at the beginning of this motion picture, is Jody hitting a bunch of handrails and other things that aren't made of snow, while in Quebec probably. Man, he's good. Mark is in Norway during this time, buying expensive suits, and Robjn is making lifelong memories on an exotic mountain called Blackcomb, his favorite of all the world's mountains.
Watch More from the Manboys Right Here
Follow the crew: @themanboys
@marksollors @rustyockenden @jodywachniak @mattbelzile @ohheyrobjn @chrisrasman @natelav
Chuck Todd, political director of NBC News, reported during Saturday's broadcast of NBC Nightly News that the presidential race is “over,” that Donald Trump has lost to Hillary Clinton, and the Republican Party can only minimize the damage at best.
Todd cited Republicans to whom he had spoken.
“Right now you have every Republican now deciding it's every Republican for themselves,” Todd said — adding, somewhat contradictorily, “It's ‘save the party.' It's ‘save the Senate majority and the House majority.'”
He continued: “Every Republican I've talked to that isn't in Trump Tower has essentially said the presidential race is over.”
Todd also told the Today show that Trump's comments about groping women — recorded surreptitiously on a live mic in 2005 as he joked with Access Hollywood anchor Billy Bush — are unrecoverable, and could destroy the entire Republican Party.
At no point did Todd cite polling data to support his claims, which appeared to be his own analysis, reported at the top of the news hour. On MSNBC earlier in the day, Todd had also opined that the GOP nominee had “lost the moral authority to lead.”
Todd did not compare Trump's words, for which the candidate apologized twice on Friday, to Bill Clinton's conduct in office, which Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has been accused of enabling by attacking women who accused him.
Several prominent Republicans distanced themselves from Trump, and others withdrew their support, perhaps having in mind the controversy over comments by Rep. Todd Akin (R-MO) in 2012, who fumbled a question about abortion by talking about what he called “legitimate rape.”
Democrats linked Akin to every Republican in races across the country, using women's outrage to help defeat Republican nominee Mitt Romney and hold a majority in the Senate.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
A Facebook post by the Conn family inspired Marysville, Calif., Police Chief Aaron Easton to buy the family a car. KTXL-TV video screenshot
MARYSVILLE, Calif., Dec. 10 (UPI) -- He might wear blue instead of red, but a California family's personal Santa -- the local police chief -- proved just as generous as Old St. Nick when he bought the family a car.
"I've done this career for quite a while now," Marysville Police Chief Aaron Easton told KCRA-TV. "It sounds cliche, but I started it and remain in the career to have moments where I can actually help somebody out."
Easton's opportunity to help came when he spotted Jessica Conn's Facebook post about how the Saturn she shares with her husband, Timothy, finally gave out in front of the home of a man who offered to sell the family a Nisaan at a reduced price.
Conn wrote she and Timothy, who live in an RV with their children, ages 7 and 8, were unable to afford the reduced-price car.
The family said lack of transportation forced their daughters to walk 2 1/2 miles to school each day.
"It was kind of spur of the moment, and it was yeah... I'm gonna buy them a car," Easton told KTXL-TV.
Easton, whose wife died three and a half months ago, said he sought permission from his three children to take money from the family's Christmas fund.
"I asked them, 'Are you OK with losing this from you guys' Christmas fund for your presents to help this family out?' and I was very proud that each one individually without hesitation said, 'Yeah absolutely, yeah, let's do this,'" he said.
"I think this story shows they've really inherited their mom's compassion and love for others," he said.
Timothy Conn shared high praise for the police chief.
"His mom and dad raised an awesome, awesome man," Conn said. "Aaron has restored my faith in believing in fate -- fate and faith."
Conn said Easton invited his two daughters to walk with police in the town's Christmas parade last week.
"They were ecstatic about it," Conn said. "They've always wanted to be in a parade. They got their wish."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and actor Sunny Leone. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and actor Sunny Leone.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is world famous and has fans everywhere. But this fan has made a resolution for PM Modi. Yes, it is Sunny Leone who was quoted by Bombay Times where she wants him to make a resolution to make it easier for NRIs like her to carry out business in India.
Sunny Leone says that PM Modi has left a great mark during his trips worldwide. Be it US, Australia or Nepal, Modi's charisma has mesmerised NRIs across the globe.
Sunny became the most searched celebrity for the third year in a row.
We wish Sunny and Modi a Happy New Year and let's see what PM has to react to this.
NRL chief executive Todd Greenberg has vowed to try and strike while the iron is hot in Perth following the closure of Super Rugby's Western Force.
But it won't come in the form of a rushed together NRL team.
Perth is seen as a likely destination of the league's next expansion team, following the collapse of the Western Reds in 1997 as a result of the Super League war.
TIME IS RIGHT: Push to fast-track a Perth based NRL team
Rugby League fans: "The NRL is too reactionary."
Same fans: "GET A TEAM IN PERTH IMMEDIATELY!!!!1" — Slatts (@trentslatts) August 14, 2017
However any expansion of the current 16-team competition is not expected until at least the next television rights deal in 2022, when additional Queensland teams, a second New Zealand side and even a Pacific franchise are also considered likely options.
But Greenberg said the game would look to make small moves into the state given the lack of either rugby code in the city as of next season.
“You won't see us just landing a new NRL team there because of what's happened to the Force but what you will see is us looking strategically at Perth to play games,” Greenberg told Triple M.
“Next year you can expect us to look very closely at what we can do in Perth for new opportunities also what we can do to continue our junior development programs and grassroots as well.
NRL CEO Todd Greenberg. Source: AAP
“But it's not as simple as just picking up a club and moving it in there in the short term. It takes a lot more effort and a significant investment to make it work”
Two games per season have been taken to Perth in recent years, a figure that could be increased next year.
Australia hosted NZ in a Test match at nib Stadium last October and a World Cup rugby league double header will be played in the city in November before the new Perth Stadium hosts a State of Origin game in 2019.
There are 3,600 registered rugby league players in Western Australia and last year five of the West Coast Pirate's SG Ball juniors debuted in the NRL's under-20s competition in round one.
They have also lost a number of promising juniors — including Force players Curtis Rona and Chance Peni — to the 15-man game as an easier path to professional sport arrived.
However NRLWA chief executive, John Sackon, predicted to AAP earlier this year that the exclusion of the Force would give rugby league a free kick in the state if they wished to take it.
“The talented kids out of the rugby codes want to pursue a career,” Sackson said in May.
“That option now exists with the Force, and it could come back the other way.”
ADVERTISEMENT
In the wake of Hillary Clinton's shocking November loss to a run-on sentence with two feet named Donald Trump, Democrats are frantically casting about for salvation. Can a renewed focus on the economic concerns of the white working class deliver the Midwest in 2020? Do narrow losses in Georgia and Arizona mean the Democratic Party can flip those states in the future? Will the Trump administration be such a disaster that Democrats might gain seats in Congress despite a gerrymandered House and an absolutely brutal 2018 Senate map?
Also: Will Democrats ever experience joy again?
These are important questions, but they betray a misunderstanding of the party's long-term predicament. For one thing, Democrats face a structural disadvantage in the U.S. Senate that will not change unless white, rural America experiences a sudden shift in its social and economic values. With about 30 Republican-leaning states and 20 Democratic-leaning states, the Senate will likely remain in the hands of the Republican Party more often than not.
The solution to this problem is simple: Democrats need to create more Democratic-leaning states.
Because it hasn't happened since Alaska and Hawaii were admitted in 1959, people think that the statehood process is harder than it actually is, or that the peculiar 50-state shape of the country today was hashed out by Madison and Jefferson over Philadelphia candlelight and is therefore immutable. But creating states is actually easy. All it requires is for the citizens of a territory to express their desire to join the union, and for Congress to make it so. So the next time Democrats capture unified power in Washington — itself a tall but not impossible order — they should move aggressively to grant statehood to long-suffering Washington, D.C., and Puerto Rico. There you go: Four more Democratic senators.
But Democrats should go much further and artfully filet the progressive stronghold of California into seven or more pieces, thereby giving Democrats an insurmountable strategic advantage in the U.S. Senate and making it less likely that another Republican will ever capture the White House with a minority of the popular vote.
Conservatives will surely say that this is rule-bending at best, and a blatant and illegal power grab at worst. Well, it's not. And it would actually remedy some of our democracy's worst features.
While most Americans are taught to uncritically revere our constitutional order, scholars have long recognized its many shortcomings. In How Democratic is the American Constitution? the late political scientist Robert Dahl lamented some of our system's most egregious inequities. The possibility of the national popular vote winner losing the Electoral College — something that has now happened to Democrats twice in 16 years — was one concern.
But Dahl argued that the Senate is perhaps America's premier undemocratic institution. Every U.S. state gets two senators, even though population totals vary from Wyoming's 582,000 to California's 38 million. Before anyone Foundersplains to you about how this is all part of some careful design, such disparities were unforeseen even by the Framers. The largest population difference among the states in 1787 was between Virginia (about 420,000) and Delaware (37,000). This roughly 11-fold difference is blown away by contemporary population inequalities. California has about 67 times the population of America's smallest state and has more citizens than the smallest 21 states combined. Those 21 states get 42 senators. Californians get two.
This is a nonsense system that no sentient institutional designer would create on purpose today. The arguments for why millions of Californians — or the citizens of any large state — should have to defer in perpetuity to the judgment of 858,000 rural South Dakotans are profoundly flimsy. As Dahl argued, there was no higher purpose or theory behind the composition of the Senate, which was "nothing more than a practical outcome of a hard bargain that its opponents finally agreed to in order to achieve a Constitution." No other functional democracy on the planet organizes their politics in a way so clearly and unapologetically designed to thwart majorities from governing.
Why not just push to make the Senate a proportional body instead of carving a large, prosperous state into different loaves? Because the composition of the U.S. Senate cannot feasibly be amended. Article V states "that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate." Since no state — let alone a large group of them — is likely to ever willingly give up its over-representation, the Senate and its population disparities are not going anywhere absent a complete collapse of the constitutional order.
So if Democrats can't beat small states at their game, they should join them, starting with the nation's capital. Washington, D.C., has yearned for statehood for almost as long as it has dreamed of having a soul. The district's 672,000 people have no voting representation whatsoever in Congress or the Senate, a situation which is difficult to justify with any coherent theory of democratic representation. In November, D.C. voted overwhelmingly for statehood. In addition to being the right thing to do, granting statehood to D.C. would give Democrats two automatic Senate seats, as well as another stool in the House.
The case for Puerto Rican statehood is also a no-brainer. Its 3.5 million people also completely lack voting representation in Congress, and like in D.C., they have already politely expressed their desire for statehood. And while its Senate seats would be less of a layup for Democrats than D.C.'s, as long as wall-building nativists are running the GOP, Puerto Rico's senators would almost certainly go blue. Statehood would also be beneficial for Puerto Rico, a territory mired in a terrible economic crisis that is not helped by its ambiguous legal status.
These two moves alone would net Democrats an extra four Senate seats and 10 Electoral College votes. But that wouldn't have been sufficient to keep Trump and his troupe of state-liquidators, Russian sleeper agents, and K Street grifters out of the White House. That's why Democrats must consider breaking up California.
It's not exactly a new idea. Proposals to divide the Golden State date back to the 1850s, when California's daunting size made governance a challenge. Since then, more than 200 (mostly unserious) efforts to divide the state have ensued. A recent initiative called Six Californias fell just short of the required number of signatures to appear on the 2016 ballot. (It has a sweet website because it's backed by a venture capitalist whose unsubtle goal is to create an uber-wealthy techtopia literally called Silicon Valley.) But the Six Californias is hugely flawed. It would create, improbably, at least two and perhaps three Republican-leaning entities out of a state that went for Hillary Clinton by an astonishing 29 points. This is a non-starter.
What Democrats need is a plan crafted to increase the national voting and legislative power of California's overwhelming progressive majority. That might just appeal to many people in a state where Democrats can do more or less anything they like. Particularly now that Trump is about to move into the White House despite losing California by 3.4 million votes, proposals to create more Californias might receive a serious hearing in a state that is increasingly out of reach for the GOP. Clinton's (electorally useless) surge in the state was the culmination of a long leftward drift that saw even reliably Republican Orange County swing to the Democrats last year.
How many Californias should there be, and where should the boundaries be drawn? A separate state centered around each of the six largest cities — Los Angeles, San Diego, San Jose, San Francisco, Fresno, and Sacramento — would be a good start, with a seventh for Orange County. All seven states would boast access to the Pacific, and each would include one large, prosperous city so that no Californians are left destitute. Each would be well within the prevailing norms for both geographic size and population of American states.
You know what else? All seven would have been carried easily by Clinton.
Laid-back Californians would doubtlessly prefer to avoid the hassle and remain unified. But they would also, surely, rather not see the values of their progressive utopia trampled upon by a Vichy Republican Party wielding its power through the popular-vote runner-up, a radicalized House, and a Senate whose rural-urban power imbalance exists precisely because California is so large. At the moment, Californian unity and progressive power may be mutually exclusive. And a plan to divide the state is a much better idea than the quixotic and almost certainly unconstitutional #CalExit movement, which even if it was possible would only abandon Democrats in the rest of the country to the predations of an increasingly unhinged Republican Party.
Obviously, breaking up California would raise difficult issues like deciding how to distribute the state's debt and who gets to keep all of the best marijuana farms, as well as the expensive and time-consuming effort to create a series of new governments, university systems, and water-sharing agreements, among many other things. But the coin we'd have to drop to create seven Californias is negligible compared to some mid-range Pentagon boondoggle like the Osprey. Plus, planning it would give Democratic civil servants currently fleeing D.C. like refugees ahead of a plundering army something to do for the next four years.
The end result of adding eight new states to the union would be a 116-member Senate, with the structural Republican Senate advantage permanently eliminated. Twenty-two left-leaning electors would be added to an Electoral College whose size would probably be 560 (still not enough to stop Trump, sadly), and Democrats would pick up six seats in the House.
But the benefits to the party would go well beyond better representation in Congress. It would also generate a wave of national political talent, with a slew of new governors and senators taking office in some of the country's most dynamic regions and bringing the best of California's political culture to the rest of the country. Once the messy process of division is complete, it would also give all Californians access to a less distant state government, forcing their elites to better address local concerns that might normally get lost in the Sacramento shuffle. And it would allow the Democrats to wrest control of the national policy agenda away from a Republican Party bent on incinerating both the New Deal and what's left of the atmosphere.
Could Republicans respond by, say, turning Texas into five states? Probably not. Any feasible division of Texas — which is slowly trending Democratic anyway — would create at least one if not more states where Democrats are at least competitive, if not dominant. This would be true of almost any state seeking to divide itself into multiple pieces, because one of the new states would contain a major metropolitan area, and big cities almost without exception lean Democratic.
Republicans will surely read this and say it's crazy. But what the Republicans have proven over the past eight years — most recently when the North Carolina GOP legislature shamelessly stripped the incoming Democratic governor of his powers — is that it is possible to win by playing ruthless procedural hardball. Democrats need to get creative. In our system, the only way forward is for the narrow interests of the over-represented few to be overwhelmed by the votes of the democratic many.
The latest local pitch to attract Amazon? Create a city of Amazon for the company's planned expansion site.
The Stonecrest City Council voted 4-2 on Monday to de-annex 345 acres of land if the e-commerce giant picks the area for what the company calls HQ2, a corporate hub where Seattle-based Amazon says it will one day house 50,000 jobs.
The city's resolution asks the Georgia General Assembly to form the city of Amazon on that land, located off Lithonia Industrial Boulevard and Coffee Road in DeKalb County.
“There are several major U.S. cities that want Amazon, but none has the branding opportunity we are now offering this visionary company,” said Stonecrest Mayor Jason Lary. “How could you not want your 21st century headquarters to be located in a city named Amazon?”
Amazon is seeking a 175-acre site located near an international airport, public transit and high quality of living. Lary said he hopes MARTA expands rail service to Stonecrest.
The proposed city of Amazon could enter into an agreement with the city of Stonecrest to provide city services, he said.
Stonecrest officials plan to submit a bid for Amazon's HQ2 by the company's Oct. 19 deadline.
Stonecrest, which includes about 53,000 residents in southeast DeKalb, incorporated as a city this year after voters approved it in a November referendum.
Visit myAJC.com for more coverage of Georgia's push for Amazon and other issues.
Last Wednesday, Kansas freshman forward Kelly Oubre declared himself eligible for the NBA draft. The declaration was expected, given that Oubre showed enough of his freakish athleticism and shooting touch during the regular season to likely solidify a lottery spot. How the news came out, however, was unexpected — a rumor, a father's confirmation, and then, finally, a short video on Kansas Basketball's official YouTube channel.
Though it's possible that Bill Self was out recruiting — or possibly dodging questions about the ongoing investigation with fellow freshman forward Cliff Alexander — and KU wasn't able to put together a more official farewell, this most recent one-and-done cycle at Lawrence has ended with a whimper, again. The problem wasn't necessarily Oubre's performance in the video — he says all the right stuff (“I feel like this place, I can call home … I'm a Jayhawk for life … Rock Chalk Jayhawk”). It's that the video feels somewhat curt and insignificant. I mean, shit, at least Andrew Wiggins got a press conference. It feels like the only reason Oubre's announcement video lasts as long as it does is because the video editors couldn't quite figure out how to condense it into a Vine.
This entire rollout felt perfectly timed, especially as schools become more conscious of shaping their narratives for social media. Though the NCAA may have gotten a highly desirable Final Four, critiques of the college game are coming in from everywhere. It's too slow, it's too boring, no one can score, and people are going to start using ticket money to see movies instead.
With the revolving-door nature of these exchanges, investing in a team like Kansas is almost impossible. I'm a Kansas fan. In some ways, I'm jealous of the cross-state commuter school that ousted the Jayhawks in the tournament. Wichita State or Northern Iowa or even Michigan State jell around players who know their role and refine them over the course of multiple seasons. Guys like Wiggins and Oubre — raw ability that is also touched with a “yeah, not exactly sure what this guy's position is!” quality — can be more harmful than helpful when they're not simply exerting their superior athleticism. I'm not saying there's no room in the game for brilliant talent. It's just that watching these Polaroids before they develop is pretty frustrating.
Though some famous one-and-dones have taken their teams to the mountaintop — Melo, Anthony Davis — so many have come in, shown tantalizing bursts of talent in small doses, and fizzled in March. Wiggins and Jabari Parker didn't make it out of the first weekend last year, and hyped freshmen from this season like Stanley Johnson and D'Angelo Russell failed to make it to Indy. Duke is playing for the national title game, but Jahlil Okafor's presence and the hair-on-fire play of Justise Winslow have only bolstered what was already a well-rounded, well-balanced team.
Lance King/Getty Images
Kentucky's modus operandi, of course, is to build its core around these sorts of players. But it's no coincidence that when John Calipari has had lottery-bound big men (Davis in 2012, Julius Randle in 2014, Karl-Anthony Towns in 2015), the Wildcats have made the Final Four. (The year Kentucky lost to NEC member Robert Morris in the first round of the NIT, Nerlens Noel was on the sideline.) And, in the national semifinal, the Wildcats offense withered. Though Kentucky flaunted balanced scoring all year, in the end it couldn't go shot-for-shot with the efficient and fearless Wisconsin.
Though they're often the jewels of the draft class, it seems as if freshman wings aren't bringing you to the 'ship. In rigid college offenses, paired with the attendant fear that comes with being 18 and worrying about screwing up offensive plays, it's harder for these guys to get going. The charge and handcheck rules don't help.
Oubre is the latest example of a blossoming college star gone too soon, this year's model of a cycle that keeps repeating itself and will for some time. Signing Oubre felt like winning the lottery at the time, but now I'm not even sure who got what out of whom. (Besides the NBA, which paid nothing to get a year of development.) As a Jayhawks fan who could easily envision Oubre becoming a cult hero, it feels like yet another complete loss for a sport that's struggling for attention and losing.
The whole situation provides more than enough cause to feel cynical about the entire recruiting process (I know, I know). How on earth are Arizona, Kansas, and Ohio State better off in terms of being competitive programs? As Duke faces off against Wisconsin, it should serve as a compelling matchup of approaches to building elite programs.
In the end, for teams like the Jayhawks, you win a recruiting war and get a recruiting video out of it. So it goes.
Union boss wants to underpay employers jailed for 'wage theft'
Posted
Bosses who underpay workers would be sent to jail under a plan floated by senior union leader Tony Sheldon.
The call follows a string of scandals at franchise operators 7-Eleven, Caltex, Dominoes Pizza and Pizza Hut, where employees have been underpaid by tens of millions of dollars.
Labelling that as "wage theft", Mr Sheldon told AM it was time to treat bosses with the same rules as employees.
"If you were to steal [money] out of their till, you would go to jail," Mr Sheldon said.
"But they have stolen millions of dollars of payments to their own employees.
"They see it as part of their own corporate strategy on how to minimise payment while maximising their own profit — and that's theft."
Mr Sheldon, who is Secretary of the Transport Workers Union, said there was no easy path to hold a business to account and have a court "properly deal with this criminal activity".
"It's seen in corporate life as just another part of business," he said.
"If you don't get caught, you get away with it.
"If you get caught, well, you pay some people some money if they're game enough to go ask for it."
Mr Sheldon said his call was not political payback for the Government passing the Registered Organisation Act, which imposes harsh penalties on union leaders who breach their duties.
He said the Act was "clearly failing to hold employers to account", and that it was largely aimed at operations of the businesses themselves, rather than the actual act of theft.
"If an employee, or an organisation, takes up an underpayment claim — a wages theft claim — there is no jail term attached, or potential jail term attached to that particular case," he said.
"[The business] should be held to account, just as an employee would be if they were to steal those sums of money."
Mr Sheldon will push Federal Opposition leader Bill Shorten to adopt the position as official Labor Party policy at the party's next national conference.
Topics: unions, government-and-politics, laws, law-crime-and-justice, australia
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vile ISIS butchers have released horrific footage showing a man being thrown from the roof of a tall building - simply because they believed him to be gay.
The twisted Islamic fundamentalists released chilling film of the man's final minutes after holding a 'trial' into accusations he was a homosexual.
After being found 'guilty', the man was sentenced to death for breaching what ISIS claims is a true interpretation of Shariah law.
The video, entitled 'The Authority of Sharia', is from the province of Al-Jazeera, in Northern Iraq near the jihadists' stronghold city of Mosul.
The man is accused of "corruption of thought" and "homosexual acts" before being thrown from the high-rise building.
Onlookers gathering to watch the brutal punishment include masked jihadists as well as young children - notably there are no women.
In the Islamic State's twisted interpretation of Shariah law, it is customary for homosexuals to be thrown from the top of the tallest building in the town.
The executioner then warns that such acts are "forbidden in the caliphate" and warns others against them.
The nine minute video also condemns the 'corruption' of the Iraqi government.
ISIS has released a number of terrifying videos and photographs showing the murder of men who have been accused of being homosexual.
One horrifying case surrounded a teenage boy who was hurled from a building after being raped by an ISIS chief - who was simply demoted.
The three climbers had reached Liberty Cap on Liberty Ridge — one of the more technical climbs on the mountain — and were on their way down Thursday when they experienced bad weather that included 70 mph winds and heavy fog, Mount Rainier National Park spokesperson Patti Wold told NBC News.
The group decided to wait out the weather and made a camp at an elevation of a little more than 14,000 feet, then moved to a second spot in the shelter of a crevasse but realized they'd left a piece of equipment behind, probably at the site of the first camp, Wold said.
"Kyle decided to take a second and go back and get it. He never came back," she said.
The other climbers sent texts to family members that night saying the weather turned bad and Bufis was missing, and family members contacted the park and a search was launched, Wold said.
A helicopter crew spotted the body about 200 feet below the rim of Mount Rainier's volcanic crater Saturday, not far from the camp, Wold said.
The body matched the description of Bufis, but identification will be made by the Pierce County Medical Examiner. There isn't anything to indicate a fall, Wold said.
The two men Bufis was climbing with — Derek Gavelis and Mathew Wiech — are safe, the National Park Service said.
The men are experienced climbers, Wold said, but "the weather can change suddenly and drastically on the mountain."
Speaking in general about climbing safely on Mount Rainier and not suggesting the climbers did anything wrong, Wold said, “If you're up there and get stuck in the cloud, just stop. Wait it out.”
The National Park Service said that a U.S. Army Reserve 214th Air Division Chinook helicopter, an Airlift Northwest helicopter and 39 park personnel had been involved in the search.
Upstate deputy charged with DUI after Jeep hits tree, troopers say
A Greenville County deputy was charged with driving under the influence after his Jeep went off the road and hit a tree, according to authorities.John McCloud was arrested at 3:30 a.m. Tuesday after a trooper came across a 1979 Jeep that had run off the road and hit a tree, South Carolina Highway Patrol troopers said. Troopers said McCloud was put under arrest for suspicion on DUI and was charged after refusing a breathalyzer. McCloud is on non-paid administrative leave, Greenville County Sheriff's Office Sergeant Ryan Flood said.
A Greenville County deputy was charged with driving under the influence after his Jeep went off the road and hit a tree, according to authorities.
John McCloud was arrested at 3:30 a.m. Tuesday after a trooper came across a 1979 Jeep that had run off the road and hit a tree, South Carolina Highway Patrol troopers said.
Advertisement
Troopers said McCloud was put under arrest for suspicion on DUI and was charged after refusing a breathalyzer.
McCloud is on non-paid administrative leave, Greenville County Sheriff's Office Sergeant Ryan Flood said.
AlertMe
While AirAsia is gearing up for its India launch, rival airlines are not happy and are trying hard to stop it.
A lobby group of Indian airlines has claimed that the approvals granted to AirAsia India were "illegal" and the government must not allow the no-frill airline to launch its operations in India.
It is to be noted that Air Asia is due to start its operations in India from June 12.
The Federation of Indian Airlines (FIA) said in a letter to finance minister Arun Jaitley that the government must advise the DGCA not to permit AirAsia India to proceed to fly, "that too with merely one aircraft with the sole intent of making the decision to let them fly a fait accompli and difficult for the government to review,".
The officials of AirAsia India are unwilling to comment on the development. The FIA said AirAsia India's flight schedule was cleared by the DGCFA in hurry and it should be reviewed.
This 1971 Alfa Montreal (chassis AR1425234) is said to be an all original, unmodified survivor, and looks good in factory red/black. We saw the car in person at the Mecum Monterey sale last august, where it didn't meet reserve at $35k (result link). Paint is said to be mostly factory and looks good, though as the listing points out there a few small cracks and other imperfections. Find it here on eBay in Alameda, California with a $59,995 starting bid.
There is an interesting thread located here on the AlfaBB including some people who know the car. Panels look straight and solid, though the seller doesn't specifically mention rust. We spotted what appears to be some non-structural corrosion underneath the trunk on the spare wheel well, but there's always potential for more and an on-lift inspection would be ideal. One AlfaBB commentor notes that the blue and red wheel center emblems should be black and silver, and another notes that the modern black wipers are incorrect as well—both easy fixes.
The interior looks quite decent with an uncracked dash, good door cards and nice upholstery, but like the exterior a few areas could benefit from detailing. Small holes on either seat's outer bolsters are a bit odd, as are a seemingly deleted hazard flasher button. The seller incorrectly identifies the wood-rimmed steering wheel as a rare option, when in fact they were standard fit for all Montreals. Carpet is also incorrect, but we're mostly nitpicking. Gauges are said to be fully functional, and the 48,900 shown on the odometer is thought to be correct.
Maintenance records aren't detailed, but the car is said to run, shift, steer, and brake well, though the seller suggests the lines could stand to be bled. It's frustrating to read it will need a new battery, as we wouldn't think of selling a $10,000 car without a replacement let alone one whose starting price is six times that amount. Though an early 1971 model, the car is titled as a 1967, the seller citing old import laws necessitating paperwork backdating— we'd definitely look deeper into that before committing to a bid.
Though not in the same league as the cars cited within the ad that have recently changed hands for six figures, it doesn't appear to be a hapless beater either, and despite its issues, this one may qualify as good buy depending on how bids go.
CLOSE Two transgender women filed suit Thursday against Iowa over its ban on Medicaid coverage for transition-related medical services such as sex-reassignment surgery. Zach Boyden-Holmes/The Register
Buy Photo Justice (Photo: The Register)Buy Photo
Two transgender women are suing the Iowa Department of Human Services, saying the agency's ban on Medicaid coverage for transition-related medical services such as sex-reassignment surgery is illegal and unconstitutional.
In their challenge of the Human Services rule, the women — Carol Ann Beal of northwest Iowa and EerieAnna Good of the Quad Cities — argue that the state's Medicaid ban violates patients' rights to equal protection under the law as promised by the Iowa state constitution and the Iowa Civil Rights Act.
“As the result of this sweeping exclusion, all surgical treatments for gender dysphoria are excluded from coverage, even though the same or substantially equivalent treatments are provided to non-transgender Iowans,” said Rita Bettis, legal director of the ACLU of Iowa, which is representing the woman.
Gender dysphoria is the medical term for feeling that one's inner masculinity or femininity is incongruent with his or her biological sex.
Human Services declined to address Thursday's filing, saying the department doesn't comment on pending litigation.
Bettis pointed to mastectomies as an example of the inherent unfairness of the ban.
The same breast-removal surgery that is covered under cancer treatment is banned as a treatment for gender dysphoria, even if doctors in both cases deem the surgery to be "medically necessary."
The administrative code governing Medicaid in Iowa classifies transition-related surgeries as “cosmetic, reconstructive or plastic surgery” and explicitly bans “surgeries for the purpose of sex reassignment.”
The code goes on to specifically exclude some operations, including “breast augmentation mammoplasty, surgical insertion of prosthetic testicles, penile implant procedures” and any “procedures related to transsexualism, hermaphroditism, gender identity disorders or body dysmorphic disorders.”
Gender identity — or the gender a person identifies as, no matter what sex organs the individual was born with — and sexual orientation were added to the Iowa Civil Rights Act as protected classes in 2007.
Under the statute, transgender Iowans have legal protections against discrimination in education, employment, housing and public accommodations. The ACLU's lawsuit will challenge the Medicaid ban under the public accommodations provision.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Beal, one of the plaintiffs in the case, said she was nervous to speak during Thursday's afternoon press conference.
Reading a prepared statement, Beal said she has known since she was 5 that she's female, despite being born with male genitalia. She said she started taking hormones at 14 and has lived as a woman since then.
She is currently working toward a bachelor's degree in public health and epidemiology, she said, and both her family and her spouse are supporting her through this litigation.
“You go through so many years transitioning, and now I hit a brick wall with Iowa's discriminatory ban on Medicaid coverage for transition-related care,” Beal said. “It has caused me stress and depression and affects every aspect of my life.
"But I remain determined to change this outdated law and move forward with my life.”
Medical necessity
The question of the medical necessity of many of these procedures often lies at the heart of conversations about transition-related care.
Dr. Joe Freund, who is one of the most sought transition doctors in the state, strongly believes that medical intervention, including surgeries, can be necessary for some transgender patients.
Without these surgeries, transgender patients can experience extreme depression and anxiety and may have suicidal thoughts.
“There is a tremendous amount of damage that is done to someone when their body does not match who they are,” Freund said. “People don't understand how very important this is. … It is costing people their lives.”
He also cautioned that not every transgender person wants surgery. Transitioning is a spectrum, and some patients find alignment with their inner and outer selves simply by dressing in gender-specific clothing.
For some patients, hormone-replacement therapy is enough, while other patients need surgery to make themselves whole, he said.
“Number one, where else are we asking any other group of people to prove that their medical need is necessary to get addressed,” he said. This “should be something between a physician and a patient."
When prescribed by a doctor, all forms of transition-care, including surgeries, are recommended by most professional medical organizations, including the American Medical Association, the American Psychological Association and the American Psychiatric Association.
Tabulating the cost of transition is difficult because of the variation of care needed or desired, but the Philadelphia Center for Transgender Surgery prices the full suite of procedures for both transgender women and transgender men at more than $100,000.
However, single surgeries cost much less. For example, a vaginoplasty, the creation of a vagina, or a phalloplasty, the creation of a penis, costs about $20,000.
Despite what could be considered high costs, transgender people make up a relativity small portion of the national population. One estimate found about 0.3 percent of the total population, or about 964,000 people nationally and 9,300 in Iowa, identify as transgender, according to The Williams Institute, a think tank at UCLA's law school.
“I'm passionate about this because I have lost patients to suicide because of their inability to get care they have needed,” Freund said, “and I will do whatever I need to help people get the care they need (to) get to that person that they know they are.”
A full docket
Beal and Good's lawsuit is one of several transgender-rights cases that the ACLU of Iowa has publicized over the last year.
Seeking equal rights for transgender individuals is "a priority" for the organization, Bettis said, because it "goes right to the heart of the ACLU's mission."
In November, the organization announced a successful negotiation with Amerigroup, a Medicaid manager, to cover the breast-removal surgery of Iowan Andrew Evans.
However, that settlement had more to do with an administrative issue within Amerigroup than with the question of whether the surgery was medically necessary.
After being denied for breast-removal surgery, Evans and his doctor appealed. Amerigroup missed the legal deadline to deny that appeal, meaning it had to cover the surgery.
In August, the ACLU of Iowa filed a workplace discrimination suit on behalf of Jesse Vroegh, a former prison nurse, alleging he was denied access to the men's restrooms and locker rooms and treated differently than other male employees because he is transgender.
Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield also is named in that suit because the company denied Vroegh transition-related care.
Some conservative and religious groups, including The Family Leader, opposed the addition of gender identity and sexual orientation as protected classes to the Iowa Civil Rights Act in 2007.
The Family Leader remains opposed to those classes' inclusion and would like the Medicaid exclusions to remain in place, according to previous Register reporting.
“Gender identity is ambiguous, limitless, undefinable and changeable,” Drew Zahn, the Family Leader's communications director, said during the Register's Trans in Iowa series last year. “Creating protected classes based on a person's feelings creates confusion in all areas and undermines other protections.”
Beal, who nodded in agreement with much of what Dr. Freund and Bettis said, believes her medical care should be a private issue. She never wanted the spotlight, but “someone needs to be the trailblazer here,” she said.
And she's standing up now so that younger people won't have to deal with the inability to pay for their needed surgeries in the future.
“I look forward to the day when someone needing to get the transition-related medical care they need isn't in the news because they had to go to court to fight for this,” she said.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2xkDWq0
Trump's executive order signed Friday amends emergency powers signed by President George W. Bush after the terrorist attacks on September 11. Last month, Trump extended the post-9/11 emergency powers.
According to the Pentagon, the Air Force is currently short by about 1,500 pilots.
"This is a national pilot crisis, not just a military crisis or an Air Force crisis," Brig. Gen. Mike Koscheski, the Air Force's Aircrew Crisis Task Force director, told CNBC in an interview last week. "The Air Force is partnering with industry to look for ways to just increase pilot production overall...because that's going to be in the interest of the country — not just the military."
Other branches of the U.S. military also need more pilots, including the Navy, and the executive order signed Friday could be used later to help address those challenges.
Friday's executive order gives Defense Secretary James Mattis "additional authorities to recall retired aviation officers regardless of certain limitations on status, period of service, and numbers to mitigate the Air Force's acute shortage of pilots," Ross said.
Even before the presidential order, the Air Force was able to rehire up to 25 retired officers under what's known as the Voluntary Retired Return to Active Duty program and bring them back to active duty in critical aviation-related staff positions. Trump's executive action, though, allows the Air Force to temporarily exceed the limit of 25 rehires.
The military's pilot shortage crisis has been compounded by pilot shortages in the commercial airline industry, which offers aggressive pay. Also, the pilot shortage isn't limited to the U.S. but is a worldwide problem expected to continue for years to come.
Between 2017 and 2036, the world's commercial aviation industry will need 637,000 new commercial airline pilots, according to a Boeing forecast released in July. U.S. pilots have a mandatory retirement age of 65, and the shortage of pilots poses a serious challenge particularly for regional airlines.
The Air Force is responding to the pilot shortage with various incentive programs to keep officers in uniform longer, including "a 100 percent promotion opportunity" program launching later this year. There's also an aviator retention pay bonus worth up to $350,000 over a 10-year term.
Still, pay isn't always a deciding factor for pilots to leave the military. Family considerations and longer deployments also factor into decisions.
Koscheski said the military has increasingly offered retention initiatives that focus on work-life balance and quality of life.
"We're looking to provide more time for the air crew member to have with their family and some work time at home," he said, before cautioning that "there are limits to that based on mission requirements."
Scandal-scarred Sen. John Ensign (R-NV) may have hoped resigning would keep quiet unsavory details and new charges surrounding his affair with a top staffer's wife, but he's not off the hook yet.
The Senate Ethics Committee issued a rare statement Friday signaling it would continue its investigation of Ensign's affair and steps he took to keep it quiet despite having formally resigned his Senate seat. Sens. Barbara Boxer (D-CA) and Johnny Isakson (R-GA), the top Democrat and Republican on the panel respectively, said his resignation is “appropriate” and indicated they would wrap up work on the probe as soon as possible.
“The Senate Ethics Committee has worked diligently for nearly 22 months on this matter and will complete its work in a timely fashion,” they said in the statement.There was no indication of just how thoroughly the panel would pursue the case with Ensign gone or whether they would wrap up what they have already found and issue a report before his departure date of May 3.
Usually ethics committee investigations, as well as Justice Department criminal probes of lawmakers, come to a screeching halt when members of Congress resign.
Members of the ethics committees in the House and Senate have sometimes claimed they technically no longer have jurisdiction over the former lawmakers' activities once they leave office. But ethics experts say those explanations have served as convenient excuses for members of ethics panels, who normally dislike policing their peers, to let it die and prevent the panel from having to take a stand on the alleged violations one way or the other.
Meredith McGehee, the policy director of the Campaign Legal Center, said she hopes the Ethics Committee will continue thoroughly investigating the Ensign case and devote as much time as needed to it. In February the panel announced the hiring of a special counsel to probe the matter in order to prevent personal conflicts-of-interest among senators on the ethics committee from getting in the way of the case.
“I hope they do,” McGehee tells TPM. “Otherwise, this whole affair would just have been swept under the carpet. There is a need to get accurate information out there about what happened and I hope they will indeed issue a final report.”
The case should also serve as a reminder, McGeehee said, that the Senate refused to establish its own outside ethics investigative office, unlike the House, which formed the independent Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE) three years ago to try to better police members' behavior.
“The Senate still needs a routine way to investigate matters expeditiously and with credibility,” she continued. “While outside or special counsel can be useful, that's such a high bar to hurdle that it becomes a decision point.”
Ensign, 53, announced late Thursday afternoon that he would leave the Senate entirely on May 3, citing “wear and tear on this family.” He previously had said he would not seek reelection.
The resignation is two years in the making. In the summer of 2009, Ensign acknowledged having had an affair with the Cynthia Hampton, the wife of one of his top aides, Doug Hampton. She served as a staffer for the Ensign campaign. Formal accusations and charges have focused on the great lengths — and potentially illegal steps — Ensign took to keep the affair quiet, including having his parents (wealthy Las Vegas casino owners) pay the Hampton $96,000 in hush money.
Ensign was also accused of knowingly helping Doug Hampton violate the one-year lobbying ban by helping him set up a short-lived career on K Street.
The resignation also comes nearly one month after federal prosecutors charged Doug Hampton with seven counts of violating conflict-of-interest laws. In December Ensign said the Justice Department had told him he was no longer a target in its probe, but shortly after the Ethics Committee's hiring of a special counsel to continue its investigation, Ensign said he would retire instead of seeking reelection.
The Federal Election Commission said the $96,000 payments did not violate campaign-finance law because they were paid in installments to the Hamptons and their children in amounts allowed under U.S. tax law.
Still insisting he did nothing wrong, Ensign Thursday afternoon said he decided it was time to go after the Ethics Committee named a special prosecutor to continue looking into the matter, even though he believed the Justice Department had dropped its case and the FEC has dismissed the accusations against him.
“I was hopeful that, with the closure of these investigations against me, the wear and tear on my family would soon be over. This was not the case,” he said.
“As is its right, the Senate Ethics Committee is continuing its investigation of issues into which it has been inquiring for the past year and a half,” he continued. “Indeed, the committee even decided recently to devote more resources to its investigation by hiring an outside counsel, even though the issues have been viewed and reviewed by so many others.”
In his statement, Ensign said that he could no longer deal with the Ethics Committee's intense scrutiny of the affair and the ethical issues.
“While I stand behind my firm belief that I have not violated any law, rule, or standard of conduct of the Senate, and I have fought to prove this publicly, I will not continue to subject my family, my constituents, or the Senate to any further rounds of investigation, depositions, drawn out proceedings, or, especially public hearings,” he said.
Ryan J. Reilly contributed to this report.
When she first started working at the police station, Nawwal's male colleagues gave her strange looks, and kept their distance. She and her female colleague often sat alone, excluded from the men.
At 29 years old, Nawwal is among the first female graduates of the police academy in Syria's coastal Latakia province, becoming an officer last month. Today, she takes fingerprints and writes up reports, in the hopes of gaining experience for more dangerous duties outside the police station.
Nawwal never planned on becoming a police officer. Once a private Arabic tutor, she says the wartime economy pushed her to join a field dominated by men—even in Latakia, a regime-held bastion insulated from the war's most intense fighting. But skyrocketing prices meant Nawwal's father could no longer support his wife and three daughters alone.
“At first it was just for the monthly salary and stable work,” she tells Syria Direct's Mohammad al-Haj Ali. “I'm helping my family get by.”
Latakia city in May. Photo courtesy of Latakia News Network.
Only a small percentage of Syrian women held jobs before the war. In 2016, statistics show, only 12 percent of Syrian women were employed, according to the most recent World Bank count.
But those who are employed are changing attitudes, Nawwal observes.
“The people around me find it strange that I chose this job,” she says. “But now I think they are starting to get used to it.”
Q: What has the general response been from your family and friends to you working as a police officer?
There is some disapproval from society towards this line of work. It took a long time to convince my family that this was the right choice, because they kept telling me that this was something new, something that a woman can't handle. They were also scared for me, as the job can be dangerous.
But over time, I repeatedly told them that women now have a new role in Syria. Our financial situation also persuaded them. Now that I'm working and they see that I enjoy the work, they are more convinced.
The people around me find it strange that I chose this job, because [they think] it is a man's job. But now I think they are starting to get used to it.
Q: Are female police officers a new phenomenon in Latakia?
Yes, this is something new, but in Syrian society, women can work in all sectors—as a waitress in a restaurant, a saleswoman in a store and many other jobs. With time I think society will grow accustomed [to female police officers].
There are many professions that i used to consider male only: taxi driver, bus driver, or working in sanitation. But now everything is changing, and women are working in all fields.
Q: Do you think seven years of war have pushed women to pursue traditionally male-dominated fields?
Yes, absolutely. With all the hardships that people are going through, I've started seeing women taking on most professions. Now women are working in the military with the National Defense Forces, and in restaurants and cafes. Whereas before there were very few female employees, today you don't see any restaurant without a woman working there.
This is something that can serve the country in the future because we will be able to use the potential of everyone's [work] experience and expertise.
Q: You're now one month into your job as a policewoman. How do your male colleagues treat you?
In the beginning, there was discrimination from some of the police officers in the station. They would look at me and my female colleague as if we were strange. Most of the time the two of us would sit alone.
But now, things have improved somewhat, and only a few among [my male colleagues] don't want to accept us. However, this issue never really had an impact on my morale.
Q: What kinds of duties are you typically in charge of as a policewoman?
Right now I'm working in a police station in Latakia city. My duties for the time being are limited to writing reports and confessions taken from civilians who have been arrested. This includes people arrested on charges of theft and other crimes. I also collect fingerprints from the administrative employees.
In the future it's possible that I could have other duties, like patrolling outside of the police station or arresting people. But work here is in stages, so that I can get accustomed to the job and gain experience before doing more dangerous duties.
Q: What made you decide to become a police officer right now? Before the war, did you ever imagine you would work as a policewoman?
At first it was just for the monthly salary and stable work. But when I went through my six-month training, I started to actually enjoy it. I will try to challenge myself in this job and achieve the highest rank I can.
I think that my country urgently needs everyone right now to defend against terrorism.
This job is important to me for two reasons: first, I'm helping my family get by, especially now that prices are rising across the country. My family is going through a tough financial situation right now and my father is unable to bear the burden of paying for our needs.
Second, I am helping my country and its people by pursuing criminals and thieves, who are taking advantage of the current security situation.
Pinus radiata, family Pinaceae, the Monterey pine,[2] insignis pine[3] or radiata pine, is a species of pine native to the Central Coast of California and Mexico (Guadalupe Island and Cedros island).
P. radiata is a versatile, fast-growing, medium-density softwood, suitable for a wide range of uses.[4] Its silviculture is highly developed, and is built on a firm foundation of over a century of research, observation and practice.[4] It is often considered a model for growers of other plantation species.[4] It is the most widely planted pine in the world, valued for rapid growth and desirable lumber and pulp qualities.
Although P. radiata is extensively cultivated as a plantation timber in many temperate parts of the world,[5] it faces serious threats in its natural range.[6]
Distribution [ edit ]
It is native to three very limited areas located in Santa Cruz, Monterey Peninsula, and San Luis Obispo Counties. It is also found as the variety Pinus radiata var. binata or Guadalupe pine on Guadalupe Island, and a possibly separable P. radiata var./subsp. cedrosensis on Cedros Island, both in the Pacific Ocean off the west coast of the northern Baja California Peninsula in Mexico.
In Australia, New Zealand, and Spain it is the leading introduced tree[7] and in Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Kenya, and South Africa it is a major plantation species. It is also an introduced tree on the world's most remote inhabited island, Tristan da Cunha.
Description [ edit ]
P. radiata is a coniferous evergreen tree growing to 15–30 m (50–100 ft) tall in the wild, but up to 60 m (200 ft) in cultivation in optimum conditions, with upward pointing branches and a rounded top. The leaves ("needles") are bright green, in clusters of three (two in var. binata), slender, 8–15 cm (3–6 in) long and with a blunt tip. The cones are 7–17 cm (3–6 1⁄ 2 in) long, brown, ovoid (egg-shaped), and usually set asymmetrically on a branch, attached at an oblique angle. The bark is fissured and dark grey to brown.
It is closely related to bishop pine and knobcone pine, hybridizing readily with both species; it is distinguished from the former by needles in threes (not pairs), and from both by the cones not having a sharp spine on the scales.
The modern tree is vastly different from the native tree of Monterey.[8] In plantations the tree is commonly planted at 4×4 m spacing on a wide variety of landscapes from flat to moderately steep hills.[8] Because of selective breeding and more recently the extensive use of growth factor seedlings, forests planted since the 1990s are of superior wood with very straight tall trunks without the problem of twin leaders.[8] The trees are pruned in 3 lifts so that the lower 2/3 of a mature tree is free of branches and hence of knots.[8]
Ecology [ edit ]
P. radiata is adapted to cope with stand-killing fire disturbance. Its cones are serotinous, i.e. they remain closed until opened by the heat of a forest fire; the abundant seeds are then discharged to regenerate on the burned forest floor. The cones may also burst open in hot weather.[9]
In its native range, P. radiata is associated with characteristic flora and fauna. It is the co-dominant canopy tree, together with Cupressus macrocarpa, which naturally occurs only in coastal Monterey County.[10] Furthermore, one of the pine forests in Monterey, California, was the discovery site for Hickman's potentilla, an endangered species. Piperia yadonii, a rare species of orchid, is endemic to the same pine forest adjacent to Pebble Beach. In its native range, P. radiata is a principal host for the dwarf mistletoe Arceuthobium littorum.[11]
A remnant P. radiata stand in Pacific Grove is a prime wintering habitat of the monarch butterfly.[12]
In South Africa, the tree is a threat to already scarce water resources.[13] The tree has remarkable roots. Monterey pine roots will reach downward as far as physically permitted by subterranean conditions. Roots have been discovered up to 12 meters (39 ft) long. Efforts to remove large quantities of the non-native tree in areas of South Africa have resulted in significant increases in accessible water.[13]
Conservation status [ edit ]
Fungal disease [ edit ]
The three remaining wild stands of var. radiata (Monterey pine proper) are infected and under threat of extirpation from pine pitch canker caused by Fusarium circinatum, a fungal disease native to the southeast United States and found (in 1986) to have been introduced to California. When trees begin to die of the disease, they attract bark beetles which provide a pathway for infection of other trees. In some stands, 80–90% of trees are infected. If the disease is introduced in agroforestry areas dependent upon P. radiata, such as New Zealand, it could have catastrophic effects in those countries as well.[5]
Sphaeropsis blight (Diplodia pinea) infects P. radiata in California and causes serious damage to plantations of the species in New Zealand, Australia and South Africa,[15] especially after hail damage to growing tips.
Baja California [ edit ]
On Guadalupe Island, var. binata is critically endangered. Most of the population was destroyed as tens of thousands of feral goats ate binata seedlings and caused soil erosion from the mid-19th century until just a few years ago. The older trees gradually died off until by 2001–2002 the population stood at only one hundred. With a program to remove the goats essentially complete by 2005, hundreds of young Guadalupe pines have started to grow up in habitat fenced after 2001, the first significant new growth in about 150 years. Possible accidental introduction of pine pitch canker is considered the biggest threat at present to the survival of the Guadalupe Island pine population.[16] The University of California's Russell Reservation forestry research station hosts an orchard planted with 73 P. radiata seedlings from Guadalupe Island and plays an important role in conserving the binata variety.[17]
Cultivation [ edit ]
Australia [ edit ]
P. radiata was introduced to Australia in the 1870s. It is "the dominant tree species in the Australian plantation estate"[18] – so much so that many Australians are concerned by the resulting loss of native wildlife habitat. The species is widely regarded as an environmental weed across southeastern and southwestern Australia[19] and the removal of individual plants beyond plantations is encouraged.[20] In Sydney, there is a forest of introduced Monterey Pine trees in Prospect Hill, in the suburb of Pemulwuy (pictured).[21]
Chile [ edit ]
P. radiata has greatly replaced the Valdivian temperate rain forests, where vast plantations have been planted for timber, again displacing the native forests.[22] In 2001, this species produced 5,580,724 cubic meters of lumber, or 95% of Chile's total lumber production.[23]
New Zealand [ edit ]
The Monterey pine (always called Pinus radiata in New Zealand) was first introduced into New Zealand in 1859[24][25] and today 89% of the country's plantation forests are of this species.[26] This includes the Kaingaroa Forest (on the central plateau of the North Island), which is one of the largest planted forests in the world. Mass plantings became common from 1900 in the Rotorua area where prison labour was used. In some areas it is considered an invasive species (termed a wilding conifer or more commonly wilding pine) where it has escaped from plantations. It is the most extensively used wood in New Zealand.
Use of pine in construction did not become widespread until forced by wartime shortages. It had been used in Southland from about 1920,[27] but doubts were being expressed about it as late as 1945,[28] when at least one MP considered it only suitable for interior studding.[29] Experiments in pressure treatment with water-soluble preservatives were made from 1943.[30]
Spain [ edit ]
In the Iberian Peninsula since the nineteenth century they have been introduced mainly in the north area in order to take advantage of their wood for the manufacture of paper pulp and for shoring work in coal mines. It is found in low altitude areas of the Autonomous Communities of Galicia, Asturias, Cantabria, the Basque Country, and in the north of the Canary Islands.
P. radiata forests have a negative effect on local ecology. In its plantations there are usually no other tree species, while its shady undergrowth does not allow the existence of a rich stratum of scrub. 13% of the wood cut annually in Spain comes from this pine.[31]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
The cultivar P. radiata (Aurea Group) ‘Aurea' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.[32][33]
United States [ edit ]
P. radiata is widely used in private gardens and public landscapes in temperate California, and similar climates around the world. It is particularly commonly grown as a landscape tree in coastal areas of California outside of its native range, where the climate is virtually identical to its native range. It is fast-growing and adaptable to a broad range of soil types and climates, though it does not tolerate temperatures below about −15 °C (5 °F). Its fast growth makes it ideal for landscapes and forestry; in a good situation, P. radiata can reach its full height in 40 years or so.
Uses [ edit ]
As timber P. radiata is suitable for a wide variety of uses,[34] and has a resinous fragrance while being worked.[35] It holds screws and nails well and takes paint and stain without difficulty, and modern kiln dried timber is very easy to work.[36] It is about 1/3 heavier than dried western red cedar. It is brittle when bent, so does not have the same load-bearing features as Oregon pine (Douglas fir, Pseudotsuga).
P. radiata is used in house construction as weatherboards, posts, beams or plywood, in fencing, retaining walls, for concrete formers. It is also used to a limited extent in boat building where untreated ply is sometimes used, but must be encased in epoxy resin to exclude moisture.
The wood is normally kiln dried to 12% moisture in 6 m (20 ft) long, clear lengths. It is available treated with a range of chemical salts, or untreated. Chemical salt treatment is well proven and such timber is frequently used in the ground as posts and poles as part of structures such as retaining walls and pole houses. The name applied to this treatment is tanalized wood. H1 and H2 treatment is suited to indoor use. H3 is the standard house timber and this grade is used for fence palings. H4 and H5 are the standard for inground use. In New Zealand a 1995 change to no longer require boron treatment in house framing timber,[37] was a key factor in the leaky homes crisis,[38] but since 2003 a series of changes have now improved the regulations.[39]
Lower grade timber is converted to pulp to make newsprint.[40] Higher grade timber is used in house construction. P. radiata is used chipped to make particle board sheets, commonly used in flooring. Other sheet products are hardboard, softboard and ply. Most ply is structural and available in 7–22 mm sizes. A small amount of higher grade ply is used to produce thinner (4 and 7 mm) ply suitable for furniture, cabinet work and boat building. This is knot and crack free and glued with resorcinol waterproof glue. Since the 1990s finger jointed joinery-grade wood has become available in up to 6 m lengths in a wide range of profiles.
In 1958, New Zealand boat designer Des Townson started building 186 eleven-foot, cold-moulded Zephyr-class dinghies, using P. radiata. In 2011 these hand-built boats fetched very high prices and were generally in excellent condition.
The bark is also used as a substrate for potting and re-potting orchids.
P. radiata is the most common species of Christmas tree in Australia and New Zealand.
References [ edit ]
CLOSE Vice President Mike Pence says the Islamic State is guilty of 'nothing short of genocide against people of the Christian faith'. (May 11) AP
Vice President Pence addresses the World Summit in Defense of Persecuted Christians hosted by Franklin Graham and the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association on May 11, 2017. (Photo: Cliff Owen, AP)
Vice President Pence said Thursday that the reign of terror carried out by the Islamic State militant group should be labeled "genocide" against Christians.
"I believe that ISIS is guilty of nothing short of genocide against people of the Christian faith, and it is time for the world to call it by name," Pence said at a speech to the World Summit in Defense of Persecuted Christians, hosted by the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association.
"In Iraq at the hands of extremists, we have actually seen monasteries demolished, priests and monks beheaded, and the two-millennia-old Christian tradition in Mosul virtually extinguished overnight," Pence said. "In Syria, we see ancient communities burned to the ground, we see believers tortured for confessing Christ and women and children sold into the most terrible form of human slavery."
Pence said that radical Islamic terror groups also persecute members of other non-Christian faiths and even Muslims who do not share their version of Islam.
But "the practitioners of terror harbor a special hatred for the followers of Christ, and none more so than the barbarians known as ISIS," he said.
"Know today with assurance that President Trump sees these crimes for what they are: vile acts of persecution animated by hatred for the gospel of Christ," he said.
Vice President Pence speaks with Franklin Graham after addressing the World Summit in Defense of Persecuted Christians on May 11, 2017. (Photo: Cliff Owen, AP)
Pence also promised that the Trump administration will act to protect religions freedom — for both Christians and non-Christians — around the world.
"Since the founding of our nation, America has stood for the proposition that the right to believe and the right to act on one's beliefs is the right of all people at all times," the vice president said. "Protecting and promoting religious freedom is a foreign policy priority of the Trump administration.
Trump has been criticized for his willingness to embrace dictators who abuse human rights, including Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi. Coptic Christians in Egypt have long been persecuted, and in April, ISIS claimed credit for bombing two Coptic Christian churches in the country.
The Rev. Franklin Graham, who organized the summit to bring attention to Christians persecuted worldwide, shrugged off that criticism in an interview. "We are a democracy but not all the world is going to be able to embrace democracy. You just have to deal with the leaders who are there and work with them," Graham said.
"You want to try to persuade leaders that have a different opinion," Graham said. "You want to try to persuade them to your point of view." Trump, Graham said, may be uniquely able to pursue that kind of persuasion because of his skills as a communicator and a negotiator.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2pC8AWz
Less than five months before the controversial Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act comes up for reauthorization, House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) claimed without evidence on Thursday that secret government surveillance, authorized by FISA, helped stop an alleged plot to bomb and shoot up the U.S. Capitol—a version of events at odds with FBI's description of the case.
"We would have never known about this had it not been for the FISA program and our ability to collect information on people who pose an imminent threat," Boehner said at a press conference in Hershey, Pennsylvania, where Senate and House Republicans were gathered for a two-day policy retreat.
The FBI claims that an informant led them to 20-year-old Christopher Lee Cornell, who was arrested in Ohio on Wednesday for alleged threats to attack the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C. In its affidavit released Wednesday, the Bureau said the informant—working under threat of criminal prosecution and with the guidance of government agents—told them that Cornell had posted videos and comments on Twitter supporting ISIS and violent jihad.
But according to The Washington Times, "Mr. Boehner said that wasn't the complete story. He wouldn't go into details, saying only that 'we'll let the whole story roll out there'."
The recently re-elected Speaker said lawmakers need to keep the plot in mind as they decide what to do with the FISA provisions, used in secret by the National Security Agency to justify the bulk collection of all U.S. phone records, which are set to expire on June 1, 2015.
Critics of FISA were quick to push back against Boehner's claims.
FISA is an unjustified invasion of privacy. Boehner claims FISA stopped an attack, when in reality the plans were posted on social media. — Fight for the Future (@fightfortheftr) January 15, 2015
"I'm going to say this one more time because you're going to hear about it for months and months to come as we attempt to reauthorize the FISA program," Boehner said. "Our government does not spy on Americans—unless they are Americans who are doing things that frankly tip off our law enforcement officials to an imminent threat. It was our law enforcement officials and those programs that helped us stop this person before he committed a heinous crime in our nation's capital."
Politico notes: "The FBI affidavit did not discuss any use of National Security Agency surveillance or FISA in the case, but it did not rule it out either."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
On Twitter, domestic surveillance expert Amie Stepanovich, senior policy counsel for the global digital rights group Access, called on Boehner to back up his statements.
Speaker Boehner should either provide support for his claim or withdraw it from the public record https://t.co/mlWD5Hf0eo — Amie Stepanovich (@astepanovich) January 15, 2015
And New York Times reporter Carl Hulse suggested Boehner's claim was politically opportunistic.
Speaker Boehner credits FISA with interrupting Capitol plot. Will cite to preserve authority for surveillance in Hill fight later this year. — carl hulse (@hillhulse) January 15, 2015
At the MaddowBlog, MSNBC contributor Steven Benen wrote:
I have no way of knowing what kind of sensitive information Boehner may have been given by intelligence officials about this case. Maybe FISA had something to do with this; maybe not.
A promising Canadian stroke drug has received a rare waiver of consent that allows Toronto paramedics to use the drug on patients without their permission.
Next January, the medication, called NA-1, will be administered intravenously to patients destined for Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, a major force in stroke care in the city. NoNO Inc., the privately funded company that makes the drug, has also applied for similar dispensation at hospitals in Peel Region and Vancouver, where clinical trials using EMS services will also take place next winter. It's a double-blinded experiment, meaning that there will be a placebo used as well.
The trial, called FRONTIER, will mark the first time in Canada that a stroke drug will be tried out on a large number of patients before they reach a hospital. Success could mean that for the first time since insulin, the country would be home to a blockbuster pharmaceutical. The risk in any pivotal trial is that there is no guarantee that a drug will be effective. Over the past two decades, more than a thousand stroke drugs have failed to show efficacy. In previous NA-1 trials involving mice, primates and a small number of humans, however, the intravenous drug demonstrated positive results and did not have any serious side effects on people.
Story continues below advertisement
Many view the exception granted by Sunnybrook's research ethics board last week as a watershed moment for Canadian research and emergency care. "It is a really, really big deal," said Merril Pauls, director of Ethics and the Humanities at University of Manitoba's Faculty of Medicine, where he is also an associate professor of emergency medicine. "It's very important that they go ahead with it. All the studies show many benefits with little risk."
NA-1 belongs to a class of drugs called neuroprotectants. Its unique proposition is that it inhibits the behaviour of PSD-95, a potentially insidious protein that, in the event of stroke, helps turns brain cells into a cesspool of lethal toxins.
A stroke kills two million cells a minute, and in the absence of intervention, the likelihood of a positive outcome decreases 10 to 20 per cent every half hour. In Canada, someone has a stroke every seven minutes, around 50,000 people a year – with a social cost of $3.6-billion per annum and an incalculable emotional, physical and financial toll on patients and families.
To date, only one medication is on the market, tPA, a clot-buster with a long list of disqualifiers. In Canada, it reaches only eight out of 100 patients. The lack of treatment options is one of several reasons ethicists feel it is important to proceed with NA-1, a complementary medication that would buy the brain time before the patient reaches the hospital and possible tPA treatment.
Referring to a critical Canadian research guideline called the Tri-Council Policy Statement, ethicists say the decision is justifiable on many levels, beginning with patient safety. Brain cells are dying at a ferocious rate, which means the need for swift intervention should trump consent. "The longer you wait, the more negative the outcome will be," explains Brian Murray, who is chair of Sunnybrook's research ethics board.
Aphasia, or the difficulty in articulation and comprehension as a result of stroke, also presents a challenge to consent. The guideline stipulates that patients who lack the ability to consent should not be unfairly excluded from the potential benefits of research.
Beyond the guideline, Dr. Murray emphasized that grounded medical research is imperative to the future of medicine, even if the outcome of the drug's effects on people is unknown. "If we don't make these exceptions, this kind of work would always be stymied," he said. "We'd still be using leeches."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Laurie Morrison, the trial's point-person between the hospital and EMS, says that while EMS can perform many interventions with cardiac issues, a paramedic can do little for stroke patients. "There's not much they can do except drive fast," said Dr. Morrison, the Robert and Dorothy Pitts Chair in Acute Care and Emergency Medicine at St. Michael's Hospital.
In the upcoming trial, which will involve 518 patients, the EMS team will consult with an on-call physician at Sunnybrook. After ascertaining that a stroke has taken place, they will inject the drug and then bring the patient to the hospital stroke centre. "It gives you goosebumps," Dr. Morrison said, "And in science, you don't get a lot of goosebumps."
Clarification: The original print version and an earlier online version of this article gave an incorrect title for Merril Pauls, director of Ethics and the Humanities at University of Manitoba's Faculty of Medicine, where he is also an associate professor of emergency medicine. This online version includes the change.
Russia's State Duma adopted Friday the third and final reading of a government bill that introduces a total ban on the cultivation and breeding in Russia of genetically modified (GM) plants and animals, except for scientific research purposes.
The Sate Duma has also given the Russian Government the right to prevent the import of products containing GMOs in to Russia, if it is revealed that a specific GMO has a negative impact on human health and/or the environment
Russia's Agriculture Minister, Alexander Tkachev, stated Friday; “The Ministry of Agriculture is strongly against GMOs, Russian products will remain clean.”
The initial first reading of the government bill was held in 2015 and this was followed by the second reading in the Sate Duma earlier this week. The additions in the final bill included the introduction of fines that will be placed on people or companies that violate the ban: a fine of 10,000-50,000 ($150-$750) rubles for individuals and 100,000-500,000 rubles for legal entities ($1,500-$7,500).7
The Russian Government has stood strong in the face of increasing pressure from U.S. biotech companies and they have also managed to see through the Russian pro-GMO forces' misleading claims and pseudoscience.
In December 2015, Russian President Vladimir Putin told the Russian Parliament that Russia should become the world's largest supplier of organic foods.
Also in 2015, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich stated that it is not necessary to use genetic modification to feed the world, at the 12th International ‘Science and Technology in Society (STS) forum' in Kyoto, Japan.
This strength shown by the Russian government was also shown early in 2016 when they dealt a huge blow to U.S. farmers, by banning all imports of U.S. soybeans and corn due to microbial and GMO contamination.
Sen. Jim DeMint and Jon Kyl would have you believe that its “sacrilegious” to hold so many votes around Christmas time. Not according to a number of Christian leaders, who harshly criticized the Republicans for invoking Christmas as an excuse to avoid votes.As we reported, Kyl (AZ) said this week that it's “impossible” to get through the Democrats' full lame duck agenda “without disrespecting one of the two holiest of holidays for Christians and the families of all of the Senate.” DeMint followed suit and called the “jamming” in the votes “sacrilegious.”
Burns Strider, previously the Senior Advisor and Director of Faith Outreach to then-Sen.-Hillary Clinton, wrote on the Huffington Post: “While American troops will be working through the Christmas holidays, putting their lives on the line for our safety and while millions of Christians prepare to celebrate the birth of the “Prince of Peace,” Senators Jon Kyl (R-AZ) and Jim DeMint (R-SC) brazenly choose to distort and manipulate this most holy of days for their own political means.”
Andrea Nill of Wonk Room reports that Pastor Troy Jackson, of the University Christian Church of Ohio, said he “didn't realize our elected officials had Christmas break like elementary and high school kids do.”
And then there's Rev. Jerry Dykstra, Executive Director of the Christian Reformed Church in North America, who told Wonk Room: “Jesus, who was a high respecter of the Sabbath — which was not simply a national or religious holiday, but was their day of complete rest in his own culture — said that on the Sabbath we need to do what is right. If doing what is right means that we have to work through a Christmas holiday, then by all means we work through a Christmas holiday.”
Controversial plans to build a US-style mega pig-farm in South Derbyshire close to a prison and residential housing pose serious health risks to those living and working there and could breach their legal rights to protection of their private and family life, the local council is being warned.
In the light of fresh legal advice, the organic farmers' group, the Soil Association and Friends of the Earth have joined forces with local group Foston Community Forum and Pig Business, film-makers and campaigners, to urge Derbyshire county council to refuse planning permission for the proposed development at Foston.
Their challenge – the first against the scheme under the Human Rights Act – is set out in a joint letter to the county council, stating that "planning authorities … have an obligation under the Human Rights Act 1998 to consider the effects of their decision on the human rights of affected third parties. The right to private and family life prevents not just physical incursions into the home or residence, but also interference from things such as noise, smell, emissions."
It goes on to say that the prison staff cannot avoid working close to the proposed development unless they resign from the jobs. The inmates of Foston Hall prison are not living in the area by choice, and clearly do not have the option of moving away if the development goes ahead. They will not be able to escape the risk to their health posed by the development, and the letter warns that allowing the pig factory to go ahead could also breach the inmates' right to be protected from inhumane treatment.
Midland Pig Producers (MPP) has applied for permission to build the farm – which could house up to 25,000 animals – on a greenfield site west of the historic village of Foston and adjoining a women's closed prison which houses up to 290 prisoners. If approved, it would become the third largest factory farm in the UK, sending more than 1,000 pigs to slaughter every week.
The legal letter also cites new research which shows that intensive pig factories of this kind can adversely affect the health of nearby residents. This has been confirmed by the government's Health Protection Agency (HPA), which says that those living within 150 metres of intensive pig farms "could be exposed to mutli-drug resistant organisms". The proposed development will be built within 150m of HMP Foston Hall - as well as within 75m of the nearest properties being planned for workers at the development site.
In November last year the project was dealt a major blow when Derbyshire district council refused to back it. The final decision – already delayed – will be taken at county council level although no date has yet been set for a meeting.
After an application for a mega-dairy in Lincolnshire by Nocton Dairies, which was later shelved, Foston has become the focus of a fierce fight over opposing visions for British farming. The Soil Association's concerns have been mainly about disease, antibiotic resistance and animal welfare in large pig herds.
But at an early stage the Foston battle took an unprecented twist involving libel law, when the Soil Assocation received a threatening letter from solicitors Carter-Ruck - acting for MPP – saying its objection was defamatory and should be withdrawn.
Peter Melchett, policy director of the Soil Association, said: "The objections to the pig factory at Foston are mounting all the time, because of the growing weight of new scientific evidence of real risks to the health of local people, and to the staff and inmates of the prison right next door to the proposed site. Now it seems that the legal rights of local people may also be infringed by the proposed development."
Victoria Martindale, representative of the Foston community forum, said: "As a medical professional I am concerned about the health risks that this proposal will bring to local residents. Those living in the closest vicinity to the proposed site include the most susceptible and at risk groups such as children, the elderly and individuals already with known respiratory and other diseases. It is not fair to expect the residents of Foston to go about their everyday lives while being forced to continuously breathe in air that will put their and their families' health at risk."
A Derbyshire county council spokesperson said: "We have had thousands of views during the consultation and have had to look at and consider them. Following this, we have sent out for additional information from some agencies and are awaiting that. When this comes in we shall have to consider this and ensure we have all the information we need before compiling the report for the committee to consider."
MPP was contacted by the Guardian but has not issued a response to the letter.
• An MPP spokeswoman provided the following response after this article was published: "Once again, the situation is being distorted. While we have never expected people who don't eat meat to support our plans, we have repeatedly suggested that reading the information contained within the planning application will help to calm concerns. In our view there isn't any undue risk to local residents, including residents of HMP Foston. Disease is controlled by good standards of hygiene, welfare and management systems, not size. As the plans show, the entire farm will be a high health unit operating to the highest levels of bio-security to minimise the risk of disease entering the farm or indeed leaving it."
One of the outstanding outside backs of his generation, Toyota Cowboys centre Brent Tate, has today announced his retirement from rugby league.
The 32-year-old was contracted to North Queensland for the 2015 NRL season, but said the latest serious knee injury of his career had forced him to bring forward his retirement date.
Tate hasn't played since rupturing his ACL playing for Queensland in game two of the State of Origin series in June – the fourth time he has been unlucky enough to be sidelined by an ACL tear.
He will be honoured for his contribution to the Cowboys over the past four years, and rugby league in general, with a lap of honour at North Queensland's round 26 NRL clash with Manly at 1300SMILES Stadium in Townsville on Saturday night.
Tate achieved just about everything there is to achieve in rugby league, including playing in State of Origin, grand final and World Cup winning teams.
Despite his injury setbacks, his 14-year career featured 229 matches, including 67 for the Cowboys who he has helped to finals football in each of his four seasons.
“On the advice from the specialist, I've had to decide to stop playing rugby league which is unfortunate but necessary if I want to enjoy my post-football life,” Tate said.
“When you have young kids, there's more to think about than just playing footy and I want to have the best chance of enjoying my life with them.
“I'm really grateful to have had the career I've had and will always cherish the experiences and opportunities that rugby league, and playing for three great clubs as well as my state and country, has given me.
“There's part of me that's sad I won't be playing anymore, but there's a part of me that's excited to experience something else.
“I'd like to sincerely thank my family first and foremost, all the players and coaching staff that I've been in contact with throughout my career and all the members and fans who have supported me over such a long period.”
Cowboys CEO Peter Jourdain said Tate would remain at the Cowboys, working in the commercial area.
“Brent's record as a footballer at club and representative levels is outstanding even before you consider the setbacks he had to overcome to achieve everything that he did,” Mr Jourdain said.
“The courage and determination he showed to always get his mind and body right after serious injury was exemplary.
“In the four years he's had at the Cowboys, we've seen all that makes him such a great player and person.”
Tate's time at the Cowboys included winning the Members' Player of the Year Award in 2013, being a finalist in the Ken Stephen Medal and, this year, earning selection in the RLPA/NRL Academic Team of the Year.
“One of the best decisions I ever made was deciding to come to North Queensland,” he said.
“We've loved our time in Townsville and it's great that it's going to continue after football.”
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
NRL debut: Brisbane v Melbourne, round 21 - 2001
Cowboys debut: NQ v Wests Tigers, round 19 - 2011
NRL games: 229
NRL tries: 81
• 26 Tests for Australia (2002-13)
• 23 State of Origin matches for Queensland (2002-14)
• Premiership winner 2006
• 18 NRL finals games appearances
LucasArts confirmed that today that it had let some of its staff go – a response to an earlier rumor that it had fired 30 percent of its staff. In a statement to multiple publications a LucasArts representative said that it was reorganizing its development teams to address the “needs of the internal studio.”
The LucasArts representative would not discuss the actual number of employees let go or which departments they were cut from. Full and brief statement from LucasArts below:
“LucasArts is reorganizing its teams to better address the needs of the internal studio. Unfortunately, this means adjusting staffing. LucasArts continues to be committed to creating a first-class internal studio – and to fostering relationships with trusted external partners – in order to deliver quality games that amaze and inspire fans.”
We'll have more on this story as it develops. Source: GamePro
(Visited 48 times, 1 visits today)
The White House turned to mockery a day after Congress overrode a veto from President Obama about a 9/11-related bill, as top GOP leaders expressed buyer's remorse and vowed to fix the bill. Shawn Baldwin/AP
By ANDREW TAYLOR, Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House lashed out at Congress on Thursday, a day after Republicans and Democrats overwhelmingly overrode President Barack Obama's veto of a bill to allow families of the 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia. The White House turned to mockery as top GOP leaders expressed buyer's remorse and vowed to fix the bill.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell both said the measure, the only law enacted over Obama's veto in his eight years as president, needed repairs. McConnell said the law may have "unintended ramifications," while Ryan said "there may be some work to be done" to make sure it doesn't lead to U.S. service members overseas being sued.
MORE SENATE NEWS: Elizabeth Warren Blasts Education Department on Behalf of Corinthian Colleges Students ]
"Everybody was aware of whom the potential beneficiaries were but nobody really had focused on the downside in terms of our international relationships," McConnell told reporters at a Capitol Hill news conference.
The law gives victims' families the right to sue in U.S. court for any role that elements of the Saudi government may have played in the 2001 attacks. Courts would be permitted to waive a claim of foreign sovereign immunity when an act of terrorism occurred inside U.S. borders.
Supporters said the families of 9/11 victims should be able to pursue justice against Saudi Arabia for its alleged backing of the attackers. Fifteen of the 19 Sept. 11 hijackers were Saudis. Nearly 3,000 people in New York, the Washington, D.C., area, and Pennsylvania died in the terror attacks.
The White House had long raised concerns about the law, warning that it could have a chilling effect on Saudi Arabia's cooperation with the U.S. in fighting terrorism. Senior national security officials also argued that it could trigger lawsuits from people in other countries seeking redress for injuries or deaths caused by military actions in which the U.S. may have had a role.
But top lawmakers said the White House didn't press those warnings until it was too late and the popular bill was already barreling its way through Congress. Other lawmakers acknowledged that they didn't pay much attention to the bill.
That earned McConnell and others a scathing response from the White House, which said lawmakers didn't know what they were voting for.
"What's true in elementary school is true in the United States Congress: Ignorance is not an excuse," said spokesman Josh Earnest.
With enough blame for the White House and Congress to go around, both sides engaged in finger-pointing.
Earnest said the president had publicly discussed the bill's potential negative impact in April. The Senate passed the bill by voice vote in May. The president, administration officials and other national security experts wrote letters detailing concerns in recent weeks — though many of the letters came after the House backed the bill on Sept. 9.
"I think what we've seen in the United States Congress is a pretty classic case of rapid onset buyer's remorse," Earnest said.
McConnell, R-Ky., said the White House was too slow to warn about the "potential consequences" of the measure. Both the House and Senate overwhelmingly overrode Obama's veto of the measure on Wednesday.
McConnell said he told the president recently that the 9/11 victims bill "was an example of an issue that we should have talked about much earlier."
McConnell said the dynamic involving the bill — in which it picked up unstoppable election-year momentum — was what happens when there is "failure to communicate early about the potential consequences of a piece of legislation that was obviously very popular."
Other top Republicans and Democrats such as Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker, R-Tenn., are already working on proposed fixes to the law.
"We want to make sure that the 9/11 victims and their families have their day in court. At the same time, I would like to think there may be some work to be done to protect our service members overseas from any kind of — any kind of legal ensnarements that could occur, any kind of retribution," Ryan said.
In a statement, Saudi Arabia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it was their "hope that wisdom will prevail and that Congress will take the necessary steps to correct this legislation in order to avoid the serious unintended consequences that may ensue."
___
Associated Press writer Kathleen Hennessey contributed to this report.
Su-34
The plane Su-34 is produced by Russian Sukhoi aircraft corporation, weighs 45 t, carrying 8 tons of weapons with a maximum speed of Mach 1.8, with a ceiling of 18,000 m and a tactical radius of 4,000 km. Su-34 bombers have been tested in actual fighting in Syria, launching bombs and rockets directed by laser, infrared beams, TV, GPS. One of the conclusions drawn by Russian military experts, was to expand the capabilities of this aircraft ground attack missions, to replace the armored Su-25 planes, whose resource is running out.
Su-25
Russian military aviation has 100 planes Su-34, so that until 2022, when 100 Su-25 unmodernized and 150 Su-24 unmodernized, will be withdrawn from the endowment, the number of Su-34 will rise to reach 250.
In close support missions, the aircraft Su-34 should enter into range of portable surface to air missiles (MANPADS), anti-aircraft artillery caliber machine guns and small endowment land forces. To counter this, the Su-34 will need armor plates to protect the flight deck, engines, fuel tanks and flight control vital mainframe systems. Dome cabin and its front window must also armor. Armor plates will be made of titanium with a thickness of 15 to 30 mm, nylon coated with multilayer (which stop fragments resulting from the explosion). It must withstand armor-piercing projectiles or explosives over the caliber 23mm up to 57mm caliber.
Su-34 already has advanced equipment of electronic countermeasures against missile ground-to-air portable (MANPADS) systems and short-range missiles, guided by radar. It is composed of handset radiation L150 Pastel digital radar, jamming radio station components and laser self-protection KNIRTI (SPS-171 / L005S Sorbtsiya-S) launchers mounted on top of plans and traps heat APP-50.
Su-34
Armor design and testing of the Su-34 is nothing quite so difficult for Russians, since experience with Su-25's armor is successful one. Su-25 has a length of 15.5 m, 14.3 m span the height of 4.8 m, while the Su-34 has a length of 23.3 m, and its size of 14.7 m, a height of 6 m. Therefore, the armor of Su-34 will weigh 800 to 1000 kg, as opposed to that of Su-25 which has mass of 500 kg. The process will end in 2018 when a first group of 12 Russian Su-34 bombers will become operational for ground-attack missions.
Su-34 equipped with three additional tanks can fly 8 hours without fueling in the air. Another advantage for armored aircraft Su-34 is that it can find and discover for yourself targets on land or sea through research assignments, being mounted under the fuselage container M400 containing infrared sensors Raduga, panoramic rooms AP-403 and AP-404 plan -înclinate AK-108FM or container type M402 Pika SLAR (side-looking airborne radar). As an airplane bomber, Su-34 is best in aerial interdictions, that bombing from high altitudes, medium and large distances to supply routes and enemy troops in depth. During the bombing missions, the Su-34 can be used as a jamming platform to cover assault units striking, using jamming container L175V / KS418 equipped with DRFM (Digital RF Memory). One multifunction radar on board enables the discovery and classification of hunting enemy aircraft. For this purpose Su-34 is armed with long-range air-to-air missiles R-77, R 27 and R-73 short-range. After downing a Russian Su-24 aircraft to Syriaby Turkish F-16, Su-34 received air-to-air missiles.
The benefits of armored Su-34 are arising from the ability to develop long (up to two hours without feeding in air) at heights 8000-12000 m, where with the help of the sensors onboard, the pilot familiarize themselves with the tactical situation on ground or sea surface. During this time the pilot seeks permanent changes in the field, depending on who selects targets. Selecting and following of targets are done using electron-optical equipment Platan mounted Su-34 aircraft fuselage. It is equipped with a laser target marker which measures the distance to the target using a laser rangefinder precision.
The attack of ground targets is exersised from heights of 1000-3000 m, by bombs, air-ground missile with rocket blocks UB 16/32 cal. 57 mm (PRND) and GSH-30-1 cannon board, caliber 30 mm (1,800 projectiles cadence / min). The armored Su-34 will ensure extremely precise support for land forces fighting terrorist groups without causing collateral damage and risk being downed. If the situation in eastern Ukraine will deteriorate, armored Su-34 armored could become nightmare for Ukrainian army.
The need of a such of aircraft of ground support becomes a common one, although only the US and Russia each have one type of such aircraft. Lacking a new type of aircraft for close support, the Americans gave up their plan to remove 240 aircraft A-10 Thunderbolt II, 30-40 years old, extending them until 2028 resource.
A-10
A-10 planes are extremely resistant, specialized on support of troops on the ground, especially in anti-armor operations. A-10 is equipped with a cannon rotary GAU-8 with six pipes, caliber 30 mm (cadence 3,900 projectiles / minute, missiles with depleted uranium), bombs guided by laser, bombs in boxes with routing systems independent JDAM (Joint Direct Attack Munition) air-ground missiles and AGM-65 Maverick. In the first Gulf War (1991) US A-10 aircraft destroyed 900 Iraqi tanks, 2,000 other military vehicles and 1,200 artillery pieces.
PoliZette Grover Norquist: IRS Commissioner Should Be Fired Next Conservative leader says Trump should dismiss Koskinen 'now' for role in targeting Tea Party groups
One of Washington's top conservative leaders is asking why the president fired the head of the FBI but hasn't yet fired John Koskinen, the IRS head who obstructed the congressional investigation into IRS targeting and harassment of Tea Party groups, actions thought to have altered the outcome of the 2012 election.
“Hey Why did James Comey get fired and the head of the IRS is still getting a paycheck. ‘You're Fired' should be said more often in DC,” Grover Norquist of Americans for Tax Reform tweeted early Tuesday morning.
“If what they did is not illegal, they should change the law, because it should be illegal.”
Advertisement
The IRS targeting of groups that had “Tea Party” or “patriot” in their names, which often involved requests for thousands of documents as a condition of approval for tax-exempt status as nonprofit organizations, was deadly. Many of the groups dissolved or changed their names, and were never heard from again.
“It was a nightmare. We basically just gave up on it,” Everett Wilkinson, chairman of a South Florida Tea Party group told the South Florida Sun Sentinel in 2013. “Whatever they could do to send you around in circles, they would. A lot of other [Tea Party] groups just closed their doors or changed their status to for-profit — or just didn't file anything.”
One conservative group was just approved for tax-exempt status in April, after seven years.
[lz_ndn video=29418778]
“If what they did is not illegal, they should change the law, because it should be illegal,” Norquist told LifeZette on Tuesday.
Advertisement
John Koskinen was appointed IRS Commissioner in 2013 after the IRS scandal involving the agency's targeting of conservative groups under previous commissioner Lois Lerner. His five-year term expires in November 2017.
In 2015, the House Oversight Committee chairman, Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), introduced a bill to begin impeachment proceedings against Koskinen for failing to stop the destruction of backup tapes containing 30,000 IRS emails and for making false statements under oath to the committee. The House leadership, however, did not move forward with impeachment.
In January, 53 House Republicans signed on to a letter sent to President Trump, asking him to remove Koskinen, saying the IRS has “forfeited the trust of a free people.”
“Congressional investigations, hearings and actions have shown that Commissioner Koskinen misled Congress, obstructed investigations into the IRS, and failed to comply with Congressional subpoenas,” the letter reads. “Commissioner Koskinen's willful deception and obstructionism has only further eroded any remaining confidence.”
It also cites the section of U.S. law that gives the president the authority to dismiss an IRS commissioner before his term has expired.
A spokesman for Rep. Mark Walker (R-N.C.), the head of the Republican Study Committee, said there's been no response from the White House, and that House Republicans are looking to see what they can do legislatively to remove Koskinen.
Advertisement
“I vote let's do this, let's do this quickly,” Norquist told LifeZette, saying Koskinen's failure to reform the IRS means “he should be fired now.”
Norquist, a co-author with Newt Gingrich of the 1994 Contract with America, says he thinks it's likely that the only reason the White House hasn't taken action on this is that it doesn't have anyone to replace him.
But he says it shouldn't matter.
“If nobody gets fired, they haven't learned a lesson.”
[lz_related_box id=793590]
Advertisement
But who would replace him?
“We need somebody who can end the political weaponization of the IRS,” says Norquist, adding that he'd favor someone like former California Congressman Chris Cox.
In addition to targeting of Tea Party groups, the IRS under President Obama also audited scores of conservative groups, including the Heritage Foundation, and used donor lists obtained to audit individual donors to conservative groups.
RIP: SFWA Author Emeritus 1999 William Tenn
William Tenn, the pen name of Phillip Klass, died at home on today at the age of 89. Tenn was named Author Emeritus by SFWA in 1999.
Primarily known for his humorous short stories and essays, he wrote only two novels both published in 1968. Theodore Sturgeon said of his fiction:
It would be too wide a generalization to say that every SF satire, every SF comedy and every attempt at witty and biting criticism found in the field is a poor and usually cheap imitation of what this man has been doing since the 1940s. His incredibly involved and complex mind can at times produce constructive comment so pointed and astute that the fortunate recipient is permanently improved by it. Admittedly, the price may be to create two whole categories for our species: humanity and William Tenn. For each of which you must create your ethos and your laws. I've done that. And to me it's worth it.
He leaves his wife Fruma and his daughter Adina. Our thoughts are with them both.
Three Kenyan Christians were hacked to death by Al-Shabaab militants on Friday night (18 August) after they refused to recite the Islamic prayer of faith. A fourth Christian – the mentally challenged older brother of one of the three – was also killed.
At around 9pm, Changawa Muthemba, who was in his forties, was dragged out of his home in Kasala Kairu, Lamu County, by a group of armed men and taken to the nearby home of his brother-in-law, Joseph Kasena, 42, where a 17-year-old neighbour, Kadenge Katana, also happened to be at the time.
The three men were held at machete point and ordered to recite the Shahada. When none of them did, the attackers began to tie them up. When the men resisted, they were hacked to death. Then the attackers went to the home of Joseph's older brother, Charo, who was in his late forties, and killed him.
“Earlier that day, some locals met with the Somali herdsmen, who threatened them. But his was not the reason for the attack; it only provided the opportunity for it. Al-Shabaab knew these men as Christians, and Joseph as a church elder.”
Joseph's wife, Caroline, who is in her late thirties, watched everything happen and is “severely traumatised”, according to a local source. Their 17-year-old daughter, Zawadi, was out of town at the time.
“Joseph was an elder at a local church. He did communal farming, worked as a cook in a local hotel and also served as a night guard at the home of an expatriate family, who had to leave the area due to the deteriorating security situation. His wife runs a small kiosk,” said the source.
The source said the family of the 17-year-old boy, who was part of a local Catholic church, are “devastated” at his murder.
According to the source, Al-Shabaab militants and their sympathisers are “deeply embedded” in the local communities of wider Lamu and Tana, which are in coastal Kenya, near the border with Somalia where Al-Shabaab originated.
“They move around freely and often are at odds with the Kenyan farmers, deliberately sending their animals to feed on their crops,” the source said. “Locals complain that the police are not doing anything about the situation and even show preferential treatment to the herders. Earlier that day, some locals met with the Somali herdsmen, who threatened them. But this was not the reason for the attack; it only provided the opportunity for it. Al-Shabaab knew these men as Christians, and Joseph as a church elder.”
Last month, Al-Shabaab beheaded nine Kenyans – some of whom belonged to a local church – in the Pandaguo area of Lamu West. One witness, Johnson Kitsao, told the Washington Post the attackers were “specifically looking for non-Muslim men”.
Al-Shabaab had threatened to disrupt the Kenyan elections earlier this month, and had called on Muslims to vote against the Kenyan President, Uhuru Kenyatta. However, the voting process “went smoothly”, according to CSW, “and Kenyatta's party won all of the predominantly Somali counties, as well as the presidency”.
Background
Al-Shabaab, an affiliate of Al-Qaeda, has targeted Kenyan Christians for years, attacking churches, public places and buses. This has left behind a trail of pain and destruction, and has instilled fear among regions where Christians are the minority.
Last month, as mentioned above, Al-Shabaab militants surrounded Jima village and beheaded nine people, in an attack that targeted non-Muslim men only. Two days earlier, attackers had killed four people (including police), also in the Pandaguo area, in a similar pattern. This appeared to be a change of strategy for the group, which has used improvised explosive devices (IEDs), guns and grenades to attack Kenyan Christians.
In April 2015, Al-Shabaab gunmen armed with AK47s attacked the Garissa University College, killing 148 people – mainly Christian students. The previous year, in June 2014, twin attacks on Mpeketoni and the nearby village of Poroko left 52 people dead. The attackers singled out all who could not recite Muslim prayers and killed them in plain sight, before destroying their homes. The militants struck the Westgate Shopping mall in 2013 in an attack that left 68 people dead. They separated Muslims and killed Christians in one of the deadliest attacks in the city.
Reports suggest Al-Shabaab has set bases in Boni, a forest that straddles the Kenyan-Somali border. The group has been using the forest as a cover to attack villages on the Kenyan side, according to security sources.
The attackers are believed to be Kenyan youths trained by the group in Somalia, before returning to the country. Church officials say they were brainwashed, radicalised and recruited on the basis of promises of a better life and benefits for their family.
“We believe that some people have been paid by the militants to ensure a constant supply of young fighters,” said Fr Wilybard Lagho, vicar general of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mombasa. “At first, they used schools and madrassas, but that has since changed after the security and religious leaders became alert. They are now using social media to recruit. There is a lot of deception.”
Meitu, the Chinese company behind that viral selfie app that may or may not take all your personal information, just released the M8 and upgraded Meitu T8. The company's phones are known for letting its users take the most extra selfies, as seen on Ashley's review here, where she says it gave her “baby skin.” And it's definitely equipped to do so — the Meitu M8's front-facing camera is a 12-megapixel Sony camera, with a 21-megapixel Sony rear-facing camera. It also has a 5.2-inch display, 4GB of RAM, a Helio X20 processor, and a 3,000mAh battery.
But let's get to the real reason why we're here. Meitu knows the audience for these selfie phones, and it's the people who appreciate good design. That includes me and Chinese superstar Angelababy, who's helping launch the Sailor Moon Pretty Soldier Edition of the phone. You can watch her unbox it here, but check out this sick-ass selfie stick:
Based on the explosive response to this phone, I hope Meitu decides to release this phone in the US as well. Meitu's also releasing the phone in other colors like blue, red, white, pink, and a special Hello Kitty Edition of the phone:
The phones will go on sale this Friday at noon on the official website for ¥2999 (around $435), and only 10,000 units will be available.
“Since this bill was first introduced, I have expressed my concerns to Congress about the many ways it improperly encroaches on Executive power, disadvantages American companies, and hurts the interests of our European allies,” Trump wrote, calling the measure “seriously flawed.”
He said it “encroaches on the executive branch's authority to negotiate … [making] it is harder for the United States to strike good deals for the American people, and will drive China, Russia, and North Korea much closer together.” But he added he was “signing this bill for the sake of national unity.”
“I built a truly great company worth many billions of dollars,” Trump said in the statement. “That is a big part of the reason I was elected. As president, I can make far better deals with foreign countries than Congress.”
Speaking at the State Department on Tuesday, Tillerson said “neither the president nor I are very happy about” the congressional action.
“We were clear that we didn't think it was going to be helpful to our efforts” to improve relations with Russia, he said. “But that's the decision they made.”
Tillerson has long disliked sanctions—as Exxon's CEO he called them an ineffective tool to persuade regimes to change their behavior and a hinderance to businesses. As reported by Politico's Nahal Toosi on Wednesday, however, his rationale for declining to spend the counter-propaganda funds Congress allocated appears to be different. She wrote: “One Tillerson aide, R.C. Hammond, suggested the money is unwelcome because any extra funding for programs to counter Russian media influence would anger Moscow, according to a former senior State Department official.” A State Department official said the Global Engagement Center, the focus of Politico's story, is already funded in FY 2017 with $16.3 million.
“The Global Engagement Center continues to execute its mission,” the official said. “There is a process underway to ensure any future funding or programs account for the most appropriate tactics and strategy—especially in countering propaganda from countries such as Russia that have minimal protections for free speech or the media.”
Hammond told Politico the department, which is in the midst of a Tillerson-ordered reorganization, didn't want to spend the money before there was a plan in place for it.
Tillerson, in his remarks Tuesday, said the U.S. relationship with Russia “continues to be under considerable stress,” but added “one area of mutual interest” is terrorism. Tillerson may be, if the Politico's reporting is borne out, loath to take the $80 million because the U.S. needs Russian cooperation on terrorism and to influence the regimes in Syria and Iran, both allies of Moscow's the U.S. opposes. But it occurs in the context of an investigation into the Trump campaign's ties to Russian officials in the run up to the 2016 presidential election. U.S. intelligence agencies say Russia interfered in the election—using disinformation—in order to boost Trump, though it's unclear if Moscow's efforts succeeded. Trump's equivocation over the issue has led to more speculation about his campaign's ties to Russian officials—links that are being investigated by the Justice Department and congressional committees.
Gif by Lon Tweeten for TIME
Apple's “Spring Forward” event on Monday answered a lot of questions about the company's upcoming smartwatch. CEO Tim Cook revealed how much the various models will cost, ranging from $349 to $17,000, what the device's various apps can do, and when it will be available for purchase (April 24).
One of several surprises was a slight price difference in the two planned body sizes of the Watch, which will come in 38-millimeter and 42-millimeter variants. After last year's unveiling, many onlookers assumed the two versions were more or less women's and men's editions and would likely be priced according the material they're made of and the accessories they come with. Instead, an entry-level 38-millimeter Apple Watch Sport costs $349 compared to $399 for the 42-millimeter version, for example.
The difference is negligible, but might become a deciding factor for some consumers. Apple will accept pre-orders for the device starting April 10 and said it would schedule in-store fittings to help customers decide which watch suits them best. This is going to be the best way to find the right device. The company is also providing life-size version in its Apple Store app for iOS devices.
But what if, you know, you simply can't wait or don't want to hold your phone in front of your wrist? Here's a one-dollar hack that shows you (approximately) what the dimensions of the smaller Apple Watch are. Fold a bill (U.S. currency) as directed below and you can get a quick approximation of which size will look best on your wrist. Enjoy.
Here's What the Newest Apple Watch Apps Look Like and Can Do Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple 1 of 16 Advertisement
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Members and supporters of the Angry Soldiers' Wives group pictured at the protest
Several hundred women married to French soldiers are holding a demonstration in Paris to denounce the "deplorable working conditions" in the army.
The protest was organised by the group Angry Soldiers' Wives, which has nearly 5,200 members.
Mercedes Crépin, who helped set it up, said some troops on anti-terror duty were being housed in damp hangars infested with cockroaches and lice.
Around 500 people were expected to join the protest, Le Figaro reported.
After the Islamist attack on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in January 2015, the French government deployed more than 7,000 soldiers to guard prominent public places and events.
French news sites reported on Saturday that one soldier linked to the operation had shot himself dead on Friday night.
The military wives have several concerns - among them, the lack of support for the families of soldiers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
"We feel completely helpless, we do not know how to cope with the condition, how to support our men," said Ms Crépin, whose husband has PTSD after serving in Afghanistan.
"We want to show our discomfort, our anxiety and our anger," she told TV channel France 3.
Ms Crépin also raised the plight of soldiers' widows, saying some are obliged to leave military housing within two to three months of losing their husbands, and get little help from the army.
The army payment system is a further source of grievance. The software has reportedly left families in debt after troops were mistakenly overpaid, then asked to pay back the surplus.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption The demonstrators are protesting over budget cuts and conditions in the army
Image copyright EPA Image caption French troops have been repeatedly targeted by attackers in recent months
The Angry Soldiers' Wives demo follows a march by a similar group, Angry Police Wives, at the end of April.
The wives and partners of police officers took to the streets of Paris to protest after the killing of an officer on the Champs Elysees.
Their action condemning anti-police violence came two days after officer Xavier Jugelé was shot dead.
Story highlights The Kansas secretary of state said the panel will "go where the facts lead" despite critics' concerns
Kobach has repeatedly backed Trump's baseless claim that millions of illegal votes were cast in the 2016 election
Washington (CNN) The Trump administration's new "election integrity" commission "is not set up to prove or to disprove" President Donald Trump's unsubstantiated claims of widespread voter fraud, according to the vice chair of the commission.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who was tapped to help Vice President Mike Pence lead the panel, defended the commission in an interview on CNN's "New Day" Monday.
Kobach insisted the group will "go where the facts lead us" despite concerns from critics who point out that Kobach repeatedly supported Trump's claim -- made without evidence -- that millions of votes were cast illegally in the 2016 election.
"The commission is not set up to disprove or to prove President Trump's claim, nor is it just looking at the 2016 election. We're looking at all forms of election irregularities, voter fraud, voter registration fraud, voter intimidation, suppression, and looking at the vulnerabilities of the various elections we have in each of the 50 states," Kobach told "New Day" co-host Chris Cuomo.
Kobach said the commission has two goals: a "nationwide fact-finding effort" on voter fraud followed by recommendations to states based on the findings.
Read More
Below is the list of some high rated Udemy courses on iOS & Swift :-
The Complete iOS 10 & Swift 3 Developer Course (view)
The Complete iOS 11 & Swift Developer Course – Build 20 Apps (view)
iOS 11 & Swift 4: From Beginner to Paid Professional (view)
iOS 10 & Swift 3 – iPhone App Development | Beginning to End (view)
The Complete iOS 11 & Swift Developer Course – Build 28 Apps (view)
Beginner's Swift 4 & Unreal Engine – Learn Xcode, Make Games (view)
Learn Swift 4 with Bob: The Intermediate to Advanced Swift (view)
iOS 11 and Xcode 9 – Complete Swift 4 & Objective-C Course (view)
Full Swift 3 Course. From Dummy to Advance. Build 60+ Apps (view)
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook Group if you find this blog helpful. Find and learn new skills of your choice here-> View
New colour treatment offers hope to 130 million people who suffer from face blindness.
© Gordasm
A Scottish optician has accidently discovered a pioneering treatment for people who have face blindness.
Ian Jordan, who has a practice in Ayr, has developed the first treatment for the condition which hampers the ability to recognise faces and facial expressions.
The method uses lighting to change the way people process what they see and was found accidentally by Mr Jordan while he was treating someone for another sensory condition.
Face blindness, or prosopagnosia, afflicts about 2.5% of the population and around half the number of people who are on the autism spectrum.
Those with the condition either have damaged or underdeveloped "visual perception pathways". This means some of the information the brain needs to make sense of what the eyes see is missing or distorted.
The condition, usually present from birth, can occur after brain trauma.
Mr Jordan's new treatment involves lights comprising 16 million colours which can change how the eyes process information. Some colours are filtered out and others are enhanced, allowing the brain to receive all the information it needs to distinguish one face from another. Once a colour is found which normalises the patient's sight, Mr Jordan can then prescribe suitable lenses.
The treatment is "a real breakthrough", he said.
"This will be life-changing for those with prosopagnosia because, up until now, there hasn't been any way to treat it, just techniques and strategies to deal with the consequences.
"Some people are able to piece together a person's identity by recognising the way they walk, or the sound of their voice. But the prospect of meeting and having to identify new people, either socially, at work or at school, can be very distressing, particularly so for those on the autistic spectrum."
One patient, 17-year-old Isabelle Thorald, travelled from Lincolnshire to be treated by Mr Jordan.
She said: "Without the glasses, people look quite scary to me because their faces are distorted. I can only see one feature at a time, so if I focus on someone's eye for example, their other eye looks like it's up where their eyebrow should be.
"And although I can see their mouth, it's wider on one side and they look a bit like the Joker from Batman. So everyone looks quite menacing, and it's difficult to read people's expressions because all their features are twisted up.
"When I put the glasses on though, everything looks a hundred times better."
Mr Jordan will present his findings at the Treating Autism 7th Biomedical Conference and Exhibition in London on Saturday.
OTTAWA—New information reveals the Conservative government waited a month after Morris Fish announced his retirement from the Supreme Court of Canada before it consulted the Quebec attorney general, chief justice and head of the bar association for names to replace him. The government responded in writing in October to questions submitted by Liberal MP Stéphane Dion, saying it consulted Quebec's senior legal and judicial figures in late May 2013. Fish announced his retirement on April 22, effective at the end of August last year. The government stated that the Quebec attorney general was consulted on May 27, and the head of the Quebec bar on May 29, while the chief justice of Quebec was consulted on “several occasions in May and June.”
Justice Minister Peter MacKay took aim Monday at the timing of the Supreme Court decision on appointee Marc Nadon: "It wasn't this government that decided to table this decision in the middle of the Quebec election," he said. ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The government said it identified eligible candidates “on the basis of merit and regional representation” and a “number of other factors, including gender.” More at thestar.com: Ruling leaves top court and Marc Nadon up in the air
Article Continued Below
Supreme court of Canada rejects Marc Nadon Five things to know about the SCOC's Marc Nadon ruling “All appointments to the Supreme Court of Canada are made, first and foremost, on the basis of merit and regional representation,” it said. The government added that the “review and improvement of the appointment process is an ongoing exercise. No specific steps are being contemplated at this time.” That's relevant because a process that ended in the appointment of an ineligible judge is now being slammed by the NDP and Liberals as not providing the needed transparency.
Liberal MP Irwin Cotler, who received separate answers to other questions about the Nadon appointment, said in an interview Thursday it is time to “revisit” the process. But the Conservative government is still stinging from the Supreme Court of Canada's rejection of its decision in October to name Federal Court of Appeal Justice Marc Nadon to the top bench.
Article Continued Below
On Monday, it defended Nadon and took a swipe at the high court for the timing of its decision. Justice Minister Peter MacKay dismissed as “nonsense” the criticism by Liberal MP Stéphane Dion that the government had left Quebec under-represented at the Supreme Court and antagonized the province in trying to make “unilateral” changes to its composition. MacKay then took direct aim at the judges' timing: “It wasn't this government that decided to table this decision in the middle of the Quebec election,” MacKay replied. MacKay said, as the Prime Minister's Office did Friday, that the government was “genuinely surprised” by the ruling and repeated that it is reviewing its “options.” Almost as an afterthought, near the end of question period, MacKay offered in French that “it is our intention to proceed with a process to name a new member of the Supreme Court … and we have a lot of people qualified for this position.” But MacKay did not clarify that answer in English when he left the Commons. Inside the House, when asked directly to rule out any attempt to reappoint Nadon or to “circumvent” the Supreme Court ruling in some way, MacKay pointedly did not answer. Instead he launched into an ardent defence of Nadon, saying “all parties” agree he is a respected jurist. University of Ottawa law professor Carissima Mathen said it is surprising that Prime Minister Stephen Harper has not been clear, or that he has not instructed his justice minister to declare that “‘We thank the court for its opinion. This has clarified the issue and we're going to move as fast as possible to fill this seat in a manner that is authorized by law.' “It absolutely baffles me that that hasn't happened yet,” said Mathen. She added that taking potshots at the court over the timing of its ruling is “totally out of bounds.” “The government asked the court a question in a matter of some urgency. The court rendered its decision. It would actually be improper for the court to take account of the surrounding politics and time its decision. The court should issue its decision when it's ready … the court has been thrust into this situation by the government's choices,” said Mathen. Correction — March 25, 2014: This article has been corrected from an earlier version that incorrectly reported that the documents cited were provided to MP Irwin Cotler.
Read more about:
Ti-Rock Moore's Chicago exhibition Confronting Truths: Wake Up! aims to start a conversation but some have accused her of profiting from her white privilege
If you're not careful as you walk into the Gallery Guichard on Chicago's south side, you could trip over police tape that surrounds a life-size mannequin of Michael Brown's dead body while a video of Eartha Kitt looks over him singing Angelitos Negros.
Nooses and other paraphernalia largely associated with racism in the south decorate the rest of the space, a neon sign spelling out “Strange Fruit” glares against a white wall, and a Confederate flag with the names of the nine victims of the Charleston massacre – with a price tag of $4,500 – hangs behind the Kitt video. The piece sold over the weekend.
The goal of this exhibition, entitled Confronting Truths: Wake Up!, by New Orleans-based artist Ti-Rock Moore is to start a larger discussion on the violence she sees white privilege produce in America from her perspective as a white female artist.
However, the exhibition has also been criticised on the grounds that it exploits the tragedy black Americans face for profit through the artist's own white privilege.
“I definitely didn't want to go [at first],” Johnetta “Netta” Elizie, an activist and high profile leader of anti-police violence group We the Protesters told the Guardian after visiting the Chicago gallery. “I felt it would do me no good to go there as far as my spirit is concerned.”
US poet defends reading of Michael Brown autopsy report as a poem Read more
Elizie had read local reports of the installation at the exhibition that vividly recreates the murder scene of Brown, who was shot dead by police officer Darren Wilson and left for hours in the streets of Ferguson, Missouri.
But when friends from Ferguson drove to see the exhibition and voice their disdain for something that used the death of Brown as an artwork so soon after the tragedy, she felt she needed to go and support them.
“The artwork was atrocious,” she said. “The way she is using those images is just disgusting.”
While walking around the gallery, which sits in the Bronzeville neighborhood of the city and is an area affected by gun violence, Elizie used Periscope to live-stream to her 51,000 followers and the exhibition, which had garnered little attention in the previous few days, exploded across social media – with most responses seeming to share her disgust.
Since then the exhibition has gone viral and has led to hate mail and even death threats directed at the gallery, according to the owners, Andre and Frances Guichard. But they seem at ease with the sharp responses, saying they believe the work will help heal a country torn by racism.
“I think what makes this exhibition really unique is that it's really bold and blunt, and it's right in your face,” Andre Guichard told the Guardian. “But when you really think about racism, racism can be bold and blunt and right in your face, too.”
Guichard and his wife say the exhibition is not only timely but also responsible due its depiction of what they think art should engage with: our contemporary moment.
“When you have people who are trafficking young ladies across the globe and the people speaking up for them aren't the people being trafficked,” Frances Guichard told the Guardian. “The people [speaking up] are those who care about making sure that it's just based on humanity and that's Ti-Rock.
“She's not trying to be black or be part of the black experience,” Frances continued when asked if Moore was the art-world equivalent of viral sensation Rachel Dolezal, who identifies as a black woman but was born white. “If she was trying to be black, she would [for example] try to be somebody that infiltrated into sex trafficking and [being] victimized, but she didn't do that.”
The Guichards argue that even though her work is depicting violence against black people it is still appropriate for her to produce it as an artist since the point is to show how Moore's own white privilege helps perpetuate said violence when the country does not work to change that system.
“My whiteness carries an unearned advantage in the American system,” Moore said in a 2014 interview before her Brown installation had made its debut. “We're living in a society of very complicated systems that create advantages for white people and disadvantages for others. That's what my work is about.”
Moore did not respond to requests from the Guardian to comment about her work and her latest exhibition at the time of reporting.
The gallery plans to donate 10% of the money from any artwork sold to a charity aimed at ending police violence. They are currently deciding on the specifics of where that potential gift will go.
“This [exhibition] is something that needs to stay alive because we need to do what Ti-Rock says and understand what white privilege does to the African American community,” Frances Guichard said.
Michael Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, was in Chicago last week and attended the opening night of the exhibition. Before arriving, she learned that the piece specifically about her late son was not a photograph, as she had assumed, but an actual recreation of the scene.
She requested the gallery cover it up while she visited because it would have been too painful for her to witness, which they did.
The piece is one of the few being shown that isn't for sale.
More voters than ever are not satisfied with President Trump's job in office, according to new approval ratings released Wednesday.
A poll from Quinnipiac University found that only a third of American voters, 33 percent, approve of his performance in office, while 61 percent disapprove of it. This marks his lowest approval and highest disapproval number since he was inaugurated, Quinnipiac said.
His latest approval rating is down 7 percentage points from the 40 percent approval rating Mr. Trump received in a similar survey in late June.
Majorities of voters said that Mr. Trump is not honest, doesn't have good leadership skills, isn't a strong person, isn't intelligent, doesn't share their values and doesn't care about average Americans. Voters gave Mr. Trump negative approval ratings for handling key issues like foreign policy, the economy, immigration, health care and terrorism.
White House confirms President Trump's involvement in son's statement on Russia meeting
More than half of voters also said that the president "has attempted to derail or obstruct the investigation into the Russian interference in the 2016 election." Nearly two-thirds said that the Russian government interfered in the 2016 election. Thirty percent of voters said that the president did something illegal in dealing with Russia, with another 30 percent saying he did something unethical but not illegal and 32 percent saying he did nothing wrong.
Gallup, meanwhile, said that the president's approval rating in their latest poll hit 36 percent, a new low, with 60 percent disapproving.
The Quinnipiac poll surveyed 1,125 voters between July 27 and August 1 nationwide with a 3.4 percentage point margin of error. The Gallup poll surveyed 1,500 adults on August 1 with a 3 percentage point margin of error.
Google is throwing tantrum again. Yes…this time, it affected some of the popular blogs. Engadgets, Andy Beard, Copyblogger are some of the few that suffered from a pagerank drop. It was rumored that this is the Google way to penalize blogs that sell links. No one has confirmed it.
While InternetStrategyBlog didn't suffer from any pagerank loss, this issue does set me thinking: “how long do we have to suffer from the tyranny of Google?”
It seems that Google has a part in everything we do online. From Google Search, Gmail, Google Ads, Adsense, Youtube, Blogger, the fate of our websites seem to lie in the hand of Google, and this is definitely not good.
The fact is, Google don't care about the survival of Webmasters. They set the rule (and change it anytime they want, without informing you) and either you follow, or you're out. Google lives in a completely different world from online marketers. They want to provide excellent content free of charge to the mass (Well, that's how they make money) and expect you to do so, while the marketers want to make tons of money from excellent content. This is a total conflict of interest. Just when marketers found new way of making money while providing free excellent content, Google banned them.
Excerpts from TeachingSells:
“There's many a “business model” that relies completely on Google—Google Search for traffic and Google AdSense for revenue. And there's an even larger amount of so-called business models that rely almost completely on Google for traffic, even if the money comes in via other means. I think you know what happens to the money when the traffic stops. I use the term “business model” above loosely, because a model that is entirely dependent on an outside company, for either traffic or revenue or both, is not really sound. You're not in charge and you have very little control, because if Google decides to change the rules, you're out of luck. Based on that, I would argue that relying on Google is not a business at all. I'd say you work for Google. Even though that's not literally true, you might as well see it that way. When one company can kill your income overnight—without notice or justification—that's simply not a good business. They can effectively lay you off at any time, with no notice, no severance, and you never had benefits to begin with.”
It's time we stop the Google tyranny, and the only way to do that is to stop depending on Google for survival.
How?
The answer is: diversify your traffic sources.
If Google accounts for 90% of your current traffic, then it is time you start to find other traffic sources.
Don't forget to subscribe to the Internet Strategy Blog RSS Feed!
Rachel Weber Senior Editor Monday 2nd February 2015 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sony Online Entertainment
Sony Online Entertainment is to become Daybreak Game Company and turn its focus to multi-platform gaming. The company been acquired by Columbus Nova and is now an indie studio.
"Today, we are pleased to announce that we have been acquired by Columbus Nova, an investment management firm well known for its success with its existing portfolio of technology, media and entertainment focused companies. This means that effective immediately SOE will operate as an independent game development studio where we will continue to focus on creating exceptional online games for players around the world, and now as a multi-platform gaming company. Yes, that means PlayStation and Xbox, mobile and more.
As part of this transition, SOE will now become Daybreak Game Company. This name embodies who we are as an organization, and is a nod to the passion and dedication of our employees and players. It is also representative of our vision to approach each new day as an opportunity to move gaming forward."
The financial details of the deal have not been disclosed and there's no word from Sony as yet. GamesIndustry.biz has reached out to them for comment.
"We are excited to join Columbus Nova's impressive roster of companies. They have a proven track record in similar and related industries and we are eager to move forward to see how we can push the boundaries of online gaming," said company president John Smedley.
can't wait to make Xbox One games! — John Smedley (@j_smedley) February 2, 2015
All of our games are still here and will continue to be :) — John Smedley (@j_smedley) February 2, 2015
"We will continue to focus on delivering exceptional games to players around the world, as well as bringing our portfolio to new platforms, fully embracing the multi-platform world in which we all live."
Columbus Nova is a New York investment firm that was founded in 2000. Its CEO is Andrew Intrater, a former energy, base metals and mining executive and the company currently manages around $15 billion in assets.
"Sony Online Entertainment, newly rebranded as Daybreak, is a great addition to our existing portfolio of technology, media and entertainment focused companies. We see tremendous opportunities for growth with the expansion of the company's game portfolio through multi-platform offerings as well as an exciting portfolio of new quality games coming up, including the recently launched H1Z1 and the highly anticipated EverQuest Next to be released in the near future," said Jason Epstein, a senior partner at Columbus Nova.
"The recent Early Access launch success of H1Z1 is just one testament to the talent and dedication of the studio's developers to create great online gaming experiences."
Update:GamesIndustry.biz spoke with some analysts following the news. "While the PlayStation 4 has sold well Sony has really been cutting back on investment in game development. SOE worked on massive projects that really were not a good fit for the target PlayStation audience. So it is not a huge surprise. It just wasn't fitting into Sony's current strategy," commented DFC Intelligence's David Cole.
He continued, "It is hard to say how much it was sold for. I imagine Sony had to eat a lot of development costs and Columbus Nova probably got it fairly cheap. But that is just speculation. It is definitely a positive for SOE/Daybreak because I think they were hampered by being tied to the Sony corporate behemoth and now they can concentrate on their core market. Also the other option would probably have been Sony just comopletely shutting them down."
Wedbush Securities' Michael Pachter is largely in agreement that SOE was no longer a good fit for Sony as a whole. "I think that Sony Online is profitable, but not particularly strategic for Sony. Remember, they are a consumer electronics manufacturer, so to some extent, owning movie and television studios makes sense in order to drive Blu-ray player and TV sales. However, owning an online gaming company isn't a great fit, particularly as games are shifting increasingly to a free-to-play mobile model," he said.
"I would imagine they weren't shopping SOE so much as they received an unsolicited offer, and I think that they will be fine without contribution from that side of the business. I'm glad Smedley went with the company, as he built that business from scratch and deserves a lot of credit."
IDC Research Director Lewis Ward also noted that the move could be viewed in some ways as Sony doubling down on its strong console business. "It sold off its VAIO PC brand about a year ago if you recall, so the sale of SOE might be read as a further shift away from PC-centric hardware, software and service businesses. Given the meteoric rise of smartphones and tablets and Sony's market position I don't blame them, honestly," he said, adding that the sale will "make the annual books look much better than they would have otherwise" for Sony as it closes its fiscal year in March.
Investors should keep their eyes on Sony's next quarterly report, as we'll likely find out how much SOE was sold for then.
"Cadillac High," a feature film based on the KISS's 1975 celebratory tour to the city of Cadillac, has received conditional approval for incentives to shoot the movie in Michigan.
And since the movie turned in its application to the Michigan Film Office before last year's Dec. 31 deadline, incentives to locate filming of "Cadillac High" won't be subject to the 2012 cap of $25 million budgeted by the state.
"It was a project that we wanted to make sure to do everything possible to keep here in Michigan," says Michigan Film Office Communication Adviser Michelle Begnoche.
In 1974, the Cadillac High School Vikings, playing KISS albums in the locker room before and after games, won seven straight games and wound up conference co-champs. Word spread to the glitter-rockers of KISS, who visited Cadillac the next year for the most raucous Homecoming weekend on record.
According to the
, "Cadillac High" will film in the cities of Cadillac, Pontiac and Detroit. The movie says it will hire 205 Michigan residents and spend just over $27 million dollars to produce the film in the Mitten State; including almost $5.5 million on equipment and material rentals and purchasing, $700,000 on food and just over $534,000 on lodging.
Conditional incentive amounts
total $8.2 million, though the Film Office is still waiting on some financial information from the film, says Begnoche. Steuer produced the "Chronicles of Narnia" films and "Oz the Great and Powerful, " which was shot last year at Raleigh Michigan Studios.
Begnoche said Steuer approached them after the success of shooting "Oz the Great and Powerful" in Michigan. "We're excited about the film's great Michigan locations and great story," she says.
Check out footage of the KISS visit to Cadillac below.
Advertisement
An American historian has unearthed never-seen-before pictures of Stalin-era Russia which were taken by an Army Major.
Martin Manhoff's collection has been described as a 'unique visual archive' of life in the Soviet Union in the 1950s.
He was deported for spying in 1954, and hid the photographs in his closet in Washington State.
Until today, they remained untouched, but American historian Douglas Smith has now released the stash of the pictures taken from behind the Iron Curtain.
Scroll down for video
A child walks through a run-down street in Moscow near the Moskva river. The former rundown road is a now a middle-class commuter area with a Holiday Inn. This picture is one of a number of extraordinary photographs taken by a US diplomat stationed in the city in the 1950s
Women are pictured crossing the street in front of a butchers shop in Moscow's Arbat district. It is one of several photographs unearthed by an American historian - Douglas Smith
A public bus and several cars is photographed trapped in a flood caused by summer rains in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. The photo was taken from a car and is part of Army Major Martin Manhoff's collection
Russian officials are photographed from a window above the street in Murmansk, a small port city in the extreme northwest part of Russia. The run down houses are made from wooden planks and a small, blue beer shack sits outside. The almost empty street was captured by the US diplomat Mr Manhoff who was later deported on suspicion of spying
Army Major Martin Manhoff served in the US embassy in Moscow from February 1952 until June 1954, when he was expelled from the USSR on charges of espionage.
During his two years in the Soviet Union, Manhoff traveled widely and recorded much of what he saw on both color slides and color 16mm film.
All of this material ended up in a closet in his home in Washington State where it lay unseen for over half a century.
Mr Smith, who has a new book out called Rasputin, said: 'After his wife's death, I was asked to visit the Manhoff home this past summer and see whether Martin had left behind anything of value. I was amazed at what I discovered.
'For the past several months I have been digitizing and organizing the photographs and films.
'Among the gems is approximately 15 minutes of color movie footage of Stalin's funeral taken from an upstairs window of the old US embassy in the Hotel National.
'There are a thousand of color photographs taken on the streets of Moscow, Leningrad, Murmansk, Yalta, and at points along the Trans-Siberian Railroad.
'I am now working on finding the best way to make this unique visual archive available to the public and to find a permanent home for the entire Manhoff archive.'
Men, women and children are pictured walking past a cinema in the Ukranian capital, Kiev in 1954. Flags of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic are displayed on the buildings in the tree-lined street
A picture from a previously unseen set of Stalin-era Russia photographs from Martin Manhoff's personal archive. The picture shows Ostankino Palace based north from Moscow. It is a former summer residence and private opera theatre of the noble Sheremetev family
Hundreds of Russian soldiers are pictured lining the streets for a state-sponsored public funeral in Moscow. A parade of Black horses and I can be seen making their may through the square
Three boys sit happyly on a bench outside the Novospassky Monastery, one of the fortified monasteries to the south-east of Moscow. It was the first monastery to be founded in the Russian capital in the early 14th century
American diplomats expelled from the USSR on espionage charges travelled across Russia taking photographs, which have only now been released. These photos show a woman collecting water in a bucket in the Russian countryside and heading back to a humble log cabin
Thousands of photos were found by historian Douglas Smith. This one shows teenagers enjoying the sun in the gardens of Kuskovo, a country house and estate that belonged to the Sheremetev family. It was built in the mid-18th century and sits in the east of Moscow
A woman in a padded jacket and thick gloves braves the cold to pose for a photograph in the street. Other similarly dressed women rush past behind her, giving the camera a cautionary glance
A group of teenage schoolgirls in uniform are pictured smiling and laughing as they pose for a photo which appears to have been taken at the Kolomenskoye estate, a former royal estate several kilometers to the southeast of Moscow city centre and on the ancient road leading to the town of Kolomna
In the Chicago Tribune on March 26, 1954, the paper covered the story of Manhoff being sent home.
The story said he and three other American diplomats had been sent packing for abusing the hospitality shown to them by Russia.
It said a local state-run paper carried news that the men had left espionage documents under a paper napkin while on a Trans-Siberian train the previous year.
The Russian newspaper said: 'If the above mentioned persons would like to get back their documents, which were evidently forgotten in a rush, they can do so by calling the porter's office.'
Story highlights James Carville says the GOP field for president is very weak and he thinks he knows why
He says economics says that if a thing has value, people want it, but few want this job
He says good candidates shied away because they couldn't take low level of discourse
Carville: GOP getting candidates that match intellectual composition of many in the party
As usual, Professor Paul Krugman's piece in the Monday morning New York Times is causing a great deal of chatter among the political types. Krugman points out just how inept the Republican field is. In some cases he takes a scalpel (and in others a machete) to surely the weakest field of presidential aspirants any party has offered in modern American history ( see my earlier CNN column comparing this field to 1980). I believe I can explain why this field is so inept. In order to proffer this explanation I am going to utilize Professor Krugman's field of economics.
Hold on: I confess I've never taken an economics course and if you ask me the relationship between interest rates and bond prices I would have a Herman Cain Libya moment. I could probably get the right answer but it would take me a while. There are some laws of economics that I believe all economists (be they salt, fresh, or brackish water) would agree on. One of these is: The more valuable a thing, the more people will be interested in purchasing that thing. And as Professor Krugman points out in his piece, the 2012 Republican nomination was clearly considered by most observers to be a thing of value.
James Carville
Even the most partisan Democrat -- me for example -- would concede that three months ago the Republicans had an excellent chance to win the presidency. So ask yourself: Why does this thing that appears to have so much value have so many low bidders? Why did people like Govs. Chris Christie, Mitch Daniels, Haley Barbour, Jeb Bush and Sen. John Thune, all look at this and decide not to raise their paddles?
JUST WATCHED Gingrich defines health care stance Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gingrich defines health care stance 03:48
JUST WATCHED Romney wants to 'Kid Rock' the vote Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Romney wants to 'Kid Rock' the vote 01:19
JUST WATCHED Paul: Gingrich new flavor of the week Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Paul: Gingrich new flavor of the week 01:46
JUST WATCHED GOP court Jewish vote Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH GOP court Jewish vote 01:48
So here we wind up with the political equivalent of the Hope Diamond going for $99.99. I think that these guys were smart enough to see a big flaw in the process and it is this: The majority of the people in the Republican Party who were going to pick their nominee had been so overwhelmed by misinformation, unworkable simplistic solutions -- e.g., electrifying border fences -- and anti-science, right-wing pandering, that the potential candidates decided they just could not go through with it.
Perhaps the Republicans are getting exactly the kind of candidates that best match the intellectual composition of the majority of the people in their party -- just a thought, but it's my only explanation of our low bidders. Looks like their chance at the presidency is going, going, gone.
Police in California are reportedly searching for burglars who broke into an officer's home, poisoned two of his dogs and stole several items, including a cache of guns.
Lt. Bisa French of the Richmond Police Department told The Contra Costa Times that investigators believe the unidentified officer was targeted because he works in law enforcement. The officer's dogs were poisoned so the perpetrators could carry out the burglary and one of the animals, a 1-year-old black Labrador retriever, died in a veterinary hospital the next day. The other, a K-9 dog in the police department, is recovering, French said.
"We're obviously very upset by this," French told the newspaper. "One of our own was targeted in this attack, and we think he was targeted specifically because he was an officer."
The suspects stole five guns and some of the officer's personal belongings, police said.
French said police are following up on leads, but had no suspects as of late Tuesday.
"We are looking for the public's help," French said.
A $10,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the suspects. Anyone with information is asked to call (510) 232-TIPS.
Click for more from The Contra Costa Times.
Mamata Banerjee must be smarting.
Dada does not want to see Didi. But has made time for Narendra-bhai.
Banerjee who once tried to scupper Pranab Mukherjee's bid to be President of India decided to play dutiful sister and go to Delhi with a Get Well Soon card for the President as he recovered from his angioplasty.
But on the way she learned that the President was trying not to have visitors because of fear of infection.
No matter, said Bengal's Florence Nightingale.
"If the President doesn't meet, I will give flowers from outside (the hospital) and return, wishing him a speedy recovery. We don't want to disturb someone who is sick."
That sounds eminently sensible except Pranab-da had just met Narendra Modi. And Modi-ji had happily tweeted cheery selfies with “Pranab-da” on his hospital bed.
"Met Rashtrapati ji. He was very cheerful. I had gone to ask about his health but instead he talked about issues relating to the Nation!"
It's as if someone posted a statutory warning that too much Mamata Banerjee could be injurious to the President's health. Didi not surprisingly will read a snub into this even if the visit finally happens.
What's more worrying for her is that at a time when the BJP is chomping at the bit in Bengal and the French Ambassador decides to visit the BJP office on his visit to Kolkata because he thinks the party has a “bright future”, Mamata needs friends in high places.
That's why the bromance between Narendra Modi and Pranab Mukherjee is doubly worrying to Mamata. But then it should not come as a surprise either.
Actually Modi had wooed Pranab-da from before he became PM. At that time when speculations were rife about the number of seats the BJP would win, analysts reasoned that Modi needed to do his best to keep all channels open with Rashtrapati Bhavan. Modi had been among the first to congratulate Pranab Mukherjee when the UPA nominated him as its candidate even though the NDA chose to oppose him.
In his first Kolkata rally, Modi had made a point of both stroking Bengali pride and stoking Bengali hurts by reminding his audience that Subhas Bose or Subhas-babu didn't get his rightful place in history because of Congress conspiracies and Pranab-da was denied the prime ministership after Indira Gandhi's assassination though he was the seniormost member in her cabinet. When he finally became President, Outlook commented "Rajiv's widow was left with no choice but to acknowledge Pranab's unwavering loyalty to the Gandhi dynasty—Sonia included—and life-long services to the party by nominating him for the country's highest constitutional post for the next five years."
In the end, Modi did not need to be in Pranab-da's good books to become PM. But that bonhomie has obviously blossomed even more. On Pranab Mukherjee's birthday, Narendra Modi was effusive in his tweets. The Rashtrapati merited not one, not two but three fulsome tweets about his “sharp mind” and his “insight” and how “few people can match his political experience and stature”. India, we were told was “honoured to have a President like him.”
Earlier in August, Modi had gushed that half-an-hour with Pranab-da was “like reading a good book” and marveled at “what software his brain was made of.”
Pranab Mukherjee is the perfect candidate for Modi to demonstrate his non-partisanship. An old Congress veteran yet one with a famed “trust deficit” with the Gandhis stemming back to that time when he launched his own short-lived party in a huff. And Pranab-da, a man without great mass base, is the consummate political survivor as well and a good person to have on your side. Modi understands that.
The President, on his part, has been more diffident about any public display of affection. When asked for his reaction to Modi's comment that he would have made a better Prime Minister than Manmohan Singh whose boss he once was, Pranab-da just enigmatically replied “You have your own assessment.” He did abandon his prepared speech in Vietnam to extemporize and praise the Modi government for creating a “favourable” impression of India around the globe. And Hindustan Times points out he did cut his two-day Bihar visit short by a day so as not to clash with Modi's “Hunkar rally.” Sometimes actions speak louder than words.
And Mamata should know that. Despite her recent show of solicitousness during the waning days of the UPA regime Mamata had made it clear that she did not consider Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee any real friend of Bengal since she claimed he had sent her back empty handed from Delhi time after time. During the presidential elections, when she tried to nix Pranab Mukherjee's chances, the Bengali channel Akash Bangla wondered ““Was Mamata waiting for just such an opportunity to exact her revenge on Pranab Mukherjee?” Congress MP Adhir Chowdhury remarked that back in 1984 it was Pranab-da who cleared Mamata's first candidature on the Congress ticket.“Mamata offered her gurudakshina to Pranabda by trying to scupper his presidential candidature,” he said.
While they have hugged and made up since then, Pranab Mukherjee, a man often described as a walking encyclopedia with a photographic memory, has surely not forgotten any of it.
Mamata's Bong connection is obviously going to come up short against this kind of camraderie between two of the most powerful people in India today. Modi knows the very savvy Pranab-da will not be a rubber stamp President and he needs to keep him close. And as the BJP makes a determined bid to become Bengal's main opposition to Mamata in 2016, and shake off its image as an outsider party in the state, a perception of a love-fest between Modi and Bengal's tallest (figuratively) political leader today does not hurt.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A locksmith may be the person who employs his understanding to maintenance locks and will help you during the time of have to have. Without having the skills and experience possessed by them, you'll be experiencing trouble each every now and then. No matter what variety of problems the locks are supplying you, the competent locksmith gives you the quick correct answers, so you should not stress in case you have neglected the keys within the vehicle and are locked away from the car, locksmiths is definitely the reply to the prayers. Should you are conscious of the locksmith suppliers in the vicinity of by your home then take into account your self fortunate as you are presently from the situation locksmiths247.
A locksmith can execute quite a few works like switching with the locks and looking after the lifeless bolts, but not a lot of men and women are conscious which they also find out about automobile repairs and installing the safes with your residence for storing the precious belongings like dollars and jewelry. A talented locksmith will get rid of your sufferings in a brief span of time, whether or not it incorporates trouble giving keys or locks. Try to be confident when you have a specialist locksmith by your facet. There are many kinds of locksmiths like car or truck locksmith and protected locksmith; you'll be able to decide on them according to your requirements and as outlined by the demand in the condition.
The awareness and mechanism is utilized by the locksmith to take care of the things at your house. It truly is very very important to find a locksmith, who's well mindful of the trade, in addition to employ the one that has received the certificate and it is specialist in his subject.
In recent times, locksmiths have entered various variety of niches and so are pretty modern-day inside their strategy. They know every little thing from key fobs, essential locks to biometric access. A lot of of them have earlier labored together with the safety consultants to shield people today as well as their possessions so they have a honest idea of tips on how to continue to keep you protected and secure.
Before the issuance of license to your locksmith, his private information like tax details, ID and passport data is required by the corporation to verify the authenticity. A few of the companies also demand the fingerprints of the locksmiths to make sure that they do not make the most in their expertise and commit crimes. Hence, it is actually of primary worth to check that the locksmith to get employed is having a license or not. If he doesn't have a single then drop the concept of using any assist from him as he could not be trustworthy to permit entry with your dwelling.
Before selecting a locksmith, request for your certificates and license possessed by him and verify them very carefully. This really is extremely crucial and no threat ought to be taken in these situations. Locksmith Manhattan and residential locksmith are classified as the responsible ones, and could be employed in crisis for those who are possessing locks and keys difficulties at your own home.
All You should know About Locksmiths
A locksmith may be the person who employs his understanding to maintenance locks and will help you during the time of have to have. Without having the skills and experience possessed by them, you'll be experiencing trouble each every now and then. No matter what variety of problems the locks are supplying you, the competent locksmith gives you the quick correct answers, so you should not stress in case you have neglected the keys within the vehicle and are locked away from the car, locksmiths is definitely the reply to the prayers. Should you are conscious of the locksmith suppliers in the vicinity of by your home then take into account your self fortunate as you are presently from the situation.
A locksmith can execute quite a few works like switching with the locks and looking after the lifeless bolts, but not a lot of men and women are conscious which they also find out about automobile repairs and installing the safes with your residence for storing the precious belongings like dollars and jewelry. A talented locksmith will get rid of your sufferings in a brief span of time, whether or not it incorporates trouble giving keys or locks. Try to be confident when you have a specialist locksmith by your facet. There are many kinds of locksmiths like car or truck locksmith and protected locksmith; you'll be able to decide on them according to your requirements and as outlined by the demand in the condition.
The awareness and mechanism is utilized by the locksmith to take care of the things at your house. It truly is very very important to find a locksmith, who's well mindful of the trade, in addition to employ the one that has received the certificate and it is specialist in his subject.
In recent times, locksmiths have entered various variety of niches and so are pretty modern-day inside their strategy. They know every little thing from key fobs, essential locks to biometric access. A lot of of them have earlier labored together with the safety consultants to shield people today as well as their possessions so they have a honest idea of tips on how to continue to keep you protected and secure.
Before the issuance of license to your locksmith, his private information like tax details, ID and passport data is required by the corporation to verify the authenticity. A few of the companies also demand the fingerprints of the locksmiths to make sure that they do not make the most in their expertise and commit crimes. Hence, it is actually of primary worth to check that the locksmith to get employed is having a license or not. If he doesn't have a single then drop the concept of using any assist from him as he could not be trustworthy to permit entry with your dwelling.
Before selecting a locksmith, request for your certificates and license possessed by him and verify them very carefully. This really is extremely crucial and no threat ought to be taken in these situations. Locksmith Manhattan and residential locksmith are classified as the responsible ones, and could be employed in crisis for those who are possessing locks and keys difficulties at your own home.
In one North Carolina town, some residents may not get an answer to their 911 calls because the police are running out of gas money.
In a town council meeting Tuesday night, Smithfield, North Carolina Police Chief Michael Scott will ask officials to let him use $30,000 meant for office supplies to buy gas for patrol cars, the Raleigh News and Observer reports. If he doesn't get the money, Smith said the police force may stop responding to some 911 calls and investigating misdemeanors because he's already cut patrols.
Smithfield isn't the only town looking for ways to cut costs to contend with budget woes. High unemployment and a struggling housing market have pushed more than half of U.S. cities to cut staff, boost fees or cancel infrastructure projects, according to the National League of Cities. The situation has gotten so dire that deep state and local budget cuts may be slowing U.S. economic growth, according to The Associated Press.
City officials in Allen Park, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit, announced Tuesday that they would lay off more than 30 police officers, firefighters and city workers, the Detroit Free Press reports. In Santa Ana, California a budget analysis found that the city may need to take steps including closing some fire stations at night to close a projected $30 million budget gap, according to Voice of OC.
Some localities are looking for other creative ways to trim budgets. Nearly 300 school districts are moving to a four-day week, the Washington Post reports. In Grand Rapids, Flint and Lansing, Michigan city officials will use a $550,000 award from the state's governor to buy a machine to process income tax returns, which will cut down on the cities' manpower needs, according to the Grand Rapids NBC affiliate.
One county is taking what some might argue is a more extreme approach to deficit reduction. Officials in Camden County, Georgia floated hiring prison inmates as firefighters last month to curb costs.
In Smithfield, town council members say there's no way the police will be forced to stop performing necessary services, even in tight economic times.
Texas leaders join coalition to lift Cuba embargo
A tourist poses with a Raul Castro-Barack Obama picture outside a restaurant in Havana. A group of Texas leaders is advocating wider trade and travel between the U.S. and Cuba. A tourist poses with a Raul Castro-Barack Obama picture outside a restaurant in Havana. A group of Texas leaders is advocating wider trade and travel between the U.S. and Cuba. Photo: YURI CORTEZ, Staff Photo: YURI CORTEZ, Staff Image 1 of / 138 Caption Close Texas leaders join coalition to lift Cuba embargo 1 / 138 Back to Gallery
A group of Texas leaders on Thursday joined a nationwide coalition to fully lift the United States' trade embargo with Cuba, aiming to stimulate trade between the pro-business state and the island nation.
The politicians, business leaders and advocates joined the new Texas State Council for Engage Cuba, a national organization that lobbies from Washington, D.C. to end the U.S. travel ban and trade embargo with Cuba. Texas will be the group's eighth statewide effort.
The Texans who joined Engage Cuba's new council include leaders from the Port of Houston Authority, the University of Texas, the Texas Association of Business and Houston's city government. The group plans to hold events in the state to push for free trade with Cuba in the fall.
THROWBACK: Life in Cuba before the 1960 US trade embargo
"We feel that calling for an end to the travel ban and trade embargo is a necessity for Texas business," Texas Association of Business President Chris Wallace said during a media call Thursday morning. "They (Cubans) frankly need the products we are known for here in Texas, particularly around agriculture."
Engage Cuba's main efforts center on pushing for three bills currently in Congress, the Agricultural Export Expansion Act of 2015, the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act and the Cuba Trade Act of 2015.
For Texas, opening free trade with Cuba would mean an expanded market for the state's agricultural products. During the first half of the 20th century, Cuba was the largest market for U.S. long-grain rice exports, with many producers concentrated on the Gulf Coast. The Peterson Institute for International Economics estimated that U.S. exports to Cuba could reach $6 billion a year nationwide.
TRAVELING? Everything you need to know about travel to Cuba
U.S. trade with Cuba would also increase exports through the Port of Houston. Port of Houston commissioner Theldon Branch said Thursday that the port has long shipped non-embargoed items to Cuba, but that full trade would greatly increase business for the port.
"We believe there is a lot of upside for not only the state of Texas, but for the Houston region," Branch said.
Cuba's proximity to Texas, too, means the state will be a key player if Cuba becomes a full trade partner with the United States.
"This is an extraordinary and rare opportunity," said Dave Shaw, president of the statewide leadership group Texas Lyceum. "It's not very common Texas gets to develop a new trading partner in our region."
As of today's dev channel build, we're adding a brand-new feature to Google Chrome: bookmark sync. Many users have several machines, one at home and one at work for example. This new feature makes it easy to keep the same set of bookmarks on all your machines, and stores them alongside your Google Docs for easy web access.
--enable-sync command-line flag. Once you set up sync from the Tools menu, Chrome will then upload and store your bookmarks in your Google Account. Anytime you add or change a bookmark, your changes will be sent to the cloud and immediately broadcast to all other computers for which you've activated bookmark sync (using the same To activate this feature, launch Google Chrome with thecommand-line flag. Once you set up sync from the Tools menu, Chrome will then upload and store your bookmarks in your Google Account. Anytime you add or change a bookmark, your changes will be sent to the cloud and immediately broadcast to all other computers for which you've activated bookmark sync (using the same XMPP technology as Google Talk ).
For more information on this, please see this email to chromium-dev
Happy syncing!
Posted by Tim Steele, Software Engineer
Reusable Django apps have a sore spot right now: media.
Introduction
Django takes a hands-off approach to your media files. Your project has two settings, MEDIA_URL (the base URL where your media is located) and MEDIA_ROOT (the filesystem path where media files are stored). The only thing it does with This is put FileField files under MEDIA_ROOT . The rest – collecting the required files, serving them up somehow, and ensuring that they're loaded from MEDIA_URL in templates – is completely up to the developer. This mostly works out great, since many sites will have a dedicated media server, and developers probably know better than Django which media files should be loaded where. It isn't perfect, however, because there is one thing Django could help with: collecting the required files.
The problem
Some Django apps – batchadmin, for example – distribute media (CSS, images, JavaScript) that is necessary (or recommended) for the app to work. Doing this is currently ad hoc and annoying for both the app developer and the app user.
Since there is only one MEDIA_ROOT , the app's files have to get in there somehow. How do they get there? Who knows, but the person installing the app has to do it manually. Okay, now the app should be able to access its media, right? Maybe. It depends, where did the user copy/link/move those files to, anyway? The app must now define its own settings so the user can tell it where they put the app's media files in MEDIA_ROOT .
The solution
The approach I propose is hopefully the simplest thing that could possibly work. I think that approach is to just find all media files in the project's INSTALLED_APPS and put them in MEDIA_ROOT . This idea has resulted in a collectmedia management command that can be run once by the user at installation or deployment time. This way, if you have apps laid out like:
app1/media/ app1/media/app1/ app1/media/app1/css/style.css app1/media/app1/js/forms.js app2/media/ app2/media/app2/ app2/media/app2/css/fonts.css app2/media/app2/img/icon.png
…then running collectmedia will let the apps reference their media like so (in a template, for example):
{{ MEDIA_URL }}app1/css/style.css {{ MEDIA_URL }}app2/css/fonts.css
Just like with reusable app templates, it should be bested practice to make a subdirectory under media with the same name as the app. This way, app2 can override app1's style by including a file with the path app2/media/app1/css/style.css . And just like with templates, when multiple apps provide a file with the same relative path, the app listed in INSTALLED_APPS first is selected.
This approach avoids having Django try to do any sort of dynamic dispatching of media files, because that would eliminate the advantage of using a media server completely independent of Django.
Speak up
If you have ideas or opinions on this matter, and especially if you want to see something like this included in Django, check out the relevant thread on the django-developers mailing list.
Bitcoin Cash support
[medium.com]
I would suggest adding Bitcoin Cash (BCH) as a payment option for Steam purchases.Over the past year, I've observed a steady decline in user experience when making payments via Bitcoin (BTC) due to increasing transaction fees and unpredictable confirmation waiting times. Personally I have stopped using BTC as the fees have risen to $10 or more, typically enough for a whole game by itself. It would appear that the BTC developers are refusing to improve the scalability of the system to alleviate this problem. Background info BCH is a fork of BTC (both the codebase and blockchain data) that fully intends to pick up the ball where BTC dropped it, and is committed to being first and foremost frictionless P2P cash, as opposed to an immobile store of value. Website: bitcoincash.org Thank you for your consideration.
They are some of the most bad ass movie characters ever created, and now we get a first-hand look at what would happen if these blood soaked legends fronted a heavy metal band. Thankfully there is no shortage of sub genres within the metal realm, so lets take a close look at which genre would suit these psychotic slashers.
Jason Voorhees
Death Metal
He's got the size and intimidation factor going for him, and looks like he could join Cannibal Corpse on stage and fit like a bloody glove. Something also tells me theres quite a death growl building in those deteriorating vocal chords hidden behind that hockey mask.
Pinhead
Black Metal
Its no shocker here that our favorite leather clad sadist would be an amazing frontman for the one genre who's fashion requirements take a page straight from the Cenobites closet. He's even dabbled in the genre several times by doing a guest spot on several Cradle of Filth records.
Freddy Krueger
Thrash Metal
The charismatic Springwood Slasher has a perfect mix of sadistic sarcasm and terrifying threats to be the perfect thrash metal frontman. I imagine his vocal style would be similar to Dave Mustaine, where his sarcastic statements could easily glorify the intensity of the song at hand.
Michael Myers
Doom Metal
His silence is matched only by his demented intensity, and would be the perfect accent to droning guitars with depressing sludge riffs. Some of the moaning we hear from behind his mask even rivals doom legends Anathema's earliest records.
Leatherface
Grindcore
He doesn't play games with his victims, and gets straight to the killing. A true characteristic of the grindcore genre where songs are short, straight to the point, and even resemble the sound of a chainsaw in some cases.
Austin Police are looking for a hit and run driver who injured a pedicab passenger on Wednesday night. She was headed to an event for SXSW when it happened.
Austin Police say they don't have a license plate or any video of the car. They say all they have is a description of the car, and that it may have been a dark colored BMW, possibly a 2011 5 series. They also say it was reported that the car was going 50 miles per hour over the Congress Avenue Bridge. That is 20 miles over the speed limit.
David Tashnick, the owner of the pedicab company, Easy Rider Pedicab tells Fox 7 the driver was about to turn left into a parking lot just over the bridge when he was rear-ended. He says his driver is recovering at home. His passenger had to be taken to the hospital.
Her father, Brian Kern tells FOX 7 several bones were broken in his daughter's face.
Austin Police say it's hard to solve hit and run cases because they are rarely able to get a license plate number. They say with the only 3 on that team and the volume of cases they are investigating, that's why they need the public's help, They are asking anyone with information about this case to come forward.
“It is very frustrating when someone refuses to take responsibility and stay behind,” says Sergeant David McDonald, adding, “the only way we really solve these cases is with citizen input. So just you know don't just drive around with your head down. If you see something, try to be good witness, get us information that will help us solve the case.
Statistics from the Austin Police Department show:
In 2014
There were 380 cases where someone was injured and the driver failed to stop and render aid, 70 of those drivers were arrested.
There were 10,509 cases where there was property damage and the driver fled, 271 of those drivers were arrested.
In 2015
There were 460 cases where someone was injured and the driver failed to stop and render aid, 87 of those drivers were arrested.
There were 11,470 cases where there was property damage and the driver fled, 283 of those drivers were arrested.
In 2014
There were 462 cases where someone was injured and the driver failed to stop and render aid, 82 of those drivers were arrested.
There were 12,918 cases where there was property damage and the driver fled, 310 of those drivers were arrested.
Easy Rider Pedicab's owner, David Tashnick and the pedicab passenger's father, Brian Kern say they are planning to hire a private investigator to track down video of the car and it's driver. Tashnick says he hopes to also offer a reward for the person that helps to solve the case.
At the mouth of Baffin Bay just off the West Coast of Greenland today hurricane force wind gusts are blowing in from the south.
This roaring invasion of warm air originates from the Central Atlantic along a latitude line south of the Azores. It climbs hundreds of miles north to where it is intensified between a grinding 975 mb low off Labrador and a massive 1042 mb high squatting over Central Greenland. Temperatures in this warm air mass range from near 50 degrees (F) over Southwestern Greenland to around 40 degrees (F) over the mouth of Baffin Bay. Or between 9 and 36 degrees (F) above normal for this time of year.
(Hurricane force wind gusts are driving a wedge of above freezing air into Baffin Bay and over Western Greenland at a time when these regions should be seeing well below freezing conditions. Image source: Earth Nullschool.)
This warm wind driven air mass is expected to move north over the next 24 to 48 hours. It will steadily blanket both glaciers and areas typically covered with sea ice. And as it does so, it will push temperatures above freezing for large sections of both Baffin Bay and Western Greenland with above 32 F readings progressing as far as the Petermann Glacier.
What this means is that temperatures will likely hit record ranges of up to 54 degrees Fahrenheit above average in some locations near the far northern extent of this expected warm air invasion. Overall, Greenland itself is expected to see 15 degree (F) above average readings for the entire island. This will generate brief surface melt conditions for parts of Greenland during late November.
(Large region of 20 to 30 C, or 36 to 54 F, above average temperatures is predicted to blanket Greenland and the Canadian Archipelago after moving north through Baffin Bay over the next two days. Image source: Global and Regional Climate Anomalies.)
Strong warm air invasions of the Arctic at this time of year are a signal coming from human-forced climate change. As the northern pole darkens with winter, a global warming related phenomena called polar amplification ramps up. In addition, during recent years, we've seen warm air slots tend to develop beneath strong ridging features in the upper level Jet Stream. This year, the warm air slots have tended to form over the Bering Sea along the Pacific side of the Arctic and progress northward into the Chukchi. This has resulted in a large zone of ice free waters for a typically frozen region between Alaska and Siberia as warm winds and storm force waves have continuously beat the ice back.
The present warm air invasion for Greenland may be a signal that a similar warm air slot is attempting to develop over Baffin Bay going forward. Or it may be a fluke in the overall pattern. Watch this space.
UPDATE 11/29/2017: As predicted, temperatures over the Petermann Glacier hit above freezing at around 2200 UTC yesterday. According to climate reanalysis, temperatures for the region are ranging between 50-54 F above average in present model estimates for 11/29. In other words, the warm air invasion progressed as expected and resulted in above freezing temperatures for brief periods across Western and Northern Greenland.
10: At 2200 UTC yesterday, according to climate reanalysis by Earth Nullschool, temperatures over the Petermann Glacier in NW Greenland hit 1.9 C or 35.42 F. In other words, the forecast has been confirmed. pic.twitter.com/SDI7Thnt4h — Robert Fanney (@robertscribbler) November 29, 2017
Overall temperatures for Greenland are presently 15.5 F (8.6 C) above average in the models while the Arctic as a whole is 9.9 F (5.5 C) above average.
Advertisements
The former chairman of Northern Rock, Matt Ridley, has described his leadership of the failed bank as a "catastrophic black mark" on his CV.
The Eton-educated journalist and scientist followed his father onto the board of Northern Rock.
However, he resigned in 2007 after the bank was forced to go to the Government for emergency funding.
In an interview with Newcastle's The Journal newspaper, Mr Ridley said: "I enormously regret what happened at Northern Rock. It's an incredibly painful memory for me and it's something that I will live with for the rest of my life.
"I have nothing but remorse for my role in what happened. I've apologised and explained as much as I can what happened before the Treasury Select Committee."
Mr Ridley and Adam Applegarth, Northern Rock's chief executive, were called in front of the Treasury Select Committee after the bank collapsed in 2007. Members of the committee blamed him for "damaging the good name of British banking".
However, Mr Ridley said he and other bankers were shocked by the speed and severity of the financial crisis.
In the interview, he said: "We were all taken by surprise by that. There was almost nobody who saw it coming. Those who did were not in the right place to warn everyone else. Northern Rock ended up suffering a fate no different from any other mortgage bank. They all disappeared as a result of the crisis, and I learnt a lot from it."
Since stepping down from Northern Rock in 2007, Mr Ridley has resumed his career in science. He is currently chairman of the science park at the International Centre for Life. In May he publishedThe Rational Optimist: How Prosperity Evolves.
Mr Ridley's family seat is the 8,500-acre Blagdon Hall Estate in Northumberland. His father is Viscount Ridley, a former chairman of Northern Rock and chairman of Newcastle University. Mr Ridley's uncle, the late Nicholas Ridley, was a Conservative MP and a minister in the Thatcher government.
The Blackhawks​​ can finally move forward with their plans.
The NHL has informed the Blackhawks they're allowed to place Marian Hossa on long-term injured reserve this season. The NHL had used an independent physician to verify Hossa's progressive skin disorder.
“We informed the Blackhawks last night that we had received the medical report from the neutral specialist selected to examine Marian Hossa pursuant to applicable provisions of the NHL/NHLPA CBA, and that the report confirmed the diagnosis of the Chicago team physician that Mr. Hossa is currently unfit to play,” NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly wrote in an email on Tuesday. “As a result, the Long-Term Injury/Illness Exception is available for use by the team in connection with Mr. Hossa's condition.”
Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville said the organization planned to place Hossa on long-term injured reserve on Wednesday.
The Blackhawks and Hossa had announced his condition and that he would be sitting out this season in June, but the Blackhawks still needed the league to sign off on being permitted to place Hossa on long-term injured reserve. It's common practice for the league to conduct a review of such medical cases, but there was additional scrutiny because of Hossa being 38 years old and having four years remaining on his contract.
With the NHL's decision finalized, the Blackhawks are expected to build a season-opening roster close to the cap ceiling – the Blackhawks can go up to $75.650 million after putting Michal Rozsival on long-term injured reserve on Monday – and then place Hossa on long-term injured reserve. By doing so, the Blackhawks will be able to utilize Hossa's $5.275 cap hit throughout the season.
CapFriendly.com laid out the Blackhawks' likely plan.
With news out that Hossa is eligible for LTIR, here's our assumption as to what the #Blackhawks might do in order to maximize the cap space. pic.twitter.com/EPP1y0BRrR — CapFriendly (@CapFriendly) October 3, 2017
(Top photo: Sergei Belski/USA TODAY Sports)
In 2006, the year after the storm, wage and salary income for the average Katrina victim in our sample is roughly $2,200 lower than their matched counterparts. Remarkably, the earnings gap is erased the following year, and by 2008, the hurricane victims actually have higher wage income and total income than control households.
That is from a new NBER working paper by Tatyana Deryugina, Laura Kawano, and Steven Levitt. I agree with this claim:
…strong ties to a place, especially a place with limited economic opportunities such as New Orleans, have adverse economic consequences. When forced by an exogenous shock to migrate, people are able to choose from a wide range of possible locations to move to, and they seem to choose places that offer them better economic opportunities.
You will find an ungated version here.
Police have arrested and charged a 14-year-old teen in connection with 15 armed robberies in the past 30 days.The crime spree occurred on streets at various hours near Drexel University campus.Police said many of the robberies were violent, including the most recent incident that occurred on Wednesday, Sept. 30, around 6:45 a.m. in the 400 block of North Preston Street.Police said the suspect approached a woman and produced a black handgun. Despite telling her "don't scream," police said the woman yelled as the suspect reached for her purse.The suspect then pushed the women to the ground, took her purse and attempted to flee on a bicycle on the 4000 block of Spring Garden Street.The woman pursued the suspect, attempting to knock him off the bicycle and take her purse back. The suspect got off, pushed her to the ground, again, punched her in the face twice and fled in the same direction.The victim said the suspect took a small-style purse, light brown in color, with a shoulder strap. In it was wallet identification, credit cards, a Samsung Galaxy S5 cell phone and other items.Police said the suspect, a student at Overbrook High School, sometimes had 2 accomplices accompany him during the crimes.Surveillance video was released Friday of the suspect using a credit card he had just strong-armed from a victim at 40th and Preston streets, and tips came in quickly.He was taken into custody overnight.Through its social network, the university had notified the student body about the crime spree.They are relieved to know the suspect has been apprehended, but stunned to learn of his young age.In total, the suspect has been charged in the following robberies that occurred on the noted dates and locations:- Sept. 30: 400 block of North Preston Street- Sept. 29: 3900 block of Baring Street- Sept. 27: 400 block of North 41st Street- Sept. 21: Preston Street and Powelton Avenue- Sept. 21: 4400 block of Sansom Street- Sept. 18: 32nd Street and Haverford Avenue- Sept. 18: 3100 block of Hamilton Street- Sept. 18: 500 block of North 34th Street- Sept. 18: 600 block of North 34th Street- Sept. 17: 600 block of North 32nd Street- Sept. 10: 4000 block of Baring Street- Sept. 5: 4000 block of Spring Garden Street- Sept. 5: 34th Street and Mantua Avenue- Sept. 5: 3500 block of Hamilton Street- Aug. 30: 400 block of North 35th Street
Bright and colorful and absolutely brimming with joy, Susan and Kevin's gorgeous October wedding was practically pulled right from the pages of a fairytale.
Susan Patel and Kevin Ratigan met one serendipitous night in Birmingham. Kevin happened to be out celebrating his birthday when he spotted Susan and asked her out on a date, counting on the fact that she wouldn't have the heart to turn him down on his birthday. He was proven right, and after dating for three happy years, Kevin memorized a speech in Gujarati and asked Susan's mother for her hand in marriage. Susan describes this respectful gesture as an “epic fail,” as Kevin was kept waiting for 10 minutes before he received his answer. Luckily, after a quick discussion between Susan's mom and sister, that answer turned out to be “yes”!
Though the request for permission didn't quite go according to plan, the proposal that would follow was an absolute dream. Susan and Kevin were in New York at Studio Cafe atop the Whitney Museum of American Art. Kevin insisted on walking to the rooftop edge and taking a photo of the city's stunning skyline. That's when he got down on one knee, pulled a box out of his pocket and asked Susan to be his wife.
Susan always knew that she wanted to honor her culture by following the rich traditions of an Indian wedding. “Growing up here in America, I always thought the American wedding was beautiful, but I knew I wanted to stay true to my culture and have a traditional Indian wedding. I also wanted to take Kevin's ideas for what he wanted for our wedding day into consideration,” she says. Susan's vision for the day involved the perfect balance of individual styles — Indian customs with nods to American culture, shabby chic with touches of glam — all with the feel of being enveloped in a lush, whimsical garden. She turned to Becky Baker at Becky's Brides to help her pull together every stunning detail of her dream wedding weekend.
A romantic blush color palette inspired by Susan's longtime love of pink served as the starting point for the overall look of the day. Abundant florals in soft shades of blush and cream with delicate greenery and pops of deep purple captured the garden feel Susan dreamed of. The wedding party, dressed in bright teal, perfectly complemented the bride and groom's red, gold and cream attire, a signature Indian color palette, all combining to create the perfect day, rich in both tradition and joy.
After a busy year of thoughtful planning, the wedding weekend, packed full with all of the ceremonies and celebrations Susan had envisioned, finally arrived. Several religious ceremonies took place the day preceding the wedding, and Susan and Kevin elected to break common custom in this instance and have their Vidhi and Pithi ceremonies together. In the Mandya Mahurat and Griha Shanti portion of the Vidhi, the parents of the couple request blessings from Mother Earth and the nine planets. During the Pithi, a paste is made from sandalwood powder, turmeric powder and rosewater and applied to the exposed parts of the body, purifying and blessing the bride and groom. Then that evening, the Mehndi party, hosted under the terrace and among the twinkling lights at Aldridge Gardens, served as the final preparation for the big day. Family and friends came together to dine and celebrate the bride and groom while women were adorned with intricate henna art on their hands and feet.
RELATED: 15 Gorgeous & Unique Wedding Venues Around Birmingham
The day of the wedding before the ceremony began, Kevin rode in on a white horse for the music- and dance-filled baraat. “I like to call this the groom's parade,” Susan says. “This is how the groom and his family arrive to the mandap, dancing and celebrating as the bride's family welcomes him.”
Following the baraat, the families made their way upstairs to the ballroom for the beautiful ceremony, witnessed by more than 400 guests, where the couple participated in the traditional ceremony and vowed to take care of and support each other. At the conclusion of the ceremony, Kevin placed sindoor, a vermilion powder mixture, in the part of Susan's hair and presented her with a mangal sutra, a black beaded necklace, both of which signify that she is now a married woman.
Following the ceremony, the bride and groom changed out of their traditional Indian attire for the reception and stole away for some rooftop photos, a nod to their New York engagement, while the ceremony area transitioned into a reception space during the cocktail hour. The ballroom at the Hyatt Regency transformed from a beautiful, elegant ceremony space to a romantic reception venue, both of which perfectly captured Susan's enchanted garden vision.
RELATED: Your Ultimate Guide to Stress-Free Wedding Planning
After they were introduced as Mr. and Mrs. Ratigan at the reception, Susan and Kevin took the floor and shared their first dance as husband and wife to “Everything I Do” by Bryan Adams, a moment which was among Susan's favorites of the day. “At that moment it was just me and him surrounded by the people that love and care about us,” Susan remembers. Tearjerking toasts, a delicious meal and, of course, plenty of cake followed. The happy couple then spent rest of the evening dancing the night away. After a night of celebration among loved ones, Susan and Kevin were showered with pink, cream and purple rose petals as they headed off to their own happily ever after.
We wish you every happiness, Susan and Kevin! Thank you for sharing your beautiful day with us!
RESOURCES
Wedding planning: Becky's Brides
Photography: Sweet Julep Photography
Bride's lengha: Anoki Ada from Shyamal & Bhumika
Bride's reception gown: Image Boutique
Venue and American catering: Hyatt Wynfrey Hotel
Florals: KG Designs
Cake: Magic Muffins
Entertainment and lighting: Indaglow Productions
Horse: 3-H Stables
Linens and chairs: Decor to Adore
Rentals: Event Rentals Unlimited
Hair and makeup: Melissa Moore Bogardus
Invitation suite: XHD Invites
Many people on Wall Street and Republicans on Capitol Hill don't like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and they don't like Elizabeth Warren.
That's not really surprising. The two are inextricably connected. In fact, the agency was her idea.
Critics say the CFPB, which has forced misbehaving banks to return more than $12 billion to consumers, is the epitome of government overreach and wields too much unchecked power. Warren and other proponents argue it's a key watchdog agency working for American consumers.
The years-long fight over the CFPB reached a boiling point on Friday night when director Richard Cordray resigned and named his chief of staff, Leandra English, as deputy director. That move teed her up to take over as the bureau's acting director per the rules of the agency established under 2010's Dodd-Frank act.
Trump subsequently announced that Mick Mulvaney, the current director of the Office of Management and Budget, would be acting director of the consumer watchdog agency.
On Sunday night, English filed a lawsuit against Trump and Mulvaney, seeking a court order halting the appointment of Mulvaney as acting director.
Related: Cordray resignation sets off scramble over bureau
Warren tweeted Sunday night that Trump "has put a cloud of uncertainty" over the CFPB. On Friday, the Massachusetts senator tweeted that English is the rightful acting director.
The Dodd-Frank Act is clear: if there is a @CFPB Director vacancy, the Deputy Director becomes Acting Director. @realDonaldTrump can't override that. pic.twitter.com/r949ccaJAb — Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) November 25, 2017
The president "can nominate the next @CFPB Director - but until that nominee is confirmed by the Senate, Leandra English is the Acting Director under the Dodd-Frank Act."
The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act is a massive post-recession reform law. The act included provisions to establish the CFPB.
The idea was birthed in a paper Warren wrote in 2007 while she was a law professor at Harvard. She moved to Washington after Dodd-Frank passed to help then-President Obama get CFPB up and running. She touted it as a tool to protect average people from banks behaving badly.
The agency hit a leadership scuffle right off the bat. Obama considered naming Warren to direct the agency, but it became clear that corporate players and Republicans on the Hill wouldn't have it. They feared she'd be too zealous a leader.
So Obama tapped Cordray, but even he was forced to lead the agency as "acting director" because Republicans in the Senate blocked his formal confirmation. By the time they greenlit his appointment, in 2013, it was a largely symbolic move.
Since then, the CFPB has proved hungry to take on big banks, shady payday lenders and everything in between. In the wake of Wells Fargo's fake account scandal, for example, CFPB ordered the bank to pay a $185 million fine and dole out $5 million in customer refunds. The agency also maintains a public database of complaints against financial companies.
Related: White House defends Mulvaney's appointment to CFPB
Wall Street and most Republicans loathe the agency, and they see Cordray's resignation as chance to remake it.
Republicans argue it's a "rogue" agency because it's not funded by Congress, and it's run by a single director who can't be fired by the president at will. (Those provisions have prompted one federal court to rule the CFPB "unconstitutionally structured.")
In February, just after Trump's inauguration, Republicans declared all-out war on the CFPB, and introduced legislation to dismantle it.
"The CFPB has eroded freedom, trampled due process and killed jobs. It must go," Chairman of the House Financial Services committee Jeb Hensarling wrote in a February op-ed in the Wall Street Journal.
The Consumer Bankers Association, a trade group that represents retail banks, said in a statement Saturday that "the CFPB's current governing structure is a dictatorship, period."
And the White House's move Friday to install Mulvaney, who worked to kill the agency while he served in Congress, signals Republicans are still out to dismantle it.
However, confusion still reigns about who's actually in charge.
Related: Trump kills rule that made it easier for people to sue banks
The White House doubled down on its declaration that Mulvaney is the rightful acting director during a conference call with reporters on Saturday. An official argued it's a "typical, routine" course of action for a president to fill such vacancies.
Mulvaney, who once called the CFPB a "sick, sad joke," said in a statement Saturday that he will ensure CFPB works to "protect [Americans] while ensuring free and fair markets for all consumers."
"I look forward to working with the expert personnel within the agency to identify how the Bureau can transition to be more effective in its mission, while becoming more accountable to the taxpayer," he said.
For its part, the CFPB has been mum since Cordray resigned on Friday night.
One thing is certain: Trump does have the authority to nominate a permanent leader for the CFPB.
But the nominee will need to be confirmed by the Senate -- where he or she will undoubtedly face a grilling from Warren. And Warren has proven her willingness to hold up Trump appointees for months on end.
Updated: This article has been updated to add news of Sunday night's lawsuit by English.
OG Maco is rap's reigning creative shouter. The Quality Control Music signee has racked more than 12 million views on August's ear-splitting "U Guessed It"—today, he finally shares his staggering, self-titled debut EP. It's a 15-song sprint, with lean beats by Zaytoven, FKi, Brandon Thomas, and Deko. Maco shines on "CRU," bouncing from wall-to-wall yelling about revolution, and on "12 Bricks," which crawls along at a start-stop pace with a smirk, like an Arca song might. Honorable mention to Atlanta badmon Zuse, who lends his aggro tenor singing to "Heat," the song which precedes the EP's insanely operatic finale, "Undefeated."
"This tape is a culmination of every failure and lesson it ever took to achieve victory with my team, with my family and for the world," Maco told The FADER. Get to know him and his crew better, then put on your sneakers, go outside, and punch the air to this.
Today I gonna describe conditional module loading feature that SystemJS added couple weeks ago. This feature helps you to load your ES2015 (ES6) modules depend on the conditions that you specify.
Keep in mind this feature is still not stable but I am using it in my Employee Scheduling application already without any problem.
Use Case
In my application I am using ES6 modules and creating production bundle with SystemJS Builder. I have a case where I want to load different configuration files depend on environment and I also want to include mock data only for test environment and this is all possible now with new feature introduced in SystemJS.
Conditional Syntax
SystemJS supports two conditional syntaxes Extension Conditions and Boolean Conditions at the time of writing this blog. Before I start describing these syntaxes let's assume I create global env variables that look like this:
env.conditions.js
export var mock = true ; export var environment = 'prod' ;
and then I add this file to jspm.config.js like this:
System . config ({ map : { "ENV" : "env.conditions.js" } });
Extension Conditions
The extension conditions syntax allows a condition module to alter the resolution of an import so I can use variables from previous section in my condition extension import:
import './config.#{ENV|environment}.js' ;
and SystemJS will replace this variable with string value:
import './config.prod.js' ;
Boolean Conditions
The boolean conditions syntax allows a module not to be loaded if it's not needed:
import './employee.mock.js#?ENV|mock' ;
In above example SystemJS will not load this module as ENV.mock is set to false . There is also support for negated conditions via ~ symbol:
import './employee.mock.js#?~ENV|mock' ;
In this case module is loaded because value ENV.mock is negated to true .
There are not so many condition options that you can use but even with these few options I find SystemJS conditional import feature really powerful in my projects.
Real Use Case
I have described conditional syntax but let's have look on some real example and how to get these conditions running with SystemJS and SystemJS Builder in real project.
In my projects I like to use npm scripts and hide all the logic there so when I want to run application I use follow commands:
npm start -- --env = DEV npm start -- --env = TEST npm start -- --env = PROD
The command npm start start the application and env arguments are passed through CLI into gulp or other build tool of your choice. These env values are important because we need to get them to SystemJS so here is my development flow.
1.
I create gulp task that inject arguments passing through cli into file that we gonna create in second step. The reason why I inject these values instead manually add them is because these values are changing depends on arguments passing from cli .
gulp . task ( 'config' , () => { return gulp . src ( path . app . config . conditions ) . pipe ( inject ( gulp . src ( '.' ), { starttag : '/* inject:env */' , endtag : '/* endinject */' , transform : () => ` export var mock = $ { ENV . toLowerCase () === 'test' }; \ nexport var environment = '${env.toLowerCase()}' ; ` })) . pipe ( gulp . dest ( path . root )); });
NOTE: It's up to you what approach you decide to use to dynamically inject env variables to env.conditions.js file. In my projects I use gulp-inject.
2.
I create env.conditions.js file where I inject all conditions via gulp task that we created in step 1.
'use strict' ; /* inject:env */ export var mock = false ; export var environment = 'prod' ; /* endinject */
I also commit this file to git and then stop tracking changes in this file because you can chance environments quit often during development.
# ask git to stop tracking any changes to env.conditions.js git update-index --assume-unchanged env.conditions.js # if you want to start tracking changes again to env.conditions.js git update-index --no-assume-unchanged env.conditions.js
3.
I add env.conditions.js file to jspm.config.js and register ENV module with SystemJS.
System . config ({ map : { "ENV" : "src/app/core/config/env.conditions.js" } });
4.
Now you can start using these conditions in the project e.g:
config.js
'use strict' ; import './config.#{ENV|environment}.js' ; import { ACCESS_LEVELS } from '../constants/constants.js' ; import { Config , Run , Inject } from '../../ng-decorators' ;
employee.js
'use strict' ; import './employee.mock.js#?ENV|mock' ; import AbstractResource from '../abstract-resource' ; import { Service , Inject } from '../../../ng-decorators' ;
All previous steps describe development workflow when you are developing your application but at the end of day you want to create production code which mean create a bundle with SystemJS Builder. SFX bundles do support conditional builds but they work little a bit differently than conditions in development workflow. There is open ticket #311 to support multiple conditional variations. So for now you need to add conditions like is show in below gulp bundle task:
gulp . task ( 'bundle' , [ 'jshint' ], ( cb ) => { const Builder = require ( 'systemjs-builder' ); const builder = new Builder (); const inputPath = 'src/app/app' ; const outputFile = ` $ { path . tmp . scripts } build . js ` ; const outputOptions = { conditions : { 'src/app/core/config/env.conditions.js|mock.js' : ENV . toLowerCase () === 'test' , 'src/app/core/config/env.conditions.js|environment' : ENV . toLowerCase () }, sourceMaps : true , config : { sourceRoot : path . tmp . scripts } }; builder . loadConfig ( ` $ { path . root } /jspm.conf.js` ) . then (() => { builder . buildStatic ( inputPath , outputFile , outputOptions ) . then (() => cb ()) . catch (( ex ) => cb ( new Error ( ex ))); }); });
Conclusion
The real use case of SystemJS conditional import can be found in my Employee Scheduling project. Keep in mind this feature is still in development and it might change in the future. Currently you probably won't find any documentation for conditional import so I would suggest to look at SystemJS source code or SystemJS test cases for more examples.
Keenan Allen contorted his body and left his feet, adjusting to a deep, back-shoulder Philip Rivers pass Monday during a one-on-one drill. Not even Jason Verrett clawing at the ball as they fell to the ground could break his hold.
Verrett stood up.
He clapped his hands together.
These are the plays that can make both better. These are the plays that can bring Verrett closer to what teammates believe he'll become.
How Verrett has competed with Chargers receivers, particularly Allen, has been among the early highlights of training camp. These same receivers are convinced what it's in store for Verrett, who'll soon draw a new test. San Diego will begin its preseason Thursday night against the Cowboys.
Stevie Johnson spent six years in the AFC East.
In that span, the wide receiver shared a field with Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis six times. He found mixed success, a couple big games in 2011 to his credit with a 2012 meeting in which he was held to 14 yards on seven targets with a Revis interception.
So, Johnson does not lack perspective.
"He's going to be the best cornerback in the league," Johnson said of Verrett. "That's how I feel. My opinion, it is what it is. I only say it because I played against Revis, and they all have him as the best in the league. The similarities are unreal like the balance, the footwork, how he can stay over top, how he can make up (separation). It's all similar to Revis.
"Not saying that they're the same guy — I don't want to be taking anything away from Darrelle Revis. They are individuals. But when I line up against him, I feel the same way about Jason Verrett as I do Darrelle Revis."
View the photo gallery: Chargers practice 8/10/2015
High praise.
Repeat it to others, and it's met with head nods and echoes. Such has been the level of competition this offseason.
"He's just so quick and fast," wide receiver Malcom Floyd said. "He can mirror you if you're not technique-sound. ... He really forces us to implement what coach taught us on the field and not get out of whack. Even when you're tired, you've got to focus against this guy."
"It's kind of early right now, but he's definitely on his way to being one of the best corners in the league," Allen said. "He's got a lot of patience. His make-up speed is crazy. He's fast as hell. That's why I have difficulty with him; he can just outrun me and beat me to the spot. But he's good, he's smart, and he has ball skills, too."
Verrett, a 2014 first-round pick, impressed as a rookie over six games.
A shoulder injury led to season-ending surgery in November. Whether better health luck will come this season remains to be seen, but Verrett has controlled what is controllable. He worked hard and came back this year, coach Mike McCoy said Monday, with more overall confidence and added comfort in the Chargers' defense, a natural progression with experience.
In practice, Verrett gains experience where he can against veteran wide receivers.
That includes Allen, who is going into his third year.
Chargers Huddle daily newsletter Sign up for our San Diego Chargers newsletter to get the latest Chargers headlines in your inbox every day by 7 a.m.
"When he and I match up, we know both, out of respect level, we are going to get each other's A-game," Verrett said. "It's not like when he's coming out there, 'OK, we can take this play off.' We go at it. We go at it hard. That's one of my favorite matchups out here."
"Not to put added pressure on him, but I believe he's a top corner right now," Rivers said. "I really do. That's just (from) going against him out here. Obviously, you have to string some games together, some seasons together, so we're not getting our cart ahead of the horse in terms of what we see. Now, he's got to go do it. But he's big time."
January 16th 2013.
David A. Marcus
President
PayPal
2211 North First Street
San Jose,
California 95131
Subject: PayPal for Pakistan
Dear Mr Marcus:
For a little over 10 years now, I have been writing to the President/CEO of PayPal every January asking Why isn't PayPal available in Pakistan? For 11 years straight, I have never received an official reply. Not once.
Pakistan has been shunned by PayPal for many years now. Unofficial reasoning has been plentiful and speculative at best, so I will not delve into it. My goal here are two folds:
(a). Provide a little bit of statistical information about Pakistan
(b). To help PayPal connect with the right audience (Financial Regulators, Banks, etc.) to enable them to operate here in Pakistan.
Pakistan in brief:
Is a country of 180+ Million people.
That puts us as the 6th most populous country in the world.
Our overall Tele Density stands at 72%,
Mobile Tele Density at 68.8%.
Current number of Cellular Users is 121+ Million.
The number of Internet Users in Pakistan 29+ Million
Facebook users are 8+ Million.
Banking-wise, Pakistan has made great strides. Currently their are about 16+ Million users with ATM/Debit Cards
Roughly 5,800 ATMs in the country
35,000+ POS Machines
9,300 Real-Time Online Bank Branches.
On Branchless Banking, Pakistan's numbers are soaring. At present we have about 1.8 Million users who are using Branchless Banking, with quarterly growth at about 25%.
We are by no means a market that is small, under-developed or not connected. We have ATM switches allowing you to do an instant Inter-Bank Funds Transfer (debit/credit) to any bank account in Pakistan (API is offered for this). Almost all the banks offer real-time KYC and AML checks (APIs available for this as well). Despite what you may read in the media, the country is flourishing and business accumen and entrepreneurial spirits are high.
We have an active Internet population (more than the total population of Australia and New Zealand combined), and yet we are deprived of PayPal, whilst countries like Rwanda, Botswana, Fiji, Panama, Sierra Leone, Tonga and Zambia have access to PayPal.
Our economy is much larger than Bhutan, Chad, Honduras, Somalia, Maldives, Rwanda, Uganda, Yemen —combined! – Yet these countries are considered privileged enough to have PayPal, and Pakistan is not.
To put it simply: This is unfair.
I have read a lot about you, on Quora, and various other forums. How you are changing the culture at PayPal. This was enough to give me and my fellow citizens a glimmer of hope, that maybe you will honestly look at our case and communicate with us to help a dream become a reality… of having PayPal in Pakistan.
My credentials on Quora will testify that I am reasonably versed in Money & Payment Systems. I am cognisant that institutions like yours look acutely at issues like AML, KYC and other Legal & Compliance hurdles. I want to assure you, the financial regulator in Pakistan, i.e. State Bank of Pakistan will work with you to address your concerns (if any).
To the best of my knowledge nothing prevents PayPal (from a regulatory, technology or legal point of view from Pakistan's side) for PayPal to operate here. The $64 Million question is – Why doesn't PayPal operate here in Pakistan then?
If there are concerns within PayPal of terrorist funding, etc., then please note, that this is an issue globally not just in Pakistan.
Drug and Terrorist Financing issues are more prevalent in the West than in Pakistan (I can provide you various reports and references as published by the Senate Committees in the US and other US based institutions). Since the mechanism of PayPal payments is electronic, governed, KYC'd at both ends and monitored, there exists (in my opinion) an operable framework by which you can operate here and work with the relevant financial regulators and lawmakers to have PayPal officially launched and covered in Pakistan.
In summary, I would request you to open a dialogue, to ascertain the ground realities in Pakistan vis-a-vis to Factually Incorrect Information. I have in the past cited my willingness to help, providing information or getting PayPal connected to Banks, regulators, whomsoever you would like to meet and/or talk to. I am, in no way proposing or advocating a ‘role' for myself – my intention is just to help you connect with the right people/institutions.
I hope you will give this issue of PayPal not being in Pakistan a genuine effort to reassess our case. I am hopeful that in PayPal's point of view, Pakistan's time has come to join the list of countries where PayPal is offered.
You may contact me via faisal @ ibfsinc.com or alternatively, may inbox me on Quora.
Best Regards,
Faisal Khan.
References:
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Print
Related
Comments
comments
Sina Weibo A search for Obama on Sina Weibo on the night of the first presidential debate came up with over 19 million hits while a search for Romney got just under 700,000.
The US presidential race between incumbent Barack Obama and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney has caught the attention of the Chinese, and the first presidential debate was no exception. The debate began at 9:00 a.m. in Beijing, but well beforehand hundreds on Chinese microblogging platform Sina Weibo posted comments, articles, live blogs and advice on where to stream it. One user said his teacher played it for the class.
The term “debate” had over 9 million mentions, and most of the recent posts referred to the US presidential debate. A search for “Obama,” in Chinese, 奥巴马, came up with over 19 million hits. A search for “Romney,” 罗姆尼, came up with about 672,000 after the debate had finished.
While Chinese netizens seem to be following the election avidly, many were cynical about it and critical of both candidates. Some were impressed by Obama but said he seemed to have lost his edge since his election in 2008. A user named zongfeng wrote, “When Obama answered questions he had prepared, he was extremely smooth and unconstrained but when answering ones he wasn't ready he very obviously lost points.” Another by the name Xisi said, “Obama's debating is as bad as the New York Jets' offense.“
Others criticized Romney's attacks on the president. After Romney accused Obama of taking the US on the wrong economic path, a user by the name Bo Bang said, “If I were a voter I would care more about what he can do and not his criticisms of what others haven't done.” Others called Romney disingenuous. One blogger wrote, “At the end of every debate Romney gives this infuriating smile. Could you be a little more natural?”
One user noted that Romney said he believed in “religious tolerance and freedom,” and then in the next breath said, “We're a nation that believes we're all children of the same God.” Someone else responded, “I don't think anyone knows what they're talking about in these debates.” One user hinted that there was not much difference between the two candidates, repeating an observation his dad had made that except for their ties, Obama and Romney looked and dressed exactly the same.
These Chinese users display a fascination with the openness and spectacle of the campaign, both traits absent from their own system of government. China is in the middle of a leadership transition, with the country's top officials chosen outside of the public view by elites in China's Communist Party
One user by the name wangran said after the debate, “What impressed me the most was not the war of words between the two candidates but the blue backdrop and the words to the US Constitution. This is their blessing and their luxury. They don't have to worry about holding up the basic system of their state. They don't have to worry that anything said will erupt into social instability. They can get down to business and talk about taxes, the deficit, health care, education.” Another wrote, “The American presidential debate is so much fun.” User GanHongYu said, “When can we have one?”
Despite their cynicism, Chinese netizens seem intrigued by American style democracy. A blogger by the name Jding (whose profile photo was of Obama) said, “Democracy is like a massage, whether it's good or bad, you'll only know once you've felt it.”
A quarterback change has revitalized the Boise State offense. Once again, the No. 21 Broncos are lighting up scoreboards and obliterating opposing defenses at will. It could be a different story against Utah State this week.
Utah State head coach Matt Wells' Aggies team should offer Boise State their toughest test since the Broncos suffered a loss to BYU in their last trip to the state of Utah in September. Utah State has won two straight following back-to-back losses to Utah and Washington. The Aggies have averaged 44.5 points and 458.5 yards of total offense in those two wins while allowing just 16.0 points and 277.5 yards.
Slowing Boise State down won't be a simple task. The Broncos are averaging 40.7 points and 482.3 yards of total offense per game, while allowing just 12.0 points and 259.5 yards.
Boise State has dominated the series with Utah State since moving up to the FBS ranks two decades ago. The Broncos lead the all-time series 15-4 and have beaten the Aggies 12 straight times. Ten of those victories have come by at least 24 points.
College Football Podcast: Week 7 Preview
Subscribe: iTunes | Stitcher
Boise State at Utah State
Kickoff: 9 p.m. ET (Friday)
TV: CBS Sports Network
Spread: Boise State -9.5
Three Things to Watch
1. Run Defense vs. Run Defense
Shutting offenses down cold is a trademark for Boise State and Utah State this season. One reason why is that both teams feature stifling run defenses. The Broncos allow just 60.7 yards per game on the ground, leading the Mountain West Conference and ranking second in the FBS in that category. The Aggies rank second in the Mountain West and 15th in FBS, allowing 102.2 rushing yards per contest.
If it comes down to the passing game, Boise State has a definite edge. Freshman QB Brett Rypien has already thrown for 1,057 yards and seven touchdowns on 73-of-104 passing since taking over for injured starter Ryan Finley in the Broncos' 52-0 win over Idaho State. USU sophomore QB Kent Myers has thrown for 397 yards and two touchdowns on 30-of-46 passing in two starts.
2. Swarming to the Ball
Forcing turnovers is something Boise State does with ease. The Broncos lead the nation with 13 interceptions. Boise State has gained 16 turnovers this season, while losing only six. Their turnover margin of 1.67 ranks fifth among all FBS schools. Darian Thompson and Donte Deayon are the team co-leaders with four interceptions each through six games.
It has helped Boise State achieve unmatched balance on both sides of the ball. The Broncos are the only FBS team that ranks in the top 10 in both scoring offense (40.7 points per game) and scoring defense (12.0 points per game), and in the top 20 in both total offense (482.3 yards per game) and total defense (259.5 yards per game).
3. Tackle Machines
For Utah State, stout defense is rooted in stellar linebacker play. That position group is not only the strongest on the defensive side of the ball for the Aggies, it is also one of the best position groups in the entire Mountain West.
Junior linebacker Nick Vigil leads the team and the conference with 52 tackles. Vigil also ranks ninth among FBS players in that category. He has led Utah State in tackles four times in five games so far this season. Senior linebacker Kyler Fackrell ranks first in the Mountain West and is tied for 17th nationally with eight tackles for loss. Fackrell is also second in the league and third in the FBS in fumble recoveries with two.
Final Analysis
Boise State has a long track record of dominating conference opponents on both sides of the ball going back to its days in the Western Athletic Conference. It has shown no sign of changing this season. The Broncos are on a roll offensively and have a tough defense to back it up. That's not good news for Utah State. The Aggies are good enough on defense to avoid getting blown out by Boise State, but they lack enough offensive playmakers to move the chains consistently against the Broncos.
Prediction: Boise State 28, Utah State 17
— Written by John Coon,who is part of the Athlon Contributor Network. Coon has more than a decade of experience covering sports for different publications and outlets, including The Associated Press, Salt Lake Tribune, ESPN, Deseret News, MaxPreps, Yahoo! Sports and many others. Follow him on Twitter @johncoonsports.
In a surprise, free performance at Gallaudet College, Prince, the rock star, dazzled and thrilled about 2,500 handicapped students from the campus and the city's public schools yesterday afternoon.
There were blind students who could not see him. There were deaf students who could only feel the vibrations of the songs that have made Prince one of the country's most popular performers. But none of that seemed to matter.
As Prince performed, often smiling and grinning as he played, hundreds of students raised their hands with thumbs, index and baby fingers extended and the two middle ones curved inward to tell him in sign language, "I love you."
For Prince, the controversial performer whose risque "Purple Rain" tour has sold out a record seven concerts at the Capital Centre, the show was a bit toned down, apparently for the young "special" audience.
Promoters said Prince requested to do the show for handicapped students who would not otherwise be able to see or hear him perform. It was his second charitable appearance this week.
On Tuesday night he was the featured guest at a reception held to raise money for maverick Chicago educator Marva Collins and Big Brothers of America, which has more than 1,000 black males in D.C. waiting to be matched with role models, spokesmen said.
Prince wore a psychedelic crushed velvet Edwardian suit. Later, he threw his white glove, and some of his jewelry into the crowd. Members of his back-up band, The Revolution, tossed flowers and masks to the excited students, many of whom did not learn of the concert until yesterday morning shortly before they boarded for the trip to the quiet campus.
Several interpreters for the deaf, standing on podiums throughout the Gallaudet field house, translated the lyrics, danced and tried to convey what Prince meant when he screamed, screeched and plucked his guitar's strings.
"I had a lot of fun. I felt his music," Angela Maxey, 18, a deaf student at Gallaudet, said through an interpreter. "I couldn't hear the words, but I could feel the vibrations. Deaf people really appreciate and love loud music."
The interpreter, Joyce Doblmier, said, "Some deaf students have dim hearing ability and can hear when" the music is pounded into their eardrums. "They can't feel the notes, but they can feel the rhythms."
Joan Lee, the wife of the president of Gallaudet College, and several students presented gifts to the 26-year-old performer. Then Prince and The Revolution took to the stage for an encore rendition of the moody "Purple Rain."
In all he played more than a dozens songs and melodies, including "1999," "Little Red Corvette," and "When Doves Cry." Noticeably missing were his more erotic songs.
"He didn't really go all out like he has before," said Warren Graves, 19, a Prince fan and a student at Spingarn High School who said he recently overcame emotional problems that interfered with his ability to learn. "He really respected these young kids."
During several songs, Prince emphasized phrases as if trying to motivate the handicapped youths, often discriminated against, ostractized and left out of normal activities.
"Be glad that you are free; there's many a man who is not. Be glad for what you got," he sang at one point. And later he sang, "God made you. God made me. He made us all equally."
"The whole performance was touching," said Carol Kirkendall, whose G Street Express company has promoted the Prince tour. "I've seen many shows and he was really at his best. I know that he was touched, you could sense it."
Who are you gonna believe -- me or your Ryan eyes? Those eyes... so blue...
A week ago, Paul Ryan's political assets included — alongside his chiseled torso, plainspoken Midwestern demeanor, and the unshakable loyalty of the entire Republican Party — a firm reputation for honesty among the mainstream media. That reputation has suffered a massive, swift erosion. News stories about his speech at the Republican National Convention focused on its many rhetorical sleights of hand. Over the weekend, the revelation that he dramatically misstated a marathon time added a crucial, accessible piece of evidence to the indictment. Now liberals are calling him “Lyin' Ryan” — a nickname that, a few weeks ago, would have seemed silly, like “Wimpy Palin.” Now mainstream pundits are defending Ryan with versions of the “well, all politicians fib” defense. Given that this constituency was once portraying Ryan as unusually honest, this represents a huge retreat for his political brand.
What happened?
Here's what has not happened: Paul Ryan did not begin telling an unprecedented series of lies that suddenly exposed a predilection for shading the truth. His marathon boast is certainly odd and may well be a deliberate lie, but it could also be a simple failure to recall. The New Yorker's Nicholas Thompson, arguing for the prosecution, contends that “for someone who does run seriously,” missing a marathon time by as a vast a level as Ryan does is nearly impossible. On the other hand, given that the race occurred in 1990 and was Ryan's only marathon, perhaps the explanation is that Ryan just isn't a serious runner.
And Ryan's Tampa speech, while pretty dishonest, was not especially so by Ryan's standards. Here you can see why Ryan must view the sudden attack of the truth squad so bewilderingly. Ryan has been saying things like this, and worse, all along. The bit where he sadly shakes his head and blames President Obama for the failure of the Bowles-Simpson deficit commission that Ryan killed himself has been a staple of the Ryan shtick for two years. Reporters usually bat their eyes and coo sympathetically. Now it has become evidence of his duplicity .
Ryan seems to have fallen victim to circumstances he didn't quite foresee. The Romney campaign has spent the last several weeks practically daring the national press corps to call out its lies. Well beyond the usual exaggerations of a national campaign, Romney has built its entire message around two accusations — “you didn't build that” and “just send them a check” — that are obviously false. A day before Ryan's speech, a Romney adviser told reporters, “We're not going to let our campaign be dictated by fact-checkers.” The media that had spent the last two and a half years nuzzling gently in Ryan's lap had been prodded with sharp sticks and reacted in the predictable fashion, though probably not predictable to Ryan himself.
The thing about Ryan is that he has always resided in a counter-factual universe. He is a product of the hermetically sealed right-wing subculture. Many of the facts taken for granted by mainstream economists have never penetrated his brain. Ryan burst onto the national scene with a dense, fact-laden attack on the financing of Obama's health-care bill that was essentially a series of hallucinations, pseudo-facts cooked up and recirculated by conservative apparatchiks who didn't know what they were talking about or didn't care. His big-think speeches reflect the influence of fact-free conservatives and collapse under scrutiny.
During the last couple of years, Ryan took his act to the big city, expanding beyond his Washington conservative movement base and pitching himself to a broader audience as a straight-talking avatar of fiscal responsibility. That he managed to pull off the feat was completely incredible. Ryan's entire career had been rooted in the “Reagan proved deficits don't matter” wing of his party, and he spent the Bush administration consistently pushing for even more fiscally irresponsible policies than even George W. Bush could bear, and then spent the Obama administration relentlessly killing any effort to ameliorate those deficits. The genuine Paul Ryan is a man deeply devoted to reducing tax rates for Job Creators, and staunchly opposed to universal health insurance and other social spending. He is not a deficit hawk. The tension between Ryan's policy goals and the persona he crafted was strained to the breaking point. When the press corps finally applied even the slightest pressure to it, it immediately and inevitably snapped.
Updated 12-18-2012 11:41pm
The King County Sheriff's Office says that over 7,000 Wii-U game consoles were stolen from a distributing warehouse in SeaTac in the last 24 hours. Detectives are asking for the public's help in locating the van and trailers they were stolen in.
Employees at Seattle Air Cargo in the 19100 blk of Des Moines Memorial Dr said the theft occurred sometime between 9pm Saturday night and noon on Sunday. The suspects used forklifts on the premises to load up two 53' trailers and a box van with at least 64 pallets of Wii U game consoles.
Both Trailers are 53' in length, white in color and have the name “McKinney” on the side. The box van is a large International van with “Seattle Air Cargo” written on the doors. (Note: Seattle Air Cargo is NOT written on the side of the box, only the doors)
The photos are of similar vehicles in the same motor fleet.
Trailer
Trailer #1- California license plate 4HB3365 with a trailer number 533457
Trailer #2- California license plate 4EA5521 with trailer number 531841
Box van
Box Van- make “International” Washington license plate B40622K
Front of Intenational Box Truck
Detectives believe the suspects drove two tractor trucks to the warehouse and used forklifts inside to load up the trailers and box van with the pallets of Wii games. Detectives estimate the value of property stolen including the vehicles is over $2 million.
If you have information about this crime call the King County Sheriff's Office at 206-296-3311 or 911 if you see any of the vehicles.
D.C. public schools have started serving an early dinner to an estimated 10,000 students, many of whom are now receiving three meals a day from the system as it expands efforts to curb childhood hunger and poor nutrition.
Free and reduced-price breakfast and lunch long have been staples in most urban school systems. But the District is going a step further in 99 of its 123 schools and reaching nearly a quarter of its total enrollment. Montgomery and Prince George's counties also offer a third meal of the day in some schools but not on the scale undertaken in the city.
The program, which will cost the school system about $5.7 million this year, comes at a time of heightened concern aboutchildhood poverty in the city. Census data show that the poverty rate among black children is 43 percent, up from 31 percent in 2007 and significantly higher than national rates.
Officials describe the dinner initiative as having three goals: hedging against childhood hunger, reducing alarming rates of obesity and drawing more students to after-school programs, where extra academic help is available. It is also part of a broader effort, mandated by recent D.C. Council legislation, to upgrade the quality and nutritional value of school food with fresh, locally grown ingredients.
Until this year, most after-school fare was a snack of juice and a muffin or bagel. But for children who spend up to 10 1/2 hours at school - from early care at 8 a.m. to the end of after-care at 6:30 - it wasn't enough. Officials started hearing from principals and teachers that not only were many kids hungry for the last few hours of a long day, but some of them also weren't eating much at home.
"We knew that a lot of kids were only eating at school," said Jeff Mills, director of food services for D.C. schools. And in some cases, "they were taking food home to feed their families," said Alexandra Ashbrook, director of D.C. Hunger Solutions, a group that works to improve nutrition and health For low-income residents.
The District piloted the program at a few schools last year before launching it full scale this fall. The city joins 13 states that serve after-school supper through the federal Child and Adult Care Food Program, which reimburses D.C. $2.92 for each meal.
Kids say the supper is a huge upgrade over the skimpy snacks.
"The chicken salad is good here," said Adam Shepard, 10, a fourth-grader at Thomas Elementary in the Kenilworth-Parkside community of Ward 7. "And the fruit has more flavor."
Kavon Wilson, a fourth-grader at Houston Elementary in Ward 7's Deanwood neighborhood, looked over his turkey, ham and Swiss chef salad and found something not typically offered during meals at home.
"Broccoli," said Kavon as he pulled a piece from the salad and held it between his thumb and index finger. He ate the salad and a banana - a piece of fresh fruit that teachers say is rarely consumed by children in his Northeast Washington neighborhood - and so finished his third meal at school that day.
A Gallup poll conducted for the Food Research Action Center, a nonprofit group that works to widen access to healthy food in schools, found that at least once between 2008 and 2009, 40 percent of D.C. households with children did not have enough money to buy food.
Charles Harris first stepped onto the football field not to join a team but to defy it.
Basketball was his real love, and he poured everything into it. That meant autumns were spent running cross-country, rather than suiting up in pads and a helmet, so he would be in peak condition for the start of the hoops season. That's the way it was until his junior year at Lincoln College Preparatory Academy, a magnet school in Kansas City, Missouri. Then one day, a friend who happened to be the football team's manager asked Harris to accompany her to the coach's office.
"And I was like, 'Yeah, for sure,'" recalled Harris, the quick-footed Missouri defensive end who is projected to be a first-round pick in the 2017 NFL draft, in a conversation with ESPN. "So I went to his classroom with her, and I didn't know the whole team was in there. And [Coach Lee Allen] was like, 'Why are you in here?' ... And I said, 'I'm in here with her. That's my friend.' And he said, 'Aw, man, I thought you were here to play football.' And then someone on the team was like, 'Nah, he's too scared.' And the room started laughing. I walked out of the room, and my pride was just hurt. I felt embarrassed. Through that embarrassment, I was like, 'You know what? I'm going to go out for football.' And the next day, I was out there running and doing everything that they did."
Before long, he was doing it better. He was named league defensive MVP as a senior after recording 12 sacks, 60 tackles and a pair of forced fumbles. Still, he was a relative unknown. The Kansas City Star referred to him as a prospect who was "generating zero buzz on national signing day" and noted that he didn't have a Rivals.com profile. But the Missouri coaches took a flier on Harris after getting a look at him up close, and Harris jumped at the offer.
Charles Harris didn't join the football team until his junior year of high school, but a standout career at Mizzou has him on the verge of an NFL payday. AP Photo/L.G. Patterson
Fast-forward just a few years later, and he is holding a lottery ticket as one of the most sought-after pass-rushers in the draft.
"It's not that crazy to me because I feel like I've worked ... people don't know the hours I've put in to be great," he said. "The things that are coming to fruition based on how much work I've put in, so it's not that surprising to me as it is for somebody looking in from the outside."
Harris (6-foot-3, 253 pounds) burst onto the scene as a sophomore at Mizzou while operating in an attack 4-3 scheme that asked him to "get upfield and create havoc off instincts." He used a quick first step and a wicked spin move to rack up seven sacks, 18.5 tackles for a loss and two forced fumbles. He credits his basketball background for his signature pass-rushing technique.
"The spin move comes from basketball," said Harris, who played mostly power forward and center en route to all-league and player-of-the-year honors as a junior in high school. "That was my favorite move playing ball. I remember one day, I was on a fast break, and somebody was coming up behind me -- he was trying to block me from behind -- and I stopped on a dime, spinned behind him and jumped into the air, and everybody was like, 'Wow, where did that come from?' Definitely came from basketball."
This past season, Harris was asked to "read and react" more than part of the change in defensive philosophy. While his sack total climbed from seven to nine, the approach was still a bit of an awkward fit for his skill set.
"I feel like I'm better-suited for just getting upfield, and that's where most of my production came from my sophomore year," he said.
2017 NFL DRAFT Round 1: April 27, 8 p.m. ET
Rds. 2-3: April 28, 7 p.m. ET
Rds. 4-7: April 29, noon ET
Where: Philadelphia NFL draft home page » • 2017 NFL draft order »
• Mel Kiper Jr.: Mock 3.0 »
• Todd McShay: Mock 3.0 »
• Todd McShay's Top 32 »
• Mel Kiper Jr.'s Big Board »
• McShay: Top prospects by position »
• Mel Kiper Jr.: Top 10 by position »
• Pro day schedule for prospects »
• Underclassmen who have declared »
• NFL draft player rankings »
The Philadelphia Eagles, under defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz, run a scheme that asks their defensive linemen to do just that. Per Harris, the Eagles worked him out in Columbia a little while back. That was led by defensive line coach Chris Wilson, who briefly held a position as Missouri's defensive line coach before he left for Philadelphia last offseason.
"That was just a great workout," Harris said. "I was working out with him and talking to him and him just telling me how he wish[ed] he would have been able to coach me and how he feels like he really wants to coach me at the next level and stuff like that."
The Eagles are due to draft 14th overall. Most mocks have Harris going in the second half of the first round, though Eagles executive vice president of football operations Howie Roseman has noted that in the past, pass-rushers tend to go off the board quickly.
Still new to the game, Harris believes he has "barely even scratched the surface of my potential" and just needs "that coach and that program to help me flourish."
"If I'm picked sixth or I'm picked 29, it doesn't matter," he said. "I'm going to maximize whatever investment that team makes on me."
A late summer heat wave that began last week will likely continue until mid-September, the Korea Meteorological Administration said. The hot sunny weather Korea missed out on this summer is making a belated comeback.
The spell of sweltering heat gripped the nation on Monday, with the daytime high in Suncheon, South Jeolla Province reaching 34.2 degrees Celsius. A heat advisory for regions where daytime highs are expected to climb above 33 degrees for more than two days was issued for some parts of North and South Jeolla provinces.
"The country was hit by a late heat wave as hot and humid vapors flowed from the east along the periphery of a North Pacific anticyclone," the KMA said. "Temperatures will hover around 30 degrees in western parts of the country such as the Seoul metropolitan area and Chungcheong and Jeolla provinces."
“Blue Ocean Strategy” might be one of the best business books in a decade. In a nutshell the strategy forsakes traditional competition for exploration and market creation.
WikiPedia:
The book uses many examples across industries to demonstrate how to break out of traditional competitive (structuralist) strategic thinking and to grow demand and profits for the company and the industry by using blue ocean (reconstructionist) strategic thinking. The four principles are: how to create uncontested market space by reconstructing market boundaries, focusing on the big picture, reaching beyond existing demand and getting the strategic sequence right.
Using Blue Ocean how would one build a more effective political enterprise?
1) The Uncontested Space
Here is what the actual market of registered voters looks like :
I = 43% D = 30% R = 26%
www.gallup.com/…
That huge slice taking up 43% of the pie is “Independents”. If you examine the trend lines in the article linked above, you'll see that the bulk of “Independent” growth came at the expense of declining GOP affiliation. It is easy to fall for the belief that the Democratic party is the party of the people. The reality is the biggest chunk of registered voters in this country have disgust for both parties,
This giant sea of disaffected voters is a political Blue Ocean
2) The Big Picture
Why are they disaffected? Because they've seen their real incomes shrink as the banks and financial services companies have eaten all the economic growth and funneled it to the top %1 www.salon.com/…
Why don't they support an existing party? Because both parties have been complicit in the deregulation and bad trade policy that has caused their pain. While Bill Clinton's “third way” might have professed to “feel their pain”; NAFTA, Glass-Stegal repeal, and rise of the Prison Industrial Complex all happen on his watch. Let's face it; without the economic boom created by tons of venture capital flooding the market, as investors rushed to get in on the internet boom, the Clinton economy wouldn't have been so great. I diaried this earlier but if you want some good insight into the real threat to America and our biggest challenge see “The Big Short”
They're also are smart enough to see that the current system is wholly owned by the corporations and lobbyists. Why give the few bucks you can afford or a hour of phone banking to giant political machine that's taking donations by the millions to it's PAC. A political machine whose candidates will make millions in “speaking fees” after they “retire” from the same special interests that fund 80% of their campaign. What is that tiny voice or contribution worth in that environment? Most people have correctly assessed that it is worth nothing.
3) The Reach
Thankfully we are at an inflection point. The old paradigm of political opinion making is breaking down. The advertising driven model no longer works, as none of the top ad spenders has seen their voter share increase since the summer. The biggest spender (Bush) has completely tanked.
The reason for this could be that people no longer trust MSM outlets or advertisments
It's been a long held business axiom that the best advertising in “Word of Mouth”. From my own experience this holds true. I'm far more likely to take a friends recomendation on where to eat or what to buy than I am to believe an ad. What Obama discovered in 2008 was that social media would allow him to do an end-around the establishment media that has a vested interested in keeping the ad driven model alive. After all, the MSM makes no money when folks are knocking on doors or chatting on FaceBook.
The wet dream of CNN etal is to have a Clinton vs Bush matchup with both negative ad bombing each other into sub-50% voter turnout oblivion. Mixing in a few hundred million in Donald Trump ad spends as a third party candidate would be the cherry on top.
The good news; Bernie sanders has a social media channel almost 20 times as big to work with now as Obama had in 2007.
4) The Strategic Sequence
Step one is always to build the “product” that meets the needs of this new market. Bernie is offering a political movement that actually values the individual working class donor of time or money. (by forsaking PACS & big money donors). He's a got an economic and social justice platform that resonates with people. The fact is; in states he's spent significant time in he's winning or closing the gap. When people hear his message and really start to analyse the candidates they become supporters.
The strategic roll-out sequence bernie is following is largely defined by the primary calendar. There is little room for innovation here as he does not control the scheduling of these events. For this reason winning Iowa and NH will be key to Sanders success. A path that has been shown to work in other upstart victories. While Sanders has a lead in NH based on polling we trail Clinton in Iowa but 5-10%. Significantly, Clinton is not breaking very far over 50%. It's easy to spend 2 minutes telling a pollster you support a candidate, quite another to show up and debate your support for a candidate (at a caucus) for potentially hours. Sanders support might be a hair narrower but a lot deeper. Sanders supporters will more likely stay until the end. Another factor is that O'Malley supporters will have to go somewhere after the first talley. (cut off is 15%) If you support O'Malley, and your guy is not going to take your precinct, the smart move is to cut into the frontrunner. This could mean another 5% boost for Sanders. Clinton is at about 50% now in polls with 100% name recognition. If she stays under 55% I'd bet the enthusiasm gap and softness of her support will translate to a narrow Bernie victory. With Victories in Iowa and New Hampshire the MSM will be forced to admit Sanders is a viable candidate.
----—
The Ideal Result :
There is a reason that when pollsters compare Sanders and Clinton in head-to-head match ups vs the GOP Sanders consistently does better. It is that giant ocean of independent voters that simply has had enough with the status quo. They want authenticity and independence. Getting past the partisan gridlock will require a “National Political Realignment” where Sanders pulls a blue ocean of independent voters into the party. We as “progressive democrats” need to see past our own party to very different general election voter pool. A pool largely Independent that simply is not excited to buy what Hillary is selling.
Speaker Paul Ryan Scraps 200 Day Plan – Moves Tax Cut Goal Back to DEER SEASON!
President Donald Trump won the November 8, 2016 election in an electoral landslide.
President Trump captured several states that have not voted Republican in decades.
Riding on his coattails the Republican Party also won back the House of Representatives and won a majority in the US Senate.
In December 2016 Speaker Paul Ryan spoke about how he would help the new president push through his agenda.
The new Republican president wanted to pass tax cuts, repeal Obamacare and build a border wall.
But nothing happened.
On March 8, 2017 Speaker Paul Ryan told Tucker Carlson Congress had a 200 day play to guarantee the president's agenda would be passed.
But after 150 days nothing has happened.
Paul Ryan's 200 day plan will run out on August 7th.
Today Paul Ryan pushed back his deadline to deer hunting season.
.@SpeakerRyan just announced he wants tax reform done by deer hunting season. https://t.co/lNm11ybbvH — RightWisconsin (@RightWisconsin) June 20, 2017
Deer hunting season opens a week before Thanksgiving this year.
“My personal goal is to get it done before gun deer season” — Paul Ryan on tax reform. That's the Saturday before Thanksgiving — Bob Bryan (@RobertBryan4) June 20, 2017
Failed Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have blown an entire year and will accomplish nothing.
Steve Smith's stated ambition to keep his team atop the world Test rankings is but a couple of weeks old but it is a sentiment that's already being underpinned by some important shifts within Australia's domestic Sheffield Shield competition.
As the two-year trial of a new points system designed to more closely replicate match conditions found in the Test arena draws to a close, data shows a significant increase in the number of outright results now that first innings leads earn teams little more than bragging rights.
And even more noteworthy for national selectors who have publicly lamented Australia's first-class batting depth in seasons past, there has been an unprecedented number of young batters making their mark and a substantial spike in players who – upon scoring 50 – have pushed on to triple figures.
Quick Single: Young bats stepping up in Sheffield Shield
Never before in its 123-year history has a Shield season witnessed as many players under the age of 23 scoring their maiden first-class centuries for their State.
So far this summer there has been 16 hundreds posted by 10 players aged 23 and under, with eight of those – Ashton Agar, Will Bosisto (WA), Sam Heazlett, Marnus Labuschagne, Matthew Renshaw, Jack Wildermuth (Qld), Travis Head (SA) and Beau Webster (Tas) – reaching the milestone for the first time.
WATCH: Head'ss ton proves the match-winner
The previous most productive Shield summer for the batsmen of generation next was 1993-94 when six under-23s notched their maiden tons, all of them en route to international caps – Matthew Elliott, Brad Hodge (Vic), Michael DiVenuto (Tas), Martin Love, Jimmy Maher (Qld) and Shane Lee (NSW).
That was at a time in the early ‘90s when the recently formed Cricket Academy was disgorging a fleet of ready-made players into domestic ranks, a glut that also saw talents the likes of Justin Langer, Damien Martyn, Ricky Ponting, Michael Slater and Greg Blewett also join the under-23 honour roll.
But as more money flowed into the increasingly professional game, players who had previously been compelled to leave cricket in order to earn a living were able to pursue longer playing careers, which in turn made it tougher for emerging youngsters to secure a place in Shield ranks.
Between the start of the 1998-99 season and the end of the 2007-08 summer a decade later – at which time Adam Gilchrist had joined fellow Test regulars Shane Warne, Glenn McGrath, Langer and Martyn in recent retirement - there were 39 Shield centuries scored by batters aged under 23.
Of those players, only Michael Clarke (seven centuries) and Shane Watson (five) went on to become Test regulars and between 2008 and 2013 – as Australia rebuilt their Test line-up – they won less than half of the matches they played (34 wins from 73 Tests).
While it would be bending credibility further than Mitchell Starc can swing a new pink ball to suggest the changes made to the Shield points structure at the start of the 2014-15 season are behind Australia's ascension to number one, they have helped create a more ‘Test-like' breeding ground for first-class players.
Which can only hold Australia in good stead as Smith looks to not only maintain but build on his team's number one ranking despite the recent exit of Test veterans Clarke, Watson, Brad Haddin, Ryan Harris, Mitchell Johnson and Chris Rogers.
“It is a good start for us," Smith said in Christchurch last month after securing his first away-series win as captain and the ICC's number one Test ranking in the process.
WATCH: Across the Ditch: On top of the world!
“But we want to win every series that we play.”
Which will require a pool of Test-ready players in the tiers below the national team to cover for injuries, retirements and fluctuations in form.
That push has been recently spearheaded by former Test captain Greg Chappell, now Cricket Australia's National Talent Manager, in concert with the State Talent Management System who have helped implement a change of philosophy relating to selection and talent identification.
Which, in turn, has seen the fast-tracking of younger players who exhibit the skills and character identified in proven elite-level performers.
While that push has been balanced against the recent removal (at the request of State Associations) of age restrictions in the Toyota Futures League competition, the underlying theme of “best outcome for Australian cricket” has largely driven the opportunities afforded talented young players.
That philosophy has also led to a number of exciting youngsters switch States in search of more opportunities, such as Victoria's Agar to WA, Ben McDermott from Queensland to Tasmania and NSW batsman Jake Doran also to Tasmania.
WATCH: Agar tons up century in Shield opener
And the inclusion of a CA XI in this summer's Matador BBQs One-Day Cup as well as an extensive series of CA XI matches against touring international teams and rival national ‘second XI' outfits overseas has enabled younger players to ‘hit the ground running' when they reach first-class company.
Of the CA XI teams that scored one win from six matches at this summer's Matador Cup, Bosisto, Wildermuth and Hilton Cartwright (WA) crowned their subsequent progression to Sheffield Shield ranks with maiden centuries.
WATCH: Cartwright rescues Warriors in Perth
The selection panel chaired by Rod Marsh has cited the ability for batters to regularly post big scores as a key criterion in earning national honours, and would therefore be heartened to note that so far this summer there have been 45 centuries scored from the 93 occasions a player has reached 50.
That conversion rate of almost 50 per cent (48.39) easily eclipses the previous best over the past decade of Shield competition (41.73 last summer) and is significantly higher than the average over the previous 10 years that showed 35.84 per cent of batters who scored 50 continued on to a century.
That conversion rate was at its lowest during the summers of 2012-13 (26.55 per cent) and 2013-14 (26.24) when seamer-friendly ‘result' pitches were common in Shield matches.
During that time, Australia boasted just two batsmen (Clarke and Michael Hussey) among the top 20 averages for specialist batters in Test cricket worldwide.
Over the past two years, that number has grown to five in the 20 leading Test batsmen by average (Usman Khawaja, Adam Voges, Smith, David Warner and Joe Burns) with recently retired opener Rogers 21st on that list.
Under the new Shield points system, that will be reviewed at the conclusion of the current summer, the awarding of first innings points was ditched in favour of a bonus points structure that rewards teams for scoring runs (beyond 200) and taking wickets in the first 100 overs of each side's first innings.
WATCH: Shield points changes explained
The idea being that Test matches offer no prizes for a first innings lead but that the outcome is often set up by teams that play aggressively in the first phase and thereby give themselves the best chance of forcing an outright result.
It's become an Australia trademark since Smith took over the Test captaincy with six of his eight matches in charge (excluding the day-night Test in Adelaide and the rain-ruined New Year match in Sydney) yielding first innings totals of 500-plus at an average of more than four runs per over.
Under the previous Shield points structure, whereby teams pocketed two for a first innings lead and six if they scored an outright win, much match time was soaked up in the battle for the smaller prize which meant valuable game time was lost and draws more commonplace.
This summer, with the lure of available points ending after 100 overs of each first innings, there has been outright results achieved in 86.96 per cent of matches played to date compared to an average of 74.81 per cent over the past decade.
And in the 26 completed matches thus far (not including the NSW-Victoria match at the SCG that was abandoned due to ground conditions) there have been 13 teams declare their first innings closed rather than bat on.
The addition of a point awarded to both teams for a draw, to further replicate Test match conditions where batting out a final day can be as keenly fought as a pursuit of victory, has also helped to alter manner in which teams approach Shield matches.
Quick Single: Young bats stepping up in Sheffield Shield
However, the overall standings of the summer are not overtly influenced by the new points structure with minimal changes in the current ladder placings – that effectively sees five of the six teams with a chance to reach the final heading into next week's last round – if the previous points system was applied.
Under the old system, Queensland would currently sit two points above current Shield leaders Victoria and Western Australia would hold the same advantage over South Australia in fourth place, with the other positions unchanged.
But the fact that no team can look to pocket first innings points to shore up their place, and subsequently opt not to pursue an outright result for fear of losing, means the ultimate round of the Shield season appears set to deliver relevance as well as revelations.
The prediction came from Warren East, chief executive of the Cambridge-based firm, in an interview with The Telegraph.
He said that ARM's dominance of the booming market for mobile devices will condemn Intel to niche status. The US giants revenues are more than 100 times greater than ARM's.
“In terms of influence, we are the most influential microchip firm in the world,” said Mr East.
Intel dominates the market for microchips in PCs, but the sector is relatively stagnant compared to that for smartphones and tablets. Last month the analyst house IDC slashed its PC sales growth forecast to just 2.8 per cent to take into account “saturation” in the West.
In contrast, IDC expects tablet sales to hit 62.5 million this year, compared to less than 18 million in 2010. Worldwide smartphone sales are meanwhile expected to reach more than 472 million, up from 270 million last year.
“Intel has been very successful,” said Mr East. “But they've been very successful in a niche market.”
"Our business model is the best economic offering," he said.
ARM firm does not manufacture any products but instead concentrates solely on designs that it licenses to others. Mr East pointed out that Intel is a licensee of ARM designs, along with all the other major microchip manufacturers.
Intel's efforts to break the British mobile computing stranglehold have so far been unsuccessful but it plans a fightback, however. In September it announced a partnership with Google to tailor new smartphone microchips for the Android operating system, which it said would broaden choice for smartphone makers. ARM designs are currently used in 95 per cent of handsets.
As well as mobile devices, ARM is targeting the growing market for “embedded systems”, which are typically simpler computers used in domestic appliances, cars and other specialised applications.
And the ARM Cortex-A15, the firm's next generation design, expected to be used in forthcoming “superphones” from Apple, Samsung and their rivals, it is also powerful enough to encroach on Intel's territory in laptop and server microchips.
Following the acquisition of Autonomy by HP earlier this year, Mr East described ARM as the “last man standing” as a British technology firm competing on the global stage.
You hear the word humor a lot. People talk about office humor, sense of humor, a guy named Hugh Moore–but what does it really mean? Before reading on, see if you can think of the definition. Got a guess?
No seriously, think of something, I'll wait.
…
Ok, so the word humor, as defined by Random House Dictionary, means
a comic, absurd, or incongruous quality causing amusement. [1]
Were you close? I know the first time I looked it up, I was way off. I mean the definition doesn't mention anything about laughter or jokes, how can it be humor? I had to find out.
Humor vs Comedy vs Jokes
To better understand what humor is, lets look at two other words most people relate to humor–comedy and jokes. The House of Random says comedy is
any comic or humorous incident or series of incidents. [2]
And a joke is
something said or done to provoke laughter or cause amusement. [3]
Do you remember when you were studying for the SATs and you had to do those logic problems which tested if you understood that all lions are cats, but not all cats are lions? That's what the relationship of humor, comedy and jokes is like: all jokes are comedy, and all comedy is humor, but not all humor is comedy and certainly not all jokes.
So What is Humor?
As the definition states, humor is anything that causes amusement. The joke “A leader of an orchestra was recently electrocuted, proving after all, he was a good conductor” is humorous (to some at least), but so is a smile.
Humor in the workplace could be watching episodes of The Office during lunch or taking a break to play some foosball–it's whatever can cause amusement.
The important thing to remember is that humor, in it's many forms, is beneficial to the work and life. Office humor makes the “9-5” more enjoyable.
Humor and Laughter
Many people assume that in order for something to be deemed humorous, it must evoke laughter. And while stand-up comedians may use that as a measure of success, that's not the case for humor at work. Anything that relaxes the body, gets people to breathe, causes a smile, or elicits happiness is humor.
In fact, the tendency in the corporate world is to suppress laughter. And as silly as it seems, there are a number of reasons why people don't laugh at work. But the use of humor can help change that.
Humor At Work
With our new understanding of humor, you start to see how easy it can be to bring it into the workplace and have some fun at work. Fun at work? Isn't that an oxymoron? First, don't call me a moron, and second, of course not. As Dale Carnegie, author of How to Win Friends and Influence People, said
“People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.”
Humor That Works
Now that you understand humor, its' time to start using it to help yourself, your team, and your entire company. You can find some ideas to get you started under How-To Humor. If you're still not sold on the benefits, sign up for the humor newsletter to get a free eBook on the 12 Ways Humor Makes you a Better Employee.
Slowly but surely, the U.S. is turning itself into a global soccer power, with lots of help from an emerging professional league that's developing talent and advancing its clout in the sport.
Last month, Didier Drogba, a 39-year-old Ivory Coast native who spent years playing for professional clubs in Britain, France and China, sparked excitement after joining the United Soccer League's (USL) Phoenix Rising. The acquisition capped off the debut of the USL Television Network, which will partner with more than a dozen regional outlets to reach 10 million U.S. households. The USL functions as North America's second-tier professional soccer league, having kicked off in 2011.
Much like English soccer icon David Beckham's much ballyhooed debut with the L.A. Galaxy in 2007, Drogba's arrival in Phoenix stokes excitement about developing U.S. soccer's secondary tier. In a country saturated with sports, soccer stokes relatively little enthusiasm domestically, and until recently the U.S. has lacked global heft.
Big name signings aside, the USL is developing its own homegrown stars that can compete alongside the world's best. Though the second tier remains a work in progress, the playing field is slowly shifting. The USL has blossomed into a 30-member outfit, more than doubling the number of clubs that existed in 2012.
A 2013 partnership struck between the USL and MLS, in which MLS reserves would integrate with USL pro teams, has been a big catalyst behind growing attendance figures and attracting talent to the U.S. market. Currently, nine MLS clubs have their own second-tier team, something that USL President Jake Edwards recently told CNBC would help boost new investor and public interest in the game.
"We work closely with those clubs to identify best practices, and to identify ways to make it drive awareness and drive attendance," Edwards said. Teams like the New York Red Bulls — which until 2014 featured French forward Thierry Henry as its marquee player — have begun expanding staff and recently relocated their USL squad to nearby New Jersey.
"They've moved the team now to Montclair, and they've invested heavily into that stadium, and are trying to create a new brand and a new identity in that community," Edwards added.
I just announced internally that after 5 years at Mozilla, and a couple as the CEO, I've decided to leave later this year to join Greylock Partners as a venture partner.
I'll be in my role here at Mozilla until we conclude a successful search for a new CEO, and intend to stay involved and on the Board of Directors.
I'll have more to say about Mozilla over the next few months as we go through transition — I'm incredibly proud of the work we've done over the last several years, and very optimistic about what the future holds.
And I'll have more to say about Greylock as I move into my new role there. Venture investing is what I've wanted to do for quite a long time — I've been involved in many startups, even building an incubator a decade ago, and have interests that span enterprise, open source, and the broader web, among others. I'm incredibly excited to join an amazing team there — it's a firm that I've noted to be incredibly strongly oriented towards entrepreneurs — it really matches my sensibilities as an operator extremely well.
Will be blogging and tweeting (@johnolilly) as per normal — more soon. Below is the letter I sent to everyone here at Mozilla, who I am deeply indebted to and proud of.
Everyone, As my five year anniversary at Mozilla approaches, I've decided that it's time for me to move on to my next role sometime later this year. This won't happen today or tomorrow — I expect to be here and working for several months yet, and I'm planning to stay on the Board of Directors. This is a tough note for me to write — I feel so incredibly lucky and humbled to have worked on such an amazing project, with such spectacular people, for the last few years. But I've always been a startup guy at heart — Mozilla was originally going to be a quick volunteer effort for me, but quickly turned into a full time job, and at the beginning of 2008 turned into the CEO job that I have now. I've really been missing working with startups, and want to learn how to invest in and build great new startups, so am I planning to join Greylock Partners as a Venture Partner once we transition here. I'm in no rush, and the most important thing to me is to build the strongest Mozilla we can, with the best leadership possible. So my plan is to stay through that transition — we're starting a CEO search now, and plan to do it in as transparent a way as possible — which means I'll continue in my CEO role as normal for several more months, at least. I'll have more to say on the transition as we figure things out more clearly, but for now, business as usual. We've got Firefox 4 to ship, and Firefox on multiple mobile platforms. We've got our web services like Weave to stand up and make available to millions of users. For now, though, I really want to communicate a deep gratitude to each of you — over the past few years we've done an amazing amount together, and changed the world in so many meaningful ways. 400 million users are directly touched every day by the work we've done so far, and many, many more are using better browsers because of our work. There are many more contributions and victories to come. John
Our caramelized fig and goat cheese pizza is creamy crunchy and fruity. It is garnished with fresh strawberries and a balsamic vinegar glaze. Truly sublime!
Have you ever met a foodie? I mean a real foodie. Someone who is really into food. Someone who enjoys every aspect of it, wants to learn everything about it, reads about it and is always looking for the perfect bite?
I have. My sister in law, Hope.
Hope has traveled all over the world and experienced all kinds of different cuisines. And even though she's a vegetarian, I would say she's also a pretty adventurous eater. Not only she loves ethnic food, she loves to cook it as well.
Watching her in the kitchen is a totally zen experience. Never rushed, always meticulous, and carefully selecting ingredients to achieve perfection. It's like watching an artist in the process of creating a masterpiece, the perfect bite.
I love to see her in the kitchen with my daughter Raquel. The two of them together come up with the coolest dishes. A couple of weeks ago, I came home to a delicious pizza made with caramelized figs. A perfect combination of sweet and savory. So creative! You should have seen them enjoying their creation . They were both so proud of themselves. And rightfully so!
Inspired by that creative idea, we came up with this recipe. “Foodie approved” 🙂
Enjoy!
Vicky
Caramelized Figs & Goat's Cheese Pizza With Balsamic Glaze Author: https://mayihavethatrecipe.com
Prep Time: Prep Time: 10 mins
Cook Time: Cook Time: 30 mins
Total Time: Total Time: 40 mins
Yield: Yield: 8 slices
Category: Category: Main Print Recipe Pin Recipe Description Our caramelized fig and goat cheese pizza is creamy crunchy and fruity. It is garnished with fresh strawberries and a balsamic vinegar glaze. Truly sublime! Ingredients 1-16oz whole wheat thin pizza crust
1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
Salt and pepper to taste
8 green or black mission figs
1/3 cup brown sugar
1 ½ tbsp balsamic vinegar
1 tbsp freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 1/3 cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese
1 ¼ cups baby arugula
4 medium size strawberries, sliced in half
¼ cup crumbled goat's cheese
¼ cup crumbled feta cheese Instructions Preheat oven to 400F Drizzle olive oil on pizza crust. Season with salt and pepper to taste Bake for about 6-8 minutes In the meantime, slice the figs into thirds and dip slices in brown sugar making sure they're well coated. Arrange fig slices in a large hot non stick skillet. Cook the figs at medium heat for about 3 minutes, until they start to caramelize. Turn them over, add balsamic vinegar and lemon juice and continue cooking another 3-4 minutes. Set aside. (Note: Don't skip the lemon! It will keep the sugar from crystallizing) Once the pizza crust is out of the oven, sprinkle with shredded cheese. Top with baby arugula, caramelized figs, strawberries, feta and goat's cheese. Season again with salt and pepper for extra flavor. Bake at 400F for about 7 minutes, until the cheeses melt and the arugula starts to wilt. Drizzle with balsamic glaze ( recipe below) Enjoy! From May I have that recipe
Balsamic Glaze Author: https://mayihavethatrecipe.com
Prep Time: Prep Time: 2 mins
Cook Time: Cook Time: 10 mins
Total Time: Total Time: 12 mins
Yield: Yield: 1/4 cup
Category: Category: glaze Print Recipe Pin Recipe Description Our caramelized fig and goat cheese pizza is creamy crunchy and fruity. It is garnished with fresh strawberries and a balsamic vinegar glaze. Truly sublime! Ingredients ½ cup balsamic vinegar
1 tbsp brown sugar Instructions In a small sauce pan, combine balsamic vinegar and brown sugar. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium low and cook for about 10 minutes until it reduces to about a half. Set aside (it will thicken as it cools)
4. In the meantime, slice the figs into thirds and dip slices in brown sugar making sure they're well coated.
5. Arrange fig slices in a large hot non stick skillet. Cook the figs at medium heat for about 3 minutes, until they start to caramelize.
6. Turn them over, add balsamic vinegar and lemon juice and continue cooking another 3-4 minutes. Set aside. (Note: Don't skip the lemon! It will keep the sugar from crystallizing)
7. Once the pizza crust is out of the oven, sprinkle with shredded cheese. Top with baby arugula, caramelized figs, strawberries, feta and goat's cheese. Season again with salt and pepper for extra flavor.
8. Bake at 400F for about 7 minutes, until the cheeses melt and the arugula starts to wilt.
9. Drizzle with balsamic glaze.
10. Enjoy! From May I have that recipe
Mayoral candidate John Tory has waded into the controversy over Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair's future with the force, saying that he would support renewing the chief's contract.
Mr. Tory was asked at a news conference Thursday morning on whether he thinks Chief Blair's contract, which expires in April of next year, should be renewed.
"I think he's doing a good job, and I think that he's a person that's going to be necessary in doing some of the things we have to do in years ahead to provide for better policing and for the kinds of constraints that I think we have to look at to constrain the growth in police spending," Mr. Tory said.
Story continues below advertisement
"I think he's the right man to do some of that job."
Chief Blair, who has led the force since 2005, is supposed to indicate to the Toronto Police Services Board in the coming weeks whether he would like his contract renewed.
At Thursday's police board meeting, Chief Blair refused to say whether he'll ask the board to renew his term, calling the issue "confidential."
"That's a discussion that I'll most appropriately have with my board at the appropriate time," said Chief Blair.
After he makes his wishes known, the board will make its own decision.
The renewal of his contract has been controversial.
Police board vice-chair Michael Thompson – who has publicly opposed extending Chief Blair's contract – brought legal action against the organization in March after the board voted to censure him for comments critical of the chief. And the board's infighting happens amidst the backdrop of the mayor's very public criticism of the chief – especially after Chief Blair announced in October of last year that police are investigating Mayor Ford.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But on Thursday, the mayor declined to comment on the chief's contract.
"That's up to the police services board," he said when asked at a press conference at city Hall.
And Olivia Chow, meanwhile, told the Globe and Mail at a recent editorial board meeting that the chief's contract should be left up to the police board – but added Thursday that Chief Blair had her "personal support."
With files from Sahar Fatima
Sunday on MSNBC's “Kasie DC,” host Kasie Hunt asked Democratic National Committee deputy chairman Keith Ellison (D-MN) if he thought it was a mistake for the DNC to pay for the so-called Russia dossier manufactured by Fusion GPS about Donald Trump.
Ellison dismissed it as part of the political process in a “modern American election.”
Partial transcript as follows:
HUNT: So, I want to start with the news that we've all been focused on this weekend, and that is, of course, the Russia investigation, and what has been unfolding there. And one issue … that Republicans have zeroed in on is the Steele dossier and what we learned from The Washington Post about who paid for that. Now, this happened before you were elected to your position at the DNC but do you think paying for that dossier was a mistake for the party to make?
ELLISON: You know, opposition research is commonly done by both parties. The real question is, are the statements in the dossier true or are they false? I mean, that's the real issue. At the end of the day, the findings in that research are things that Trump ought to either deny or and there should be investigations about. That's the real question. But asking me whether a political party did some background research on a political candidate is like saying, ‘Did you buy lawn signs? Did you buy flyers and literature?' It's just part of how campaigns are run in a modern American election.
Dolphins Release First Depth Chart of 2012
Two days after the team's first scrimmage of training camp 2012, coach Joe Philbin released his first depth chart of the season.
While there are obviously many things that will change between now and Week 1 at Houston, this piece of paper certainly gives us a decent idea of where the coaching staff's heads are at.
Starting where most fans are most interested, David Garrard is listed as the starting quarterback. The veteran looked good at Saturday's scrimmage and has throughout all camp. He is followed by Matt Moore, rookie Ryan Tannehill and second-year player Pat Devlin.
Other positions of note…
OFFENSE
Legedu Naannee , Davone Bess and Chad Johnson are listed as the starting WRs.
, and are listed as the starting WRs. Brian Hartline , despite not participating in camp so far because of injury, is behind Johnson but in front of Marlon Moore and Roberto Wallace .
, despite not participating in camp so far because of injury, is behind Johnson but in front of and . At TE, Anthony Fasano and Charles Clay are predictably the top two, and Jeron Mastrud is listed third, ahead of rookies Michael Egnew and Les Brown .
and are predictably the top two, and is listed third, ahead of rookies and . The starting offensive line on the depth chart (Jake Long, Richie Incognito, Mike Pouncey, Artis Hicks and Jonathan Martin) has worked together all camp as the first unit. Great to see consistency on the OL.
DEFENSE
Sean Smith and Richard Marshall are listed as the starting CBs, with Vontae Davis behind Marshall.
and are listed as the starting CBs, with behind Marshall. The starting defensive line from left-to-right is Jared Odrick , Randy Starks , Paul Soliai and Cameron Wake.
, , and Chris Clemons and Reshad Jones are the starting safeties SPECIAL TEAMS Marcus Thigpen is listed as the starting kick returner, ahead of Lamar Miller , Steve Slaton and Clyde Gates .
is listed as the starting kick returner, ahead of , and . At punt returner, Davone Bess is listed as the starter.
The coaches surely met after Saturday's scrimmage to discuss what they have and have not liked since the start of camp and many of those opinions helped to shape this document. Philbin said today that everything that has happened since April 10th has gone into this depth chart, though of course things are fluid and subject to change, even before Friday night's preseason opener vs. Tampa Bay.
Click here to see the complete depth chart.
Please Note:
The opinions, analysis and/or speculation expressed by The Finsiders Blog represent those of individual writers, and unless quoted or clearly labeled as such, do not represent the opinions, policies or desires of the Miami Dolphins organization, front office, coaches and executives. Writers' views are formulated independently from any inside information and/or conversation with Dolphins officials, including the coaches and scouts, unless otherwise noted.
The Mars mission has been put together at a record cost of Rs 450 crore.
As India closes in on its destination Mars with the Mangalyaan satellite, many across the world have been dumbstruck at the low cost of India's Mars Orbiter mission. Here are the details on how India achieved this seemingly impossible task, becoming the envy of the world.This golden satellite, approximately the size of a Nano car, and the entire Mars Orbiter mission have been made ready at a record cost of Rs 450 crore or nearly $67 million dollars. ( Watch the Video Put together by the Indian Space Research Organisation or ISRO in a record time of 15 months, it has been on a 300-day marathon, covering some 670 million kilometres to reach its destination Mars. This is undoubtedly the lowest-cost inter-planetary mission ever to be undertaken in the world. ( In Asian Space Race, India Inches Closer to Beating China to Mars On his recent visit to India's rocket port in June, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had remarked, "The Hollywood moviecost more than our Mars mission - this is a great achievement." ( Watch: Mission Mars: Countdown Continues, Will India Make History? NASA's latest mission to Mars called MAVEN, which incidentally reached the Red Planet on Monday ahead of the Indian satellite, costs ten times more. ( NASA's MAVEN Enters Mars Orbit "This has been a cheap mission. But we have not compromised; we have done it in two years and ground testing has helped," said K Radhakrishnan, Chairman of ISRO.The darling of Martian dreamers -- American rover Curiosity which has been sitting on the surface of the Red Planet -- cost over a whopping 2 billion dollars. India's technological capabilities and frugal bills have help cut costs. ( PM Modi to Witness Mars Orbiter Insertion at ISRO Facility Mangalyaan is the cheapest inter-planetary mission ever to be undertaken anywhere in the world. It has cost Rs 450 crores or just about Rs 4 per person in India. India is paving the way for faster, cheaper and possibly durable inter-planetary missions.
The man who has an incredible affinity towards gold and diamonds, Stuart Hughes, has finally taken a new road in creating extremely luxurious products for the insanely rich. Mr. Hughes, who is normally associated with the world's most expensive mobile phone and has been in the business of making ordinary gadgets and gizmos into extraordinary luxury products, has now teamed up with legendary designer, Richard Jewels of Manchester, to bring forth the world's most expensive suit.
The exquisite Cashmere wool and silk suit is adorned with diamonds that give this suit a bespoke look. In all, the suit is trimmed with 480 diamonds weighing 240 carats in totality.
They only plan on making 3 of these suits and one has already been purchased for $898,000 to a customer in France. Mr Jewels, from Manchester, and Liverpool-based Mr Hughes, are donating ten per cent of each sale to the Haiti relief fund.
Much has been said about the political role Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner might play once Donald Trump takes office in January. Ivanka, a Trump Organization executive who also has her own lifestyle brand centered around working women, and Kushner, a real-estate heir who became one of his father-in-law's most trusted advisers during his presidential campaign, have been taking on more and more responsibility as the president-elect inches closer to the White House.
Though Donald has said that Ivanka, along with her two brothers, Donald Jr. and Eric, will take the reins at the Trump Organization when he takes office, Ivanka has made it clear that she intends to take a greater role in pushing through policies aligned with the same maxims at the heart of her personal brand—paid maternity leave, helping to work families afford child care, equal pay. In an interview with 60 Minutes just days after the election, Ivanka said that while she will officially serve merely as First Daughter, she's said throughout the campaign that there are several issues she's passionate about. “Wage equality, child care. These are issues that are important to me, really promoting opportunities for women,” she said, though she said her advocacy would not be in a “formal capacity.” Last week, Politico first reported that her slate of issues is growing to include climate change, as well. On Monday, Ivanka will sit down with former Vice President Al Gore to discuss the issue, according to a Trump press call. A source close to the First Daughter-to-be told me that her main focus will remain on issues related to women, but she is interested in learning about a host of other things now that she is in a unique position of power.
Her husband, Jared Kushner, has also emerged as a singular power broker within Donald Trump's orbit, first rising through the ranks as the calm center of the otherwise tumultuous Trump campaign, and now, as a top adviser within his White House transition team. He was credited with the successful digital operation that helped propel his father-in-law to victory; reported to have influenced key hiring and firing decisions throughout; and has recently been reported to be mulling an official role within the White House. (An anti-nepotism law dating back to 1967 prohibits family members from serving in an official capacity. But the president has broad and far-reaching powers within the executive branch, and Kushner could act as an unpaid adviser, technically skirting the law while still exerting his influence.)
Now, Ivanka and Jared appear to be taking concrete steps to shore up their future on Capitol Hill, with a source confirming to the Hive on Monday that the couple is seriously considering a move to Washington D.C., although a representative for Ivanka denied that it is confirmed. CNN also reported the move, saying that the family plans to settle down in the nation's capital with their three children.
Melania Trump, the incoming First Lady, has opted to stay in New York City with their 10-year-old son, Barron, until at least end of the school year in June, which has caused a great deal of hand-wringing over security at the Upper West Side school he attends. Last month, a Trump spokesperson said there “was obviously a sensitivity to pulling out a 10-year-old in the middle of the school year.”
Ivanka's eldest daughter, 5, is in school in New York, but her two younger brothers are just 3 years old and 8 months old. According to CNN, the couple is already house hunting.
The move would make it easier for Kushner to serve in a more hands-on, day-to-day role in the White House, and allow Ivanka to advocate for the sorts of policies she has said she wants to champion in a real way. This would, of course, take her further away from her role as executive vice president at the Trump Organization, further calling into question what her father plans to do with his business once he takes office. Last week, he tweeted that his eldest children will take control of the organization in order to avoid an appearance of conflicts of interest (though, as many ethics experts have stated, this doesn't exactly do the trick). Ivanka's own brand has made headway in separating the First Daughter's personal social-media channels from her business, in order to avoid P.R. scandals like when her brand tweeted about shopping the dress she wore onstage at the Republican National Convention, or the bracelet she wore for the 60 Minutes interview.
If Ivanka is, in fact, planning a move to Washington, it further complicates what will happen to Trump's business in the coming months. It also calls into question how involved Ivanka plans to be with her eponymous line, which has gotten a hefty bump in sales and attention since her father decided to run for office last year. Ivanka may somehow find enough hours in the day to oversee two businesses and lobby for the kinds of policy changes that have thus far been hamstrung by partisan divides. But ethically, that balance might not exist.
Ivanka Trump FOLLOW Jared Kushner FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox. See All Players
Image caption Talks over North Korea's nuclear programme have stalled repeatedly in the past
North Korea says it is eager to resume six-party talks on its nuclear programme "at an early date" and "without preconditions".
North Korea remained "unchanged" in its desire to restart the talks, a foreign ministry statement said.
Six-party talks involving North and South Korea, the US, Russia, China and Japan were last held in late 2008.
North Korea's statement came after two days of exploratory talks between the US and North Korea in New York.
The week before, North Korean officials met counterparts from the South on the sidelines of a security conference in Indonesia.
North Korea pulled out of the six-party talks in April 2009, shortly before carrying out a second nuclear test.
The North Korean statement said the government was ready to fulfil commitments it signed up to in 2005 to end its nuclear programme in return for energy and economic aid.
Following talks in New York on Friday, a US official said the path was open to better relations with North Korea, if the country was really committed to stopping its nuclear programme.
An analysis of news coverage from the 2016 primary races found that mainstream media outlets engaged in “journalistic bias” that led to over-coverage of the Donald Trump campaign and under-coverage of Democratic candidates, in particular Sen. Bernie Sanders.
The report, from Harvard Kennedy School's Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy, underscores the role that the press can play in anointing — or sinking — a candidate, as well as keeping voters under-informed by focusing only on the horse race instead of the candidates or relevant issues.
It also highlights how the press helped to elevate Trump while contributing to the downfall of rival candidates, and paid relatively little attention to the Democratic nominating contest.
For the report, a content analysis firm, Media Tenor, examined statements from CBS, Fox, the Los Angeles Times, NBC,The New York Times, USA Today, The Wall Street Journal, and The Washington Post.
“Game-centered reporting has consequences,” the report said. “The media's tendency to allocate coverage based on winning and losing affects voters' decisions. The press's attention to early winners, and its tendency to afford them more positive coverage than their competitors, is not designed to boost their chances, but that's a predictable effect.”
Why the Bias?
The press doesn't favor certain candidates because it's engaged in a vast conspiracy, according to the report. It's a lot simpler: reporters like a good story. It's what their business is based on. And this year, Trump's narrative seemed more novel than that of Clinton or Sanders.
This isn't the first time the press has fallen for a candidate. Barack Obama received “outsized coverage” when he first ran in 2008, as did Sen. John McCain in 2000, when he invited reporters aboard his campaign bus, the “Straight Talk Express.” Trump, the report said, is now on that list.
The press's extensive focus on the horse race also leaves less time for substantive coverage, the report said. It found that mainstream media primary coverage was almost entirely about the competition or the campaign process.
By comparison, only 11 percent of the primary coverage focused on the candidates' policy positions, leadership abilities or personal and professional histories. “Substantive concerns got the least amount of attention,” the report found — on both sides of the aisle.
Trump's “Press Advantage”
Even before the primaries began, Trump dominated media coverage. For the bulk of the campaign, Trump has received more press attention than any other candidate from either major party, the report found.
As he continued to win primaries, his story became about gaining momentum, a narrative that held fast. “Victory for Trump was also his path to positive coverage,” the report said. Sen. Marco Rubio, by contrast, was portrayed as consistently losing ground after he failed to win an early contest. Rubio never had, the report said, “a single week where his positive press outpaced his negative press.”
11% Only 11 percent of coverage focused on candidates' policy positions, leadership abilities or personal and professional histories. -- Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy
Trump did receive more substantive coverage in the final month of the campaign, when there were no other competitors in the Republican race, the report said. References to his character and policies rose from 10 percent to 19 percent, and the tone was overwhelmingly negative.
Ultimately, the report attributed Trump's candidacy in part to the coverage. “He might have won the Republican nomination in any case, given the confluence of factors working in his favor,” it said. “But one of his assets, certainly, was his press advantage.”
Clinton and Sanders, Overshadowed by Republican Race
On the Democratic side, the candidates generally received coverage on par with their primary results: Clinton received 54 percent of the press attention, versus Sanders' 46 percent, until the middle stage of the campaign — mid-March to early May — when Clinton pulled ahead.
Sanders also received more positive media attention — the largest favorable margin of any candidate, 59 percent good press to 41 percent bad press — until the middle stage of the campaign, the report found.
At the same time, reports on Clinton were more critical because as the presumptive nominee, she was expected by the press to dominate the early contests. By the middle stage of the campaign, however, Clinton was eking out more favorable press, 51 percent positive to 49 percent negative.
But once she clinched the nomination, she received more criticism, with 49 percent positive statements to 51 percent negative, in part because Trump began to target her in speeches.
But no matter what the Democratic candidates did, the Republican contest continued to dominate the press coverage, even when Trump became the presumptive nominee. “Although Trump no longer had active opposition, he received more news coverage in the last month than did either Clinton or Sanders,” the report said, “a development that has no possible explanation other than journalistic bias.”
The Capital Grille at Wayside Commons
in Burlington, Massachusetts
The Capital Grille is an American restaurant chain of upscale steakhouses owned by Darden Restaurants. The brand has locations in twenty states and the District of Columbia.[2][3]
History [ edit ]
The original Capital Grille was founded by Ned Grace, in Providence, Rhode Island, in 1990.[4] The opening was curious for several reasons: the upscale steakhouse contrasted with the then-rundown downtown area of Providence, and the opening occurred amidst an ongoing recession. Grace envisioned the restaurant being popular with business and political elite, and proved to be accurate. Seven years after opening, the original location pulled in over $4 million in annual sales.[4]
Under the leadership of Grace's Bugaboo Creek Steak House Inc. (the name of Grace's other chain), the chain expanded to several major markets. By 1996, The Capital Grille had locations in Washington, D.C. and Boston. In 1997, aided by a $20 million credit line from two banks, it expanded with four more locations.[4] Bugaboo Creek Steak House Inc. went public in 1994, and later changed its name to RARE Hospitality International, Inc. [5] According to The Washington Business Journal, the chain was acquired by Darden Restaurants as a "part of a $1.19 billion acquisition of RARE Hospitality in 2007".[6]
The Capital Grille operates under the Specialty Restaurant Group division of Darden.[7]
Locations [ edit ]
As of May 2014 there were 51 locations.[3]
Lawsuit [ edit ]
In 2012, employees in five states filed lawsuits against the company alleging racial discrimination and wage violations. The lawsuit alleges that the company favored white workers over people of color for lucrative tipped jobs as well as requiring tipped workers to share their earnings with non-tipped workers.[8]
Thanksgiving controversy [ edit ]
In 2013, the Capital Grille in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was open for Thanksgiving for the first time in its history. Capital Grille employees at the Pittsburgh location and members of the Restaurant Opportunities Center protested having to work on Thanksgiving without receiving holiday pay.[9] In addition, the Pittsburgh City Council passed a Will of Council opposing Capital Grille's decision to force employees to work on Thanksgiving without holiday pay.[10]
POWERHOUSE @ the Archway
28 Adams Street (Corner of Adams & Water Street @ the Archway)
Brooklyn , NY 11201
This is a ticketed event. Ticket purchase includes one (1) copy of Adios, Motherfucker by Michael Ruffino, available for pick-up the night of the event. Please click here to purchase tickets.
PLEASE NOTE: Seating is on a first come, first served basis, and is not guaranteed. Ticket holders who are unable to attend the reading will have 30 days to pick up their copy of Adios, Motherfucker at our retail location, after the date of the event. Books will be forfeited after these 30 days.
Can't make it to the event? Preorder a signed copy of Adios, Motherfucker here.
About the Book:
Emerging from the not-so-mean streets of suburban New England at the tail end of the 1980s, The Unband embraced everything reckless, unhealthy, and downright harebrained about rock and roll. After a decade on the booze-and-gas-soaked road to success, with the help of their dominatrix manager, a willful record executive or two, and dumb luck in spades, the hard-rocking, gleefully out-of-control Unband arrived at the threshold of the new century and got their shot at the big time—in a chaotic music industry where boy-band pop ruled supreme and rock music had been declared dead.
In this epic, intoxicated un-memoir, Unband bassist Michael Rufﬁno delves deeper into the story he originally told in 2004's Gentlemanly Repose, taking readers along on a raucous tear through the netherworld of heavy rock, populated with crack-smoking Girl Scouts, collegiate bedlamites, shotgun-toting barmaids, a rodent-chomping music CEO, a beer-drinking chimp, and headbangers by the horde, while on tour with giants of heavy metal including Dio, Motörhead, Anthrax, Def Leppard, and a Who Was Who of reunited '80s hairbands. Into that volatile mix, The Unband brought do-it-yourself pyrotechnics, a giant inﬂatable hand (for making giant inﬂat-able gestures), a high tolerance for substance abuse of all kinds, and an infectious love of rock and roll and everything it stands for.
Equal parts This Is Spinal Tap and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Adios, Motherfucker is a riotous and unbridled testament to rock and roll being at its best on the brink of disaster.
About the Author:
Michael Ruffino is a musician and a writer. He lives in Los Angeles, California, the only way he knows how.
About the Moderator:
Anthony Bourdain is the author of the New York Times bestsellers Appetites, Kitchen Confidential and Medium Raw; A Cook's Tour; the collection The Nasty Bits; the novels Bone in the Throat and Gone Bamboo; and the biographyTyphoid Mary: An Urban Historical. He has written for the New York Times and The New Yorker, among many other publications. He is the host of the Emmy and Peabody Award–winning docuseries Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown on CNN, and the publisher of an eponymous imprint for Ecco. He lives in New York City.
We've already established that Mitch McConnell is trying to dodge accountability for supporting Obamacare repeal by exploiting public confusion over the identity between Kentucky's successful, popular insurance exchange—Kynect—and the law itself.
But the real political bombshell here is that the senator feels compelled to dodge accountability for his position at all. This simple observation—perhaps subjoined by six or seven exclamation marks—shatters the conventional wisdom that Obamacare politics are simple, straightforward, and winning for this year's Republican candidates. And the many Democrats who adhere to that wisdom will blow a huge opportunity to capitalize on the opening McConnell just created, if they fail to set it aside for now.
I understand why these Democrats are reluctant. Conservatives spent the last eight months essentially executing a psy-op mission to convince liberals that Obamacare is much less supportable than it actually is, and intimidate Democrats out of running on it proactively. I've been arguing that the politics of Obamacare would undergo a marked shift in 2014 for a long time now, and more or less stuck to my guns during the rollout failures this past fall. Others did too. The whole way through, conservatives met us with gleeful mockery anytime we suggested Obamacare politics carried any risk for Republicans or were nuanced in any way. Including McConnell's spokesman!
@ThePlumLineGS @DavidMDrucker Which song are you whistling as you walk past that graveyard? — S2 (@StewSays) February 25, 2014
These get better by the day: http://t.co/u7JuvkfgHA — Charles C. W. Cooke (@charlescwcooke) April 1, 2014
LOL RT @tnr: Uh oh. Obamacare's success is destroying the GOP's midterm strategy, writes @brianbeutler. http://t.co/77Cabm6mPt — Gabriel Malor (@gabrielmalor) April 21, 2014
All of that was wrong. Obamacare will probably still net poorly for Democrats this year, but the complete picture turned out to be nowhere near as stark as conservatives believed, or wanted people to believe. Taking away people's health insurance is unsupportable. Repealing their consumer protections is unsupportable. McConnell understands this. It completely explains his latest equivocation. And his equivocation in turn proves that Democrats can alter the currents of Obamacare politics at key moments, but only if they're willing to occasionally brave its waters. McConnell's opponent, Alison Lundergan Grimes, dipped her big toe in those waters Wednesday, but couldn't ultimately bring herself to dive in with the crucial words "Affordable Care Act."
Arsenal is confident of signing Mesut Ozil to finally end their summer of difficulty in the transfer market, and have offered Real Madrid what would be a club record bid of €47 million for the playmaker. Arsene Wenger also hopes to still bring in a profile centre-forward.
The pursuit of Gareth Bale has dramatically changed the dynamics at the Bernabeu, and has left the popular Ozil concerned about his status in the team. Despite a previous position as one of president Florentino Perez's most admired players - as well as a crowd favourite - he was left on the bench as an unused substitute in Real's 3-1 win over Athletic Bilbao.
• Rigg: Benabeu bows to Modric
• Corrigan: Ronaldo still top dog
• Mangan: Giroud the main man
Sources have also said that manager Carlo Ancelotti sees Ozil as dispensable with the introduction of Bale, and preferred to keep Angel Di Maria - who had been expected to leave.
The German international has himself been angling for a move for the last month, with his camp even making contact with Manchester United. Although the English champions turned down the chance to buy Ozil, sources have said they have retained some interest but are unlikely to act on it.
Arsenal's only serious competition instead comes from Paris Saint-Germain, who have been pushing hard for the purchase, but it is understood Ozil himself would prefer the move to the Emirates.
As well as breaking the club's transfer record, the prospective signing would represent the high-profile move that many at Arsenal have felt they needed, after failures in the pursuits of Luis Suarez and Gonzalo Higuain.
It is also known that Wenger wants to bring in a centre-forward and goalkeeper, with Arsenal close to a loan deal for Palermo's Emiliano Viviano.
"I'm ready to pay what we can afford, even if it's a bit over the mark, as long as it's not crazy," Wenger said.
"I'm not against spending but I want to add super quality to our squad. With 24 more hours maybe we can surprise you, maybe not.
"You will tell me that I'm always confident and I've delivered very little until now, but I'm confident, yes. Tottenham got a lot of money for Gareth Bale and they have to invest it, I can understand that, but the need is different for us. We need one or two super players and we've tried to add that."
Meanwhile the Daily Mirror reports Arsenal may have to sign off on a loan deal if they are to secure Ozil, as the German is unsure about making a move to the Premier League permanent.
The tools to create life, once largely proprietary, are now the domain of every Tom, Dick, And Harry. We don't have the full product, so our palette was wide but not nearly infinite. Leveraging the true mechanism, one can generate a (among other things) a thoroughly terrifying Deep Crow.
It's a cool toy, and we endorse it. If you really want to see the joy such a tool can produce, though - joy in abundance - you should try the Spore Creature Creator with your child. I recognize that setting up this scenario may be time consuming: courtship, gestation, and whatnot. But Will Wright is, among other things, a dad - and when Gabriel the Younger was in the office for lunch yesterday, I got the unmistakable sense that we were experiencing something very near the product's intended purpose.
I've finally discovered the appeal of Metal Gear Solid 4, which it does everything it can to obscure for many hours. There are times when it moves directly from cutscene into player control that are frankly unprecedented. When you start pushing through radical shifts in gameplay and aesthetics, and you can't tell if one informed the other or if a single lozenge of design, story, and context leapt like Athena from a man's mind, you can find it in yourself to be impressed.
MGS4 is alternately the salvation of the Playstation 3, an argument for games as art, or the culmination of a storied franchise. Maybe it succeeds at these epic things to varying degrees, but as a piece of entertainment software it has significant problems - and these problems don't evaporate because the product acquits itself well elsewhere.
I actually like the story of Metal Gear, but it's not told well. I don't care if a cutscene is long provided that it's well paced, but these cutscenes aren't simply long, they're eternal - and they feel even longer than they are because they're pure overreach. The script is insipid, didactic, and its insights are trite. The humor doesn't work, period, and it works even less against the backdrop of perpetual war. I'm the story guy around here. I make up a story if a game doesn't have one. Here, I was so starved to express any kind of volition whatsoever during these interminable slideshows that eventually I discovered a way. I only started to enjoy Metal Gear Solid once I began skipping the cutscenes.
On the whole, I think we're probably done talking about Metal Gear. It's clear by now that the community dialogue is mostly metatextual, having nothing to do with the game as delivered. The product is little more than icon at this point, a vessel for people's fond wishes, and there's no profit in discussing it.
(CW)TB out.
i see seven towers
“BREXIT-plus-plus-plus” was how Donald Trump—who also called himself “Mr Brexit”—termed his pitch to voters during his successful presidential campaign. Sure enough, many Americans will soon be waking up soon to a feeling similar to the one Remainers in Britain experienced on the morning of June 24th: bafflement at the failure of so many polls to predict the result, shock at the electorate's defiance of expert opinion, concern for liberal values. If Mr Trump relishes the comparisons it is because he identifies with the architects of Britain's departure from the European Union: like him, privileged demagogues deft at manipulating the public's worst fears and instincts.
Yet these affinities confer few obvious advantages on Britain. Mr Trump may admire the country's recent decision, but he will make an unpredictable, unfamiliar partner—especially compared with Hillary Clinton, an instinctive Anglophile. It says something about the immediate future of the “special relationship” so revered in London that the British politicians most experienced in dealing with America's president-elect are Nigel Farage, a Brexiteering rabble-rouser (who stumped for him and is currently flying to Washington, DC to ingratiate himself further with the incoming administration) and Alex Salmond, a former first minister of Scotland (whom Mr Trump branded “a has-been and totally irrelevant” in a tiff over a Scottish golf resort).
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
What about the country's leaders? Theresa May could hardly be more different in temperament from her new counterpart. The foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, though closer to him in style, has said: “The only reason I wouldn't visit some parts of New York is the real risk of meeting Donald Trump.” In January British MPs debated banning Mr Trump from the country, calling him a “buffoon”, a “demagogue” and a “joke” (one using the word “idiot” thrice in five minutes). To say the British establishment is unenthusiastic about America's president-elect would be to put it politely.
Nonetheless, the risks of a Trump presidency—protectionism, geopolitical turmoil, American isolationism—weigh heavy on British interests. And they do so all the more thanks to the decision in June that so animated Mr Trump: Brexit removes many of the shock absorbers that might have helped Britain to ride out the next few years.
Take trade. Mr Trump has long pledged to pursue a tough line in negotiations and seems to fancy a tariff war with China. Protectionism is infectious. If, as seems likely, Britain leaves the EU's customs union on quitting the organisation, it may well find itself trying to negotiate new trade terms at a time when economies around the world are pulling up the drawbridge.
Meanwhile the British economy was already in a fragile state before last night's result, with the pound weakened, business uncertainty mounting and some evidence of slowing investment. The economic shock of a Trump presidency may exacerbate these trends (though the pound briefly rose against the dollar as Mr Trump's victory became clear). It will also harden politics in the mainland European countries with which Britain will shortly start negotiating, where populists emboldened by his win (most notably Marine Le Pen of France's National Front) will reduce mainstream leaders' freedom to approve a pragmatic deal with Britain.
Then there is security. A staple of the pro-Brexit campaign was that the existence of NATO made European defence cooperation unnecessary and that quitting the EU would thus not knock Britain's influence as a military power. That did not reckon with America's next president being as equivocal about NATO as is Mr Trump, who has pledged an “America first” doctrine requiring countries under its security umbrella to make their own arrangements. Britain could thus find itself falling into the gap between a less effective, more divided NATO on the one side and rapid moves towards EU defence integration on the other.
A single theme unifies these risks. Brexit is a giant shock to Britain's place in the world. It will sever old links and require new ones to be forged. As some of its keenest proponents concede, this transition will bring painful costs. Most of all it demands lots of good will and flexibility on all sides. In so far as Mr Trump's win means a meaner, more fractious, more volatile global order, it raises those costs and shrinks that space for compromise and consensus essential for a smooth Brexit.
Limiting the damage of a Trump presidency on a Brexiting Britain demands ambition and perspective from Mrs May. Her approach should be two-sided. First, build a new, closer alliance with Angela Merkel, not just on Brexit but on wider issues: the world economy, security, Russia and China. In Berlin and other European capitals officials complain that June's referendum result has taken Britain's mind off all other matters. The prime minister must not allow that to happen and instead work with Mrs Merkel as a bloc capable of countering Mr Trump's worst traits.
Second, Mrs May should use Britain's influence in America (which is significant, if not as much as Britons like to imagine) to attempt to moderate the new president, staying his hand when he does wrong and indulging his vanity when he does right. Mrs May already had her hands full with Brexit. Now, for Britain's sake and that of the world, she must also deal with Mr Brexit himself.
This dude thought his pot grow-tent was nestled safely in the woods.
Turns out he picked a very safe spot -- near a private K-9 training facility.
A K-9 team in training ended up with a real find last Wednesday afternoon when a police dog sniffed out 79 pot plants growing in a field in New Smyrna Beach, according to a news release from the Volusia County Sheriff's Office.
While practicing a track through some woods, a K-9 team from Kentucky stumbled onto a tent. The dog's behavior started to change as it pulled its handler off track and led him to the tent.
The obvious scent of marijuana lingered in the air near the tent.
That's when the handler contacted the Volusia County Sheriff's Office deputies, whofound 79 pot plants and about a pound of cultivated marijuana, the release stated.
The investigation led agents to a nearby trailer and eventually, to a suspect, Anthony Parrish, 38. Agents also found a small amount of pot inside Parrish's trailer, deputies said.
Parrish was charged with two felonies offenses -- manufacture of marijuana and possession of marijuana -- and booked into the Volusia County Branch Jail in Daytona Beach on $3,000 bond.
More FloriDUH
Amir Khan is known to be in the running for a fight with Floyd Mayweather, as the British star and former junior welterweight titlist is one of the biggest names Golden Boy has near Mayweather's weight.
While talk of Khan facing Mayweather in the United Kingdom is probably just hot air -- Mayweather would be giving up far too much gate money in Las Vegas, no matter where they held it in the UK, or how many tickets they sold -- there is certainly a legitimate chance that this fight will happen at some point, perhaps late this year. Khan has been talked about for a late year return, after Ramadan. Mayweather reportedly does intend to fight on September 14, but that's tentative.
There is some belief out there that Khan (28-3, 19 KO) could provide Mayweather (44-0, 26 KO) with a significant test, due to the old cliché (and truth) that styles make fights. The speed of Khan, it is theorized, would bring the 36-year-old Floyd out of his comfort zone.
That very well may be true. Khan, 26, has a pair of the fastest hands in the sport. For pure hand speed, he may actually eclipse Mayweather at this point. Floyd has probably lost some of that to time, which is/was inevitable, but like a master pitcher who loses a few miles per hour off his fastball, Floyd makes up for that without sacrificing his excellence. While the hurler may learn to locate and change speeds more effectively than he ever had to as a youth, Floyd's timing remains impeccable. Robert Guerrero isn't fast, but he's sure as hell not quite as slow and clueless as Mayweather's right hand made him look constantly last Saturday night.
Khan is actively calling for the fight, and had this to say earlier today on Twitter:
"Mayweather may not be around for long. I want my shot. The world's talking about the fight. Garcia and Peterson will be around till I'm around for rematches. Styles make fights. So you saying you rather see Floyd with another opponent that's flat footed and slow who he can pick off when he likes? My natural weight is 153 lbs. Never touched canvas at that weight. 140 I kill myself making it, I've been this weight since 2009. WBC (ranked) #2 at 147."
Despite anything else I might say here, let's be clear: There's absolutely no reason that Amir Khan shouldn't want a fight with Floyd Mayweather, or try and build up public support of the fight, which is the only reason I can imagine he's saying that the world is talking about it -- plenty of people are talking about it, but few in any positive light.
Personally, on that note, I don't have any major issue with the fight. It's just one I think is predictable, if likely pretty exciting for however long it lasts.
Does Khan have the style to give Mayweather problems? He very well might. Floyd wouldn't be able to as easily pick him apart as he did Guerrero, or the way he's done with, frankly, most opponents over his career. Floyd hasn't necessarily picked guys based on avoiding speed, though. For the most part, there hasn't been anyone around quick enough to actually bother him.
If you look back at the lamented supposed "ducks" from a few years back, you have a list with guys like Miguel Cotto (prime years version), Antonio Margarito, Joshua Clottey, and Paul Williams. None of those guys were speed merchants, and frankly, anyone who thinks Margarito would have given Floyd problems in 2006-07 is outside their mind. Margarito hit harder than Carlos Baldomir, but otherwise, that's about the same fight for Floyd. Neither of them were going to find him enough to do any damage. Margarito was a great stalker, but come on.
Here's a video depiction, kind of, of Mayweather vs Margarito, had it happened:
You'll note The Money Team jumping around in celebration after the encounter. Honey was exceptional. So is Floyd.
For speed guys, Mayweather beat Judah -- and don't forget that he'd scheduled that Judah fight before Zab lost to Baldomir, so he wasn't "cherry-picking" Zab, either. That was supposed to be a challenge, and it was, to an extent. Judah did OK early. Then Mayweather took over. Khan, unlike Judah, isn't one of the dreaded southpaws against whom Mayweather urinates himself, as we saw against Guerrero, of course.
Khan has failed against much slower, less accomplished fighters than Floyd Mayweather, even with all that speed. He's still a subpar defensive fighter, for a guy who's achieved what he has, and craftsman Mayweather will find ways to exploit that -- if the likes of Breidis Prescott, Danny Garcia, Lamont Peterson, Julio Diaz, and to a lesser extent, Willie Limond and Michael Gomez can, then Mayweather sure as hell can.
The argument for Khan is one that ignores Mayweather's greatness in order to simply harp on the "styles make fights" saying, in other words.
There is also the idea that Khan will put on a few more pounds for the weigh-in in a new weight class, and this will finally make him a guy who takes a well-timed, well-placed, porous defense-driven, or just plain good shot well. It's unlikely. Khan, who really is ludicrously ranked No. 2 by the WBC at 147 pounds for what you can probably guess are obvious reasons, despite never having fought at the weight in his entire career, has said this before.
When Breidis Prescott smashed him at 135, we heard he'd be better at 140. Once Danny Garcia wrecked him at 140, we heard that he'd be better off fighting at welterweight, and that even the 143-pound catchweight against Diaz a couple weeks ago should help.
Well, guess what? Diaz put Khan on the canvas and shook him plenty, finding holes in Khan's supposedly improved defense despite the fact that the Mexican veteran -- who is slow and flat-footed, by the way -- was loading up for obvious shots much of the fight.
Khan remains a sucker for a counter left hook. Though Floyd's best punch is probably his right hand lead, he's smacked a few guys around with a left hook before. Ask Ricky Hatton, the last Brit to test his luck with Floyd, and another guy some felt could stylistically (for different reasons) trouble Mayweather.
Amir Khan really might be able to make the fight competitive for a couple of rounds. Going back to Limond, the story of that fight was Khan getting putting on his hindquarters, then taking over and outclassing a guy who wasn't really on his level.
Amir could give Floyd some trouble early. Eventually, though, Mayweather will take over and outclass a guy who isn't really on his level.
With all due respect to Amir Khan, who is a good, highly exciting fighter, he's not going to beat Floyd Mayweather. Khan's greatest strength is his stubborn, ballsy approach to the ring. Like him, hate him, whatever him, Amir Khan has a history of taking good fights, taking risks, and fighting his ass off.
His chin is his greatest enemy, and I have no doubt, personally, that Mayweather would crack it, and Khan would be betrayed by his own fatal flaws once more. He is a good fighter. But Floyd Mayweather remains great.
The real question, though, is this: Would the fight be worth watching? I say, of course. Khan is always worth watching, and I've damn sure paid for worse, less interesting pay-per-view main events than this one would be.
Hell, bring it on. Give us the pudding that Floyd Mayweather is always talking about, so we can see the proof, and not just a bunch of speculation and jibber-jabber.
Former Governor of Florida Jeb Bush (R-FL) participated in a wide-ranging interview with the Wall Street Journal Monday night and addressed many of the issues he will face if he goes forward with a run for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, as many suspects he will.
Bush is often criticized by grassroots conservative groups for his participation in creating the Common Core education standards that have affected so many public school curriculums across the country. Bush addressed the complaints head-on and said he's "lost patience" on the issue:
He reiterated his support for higher academic standards—whether they are the Common Core national standards or other equally rigorous benchmarks—and for testing to measure whether students are meeting them. “If you don't measure, you really don't care,” he said. “I've lost my patience on this,” Mr. Bush said, referring to what he described as an unwillingness among special interests to improve public education.
Bush also sought a moderate middle-ground with newly-elected Republicans who might seek a showdown with the White House over funding for programs like Obamacare and the President's Executive Amnesty for illegal immigrants:
It's Saturday night, and you're planning an evening out. You fire up a ridesharing app to head out to your favorite restaurant.
But then an ad appears, offering a free ride to a new Thai spot on the other side of town.
Suddenly, you're reconsidering plans: Why pay for a ride to one neighborhood when another is totally free? Ultimately, your favorite restaurant could lose a customer.
Scenarios like this may play out in the coming era of self-driving vehicles. The cost of offering fully autonomous rides could be so low that businesses will be tempted to subsidize the rides to boost their bottom line.
According to experts, the move could have big implications not only for businesses but for cities, public transportation systems and car owners.
"There's an infinite number of new advertising modes that become possible," said Hod Lipson, a Columbia University engineering professor and author of the book "Driverless: Intelligent Cars and the Road Ahead." "We'll see a lot of innovation."
In some cases, Uber and Lyft rides are already priced so low that they're competitive with public transportation systems. With self-driving vehicles, costs will be even lower. After all, there will be no driver to pay. Ultimately, public transportation systems could be undercut.
Research from investment firm Ark Invest has estimated autonomous taxis will cost $0.35 per mile. Rides today typically run a few dollars for each mile.
According to Ark Invest analyst Tasha Keeney, someone taking a shared ride in a self-driving vehicle could experience even cheaper rides. But some riders may not see a point in riding with strangers if it's only saving them 5% on an already low fare, Keeney added.
This could result in a traffic nightmare. Urban designer Jeff Speck warned low-occupancy vehicles are a tremendous waste of street space. Replacing trains and buses with autonomous vehicles could cripple mobility.
As a result, city planners may need to determine how to manage a major influx of self-driving vehicles. Automakers may also see a decline in sales as customers may see fewer reasons to buy a car.
Related: Your car's data may soon be more valuable than the car itself
Free transportation might seem like a wildly revolutionary idea, but there are already examples today, such as airport shuttle buses.
"The psychological appeal of zero [cost] is so strong; any time you can offer a free transportation service, like a corporate shuttle, you almost certainly will," Chris Anderson, author of "Free: The Future of a Radical Price," told CNN.
In the book, he argues businesses can benefit more from giving things away than charging for them.
For example, a free ride service on golf carts called Sprynt launched in a section of Arlington, Virginia this summer. The neighborhood is full of restaurants and affluent young people, making it a good fit for an ad supported business model.
Sprynt founder Alex Villanueva has placed iPads in front of his passengers. The business was inspired by free ride services in Florida and California that operate along popular commercial strips.
The big question is just how far free or nearly free self-driving rides will reach. Niche services such as Sprynt won't get you everywhere you need to go.
Car data is so lucrative that Ben Volkow -- CEO of otonomo, an Israeli startup that sells vehicle data -- expects automakers to more money selling data than vehicles by 2020.
If the money made off self-driving vehicle data outweighs the costs of offering rides, then it becomes reasonable for a business to offer free rides broadly.
Related: Domino's testing self-driving pizza delivery
Anderson cautions that it's premature to think about how a business model around self-driving taxis could function and how the future will play out. There are still technical hurdles to developing the vehicles, and questions around liability and regulations.
"Whether people will go to Uber, or bikes, a reinvented public transportation or air taxis, I'm not sure," Anderson said. "But the notion of the three-car garage is clearly going away."
Metro Transit staff dug deep and presented a list of more than $500 million in possible cuts to the proposed Southwest light-rail line on Wednesday, part of an effort to curb escalating costs that have put the $2 billion transit project at risk.
No decisions were made at the meeting of the Southwest Corridor Management Committee, a group of officials with ties to the five cities along the 16-mile light-rail line linking Minneapolis to Eden Prairie. A final plan for trimming $341 million from the project's burgeoning bottom line will likely come by early July, when the Metropolitan Council is slated to approve a new slimmed-down budget.
After a call to get out the “sharp pencils,” Metro Transit staff suggested a laundry list of major cuts — such as ending the line at the Golden Triangle business park in Eden Prairie, cutting out three stations and saving up to $375 million. Other proposed trims were less draconian, such as limiting landscaping and public art at the line's 17 stations, and reconfiguring a maintenance facility.
The overall path of the line was generally kept intact.
“This is as challenging as I thought it would be,” said Met Council Chair Adam Duininck, who also heads the Southwest committee.
Moving forward, that challenge will involve making cuts that seem equitable to each town along the train's path, which includes Minneapolis, St. Louis Park, Hopkins, Minnetonka and Eden Prairie.
Graphic: A look at the options for the line Graphic: A look at the options for the line
The exercise in belt-tightening comes after a Met Council analysis released in April found the original $1.65 billion cost of the controversial transit line had increased by $341 million. The hike was attributed to poor ground conditions along its pathway, increased costs associated with property acquisitions, and soil contamination in St. Louis Park and Hopkins. As a result, the state's largest transportation project will be delayed by a year, opening sometime in 2020.
The news provoked a “shocked and appalled” Gov. Mark Dayton to express “serious questions about its viability and affordability.” Even Duininck said at the time “all options are on the table” for the controversial project, including abandoning it altogether.
Cities question cuts
Although Wednesday's meeting was intended to be a big-picture presentation of possible cost-cutting scenarios, the fact that deleting or delaying the Royalston and Penn stations in Minneapolis made it on the list prompted a pointed soliloquy from Peter Wagenius, public policy director for Minneapolis.
He said the city consented to the project in part because the Royalston station would serve as an important connector between bus service in north Minneapolis and jobs-rich points south along the Southwest line. “Community expectations were high that that connectivity would exist, and now you're proposing to delete two out of three stations serving north Minneapolis?” he said. He noted that Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges was equally outraged.
Likewise, Eden Prairie Mayor Nancy Tyra-Lukens expressed concern if the line ended at the Golden Triangle business park, where some 20,000 people work at companies such as Supervalu Inc. and Starkey Laboratories Inc. That would mean the final three stations at Eden Prairie Town Center mall, Southwest (near a major park-and-ride facility) and Mitchell Road would be eliminated. “I think that would be very odd,” she said.
“I could handle losing [the] Mitchell Road [station],” she said. “It would not be ideal, because that station does serve more homes than any other along the line.” She said the loss of the Eden Prairie mall stop would be “devastating.”
Mark Fuhrmann, Metro Transit's deputy general manager, said special care was made by staff to recommend cuts that would not imperil critical funding from the Federal Transit Administration, which is slated to pay half of Southwest's total cost.
The remaining funds include 30 percent (or $496 million) from the Counties Transit Improvement Board, a body composed of elected officials from Anoka, Dakota, Hennepin, Ramsey and Washington counties, who oversee revenue raised for transit through a metro-area sales tax. The remaining 20 percent would come from state coffers, and the Hennepin County Regional Railroad Authority.
You watch a lot of college football on television, and you have become very good at that.
You know exactly which plays are working, because those plays make yards and touchdowns. We should run more of those plays, you say to yourself. Those plays were working earlier; why did we stop running those plays?
You are very good at clock management, too. You know exactly when a runner should get out of bounds, when the quarterback should spike the ball, when to call a time out. You often shout these instructions at your TV screen.
Sometimes you tell your beer that you could be a football coach. When you're stuck at a red light or eating a hot dog or watching cartoons, you think about how awesome that would be, and you are mostly right. Coaches make a lot of money. They are on TV a lot. They get a bunch of free clothes with logos and bright colors. They get to be in commercials and fly on special airplanes.
But before you take your first head coaching job, you need to know there are also many things that are bad.
You have to recruit a lot. This means visiting and texting 17-year-old boys every day, something that would get you arrested if you had a different job. You also have to spend time with rich alumni and pretend you are not spending time with them because they are rich alumni, that their richness isn't the reason you are drinking Bud Light with them on a Tuesday night in a weird banquet hall when you should be texting a 17-year-old.
But by far the worst thing about being a coach is that every day of every week, fans and alumni and media people grade your job performance. They are the Judgers. The Judgers review the score of your last football game, and if your team scored fewer points than the other team, they will explore what you did to make this horrible thing happen. The Judgers will say that you had a terrible game plan, that you didn't have the kids ready to play, that you were outcoached. The Judgers cannot know whether these things are true. But that does not matter, because these are not really explanations in the first place. They are insults.
The Judgers speak these insults as part of an evil plan. They repeat them at work and at bars and at gas stations until they seem true. They call radio stations from their cars. Dave from Springfield is a long-time-listener-first-time-caller, and even though he has never met you, he wants you to lose your job, to move to a new city, to force your kids to make new friends. You will pretend that you do not hear Dave and that you do not care, but you do and you do.
If you disappoint the Judgers, they will destroy you. They will not stop until their words force you onto something called the Hot Seat. They will then talk about how you have landed on the Hot Seat as if it was a sad accident and not something they did.
The Hot Seat is not a place to sit. It's not an actual thing at all, yet it can wreck your career. So before you take your first job, you must understand the most important thing: YOU HAVE TO AVOID THE HOT SEAT AT ALL COSTS. There are three rules for doing this.
RULE No. 1: Be expensive.
Make sure that it costs a pile of money to fire you. Your agent can help you do this by negotiating a big buyout clause or a backloaded contract or a weird penalty that your school will have to pay to get rid of you.
Once you have done that, find out which people would have to pay that money. These are the Money People. You must make the Money People happy, or at least not make them sad. Who are the Money People? Your bosses have budgets, so they are Money People. The donors who write big checks are Money People. The season ticket holders are Money People, in a sort of tiebreaker way.
The Firing Formula is the thing that will determine whether you get fired at any point in time. You will get fired when:
The cost of firing you < How much the Money People hate you
Once firing you becomes worth it under the Firing Formula, your job will be gone.
RULE No. 2: Have the two intangibles (the Mack Brown rule).
Intangible No. 1: Be likable. Nobody likes firing a nice person. Be charming. Smile a lot. Be humble. Say things like, (1) "We were very fortunate," and, (2) "Oh I don't know about that, Jim!" and, (3) "I'm just so proud of these kids." And talk about adversity and how much of it you have to overcome. SO MUCH ADVERSITY. If you don't have any adversity, you need to make some up, then overcome it and talk about it.
Intangible No. 2: Be your school's boyfriend or girlfriend. Make everyone believe you love your school more than anything. This is a giant lie, of course. They hired you because they had a job opening, and you took the job because you needed one. But pretend that fate brought you to the school and that you love it MORE THAN ANYTHING IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD, because the Judgers and Money People want to believe this very badly. Also, the longer you are at your school, the more everyone gets used to you, like a paint color or a comfortable couch, and the more weird it would feel to not have you there, even if you have become bad at coaching.
Now, even if you have these two intangibles, you will not keep your job longer than the Firing Formula allows. But you will be able to minimize how much the Money People hate you and keep your job longer than you should.
RULE No. 3: Know the Main Thing.
The most important thing is to understand why you were hired in the first place.
This is easy, you say. Coaches are hired to win a bunch of football games.
Well, yeah, except not exactly. Studies show that on average, coaches lose approximately half of their football games every year, and only one of 128 at the top level wins the national title. Winning games is hard. Every coach you go against spends 110 hours a week trying not to get fired, just like you do.
The secret is that your job isn't just to win a bunch of football games. It's to win enough football games and do a few other things in order to allow the Main Thing to happen.
Each school has a different Main Thing, and it's up to you to figure out what your school's Main Thing is. The people at the school won't tell you, because they may not want to admit it or even realize it, but it's there.
At Nebraska, for example, the Main Thing is to make the fans feel like it can one day be the 1990s again. Whether it can or cannot actually be the 1990s again is not the point. That means the coach must win big games and bowl games and recruiting battles so it feels like the train is once again leaving the station for Titlesville. When Nebraska loses big games, the fans aren't just frustrated about the loss. They are frustrated because THIS ISN'T WORKING. Nebraska fans want building blocks and things to celebrate so it seems like the team is just a couple tweaks away from the top five. Tom Osborne created a monster; you must feed the monster, or the monster will eat you.
The open jobs
The good news is that there will be some pretty good job openings at the end of this season, so this is your big chance. For example, Michigan, Florida, and Kansas will be looking for a person like you. But you're smart, so before you accept one of these jobs, you want to know each school's Main Thing.
Michigan. At Michigan, the Main Thing is to make the fans feel proud of Michigan. Michigan, you see, is an Institution. Some people will tell you that the Main Thing is to beat Ohio State, but that's only important because it's a quick way to make people proud of Michigan.
This year, Brady Hoke's Michigan team got crushed by Notre Dame and then lost to Utah and Minnesota and Rutgers and Michigan State. As the losses piled up, Michigan people didn't want to talk about Michigan football as much. They were less proud of Michigan. Brady Hoke failed at the Main Thing, and he was placed on the Hot Seat.
And Hoke sent a concussed kid back into a football game either by accident or because he was disorganized or stupid. And that was very embarrassing. This was a different type of sin, but really the same one. BRADY HOKE EMBARASSED US, AGAIN.
He failed at the Main Thing, and he will soon be throwing all of his Michigan clothing into a garbage can.
Florida. When Florida hires you as its head football coach, they hand you a chest of shiny tools and treasures and expect you to unleash them and protect them. You have everything you need: beautiful weather, the neatest conference, and gifted high school athletes who were required by law to play no fewer than seven hours of football every day starting at age six.
So at Florida, the Main Thing is to make everyone feel like you are not going to get in the way of the winning, that you will let the winning happen. And if you can do it in a flashy way and score a lot of points, even better. Be cool. Be humble. Be tough. As a random example, don't be a yelly, inexperienced defensive-minded meathead. That is someone who appears to get in the way of the winning.
Kansas. If Kansas offers you the head coaching job, I want you to take it. It's in a good conference. The school has money and nice buildings. And their Main Thing is simple: make Saturdays fun. Play games that matter, avoid off-field drama, be likable, and have a chance for a breakout year once in a while. Pave the way to basketball season. THAT'S IT. You will never be the biggest deal at Kansas as long as the sport of basketball exists, but there are good things about that. You can have that job for a long time, if you just make Saturdays fun.
As you read this, Charlie Weis is lying on a very large couch and not coaching Kansas, mostly because he made Saturdays not fun at all. He was kind of a penis and made the football feel hopeless. Don't do that.
So, good luck with your first coaching job. I'm sure you'll do great. Make the Judgers and Money People happy (you won't) and you'll have a long successful career (you'll be fired).
Late in June, Tarka Indian Kitchen brought fast-casual fare to 721 W. 19th Street in the Heights. Last week, lines were already healthy in the restaurant between Cane Rosso and Hugs & Donuts. It's the first Tarka in Houston, but not the last location for the Austin-based chain.
We spoke to CEO and co-founder Tinku Saini in September about his plans for expansion. The Heights restaurant joins three Austin locations and stores in San Antonio and Round Rock. A second Houston-area Tarka will follow soon at Springwoods Village in Spring. Saini told us he chose both neighborhoods partly because they each have a Torchy's Tacos, which he considers a model of a small Austin business that's expanded successfully.
The cuisine at Tarka is designed to be prepared in 10 minutes and cost less than $10. Nonetheless, meats include grass-fed lamb and all-natural, free-range chicken. Many dishes are vegetarian, vegan or gluten-free. And if there isn't a Tarka near you yet, chances are, it will be sprouting soon.
A couple of weeks ago, I set out to conquer Utah's Mighty 5: Zion, Bryce, Capitol Reef, Arches and Canyonlands — the five national parks in Utah — and I was determined to see them all in a single weekend.
When people found out I was doing this, I was usually met with one of two responses. They either thought I was crazy — after all, you could easily spend 48 hours or more in each of these parks — or they were amazed and intrigued by my ambition.
So how did I do it? What were the highlights? I kept a journal along the way. Take a look!
Friday, 2 p.m.
I just landed in Las Vegas. While most people are gearing up to hit the casinos, I can't wait to get my rental car and start driving to Zion National Park. I have to be honest, I'm having a slight moment of panic. Am I just a poser? Am I really driving hundreds of miles by myself into the middle-of-nowhere Utah? I shove all these doubts out of my mind. I have to get going if I want to have time to explore Zion before sunset.
Friday, 7 p.m.
The steep, rocky landscape is no hassle for these bighorn sheep at Zion National Park in Utah. (Photo: Tom Tietz/Shutterstock)
Zion is gorgeous and the perfect way to kick off my journey. Here I am at Canyon Overlook, right as the sun is about to set. Just up the canyon, I can see a small herd of bighorn sheep. So cool! The next time I'm here, I want to do the Angel's Landing hike, but for now, I have to get going. I'm staying at an Airbnb tonight on the way to Bryce Canyon.
Saturday, 5 a.m.
I'm not exactly a morning person, but I have this new sense of determination like a kid who just made the basketball team, off to the first practice. Or like a deer with half an antler, which I happened to see early on my drive into the canyon.
I hope this sunrise is worth it.
Saturday, 7 a.m.
Sunrise over Bryce Canyon in Utah. (Photo: Stacy Tornio)
This sunrise at the Bryce Amphitheater is so completely worth it. I feel this incredible sense of peace, looking out over Bryce Canyon. I know it sounds cliché, but I don't know if I can find the words to describe it. This is one the most beautiful nature scenes I've ever witnessed.
Saturday, 10 a.m.
The hoodoos and forest mix together in Bryce Canyon National Park. (Photo: AngMoKio/Wikimedia Commons)
After sunrise, I do a couple of short hikes in the park and do a little bird-watching. Then I come back to the Bryce Amphitheater to bid it goodbye. I try to burn it into my memory as much as possible. I can't wait to come back.
Saturday, 2 p.m.
Capitol Reef National Park has about 3,100 trees in its orchards, including cherry, apricot, peach, pear, apple, plum, mulberry, almond and walnut, according to the National Park Service. (Photo: Stacy Tornio)
I'm now in Capitol Reef National Park, picking apples and peaches in the public orchard, open to the public. This gives a whole new meaning to the lyrics, "This land is your land. This land is my land." By the way, the drive between Bryce and Capitol Reef was the most scenic, beautiful drive I've ever taken in my life. Best of all, I had no cell service. It was just nature and me.
Saturday, 7 p.m.
The perfect end to a long day of visiting parks. (Photo: Stacy Tornio)
I'm in Moab, Utah, for the night, and I just found one of the only full-service bars in town. Hello, margarita!
Sunday, 8 a.m.
Delicate Arch, a well-known, 65-foot-tall landmark, is depicted on Utah license plates and postage stamps. (Photo: Palacemusic/Wikimedia Commons)
I didn't quite make it for sunrise, but here I am, looking at the famous Delicate Arch at Arches National Park. It's just as impressive as you'd hope it would be.
Sunday, 9 a.m.
The author before her Double O Arch hike. (Photo: Stacy Tornio)
I'm off to do the Double O Arch hike. Some of the trail is listed as "primitive." Not gonna lie — I'm starting to feel more like a real adventurer today.
Sunday, noon
The wind was strong at this point during the Double O Arch hike. (Photo: Stacy Tornio)
The hike was everything a hike should be — challenging, a bit mysterious, slightly scary in parts, and the most killer views. While up on this group of boulders, I felt like the wind was going to blow me away. It was like that scene in "Titanic," minus the whole ship, ocean and guy holding onto you thing.
Okay, maybe it wasn't like "Titanic" at all. It was way better.
Sunday, 2 p.m.
Canyonlands National Park in Utah was carved by the Colorado River. (Photo: Stacy Tornio)
Here I am at my fifth park — Canyonlands National Park — exactly 48 hours from when I landed in Vegas. As I stand at the top of the canyons looking down at the Green River, I can't help but think of the Edward Abbey quote I'd read earlier that day: "May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing views." Well said, Mr. Abbey.
When I started this solo journey, I didn't know what to expect. In fact, I tried really hard not to expect anything — I just wanted to enjoy nature and be in the moment. Maybe I didn't solve any of the world's problems while I was out there or have any great epiphanies, but it was truly one of the most epic trips I've ever done.
Cheryl Strayed, the author of "Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail," once wrote, "I realized there was nothing to do but go, so I did."
While I'll never claim to be as adventurous and awesome and genius as her, those words definitely resonate with me. You see, it's easy to talk yourself out of things or find reasons not to go on adventures. Time and money are often the two biggest culprits. But you know what? Sometimes you just have to up and go.
How I saw 5 national parks in Utah in 48 hours
I set out to conquer Utah's Mighty 5 national parks — Zion, Bryce, Capitol Reef, Canyonlands and Arches — in a single weekend.
US-sponsored Murderous Dictatorships:
A List
How many murderous dictatorships has the US installed or supported?
Let's count.
Country Dictator Dates Statistics Chile Gen. Augusto Pinochet 1973-1990 3000 murdered. 400,000 tortured. Argentina Gen. Jorge Rafael Videla 1976-1981 30,000 murdered. more Indonesia Suharto 1965 coup against left-leaning Sukarno,
1975 support of East Timor genocide
500,000 dead after 1965 coup; 100,000-230,000 dead in East Timor; more, more, more. Guatemala Armas, Fuentes, Montt 1954- Iran The Shah of Iran Ayatollah Khomeini was on the CIA payroll in the 1970s in Paris Egypt Sadat, Mubarak 1978-today Iraq Saddam Hussein Nicaragua Anastasio Somoza & sons 1937-1979 Paraguay Stroessner. US supported throughout (state.gov says US has supported Paraguayan development since 1942) ($142M between 1962 and 1975) 1954-1989 Bolivia Col. Hugo Banzer overthrew elected leftist president Juan Jose Torres 1970- Angola Jonas Savimbi/UNITA (didn't actually win his revolution, but killed or displaced millions) 1975-1989 Zaire Mobutu Saudi Arabia Saud family Kuwait a monarchy Morocco Tunisia Algeria Jordan Panama Noriega was US-supported for years Haiti Papa Doc, Baby Doc Dominican Republic Trujillo, a military dictator for 32 years with US support for most of that time; Belaguer, Trujillo's protege, installed after US Marines intervened to put down an attempt to restore the democratically elected government of Juan Bosch 1930-61, 1965-78 Honduras El Salvador 1980s Nepal monarchy since 1948 Cuba Fulgencio Batista pre-Castro Brazil Gen. Branco overthrew elected president Goulart with US support 1965-67 Uzbekistan Kamirov "The Boiler", $150M from the Bush administration for an air base. 1965-67
There are some gaps of information there. If you know any details that could help fill the gaps, let me know, it would be much appreciated.
So I count 25. Rough numbers, let's not be picky.
I barely have 25 people in my pingpong club, we're talking 25 countries.
Now that's a bleeping crime.
So who's responsible? I am an American: I am responsible.
So what am I going to do about it? I'm going to be an American, and express myself, with attitude, about what I do and don't like in this world, and tell everyone what I think has got to be done. So keep on reading.
And you? Be an American too: make up your own mind, persuade yourself, and try to persuade the rest of them. Talk leads to action, so talk!
Slightly Stoopid Prove Deadicated
Slightly Stoopid have played a lot of different venues since forming in San Diego in the mid-1990s. Given their near constant touring schedule, you'd probably have a harder time finding places that haven't hosted the laid back reggae-rockers, who have also been a staple of the festival scene for years. Yet the band had never performed in a setting quite like TRI Studios, a state-of-the-art recording studio and “virtual venue” in San Rafael, CA owned by none other than Bob Weir.
On September 13, 2011 Slightly Stoopid gathered some friends for TRI's second-ever pay-per-view concert, which featured guest appearances by Karl Denson, Dumpstaphunk's Ian & Ivan Neville, reggae icon Don Carlos and, of course, Bob Weir. The event was also hosted, in appropriately Slightly Stoopid fashion, by celebrated comedian and marijuana enthusiast Tommy Chong. Over the course of two sets and 31 songs, Stoopid and co. dug deep into their catalog as they burned through hits like “Closer to the Sun,” “Ain't Got A Lot of Money” and “Ocean,” as well as covers of choice tunes like “I Know You Rider” and “Cissy Strut.” While the fantastic performance was webcast live at the time, it was also recorded in crisp high definition for a future release. Now, over 18 months and a few cable broadcasts later, Slightly Stoopid and Friends: Live at Roberto's TRI Studios is finally available on DVD, CD and digital formats. We recently spoke with one of the band's frontmen, Miles Doughty, about the TRI experience, the band's 4/20 show at Red Rocks, the influence of the Grateful Dead and more.
Let's talk about your recent 4/20 show at Red Rocks. How was that?
Honestly, the 4:20 show was like heaven on earth for us as far as being in the vibe of Colorado and what you get from Red Rocks itself. You know, it was cold weather and a little bit rainy and there was snow on the ground outside the compound. But we had Cypress Hill, Tribal Seeds, Slightly Stoopid and the whole marijuana legalization movement. It really couldn't have been better and you couldn't have asked for a better crowd to play in front of too. The Colorado fans are ridiculous, it doesn't matter what the weather's like, there's ten thousand people there going nuts. So it was pretty epic.
Could you sense a different vibe there now that the marijuana laws have changed?
The vibe still the same, it's just now it's more legal. I think as far as the marijuana movement, people that smoke it and use it, it's been a culture for so long that the fact that it's legalized just means you don't have to worry about the law enforcement, but I don't really think it changed the vibe. People in Colorado have always been really cool, and that's always been a thing. For me it was more like, finally. [Laughs]
How did this TRI performance with Bob Weir come about?
Our manager got in touch with Bob Weir's people about going up there and was able to set up the jam session. Honestly it all came together, even with Ian and Ivan Neville, Don Carlos, Karl Denson, so it was pretty much like twelve-piece arsenal going to work up there. It was really cool, just the whole experience, getting to play with Bob and we've worked with the Nevilles before and the other guys. But being a fan of what The Dead have done over their careers and whatnot, it was a trip. Being in the dressing room with Bob singing harmonies with him. I was just sitting there with my guitar thinking, “Holy shit I'm sitting here with Bob Weir jamming out ‘I Know You Rider'.'' So it was pretty amazing, just a surreal moment, going “Wow.” And what was awesome about it was just the whole vibe it had. The microphones are all in the ceiling and the walls and everything, so it has a real ambient sound that's pretty amazing. I've never seen anything like it as far as a recording room goes, and they let you kind of set it up with your vibe and I was really happy with the finished project. It was cool because we just left the jam open. We had a list of songs we wanted to play but we didn't really sit there and do a big rehearsal together and go over it. We kind of just went for it and what you see is what you get, so it was pretty cool.
Has Slightly Stoopid been influenced by The Dead in any way?
I think that the biggest thing that we took from them was just the power of touring. It's really what no band had done before, the level they took touring to. They were a band that wasn't known commercially for their music or their CDs and whatnot, they were a touring entity that just brushed across the country. Deadheads would just travel forever and, I'm not comparing us to the Grateful Dead, but our fanbase, we like to call them Stoopid Heads, and they do the same kind of thing. They travel everywhere and watch the shows and you see the way the summer tours are and the way it always is, the fans are crazy. It's kind of like it's its own ship now, you just pull into port and it fills up with people. It's pretty crazy and we've learned that that was kind of how we liked to model our touring life, just always being on the road and realizing the blessing you have to be able to play music and give that to your fans.
Have any elements of their musical style influenced you guys?
Well yeah. We like to improv, we like to jam with a lot of different artists and have fun. Every time we go on tour we'll bring the other bands up with us and play. And I think the biggest thing is interaction with our fans. That's something that Slightly Stoopid has always done. You know, we like to play music. We're there to play music with the fans and we like to get them involved in the shows whether they're singing along or calling out songs or just situations like that and I think that's important. I think the Dead really appreciated that and they would jam forever. Their jam instrumentals were ten times the length ours are, but we definitely like to have the freestyle and the crowd participation.
Pages:Next Page »
By Robert Foyle Hunwick
Fiction by foreigners in China has lost its sheen considerably since the days of André Malraux's Shanghai classic La Condition Humaine (Man's Fate), which won the Prix Goncourt in 1933 despite being, frankly, turgid. (It also later emerged that Malraux had concocted many things relating to his claims and his research.)
Modern spy novels, such as Adam Brookes' Night Heron, still make for great reading, but a surfeit of homegrown Chinese writing and, perhaps, fear of “cultural appropriation” has diminished an appetite for serious fiction-writing by foreigners, with some notable exceptions: Susan Barker's The Incarnations and Jack Livings' short–story collection The Dog.
Over in China, the “expat novel” is considered a punchline among old hands; last year's publication of one particularly hopeless memoir prompted a friend, and fellow LARB contributor, to sarcastically wonder if, somewhere in Beijing “a nondescript borderline-alcoholic English teacher might be polishing off the manuscript of the China equivalent to The Sun Also Rises.”
While I can't speak to author Quincy Carroll's current drinking habits — for all I know, he might be a perfectly reasonable dipsomaniac — his debut Up the Mountains, Down the Countryside is probably as close to that novel as we're likely to get, or want. (Carroll is an MFA graduate who's worked for an NGO teaching in Hunan; the title is an elegiac reference to the dispatch of Red Guards to provincial farming communities during the Cultural Revolution.)
In this assured, if occasionally florid debut, the author deftly skewers two symbolic opposites who wind up teaching together at a no-mark suburban school in the equally dreary Hunan city of Ningyuan.
Thomas, the elder, is a 60-year-old Minnesotan deadbeat whose charmless cynicism might be his only (vaguely) redeeming quality; enthusiastic Sinophile Daniel, meanwhile, is a bright-eyed youth with stretched earlobe piercings and bright-red hair, whose fondness for strumming the guitar, while crooning folk songs to his adoring students, marks him out as an irritant of an altogether different calibre.
While idle Thomas, “arrogant, lewd and racist,” regards the didactic enterprise with little more than a rapacious, occasionally salacious eye, Daniel prepares lesson plans from scratch, tries to institute a library (it gets taken over by a divorced faculty member as a crash pad), and hikes the outer hills of Ningyuan like it's the Lake District, viewing even the most mundane details of rural Chinese existence with the keen-eyed interest of the amateur anthropologist.
If that sounds familiar to some readers, it's fair to say that Daniel's sections — the plot is divided into chapters alternating between viewpoints –occasionally evoke a fictionalized version of Peter Hessler's Peace Corps memoir River Town (2001), albeit with erotic dimensions missing from that famous work: one of the novel's less-imaginative chapters involves a boozy boys' night out in Changsha and Daniel's eager encounter with a prostitute.
Clearly, the novel's two male leads are set for some form of explosive collision, the catalyst for which proves to be Bella, a naïve and overfamiliar student whose urgent wish to ingratiate herself, and enjoy the full “Western” experience by studying abroad, is almost as wearying as Thomas' studied surliness. While Daniel is likeable, even charming by comparison, Carroll takes care to salt the conflict with some yin to his yang. He's prone to mildly absurd gestures, such as handcrafting an Aeolian harp out of reclaimed wood, and his excessive idealism is punctuated by a needy self-regard (“his students appeared to love him, and Daniel had no idea why, over the course of a year, the two of them had not become better friends”).
The denouement to this near–allegorical clash of the totems comes over a Spring Festival meal at Bella's family home, which includes a divisive and revolting braised dog's paw — the ensuing fallout is contrived yet satisfying: At just over 200 pages, Up the Mountains doesn't outstay its welcome.
If the idea of two teachers feuding in Asia sounds as hackneyed as a tell–all Shanghai sex memoir, consider that, in another era, this could just have easily centered on the rivalry between a noble missionary and a foreign mercenary in war-torn Qing times. The supporting Chinese cast, moreover, is certainly more deeply drawn than Thomas and Daniel, who sometimes feel like vehicles for Carroll's deeper point.
Via email, Carrol explained he “felt like there wasn't a lot of honest fiction out there about foreigners in China,” and the book was a reaction to his own self-doubts about those who seemed “either complete failures or totally lost in life.”
Examining the inclination for Westerners to gravitate toward (or occasionally repel) each other overseas, Carroll deconstructs the belief that waiguoren, foreigners, are imbued with some mutual heritage — a fallacy not unlike Beijing's presumption that “all Chinese” (all Han, at least) are obligated toward an ancient, mystic kinship that transcends nationality or upbringing. Meanwhile, back on Earth, here's to the renewed quest for the Great American (in China) Novel.
Robert Foyle Hunwick is a media consultant and editor at large for BeijingCream.com. Up to the Mountains, Down to the Countryside (Inkshares, 224 pp, $15.95 rrp) is available at Barnes & Noble, independent bookshops, and Amazon.
British police forces made 733,237 requests to view communications data over a three-year period, according to a new report by campaign group Big Brother Watch.
Cameron cited ‘Operational requirements' which refers to renewed fears of revenge attacks due to the illegal UK ‘state-terrorist' bombing of Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Lybia and indirectly in Yemen. Britain has a growing market selling arms to all sides, fuelling the expanding conflicts and refusing and deporting desperate refugees and asylum seekers.
Cameron asked—without a hint of embarrassment—“In our country, do we want to allow a means of communication between people which […] we cannot read?” He quickly answered his own question: “‘No, we must not.'”
Cameron's suggestion was part of a larger push to revive the “Snooper's Charter.”…It includes a provision to ban WhatsApp, iMessage, and Snapchat “to stop people from sending any form of encrypted messages.”
The Home Office claimed it would “better equip law enforcement and intelligence agencies to meet their key operational requirements” by allowing them to monitor communications more invasively.
Facebook and Google and all others would be required to hand over whatever information the government wants, when it wants it…
Cameron pontificated this week that “…the question we must ask ourselves is whether, as technology develops, we are content to leave a safe space – a new means of communication – for terrorists to communicate with each other.”
Conservatives in Parliament are expected to pass the bill (previously killed by liberal Democrats in the previous administration) with enforcement as early as 2016, even as computing experts warn the policies may enable the very terrorists they are intended to thwart.
sources Antimedia/ Big Brother Watch/ Press Reports
Shannon Stapleton/Reuters
The zoning arguments and policies that will win over liberal white homeowners won't mention race or class directly . But they will restrict the density that makes sense for affordable housing.
Thomas B. Edsall posed an indecent question in a Wednesday column in The New York Times. “Can Republicans turn the Supreme Court and [U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development] decisions and the renewed drive to integrate residential housing into a wedge issue to weaken Democratic allegiance?” No, that's not the question. That question is practically rhetorical. By the time that HUD released its final rule on the Fair Housing Act—a 377-page tome on homes titled Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing—the spittle was already flying fast and furious. National Review's Stanley Kurtz wrote that the new ruling “gives the federal government a lever to re-engineer nearly every American neighborhood.” There's no doubt that Republicans want to work the Supreme Court's decision on disparate impact. Rather, the indecent question Edsall asks is whether fair housing will make Stanley Kurtzes out of liberals. Now that white communities are required to make room for poor and minority households, will white liberals in those communities continue to vote with the Democratic Party?
Even ruder: Will the prospect of black neighbors turn liberals into conservatives? The conservative policies that will win over liberal white homeowners won't mention race or class directly . But they will restrict the density that makes sense for affordable housing. Of course, it isn't a rude question at all. It's a real-keeping question. The history of the U.S. details how white homeowners have used every tool at their disposal to enforce racial segregation—explicitly and implicitly, legally and illegally—in nearly every American neighborhood. Edsall's perceptive question is simply in tune with the history of housing. Edsall points to Westchester County in New York for evidence that Republicans can pick up seats in white liberal jurisdictions by exploiting fear and hate. (The same fear and hate that Kurtz demonstrates in his piece—which is perceptive, too, in its own way.) There in predominantly Democratic-voting Westchester County, a Republican, Robert Astorino, won the seat for county executive, in 2009 and then again 2013. He won by the largest margins in the dozens of white communities where his Democratic predecessor had approved the construction of some 750 units of affordable housing. For now, all Edsall can say for certain is that the new rulings from HUD and SCOTUS may mean even larger margins for Astorino the next time around. But Edsall is onto something so much larger. Affirmative rulings on fair housing may prompt a new era of There Goes the Neighborhood–ism. And thanks to broad shifts in demographics, fair housing could affect the pH balance of major metro areas over the long term.
What follows are some sketches to show how justice in housing could erode the Democratic advantage in cities, a prospect that should give pause to partisans on both sides. Cities are growing richer—and that wealth isn't trickling down “Across the 50 largest cities, households in the 95th percentile of income earned 11.6 times as much as households at the 20th percentile,” reads a Brookings Institution report on cities and inequality from March. Their report finds a larger inequality gap in cities than in the nation overall. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... In 12 of the 50 largest cities, the rich (households in the 95th percentile for income) grew a great deal richer between 2012 and 2013. In 11 of those 50 cities, poorer households (20th percentile) made big gains over the same stretch. But there was very little overlap: Only in Jacksonville, Florida, and Houston, Texas, did both rich and poor households make gains. And in most cities (31 of 50), lower-income households were worse off in 2013 than they were in 2007.
(Brookings Institution)
Rents are rising, but you knew that already. Soaring rents plus soaring incomes at the top in growing cities means a larger and larger disparity gap for affordable housing to bridge. In light of the Supreme Court's decision in Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs v. The Inclusive Communities Project, we're talking about building low-income housing in affluent neighborhoods that are growing richer and richer. The culture wars are over(ish) Justice Anthony Kennedy's majority opinion for Obergefell v. Hodges didn't declare a formal end to hostilities between liberals and conservatives on social issues. But with the argument over same-sex marriage off the table for good—an issue that galvanized liberals and one that more than a few conservatives have hoped to shelve for years—there's that much less daylight between Democrats and Republicans on culture. Of course there are other issues that will continue to divide left and right. Transgender rights, for example. But as LGBTQ advocates fear, success in the effort to secure same-sex marriage rights may lead many allies and activists to declare victory and go home. Elsewhere, the sweeping surrender on Confederate symbols suggests that the next culture wars will look different than today's.
This is all to say that, while immigration or religious freedom or #TeamTaylor vs #TeamKaty will continue to divide people, the configurations of these skirmishes and their salience in down-ticket elections could change. Liberal in the streets, NIMBY in the sheets If Republicans can counter the narrative that they hate gay people, black people, poor people, women people, migrant people, etc., then they may find a way in with liberal white homeowners who vocally support tolerance—but very much do not want to live near black people or poor people. This is a tough sell, today: Donald Trump is winning the GOP field right now on an anti-Mexican platform. Presumably, however, that won't always be the case. Liberals may never trust Republicans when it comes to elections for the person who appoints seats on the Supreme Court. When it comes to zoning and housing decisions, though, liberal white homeowners may find themselves less allergic to the Republican Party going forward. The struggle has shifted to zoning, where owners have the edge Take a look at Astorino's state of the county address from Westchester County back in 2013. “Let me say this loud and clear: There is absolutely no place for discrimination in our county,” he says. “The biggest and really the only issue going forward is zoning.” He adds: “Washington bureaucrats, who you will never see or meet, want the power to determine who will live where and how each neighborhood will look. What's at stake is the fundamental right of our cities, towns, and villages to plan and zone for themselves.”
Two years later, Astorino 2015 state of the county address echoes many of the same themes. It details the county's ongoing struggle with HUD about enforcing the original 2009 fair-housing settlement—the one that required the affordable housing to be built in the first place: From the day I took office, I made it very clear that my administration would fulfill the county's obligations under the settlement. Like it or not, the law is the law. The rule of law is what binds us together as Americans. But I also made it clear I would not allow unelected bureaucrats at HUD to create new obligations for the county that were never agreed upon in the settlement. Throughout, Astorino speaks of his commitment to affordable housing. He notes with pride the county's diversity. He delivers part of his address in Spanish. And year after year, he pledges to protect the county's exclusionary zoning against federal efforts to expand affordable housing. NIMBYism is never about race, except when it is It's hard enough to build new market-rate housing in the cities that need housing most. In Washington, D.C., the zoning commission just decreased the maximum height on “pop-up” additions and construction in the parts of the city growing most rapidly. Homeowners in D.C. say that they want to protect the character of their neighborhood and the quality of construction during this boom time. Even at the most granular level, NIMBYism can take the form of an entitled localism that sounds positive. A hyperlocal petition started by a condo-owner to keep a 7-Eleven out of a nearby storefront is a crypto-case of There Goes the Neighborhood–ism.
The arguments and policies that will win over liberal white homeowners will not mention race or class directly (the way they surfaced in McKinney, Texas). But the policies will have the effect of restricting the density that makes sense for affordable housing or the amenities favored by low-income populations. In The Wall Street Journal, Jason L. Riley, a Manhattan Institute senior fellow, writes that HUD is compelling communities such as Westchester County to “construct cheap housing units in wealthy, predominantly white neighborhoods and then actively recruit poor minorities to move in.” Expect white homeowners to zero in on the “cheap housing” aspect of this question. In the new There Goes the Neighborhood–ism, the focus will be on homeowners' zoning rights—meaning policies that keep housing elite and expensive. #Not all liberal white homeowners First of all, there won't be as many white homeowners in the future, in a manner of speaking. The Urban Institute developed a nifty interactive mapping tool that shows population projections between now and 2030 across 740 U.S. commuting zones. Even assuming only modest population growth, the white share of the population will fall everywhere as the nation grows more and more diverse.
Second, at least a few municipalities are bound to recognize that homeowners do not have their city's best interests at heart by radically restricting zoning. Seattle, for example, is rolling out a dramatic and progressive new housing policy in a bid to promote justice in housing. The panel tasked with coming up with the policy acknowledged up front that single-family zoning is the product of race- and class-oriented discrimination. That panel—and now, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray—recommends changing all of the Seattle residential area zoned for single-family housing to low-density zoning that will accommodate more and more affordable housing. Seattle's next mayoral election in 2017 ought to be a test of what liberal white homeowners there think of justice in housing—not just statutorily legal integration, but really breaking down barriers to diverse, affordable housing in wealthy neighborhoods. “At the local level, the Obama administration drove Westchester into the arms of the Republicans,” writes Kurtz. “The same thing could happen nationally, at every political level.” Of course Kurtz neglects to mention that white supremacy is inflecting these gains, but no matter. He's right. Fair housing is coming, slowly but certainly. Racism isn't going away so soon.
Many people graduate from medical residency programs ready to start rewarding careers in obstetrics and gynecology with the best intentions. They're prepared to provide patients with total reproductive health care, which includes abortions. But their idealism is soon crushed by the medical establishment's significant opposition to abortion.
It came as a surprise to Lori Freedman, Ph.D., Research Associate at Advancing New Standards in Reproductive Health (ANSIRH). As lead author of the study “Obstacles to the Integration of Abortion into Obstetrics and Gynecology Practice,” Freedman conducted in-depth interviews with 18 doctors who had planned to offer abortions after graduating from their residency programs five to 10 years earlier. Only three were in fact doing so.
Freedman and her co-authors didn't expect to find so many physicians who ran up against “significant professional barriers” when they expressed an interest in providing abortions. She expected to find “more of the focus on fear of violence and controversy, maybe some moral dilemmas” for those who weren't providing abortions, but she discovered something else:
Many assume that young physicians give up abortion practice because they are afraid of violence or ignorant of the history of illegal abortion and deaths associated with it. I don't believe that is really the problem. The physicians I spoke with were quite aware of the history and the importance of safe and compassionate abortion care for women.
The barriers are formal and informal; some are explicit before hiring and some surface after hiring. Some of the new hires are gently advised, “We're not going to be doing that.” Others receive specific warnings. One doctor in the study was threatened in an interview by the outgoing senior partner.
He leaned across the desk and said, “If I ever find out you did elective abortions any time in your professional life, you'll never practice medicine in [this state] again. Do you understand that?”
A few of the doctors who tried to moonlight as abortion providers soon found out that was also prohibited.
New physicians have little power and professional support, so their ability to change the status quo is nil. Freedman and her co-authors believe that providing training in contract negotiation and conflict management may help these doctors continue to provide abortions as they transition from residency programs to practice. Young doctors can also benefit from ongoing contact with pro-choice colleagues and community members.
Freedman hopes that the study will help improve abortion care simply by revealing the impediments faced by potential providers:
Much effort has gone to motivating individual medical students and residents to provide abortion, which is imperative. However, this study shows that individual-level motivation can only take them so far. They need support and they need information about obstacles they may face in practice before they get there, so they can choose their jobs accordingly. And I hope that the study will cause some larger organizations, private practice groups and hospitals to take a look at what kinds of barriers to abortion care they are perpetuating.”
We need to dismantle those barriers. Why should any doctor be prohibited from providing a legal medical procedure? It's not an option if it's not available.
Image above from Creative Commons; attribution 2.0 generic.
As bicycle use grows and the city's population skews younger, new bike lanes have become a subject of intense turf battles. But those cycle tracks aren't the only contested territory. Some D.C. residents are asking for new restrictions on bicycle riding on sidewalks.
“I am in favor of banning sidewalk bicycling entirely, except for children 12 and under,” says Jeanne Mallett, a Dupont Circle resident who blogs about the issue at dcpedestriandiaries.wordpress.com. “Because that's what a sidewalk is for. For people to walk.”
Mallett's position recently got a boost from Advisory Neighborhood Commission 2F, which represents the Logan Circle area. On June 5, the ANC passed a resolution that called for a study of expanding the area in which riding bicycles on the sidewalk is prohibited.
Currently, bicycle riding is banned on sidewalks in the city's central business district (CBD). That area's principal boundaries are Massachusetts Avenue on the north, Second Street NE on the east and 23rd Street NW on the west. The eastern area of the Mall is within the CBD, but the section west of 14th Street NW is not.
The ANC resolution does not propose new boundaries for an expanded no-bikes-on-sidewalks zone. But it does reiterate an already stated request that the city paint symbols on the ground at the northern border of the CBD to indicate the prohibition on sidewalk biking.
The commission also asked for a lower speed limit for bicycles on sidewalks, for increased enforcement of existing traffic laws and for study of increasing penalties for traffic violations.
“It's a baby step, but it's one more step than anyone else has done,” Mallett said.
The ANC didn't ask for an immediate expansion of the no-bikes zone, said commissioner Chris Linn, because “we wanted a city agency to take the lead in identifying what other cities are doing to manage that issue, and also get more input from the community.”
Current traffic laws are not well enforced, in part because they're ambiguous, noted Linn, chairman of the ANC's Crime and Public Safety Committee. “What we hear from the police is that there's not a lot of urgency and interest in enforcing even the existing law. One of the reasons for that is that it's pretty widely defined, in terms of what's safe and what's reckless, and what can and can't be done.”
Before any changes, Linn wants bicyclists to have their say. “There are members of the bicycling community who feel that having a regulation that is strongly prohibitive inhibits people from adopting bicycling as a means of transportation,” he said.
“We understand that there are concerns with sidewalk bicycling, but we think that sidewalk riding is normally a problem where there is not a space in the roadway that bicyclists perceive as safe,” said Shane Farthing, executive director of the Washington Area Bicyclist Association.
“I do think that where bike infrastructure exists, bicyclists are better off not riding on the sidewalks,” he added.
A longtime Washingtonian, Mallett is originally from Ohio. There, she said, “we all obey all the rules that make any sense at all.” She supports increased enforcement of existing laws, “but the biggest problem right now, beside pedestrians not following basic safety tips themselves, is the bicyclists on the sidewalk. Because that's legal!”
Major cities with blanket bans on adult bicyclists on sidewalks are hailed on Mallett's blog. Farthing counters that these are “not the cities that are doing a good job of encouraging walking and biking. I would say that many more cities don't have those sorts of bans. If you want to bike to grow, you have to create space for it to happen.”
Locally, laws governing bicyclists on sidewalks are various and often changed. In June, Alexandria lifted its ban on sidewalk biking, save for parts of pedestrian-heavy Old Town.
“It's very complicated in this area, because we have counties with towns inside that do different things,” Farthing said. “There are probably 30 different decision-making processes in the region.”
To Mallett, though, the basic issue is elementary. “You ride on the city streets. You stop at the lights. Make signals. I've known this stuff since I was 9 years old.”
A Canadian National Railway train carrying propane and crude oil derailed and caught fire on Tuesday in northwest New Brunswick, Canada, the latest in a string of train accidents that have put the surging crude-by-rail business under heavy scrutiny.
There were no reports of injuries, but about 45 nearby homes were evacuated when the train derailed near the village of Plaster Rock at about 7 p.m. local time, according to local officials.
There were unconfirmed reports of an explosion, but Sharon DeWitt, the village's emergency measures co-ordinator said she was not aware of any blast at the site.
Vancouver Sun:
"CN spokesman Jim Feeny said 16 cars derailed near the village of Plaster Rock and of those, 15 are toward the end of the train and in the area of the fire. Four are carrying propane and another four are carrying crude oil, Feeny said. It was unclear how many of the cars were burning because emergency personnel were keeping well back as a precaution, he said. "I cannot confirm if those cars are actually on fire due to the caution being expressed by the emergency responders," he said in an interview. The train's engineer and conductor, the only people on the train, were not hurt in the derailment, he said, adding that it's unclear what caused the train to leave the tracks. "We are deploying full emergency response ... from Moncton, Toronto and Montreal," Feeny said. "Their priority is to protect the safety of the people and the environment."
From CBC News:
"The Canadian Red Cross has dispatched supplies and a team of eight disaster volunteers to assist local authorities at the evacuation centre. This is a precautionary step as the area outside of Plaster Rock where the derailment occurred is sparsely populated so the number of people impacted by evacuation is small and most of them will likely choose to stay temporarily with family or friends elsewhere in the community," said Bill Lawlor, Canadian Red Cross director of disaster management for New Brunswick. "However, should any residents require a place to stay including through the night, or should circumstances change unexpectedly, our team is bringing cots, blankets and other essentials to properly manage a shelter."
↓ Story continues below ↓
The train originated in Toronto and was headed to Moncton, New Brunswick, which is about 300 km (186 miles) east of the site of the accident, according to Feeny.
A CBC investigation into rail safety revealed that Canadian National Railway did not report to authorities more than 1,800 derailments and accidents, including 44 on key rail arteries.
One of those derailments occurred in Plaster Rock, which was one of two incidents that prompted the Transportation Safety Board to seek a summons ordering CN to turn over all accident records.
This photo used by ECan to criticise extensive weed spraying was the result of broom control - something ECan had told the landowner to do.
Environment Canterbury has apologised for using misleading photos to suggest some North Canterbury farmers were causing environmental damage to their properties.
The photos used by ECan as examples of biodiversity loss showed activities that had in fact been directed by ECan.
Another photo wrongly identified wetland damage on a farm which had won an award for its environmental efforts.
SUPPLIED This photo criticising clearance of shrubland for a pine forest showed the result of an afforestation agreement with ECan.
ECan used a series of photos while giving expert evidence to a hearings panel deciding on the Hurunui District Plan last month.
Some had been taken by ECan staff and some had been supplied.
Its evidence sought to give an overview of biodiversity – both loss and enhancement – in the district, with photos as examples.
SUPPLIED This photo supposedly showing a disappearing wetland was taken on a public open day celebrating the farm's environmental award.
The Hurunui SNA (significant natural areas) group, which has long opposed the regional council, tracked down the owners of the properties.
They found that two of the photos showed scrub clearance which had been approved by ECan.
Another showed a brief leakage from an irrigation pipe which had been quickly fixed, and another wrongly claimed to show a degraded wetland on a property which had won an environmental award for its protective work.
The photo had been taken on a public open day celebrating the farm's award.
ECan withdrew the photos from its evidence and apologised.
Hurunui SNA chairwoman Fran Perriam said it was a "desperate, underhand tactic" and showed why landowners could no longer trust the regional council to treat them fairly.
"It's nothing to do with environmental protection or any of those things, this really is an issue about control and about councils over-stepping the mark," she said.
"These photographs are an example of why we can't trust the system."
Her group had encouraged landowners not to allow council staff to survey their properties, as the information gathered was often used against them.
There was no recognition of the work landowners had done to encourage biodiversity, she said.
"We're just tired of it. We're tired of the misrepresentation of what is actually happening, and this is just such a blatant example of it.
"It's not just an apology that's needed, it's a change of attitude."
The expert witness had spoken to each farmer involved and personally apologised. ECan had also apologised to the hearings panel.
"The photos we used weren't good examples, and we apologise for that," said regional planning manager Brett Aldridge.
He said the evidence was presented in support of the plan and the photos were intended to give a broad overview of biodiversity.
There was no suggestion the owners of land in the photos were breaking the rules, he said.
"We acknowledge we could have done better, and we've done a system review and there are some additional steps we're going to put into that system to make sure it doesn't happen again.
"It's about making sure the examples we're using are appropriate and the pitch and tone is right."​
Romania's Jan-Aug tourist numbers rise 11.2% y/y - table
BUCHAREST (Romania), October 2 (SeeNews) - The number of tourists staying in Romania in the first eight months of 2017 rose 11.2% on the year to more than 8.3 million, the country's statistical board, INS, said on Monday.
Tourists spent 18.7 million overnights in Romania in January-August, up 6.3% year-on-year, INS said in a statement.
In August alone, the number of tourists staying in Romania grew 7.8% on the year to 1.69 million, while overnights increased 3.8% to over 4.53 million.
Romania tourist numbers and overnights:
Jan-Aug'17 y/y change Aug'17 y/y change Total tourists 8,301,800 11.2 1,693,900 7.8 -foreign tourists 1,863,900 12.3 337,800 15.1 Total overnights 18,788,000 6.3 4,537,000 3.8 -foreign tourists 3,578,300 9.2 668,500 12.4
Source: INS
In 2016, the total number of tourists staying in Romania rose 10.4% on the year to more than 10.9 million.
Jan. 3: When the Loeb Classical Library was founded in 1911, it was hailed as a much-needed effort to make the glories of the Greek and Roman classics available to general readers.
Virginia Woolf praised the series, which featured reader-friendly English translations and the original text on facing pages, as "a gift of freedom." Over time, the pocket-size books, now totalling 522 volumes and counting, became both scholarly mainstays and design-geek fetish objects.
Now, Harvard University Press, the publisher of the Loebs, wants to do the same for the far more vast and dizzyingly diverse classical literature of India, in what some are calling one of the most complex scholarly publishing projects ever undertaken.
The Murty Classical Library of India, whose first five dual-language volumes will be released next week, will include not only Sanskrit texts but also works in Bengali, Hindi, Kannada, Marathi, Persian, Prakrit, Tamil, Telugu, Urdu and other languages. Projected to reach some 500 books over the next century, the series is to encompass poetry and prose, history and philosophy, Buddhist and Muslim texts as well as Hindu ones, and familiar works alongside those that have been all but unavailable to non-specialists.
The Murty will offer "something the world had never seen before, and something that India had never seen before: a series of reliable, accessible, accurate and beautiful books that really open up India's pre-colonial past," said Sheldon Pollock, a professor of South Asian studies at Columbia University and the library's general editor.
That literary heritage can seem daunting in size. While the canon of surviving Greek and Roman classics is fairly small, the literature of India's multiple classical languages includes thousands upon thousands of texts, many of which, as the writer William Dalrymple recently noted, exist only in manuscripts that are decaying before they can be translated or even catalogued.
The Murty Library, Pollock said, aims to take in the broadest swathe of them. "We are a big tent," he said. "As long as it's good and interesting and important, it's going to be in the Murty Classical Library."
The editions, which come wrapped in elegant rose-coloured covers, are intended, like the Loebs, "to be around for 100 years," Pollock said.
But to some scholars, the project also comes as a timely if implicit rebuke to hardliners associated with the ruling BJP or outfits allied to it, with their promotion of a unitary Indian identity based on selected Sanskrit religious classics.
The series "debunks the myth of a Hindu orthodoxy as being the only classicism we have," said Arshia Sattar, an independent scholar and translator in Bangalore. "In a strange way, the editors are creating a new canon."
The library, which will be celebrated late this month at the Jaipur Literary Festival, arrives at a fraught moment in India's long-running battles over language and national identity.
Last month, foreign minister Sushma Swaraj declared that the Bhagvad Gita should be designated a "national scripture". In November, efforts to make the teaching of Sanskrit essentially mandatory in CBSE schools prompted an outcry.
"Classical" status has meanwhile been granted to other languages, including Tamil, Kannada, Telugu and Malayalam, even as once-vibrant Indian scholarship in the older literature of those languages has withered away.
When it gained independence in 1947, India had a pioneering generation of homegrown classicists of the first rank.
But today, scholars say, its universities produce and retain few classical scholars with the interpretive skills required by a project like the Murty, which has drawn its entire advisory board and most of its translators, South Asian and western alike, from American and European institutions.
"Everyone here will praise this library and talk about the glorious civilisation it represents," said Arvind Krishna Mehrotra, a poet and translator now retired from the University of Allahabad who was not involved with the project.
"But then Indians will wake up and realise they've done very little to preserve or translate their own texts."
The Murty Library fills a scholarly void. The last comparable project, the Clay Sanskrit Library, a series inaugurated by New York University Press in 2005, closed shop prematurely after four years and 56 volumes when its benefactor, the financier John Clay, ended his support. (Clay died in 2013.)
After the Clay Library's demise, Pollock, who had taken over as its general editor, reconceived the project to extend far beyond Sanskrit.
He shopped around in India for a new benefactor, to no avail. He then brought the idea to Sharmila Sen, executive editor at large at Harvard University Press, who connected him with Rohan Murty, the son of the Infosys founder N.R. Narayana Murthy. (The two men spell their surnames differently.)
The younger Murty, at the time a 26-year-old doctoral student in computer science at Harvard, put up $5.2 million to endow the new library, which will eventually be digitised, in perpetuity.
"He really understood the need for it," Sen, who acquired the series, said. "We were both educated in the same kind of India, where we knew way more about Shakespeare and Wordsworth than about the classical texts of our own region."
Some works in the first release will be familiar to many Indians even if they have never read them. Sur's Ocean, a 1,000-page anthology of more than 400 poems attributed to the 16th-century Hindi poet Surdas (edited by Kenneth E. Bryant and translated by John Stratton Hawley), includes verses that have deeply penetrated popular oral tradition.
Others are appearing in full translation for the first time. The Story of Manu, a 16th-century south Indian epic poem about the first human being (translated from Telugu by Velcheru Narayana Rao and David Shulman), has never before been translated into another language, Pollock said. (Like most of the original-language text in the series, the Telugu script is printed in a custom-designed font.)
The inaugural volumes include two works from the Muslim tradition with broad contemporary resonances.
The ecstatic Sufi lyrics of the 18th-century Punjabi poet Bullhe Shah, translated by Christopher Shackle, have been sung by Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and featured in Bollywood movies.
The first of multiple projected volumes of Abu'l-Fazl's History of Akbar, translated from Persian by Wheeler M. Thackston, chronicles the early life of a Mughal emperor celebrated today as a unifier who promoted religious pluralism.
The initial Murty release also includes the Therigatha, an anthology of verses by and about the earliest ordained Buddhist women, first written down in Sri Lanka more than 2,000 years ago and considered some of the world's oldest surviving women's poetry.
Those verses, which capture the women's relief at being free of constricting roles as wives and mothers, have been embraced by modern Buddhists seeking a vision of Buddhism as concerned with the oppressed, the translator, Charles Hallisey, said.
But they have yet to claim their rightful place in the broader canon of world literature, in part because of the stiffness of previous translations from Pali, a dead language, he said.
"These verses are so vivid," Hallisey said. "The challenge was to translate them as poetry, rather than as something more conventionally Buddhist."
The spare poems of the Therigatha, with their longing for transcendence and their glimpses of ordinary life, may travel easily across the millenniums. But to Pollock, what makes a work a classic is not its familiarity and universality but its utter, irreducible strangeness.
The goal of the Murty "is to ensure that everyone can hear these strange voices - not just scholars in their studies, but kids standing at railway kiosks," he said. "Now, those kids will be able to pull a book down off the shelf and hear these voices, too."
New York Times News Service
A Dublin actor's condition was described as comfortable Friday after he suffered a shallow chest wound during what was supposed to be a fake stage fight.
Michael McElhatton, injured while performing in the first preview of "Twenty Grand" at the Peacock Theatre on Thursday evening, will be taking a few days off to recuperate, spokeswoman Lucy McKeever said. He was hospitalized overnight."I can't really remember another case like this when we had life imitating art, as it were," McKeever said.
McElhatton was cut with a knife brought on stage to pierce a bag of fake blood - a common prop used to make mock fights more realistic.
The mishap apparently went unnoticed by the theater audience. "He even took his curtain call," said McKeever. "I suppose the show must go on."
Mango Pineapple Mojito, Featuring McDonald's Mango Pineapple Smoothie Base; Old Fashioned with Applewood Smoked Bacon,
Featuring McDonald's Applewood Smoked Bacon, Maraschino Cherry (via)
As soon as they settled in for their mysterious "McGourmet" dinner eleven stories up in the Tribeca skyline, the guests began to laugh. "Clear your minds as to what you might be expecting," McDonald's Senior VP for Menu Innovation announced over the giggles, as if giving a TED Talk on Sanguinity. Unfortunately, clearing your mind can be easier than cleansing your palate.
But first: Why?
Do the investors, advertisers, food media, and McDonald's faithful care whether a battery of Food Network chefs can bend and twist loud, cheap flavors into subtle mouthfuls of sublimity? (They can't.)
Why pretend that we want anything other than instant gratification from our fried flesh and sugar specialists? (The numbers say we don't.)
Why keep staging this charade? Why not serve us a proper steak and a promise and let us leave wondering if McDonald's can deliver slightly more wholesome food in a slightly less evil manner but certain that the meal we just consumed was actually good? That delicious memory will subsume our doubt and will save a lot of time and money. 1.5 billion toys can't be wrong: McDonald's is built on good memories!
At the event there were a bunch of black and white photos of hamburgers (Gothamist)
So why? Well, Chef Dan Coudreaut, McDonald's Executive Chef and VP for Culinary Innovation likes to ask, "Why not?"
He also likes to say, "I work with the most powerful restaurant in America."
So the most powerful restaurant in America set us four forks, poured us white wine, and served us chicken nuggets.
Kung Pao Chicken, Featuring McDonald's Chicken McNuggets®, Sweet and Sour Sauce, Rice Wine Vinegar, Peanuts, Iceberg Lettuce, Cilantro (Gothamist)
Chef Dan introduced Chef Dale Talde, the brains behind the first dish of the evening. Talde, who is known for his innocuously zany dishes at his eponymous Brooklyn restaurant, somewhat sheepishly explained that he didn't often eat at McDonald's as a child. "We had it if we were good," he said.
As the plates were passed out, Chef Dan announced that "the chicken nuggets are a little different from what you'd see if you visited one of our stores," presumably commenting on their higher quality. Still, these were chicken nuggets soaked in a cloying, spicy sauce, next to a tuft of iceberg lettuce and some orange slices. The lettuce reminded me of money, which made me wonder how much these chefs were getting paid.
Tortilla Española with Garlic and Saffron Aioli, Featuring McDonald's Hashbrowns, Eggs, Onions; Apple and Cucumber Chipotle Salad, Featuring McDonald's Apple Slices, Cucumbers, Red Onions, Chili Lime Tortilla Strips, Fresh Limes, Spring Mix, Chipotle BBQ and Honey Mustard Sauces (Gothamist)
Then we met Chef James Tahhan, who was asked how he chose his ingredients. "I used fresh ingredients because as soon as I saw them, I knew they were gonna go into the salad." Fair enough. Chef Tahhan's recipe for greatness? "It's all about making the little details shine, to make perfection."
This tasted like frigid Frankenquiche (With RealSaphrron™). Chef was right about the salad and the broken bits of Chili LimeTortilla Strips strewn therein. They tasted pretty fresh.
BOLD BBQ Chicken, Featuring McDonald's Crispy Chicken, Hashbrowns, Chipotle BBQ Sauce, Espresso, Cheddar Jack Cheese, Onions, Eggs, Applewood Smoked BaconSalad includes Cucumbers, Red Onions, Tomato, Fresh Lime, Cilantro Lime Glaze, Grill Seasoning (screenshot)
Chef Aaron McCargo, Jr.'s unholy amalgamation of fried chicken, hashbrowns, cheddar jack cheese, chipotle BBQ, espresso (!), onion, eggs, and bacon was the evening's clear winner. Chef McCargo described it as "breakfast or lunch or dinner," and this accurately captures the dish's irrepressible, devil-may-care, fast food spirit.
("Fuck it!" a man in a collared shirt yelps as he furiously draws on a whiteboard in a windowless room in Illinois. "We'll give 'em chipotle sauce WITH their fucking fried egg, fuck it!")
It tasted appropriately rich. It tasted good. It might give us cramps later but those cramps sometimes come with being a consenting adult and eating fast food. The side salad wasn't bad either.
The final two courses were courtesy Chef Jessica Foust, a registered dietitian who is McDonald's Nutrition and Culinary Director. I made a joke about Dr. Faustus and no one at my table laughed.
Before Chef Foust appeared, Chef Dan told the audience about his belief that "there aren't any forbidden foods." He said that the key to food, any food, was "moderation." I recognized this line instantly: My mom is a dietitian, and she used it all the time.
Still, that line works a lot better if you're pouring your kids skim milk and tricking them into eating primitive veggie burgers than it does when you're at the helm of a kitchen feeding 27 million people every day in a country where more than one-third of the population is obese.
The line works best as a promise of a reward after a spate of broccoli-tinged discipline, rather than the thing you say before committing deep-fried atrocities. It's an affirmation, not an excuse.
Slow-Cooked Beef with Blueberry Pomegranate Sauce and Mac Fry Gnocchi, Featuring McDonald's French Fries, Eggs, Blueberry Pomegranate Smoothie Base, Carrots and the 100% beef ground for our hamburger patties (Gothamist)
We then ate the sole beef course of the evening, which included a sauce made from McDonald's Blueberry Pomegranate Smoothie Base and gnocchi made from french fries. We were told that the beef was identical to the chuck ground for the hamburgers. I couldn't finish that one.
Pumpkin Spice Biznut (Biscuit-Donut), Featuring McDonald's Biscuit Mix, Pumpkin Spice Latte Syrup, Praline Topping (Gothamist)
Dessert was a Pumpkin Spice "Biznut." As I struggled to cut my surprisingly stubborn Biznut, I made a joke about a recent report on calamari. No one at my table laughed. "We were inspired by the cronut," Chef Foust explained. I would have killed for an apple pie.
Image: Magic Leap
Advertisement
Unless you completely missed the tech news last month, you know that a stealthy Florida-based startup, Magic Leap, got a $542 million infusion of capital—much of it from Silicon Valley investors, led by Google.
Magic Leap also appears to have been collecting Silicon Valley engineers, and appears likely to continue doing so.
Magic Leap was founded by biomedical engineer Rony Abovitz. The quirky Abovitz makes for good press: according to New York Magazine he's dabbled in cartooning, plays in an indie-rock band, accidentally got a CNN executive fired, and blogs like “a college philosophy major who hit the bong a little too hard.” But he's also got a serious track record: he sold a previous startup, Mako Surgical, for $1.65 billion. (Mako produces a robotic arm for use in orthopedic surgeries, along with a line of orthopedic implants.)
Magic Leap first started hitting the press back in July, when John Markoff wrote about the company in the New York Times. According to Markoff's article, the cool thing about the company's “cinematic reality” technology (Abovitz eschews words like augmented reality or virtual reality) is its potential to eliminate the motion sickness (a.k.a. simulator sickness), headaches, and fatigue suffered by a significant subset of people—like me—when using today's virtual reality technology. Markoff explained that Magic Leap intends to use digital light field technology to provide better depth information than today's stereoscopic 3-D. That's the approach to collecting visual data used in Lytro's digital cameras; projection versions have been demonstrated by Nvidia and the MIT Media Lab. It considers the individual rays of light bouncing off an object (or generated by a virtual object), measuring the intensity and direction of each, not simply just recording the final image they produce.
When Magic Leap's big funding announcement was made in October, however, the buzz was not about eliminating motion sickness in virtual reality, but about something a lot broader and nondescript. The company, Abovitz said at the time, is working on “what we believe will be the most natural and human-friendly wearable computing interface in the world,”—something he predicted would be a “new way for humans to interact with computers.” Officially, the approach is “dynamic digitized light field technology,” and the best anyone can figure out is that it will involve some kind of projector beaming images into your eye.
People who have seen the technology are reportedly blown away.
Legendary Pictures CEO Thomas Tull said, “I spent half a day immersed in [their technology], I just couldn't get the smile off my face.”
Weta Workshop co-founder Richard Taylor, now a member of Magic Leap's board reported, “It is like a rocket ship for the mind."
Whether it's this mind-blowing appeal of the technology, or the over-$1-billion valuation of the pre-IPO venture, the company is drawing techies like W.C. Fields' clever cat who ”eats cheese and breathes down ratholes with baited breath”
In recent months, Magic Leap has hired people who you might not think would be easy to lure away from their current jobs—like Michael Kass, who until a couple of months ago was a senior scientist at Pixar, and had been there for 18 years.
In addition to Kass, a sampling of what seems to be dozens of other recent Bay Area hires has been assembled from social media sleuthing; the company is being very stealthy about its team and other details. The list includes, in no particular order:
• Jean-Yves Bouguet, a member of Google's founding Streetview team
• Graeme Devine, founder of Santa Cruz's GRL Games
• Gary Bradski, who helped do the vision system on Stanley, Stanford's grand-challenge winning autonomous vehicle, and worked at Willow Garage
• Jeremy Leibs, another Willow Garage alum
• Michael Woods, founder of Mountain View toy company E&M Labs
• Gholamreza Amayeh, from image sensor pioneer Foveon
Magic Leap has also picked up folks from Apple, Tessera, Intel, and Amazon's Sunnyvale research lab. And this is just the beginning of its hiring spree. Magic Leap is looking for engineers with experience in, according to a posting on Bouguet's LinkedIn page: “3D pose estimation, Visual SLAM, IMU processing, Sensor fusion, Sensor Calibration (camera, IMU,...), 3D modeling, 2D and 3D tracking, Mapping, GIS, Pattern matching, 3D graphics, Machine learning, Human machine interface, Eye tracking and gaze tracking, Gesture recognition, Real time systems, Mobile application development, 3D game design, Unity game engine, Robotics, Cloud computing, FPGA designer, Embedded programming.”
(If you think any of these describe you, Bouguet's LinkedIn page suggests you contact him directly. Or you can check out the company's long list—some 70—job openings here.)
Magic Leap founder Abovitz has said that he has no intentions of moving the business from South Florida to Silicon Valley. But while a few of these recent hires have indeed relocated, it's hard to believe that the bulk of them will. Which perhaps is why Magic Leap has also hired a few experienced Bay Area human resources professionals (It's hard to believe he couldn't find qualified HR people in Florida). Could a Magic Leap Silicon Valley Research Center be in the works? If so, there's a really nice building in Mountain View, recently abandoned by Microsoft, that's just about the right size.
You can contact the author on Twitter
or by email at
Since the UN report into the August 21st sarin attack confirmed the use of a previously unknown munition in the attack, which I had previously named the UMLACA (more details here ), there's been a lot of debate about whether or not the Syrian army has such a munition. There's been multiple videos of the munitions posted online by the Syrian opposition, and they've been consistently described as being fired by Syrian government forces. From those videos, I've been able to identify at least two types of these munitions, one type linked to the August 21st sarin attack and past alleged chemical attacks, and a second, high explosive, type.The following video from Daraya, Damascus, published on Decemeber 29th 2012, was highlighted by @hesbol on a blog post attempting to discern the range of the UMLACA. It shows what seems to be a high explosive version of the UMLACA being launched and detonatingAs the camera tracks the flight of the UMLACA it's very distinct outline can be clearly seenIn the video it's claimed that the munitions are fired from Mezzeh airbase, and it's actually possible to confirm they are coming from the direction of Mezzeh airbase. At the start of the video we see the launch, and the outline of the hills behind it.Using Google Earth we can position the virtual camera facing north from Daraya, looking towards Mezzeh airbase, and it's clear the topography matches what we see in the videoThe structure at the top of the hill is the HQ of Maher al-Assad's 4th division, which can be seen here on Wikimapia . A report from the Institute for the Study of War examining the situation in Damascus in December 2012, shows that the area north of Daraya, including Mezzeh airbase, and the 4th division terrain to the north, were under the control of the Syrian army, and it seems, from what we can see in the above video, that the UMLACA was fired by Syrian government forces. This not only shows the Syrian army have been using the munitions, but they've been using them since December 2012.More posted on the subject of the August 21st attacks can be found here , and other posts on chemical weapons and Syria, including extremely informative interviews with chemical weapon specialists, can be found here
The internet is full of scams, hoaxes, and different ways for people to be fooled out of their money and information, and scammers are willing to use anything to get what they want. Being able to win a trip to Walt Disney World or Disneyland or on a Disney Cruise Line ship would be the ultimate prize, but they aren't given out as readily as some people think. A number of pages on Facebook are using the “free Disney trip” method to trick people, and unfortunately, it is working.
When looking at Facebook, there are many things shared by different people without so much as a slight thought as to whether they are true or not. Many are legitimate stories and have sources with backing, but there are those with no validity at all.
Such is the case with a number of scam Facebook pages devoted to all things Disney. Numerous pages for one of the top vacation destinations in the world are already online with more popping up every single day, and all they do is prey on people who are simply hoping to take their families on a great trip.
[Image by Danny Cox]
One of the newest Facebook scams going around is from a Facebook page that is claiming to be the official site for Disney Cruise Line. On the page, there is a copyrighted image of a DCL ship with a message supposedly from the company letting people know what they'll win if they like and share the photo.
“We at ~Disney Cruise~ would like to Celebrate the New Year with our loving fans! So We decided to giveaway Vacation Packages to any of our cruise locations. Which will include all expenses paid for 7 days (ROOM – SUITE & $4,000 SPENDING MONEY) for you and 3 of your friends.”
If you've seen that message on numerous Facebook pages, you aren't mistaken. There are many of these scam pages with the same messages and linking you to different sites that can install viruses, malware, and even get your personal information.
There is another one stating that they're giving away free trips if they share the video on the page. It is a legit Disney Cruise Line video from the official site, but it was stolen for this scam page.
Many of these pages use the same cover photos, profile pictures, and videos that the official Facebook page for Disney Cruise Line uses. Unfortunately, many of the scam pages use the same practices for other destinations from the “House of Mouse” such as Walt Disney World.
[Image by Danny Cox]
One of the biggest signs that these Facebook pages are scams and not the real things are the way they are titled. Make sure to look at the official pages for Walt Disney World and Disneyland to see how their titles are written. Many times on the scam pages, you'll see:
Waltdisney World – There is a space between “Walt” and “Disney.”
Disney Cruise Lines – There is no “s” on the official company's name.
Disney land – There is no space in the name at all.
Disney Cruise Line., Walt Disney World., Disneyland. – If there is punctuation at the end of the page name, it isn't the official one.
There are certain things you need to look for when seeing these contests come across your Facebook newsfeed, and they will help you determine if it is legitimate or not.
Again, check the title of the page and see if it is the actual name of the company.
Look for the verified blue check mark as all official Disney social media sites have them. The verified gray check mark is not always a clear indicator that it is actually Disney.
Search for contest rules and read the small/fine print.
Check out the date the page was founded on and see if it has been a while. If the page was created within the last few days or months, it is a fake.
Look at the URL of the page and see if there are misspellings, errors, punctuation, or just numbers.
These scams are nothing new, but there are always new ones out there. Consumer Affairs has been reporting on them for years, but they just aren't stopping.
Facebook is absolutely jam-packed with fake news, false stories, and misleading headlines and articles, but the scams may be the worst. People are so trusting at times and many of them don't believe that anything with Disney could be bad or wrong, but not everyone can be trusted. If you see a post on Facebook that is offering a free Disney Cruise Line sailing or trip to Walt Disney World, it may be legitimate, but do your checking before entering or sharing.
[Featured Image by Danny Cox]
Canadian researchers discover fossils of first feathered dinosaurs from North America
Related images
(click to enlarge)
The ostrich-like dinosaurs in the original Jurassic Park movie were portrayed as a herd of scaly, fleet-footed animals being chased by a ferocious Tyrannosaurus rex. New research published in the journal Science reveals this depiction of these bird-mimic dinosaurs is not entirely accurate -- the ornithomimids, as they are scientifically known, should have had feathers and wings. The new study, led by paleontologists Darla Zelenitsky from the University of Calgary and François Therrien from the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology, describes the first ornithomimid specimens preserved with feathers, recovered from 75 million-year-old rocks in the badlands of Alberta, Canada.
"This is a really exciting discovery as it represents the first feathered dinosaur specimens found in the Western Hemisphere," says Zelenitsky, assistant professor at the University of Calgary and lead author of the study. "Furthermore, despite the many ornithomimid skeletons known, these specimens are also the first to reveal that ornithomimids were covered in feathers, like several other groups of theropod dinosaurs."
The researchers found evidence of feathers preserved with a juvenile and two adults skeletons of Ornithomimus, a dinosaur that belongs to the group known as ornithomimids. This discovery suggests that all ornithomimid dinosaurs would have had feathers.
The specimens reveal an interesting pattern of change in feathery plumage during the life of Ornithomimus. "This dinosaur was covered in down-like feathers throughout life, but only older individuals developed larger feathers on the arms, forming wing-like structures," says Zelenitsky. "This pattern differs from that seen in birds, where the wings generally develop very young, soon after hatching."
This discovery of early wings in dinosaurs too big to fly indicates the initial use of these structures was not for flight.
"The fact that wing-like forelimbs developed in more mature individuals suggests they were used only later in life, perhaps associated with reproductive behaviors like display or egg brooding," says Therrien, curator at the Royal Tyrrell Museum and co-author of the study.
Until now feathered dinosaur skeletons had been recovered almost exclusively from fine-grained rocks in China and Germany. "It was previously thought that feathered dinosaurs could only fossilize in muddy sediment deposited in quiet waters, such as the bottom of lakes and lagoons," says Therrien. "But the discovery of these ornithomimids in sandstone shows that feathered dinosaurs can also be preserved in rocks deposited by ancient flowing rivers."
Because sandstone is the type of rock that most commonly preserves dinosaur skeletons, the Canadian discoveries reveal great new potential for the recovery of feathered dinosaurs worldwide.
The fossils will be on display this fall at the Royal Tyrrell Museum in Drumheller, Alberta.
Appeal judges uphold ruling against two royals as their lawyers seek to impose reporting restrictions on business dispute
Two senior Saudi princes have failed to extract themselves from English justice after the court of appeal upheld a ruling that they are not entitled to sovereign immunity in a case involving their London-based business interests.
Lawyers for the princes were informed that they had lost their claim at the start of a two-day hearing on Wednesday into a related attempt to impose reporting restrictions on the sensitive commercial dispute.
The Guardian and Financial Times have requested documents detailing disputed transactions involving Saudi interests in Beirut and Nairobi. The case involves a London registered company, FI Call Ltd.
The Saudi royals are Prince Mishal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, a former defence minister who is the brother of King Abdullah and chairman of the country's influential allegiance council, and his son Prince Abdulaziz bin Mishal bin Al Saud. They and Global Torch Ltd, the British Virgin Island company they are said to control, are in dispute with a Jordanian businessman, Faisal Almhairat, and his Seychelles-based firm Apex Global Management.
The three appeal court judges, Lord Justice Kay, Lord Justice Richards and Lord Justice Briggs, are due to give the reasons for their sovereign immunity decision in due course.
Lawyers for the Saudis are relying on the Human Rights Act to obtain an interim ban on the reporting of court documents related to the case. Mark Warby QC, for the princes and Global Torch, said the principle of open justice "was not a trump card" that automatically removed all the other "fundamental rights" of claimants in a court case.
He said the allegations against the princes were very grave and were an attack on their reputations and their rights to a private and family life under article 8 of the European convention on human rights.
Warby said he was seeking an interim ban on the release of sealed court documents until the trial was heard in full. Some of the claims in the petitions, he alleged, amounted to an "arguable case" of extortion.
"It's obvious that allegations of this gravity are going to have an effect – in the old language of libel, they [the Saudis] are going to be shunned and avoided."
But Guy Vassall-Adams, counsel for the Guardian and Financial Times, told the appeal court: "Global Torch has chosen to bring proceedings in this jurisdiction. This is an open justice jurisdiction.
"They [the Saudis] have to accept that these damaging allegations will be heard in open court in the usual way. The protection they are entitled to is a judgment delivered in public which will refute unfounded allegations.
"That's how a legal system works in a democracy under the rule of law."
He said parliament had sanctioned fair and accurate reporting of defamatory allegations that arise in court proceedings. "People understand that allegations are not proven matters."
Vassall-Adams said allegations of blackmail or extortion were being used as "a crutch … to support the [Saudis'] application for a private hearing".
"Private hearings are not necessary to do justice in this case," he said. "It's very clear the courts are extremely reluctant to allow article 8 rights to prevail over the principle of open justice."
Robert Howe QC, for Almhairat and Apex, said the Saudis' application was "an illegitimate and ill-judged" attempt to amend the principle of open justice through arguments used in privacy and defamation cases.
"This is against a backdrop of a flood of attempts by wealthy litigants to try and close the court doors" by applying for privacy for their claims. Merely stating that there was an "arguable case" that allegations were false was not sufficient to order what was in effect a privacy hearing, Howe said.
Public faith in the administration of justice has already been damaged because normal reporting of the case has already been prevented, he said. No request has been served on the court to strike out the evidence.
"The matter of the allegations do raise important issues of widespread public interest," Howe said. "My client has had the misfortune to become embroiled in a very difficult dispute with some very rich individuals … It's a basic constitutional position that [such a hearing] should be held in public."
The case continues.
In his “Missing411” series of books, author David Paulides claims that people are going missing from U.S. national parks under unusual circumstances and the National Park Service is obstructing attempts to investigate. What are the facts?
People are going missing from America's national parks under mysterious circumstances, and the National Park Service is obstructing attempts to investigate these events. At least that's the claim made by author David Paulides in his Missing411” series of books.
Paulides has classified over 1,440 missing persons cases under the Missing411 label. At its core, Missing411 is the vague claim that something unusual is occurring related to deaths and disappearances in national parks. The concept has been steeped in the milieu of conspiracy and the supernatural, as Paulides frequently appears on paranormal-oriented radio shows and podcasts to discuss it. A forthcoming documentary appears to be in the works as well. (I have been unable to ascertain the meaning of 411. I can only speculate that it's a slang synonym for “information,” although “MissingInfo” isn't much better of a moniker.)
Interestingly, Paulides has consistently avoided providing any explanation for the cause of these supposedly mysterious disappearances. He's joined the ranks of those who are “just asking questions.” One might assume Paulides, founder of the “North American Bigfoot Search” and author of the book Tribal Bigfoot, would arrive at a cryptozoological explanation. While this hasn't happened yet, it may, as Missing411 appears to be an evolving mythology.
When pressed for a causal explanation, Paulides has remained evasive. He sees his role as an investigator pointing to a problem, not a cause. Alien abduction, ghost involvement, faerie kidnappers, and transdimensional chupacabra can all be swapped in and out as possible explanations for this apparent mystery. The topic seems to be constructed with intentional ambiguity, promoting any nonscientific idea to fill in as a possible explanation.
Tell the USDA to Ban the Import of All Chicken Products from China
by: Care2.com
recipient: Dr. Craig Morris, U.S. Department of Agriculture
The next time you purchase chicken in the grocery store marked "Product of the USA," you might actually be purchasing chicken cooked and processed in China. Confusing? That's exactly how the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) wants it to be.
Chickens imported from China are banned, but the USDA has found a huge legal loophole to allow meat manufacturers to still take advantage of the cheap labor and lax food safety regulations there. Chickens raised and slaughtered in the US but cooked and processed in China can still be labeled as a "Product of the USA."
Chinese meat production does not have to meet US food safety standards, and historically Chinese processing facilities have been notorious for cross contamination and mixing hazardous and toxic substances into food products. There will be no way for American consumers to tell whether or not the meat prepared in China was safe or whether any additives were used. This is serious cause for alarm.
You deserve to know if your chicken took a detour in China. Tell the USDA to ban imported chicken products from China.
read petition letter ▾
I am writing to urge you to ban all imported chicken products from China, even if the chickens originate from the US.
You recently allowed four meat processing plants in China to process poultry made with chickens raised and slaughtered in the US. The product label will say "Product of the USA," which is very misleading. Unless you're willing to label it "Made in China," consumers won't have any way of knowing where their chicken was actually processed.
Just this past year, China's bird flu outbreaks caused human illnesses and deaths. In the past, inspections of meat processing plants in China revealed unsafe and unsanitary conditions that were not up to US safety standards.
[Your comments here]
Please do not let imported chicken products from China reach our households.
Sincerely,
[Your name here] Dear Dr. Morris,I am writing to urge you to ban all imported chicken products from China, even if the chickens originate from the US.You recently allowed four meat processing plants in China to process poultry made with chickens raised and slaughtered in the US. The product label will say "Product of the USA," which is very misleading. Unless you're willing to label it "Made in China," consumers won't have any way of knowing where their chicken was actually processed.Just this past year, China's bird flu outbreaks caused human illnesses and deaths. In the past, inspections of meat processing plants in China revealed unsafe and unsanitary conditions that were not up to US safety standards.[Your comments here]Please do not let imported chicken products from China reach our households.Sincerely,[Your name here]
Elvis Presley with Claudia Ivy and BB King
“Elvis, was a hero to most, but he never meant shit to me, you see, straight out racist that sucker was, simple and plain, motherf**k him and John Wayne…”
-Chuck D of Public Enemy, “Fight The Power”
I've written before about my near-lifelong admiration of Elvis Presley. As a Black man, I have occasionally been questioned by other Black people about this admiration, based on the belief some Blacks have that Elvis was “racist”, and that his music career was based on his “stealing” from Black musicians, and therefor being credited (by White music critics and historians) as the “King of Rock N Roll” over more-deserving Black musicians. There is also a quote that was long-attributed to Elvis, which some continue to believe that he said:
“The only thing Negroes can do for me is shine my shoes and buy my records”.
Sometimes he's quoted as having said “Coloreds” or “Blacks” or even “niggers”, but the general point of the line remains the same, to show that Elvis had a low opinion of Black people.
This was brought up in the comments of my post ELVIS (THE MINISERIES) by Chocolate Matters (who, like me, is also a Black man), who had previously discussed it on his own blog in this post ELVIS AND THAT RUMOR…
Well, as I said, I'd heard of the quote many years ago, and having read multiple books about Elvis, watched films and documentaries about him, and read and seen many interviews with people who knew him, I do not believe that Elvis ever said anything remotely like that. There is zero credible evidence that Elvis harbored those types of feelings and, to the contrary, he always was friendly and comfortable around Black people and treated them just like anybody else. In fact, his earliest fans were Black kids who liked his music (which “sounded Black”), and he would appear before and perform in front of predominantly Black audiences, alongside Black singers.
Elvis, backstage at a concert sponsored by WDIA, the first Black-owned radio station in Memphis, 1956
Elvis with Billy Ward
He counted many Black celebrities of his time as friends.
Elvis and Fats Domino
Elvis and Sammy Davis Jr.
Elvis and Jackie Wilson
Including, later in his life, striking up a friendship with Muhammad Ali, even giving him a gift of a special robe Elvis had made for him, that said “People's Champ” on the back.
So there's Elvis, the good ol' Boy who, when he was drafted, went into the Army and served proudly, with Muhammad Ali who famously dodged the draft and refused to fight, which made him hated for many years by a large segment of the American population. But Elvis didn't care about that, he just admred Muhammad's style and showmanship. Both of them were rather flamboyant when it came to performing, so that's what they had in common.
Throughout Elvis' life, from childhood to adulthood, Elvis always referred to anyone older than him, including Black folks, as “Sir” or “Ma'am”. There's also the famous story retold by many of his acquaintances of one time when he was at a car dealership with his friends, and happened to see a random older Black woman walking by, just looking at the cars, and Elvis ran up to her and bought her a Cadillac on the spot, just for the heck of it. Because that's the kind of thing Elvis did (which also explains why, at the time of death, his estate was almost broke, and heavily in debt….).
As for stealing the Black man's music. Let's be clear, Elvis was a real genuine fan of what was considered “Black” music at the time. Blues, and early Rock N Roll. That was the music he grew up listening to. Ike Turner, who composed Rocket 88, which many music historians consider to be the first official “Rock n Roll” song, told the story of how he knew Elvis when Elvis was a young boy, because Elvis used to sneak into a Blacks-Only club that Ike would perform at, and Ike would let Elvis sit backstage and watch the Black singers perform. That was the type of music that Elvis loved, and he grew up wanting to play it. And he was occasionally mocked by other White kids for his style. And in the beginning of his career, this type of music was a hindrance to his advancement, as there were many White-owned radio stations that initially refused to play his records on the air, because they thought he was Black.
But as his fame grew, many of those same stations would play Elvis' records, while continuing to refuse to play similar records by Black singers. Likewise, concert promoters would book Elvis to perform in venues that wouldn't book Black singers, and he would get to perform on TV shows that wouldn't book Black singers. In a segregated America, where a growing number of White youths were listening to this new Rock N Roll music, Elvis Presley was seen as a perfect compromise. Essentially he was looked at as a Black performer in Whiteface. And that was totally unfair to the Black pioneers of that music. There is no denying that. And other promoters and record companies tried to capitalize on Elvis' success, such as where Pat Boone would cynically re-record songs that were originally recorded by Black singers like Little Richard, so White radio stations that wouldn't play Little Richards music could now play Pat Boone's music. Again, no denying that those were unfair racist practices, but Elvis should not be compared to Pat Boone, who was a complete fraud and opportunist. To put this in a modern context, Elvis was Eminem, while Pat Boone was Vanilla Ice.
“Although I'm not the first king of controversy, I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley, to do Black music so selfishly, and use it to make myself wealthy”
-Eminem, “Without Me”
I know it's a bit of a cliché by now to compare Elvis and Eminem, but there are some striking similarities. Eminem grew up with a genuine love for what is considered “Black music” of the time, Rap, and so he wanted to make that music. And, along the way, in addition to be more heavily scrutinized by Black fans, he also got some extra attention from the public, including having his songs played on White rock radio stations, just because of the color of his skin.
But acknowledging that Elvis Presley benefited from the racism of the time, and thereby got opportunities to succeed that Black contemporaries like Chuck Berry and Fats Domino didn't get, should not be taken as an excuse to paint Elvis himself as racist. He was just a guy who wanted to sing, and so that's what he did. He never pretended to be a great innovator or inventor or Rock N Roll, he never denied the influence of Black musicians on him, he never even called himself “The King” (unlike Michael Jackson, who purposely promoted himself as “The King of Pop”). And, ultimately, while his skin color may have helped him get through the door, he would not be remembered today if it weren't for the fact that he had the talent to back it up.
And that's why I love Elvis.
NOTES
Standard disclaimer... I'm not responsible if you break anything.This radio combo should work with functional WiFi and Bluetooth as well as resolve the random reboots in the ICS leak.A bunch of people have reported that this combo resolved their issues. My LiquidDesensed seems to be running bug free after using this combo.Radio Combo: 2.11.605.19 CDMA/7.00.605.2 LTE MD5: 1109c2fcc9536ee6e2811ae36f58e36fCredit to the original radio threads:CDMA Ripped from: http://forum.xda-developers.com/show....php?t=1605557 LTE Ripped from: http://rootzwiki.com/topic/33261-lea...52-ics-radios/ Place zip on root of SDCard.Boot to hboot and flashWipe Cache/Wipe DalvikLet me know if this resolves your issues. I'm curious if it works for others as well.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Here is a full set of current HTC Thunderbolt radios. These are all the radios that would work well with GB releases and possibly the ICS leak. I always have trouble finding the downloads so I compiled a list here to make it easy. 2.11.605.3 MD5: aa871dbc3e2551d0fded2b019db9951dCDMA 1.48.00.0906w MD5: c6a5a9eee78e0f33267fa80ced3c49b8LTE 0.01.78.0906w_2 MD5: 6f33809cf2253c38a3c6bb970f030eee 2.11.605.9 MD5: 27f3aef010e135365b98587adfabfb55CDMA 1.48.00.0930w_3 MD5: 4ac2e0d17a6219ed4073c21d03323d91LTE 0.01.78.0916w_3 MD5: f8f80b15665f12967a49dc57f132e71f 2.11.605.19 MD5: 1964f4062039e27f29a49af63004217fCDMA 1.49.00.0406w_1 MD5: ea76001a37d05ec678bd3eb8e3e047f8LTE 0.01.79.0331w_1 MD5: 9fb2e4ab5af475d16ecb4d6d6b532a33 7.00.605.2 MD5: 64565f87ada8f85a8686c043301ecfa0CDMA 2.00.00.0308r MD5: be609abfc760aba04546fe818b967cdcLTE 0.02.00.0312r MD5: cd3f81b9b61f034933ad344ee98ae43aAvoid using the 7.00.605.2 CDMA radio as it is the most likely cause of the ICS leak frequent reboots.The 7.00.605.2 LTE radio is required for the ICS leak if you want bug free WiFi and Bluetooth.The 2.11.605.19 and 2.11.605.9 CDMA radios are the recommended radios for the ICS leak.
Kesha – Grow a Pear lyrics
×
Verse 1:Last night I had enough of youI put on the brakesAnd I can tell you took it hardIt was all over your faceThat you were slippin'And flippin'But here is the sitchI signed up for a manBut you are just a bitchBridge:You should knooooooooow-oh-oh-oh-ohThat I loooooooooooooo-ah-ah-ah-ah-veYou a looooooooooooooooooo-ah-ah-ah-ah-ahtBut I just can't date a dude with a vagChorus:When we fell in love you made my heart dropAnd you had me thinking 'bout you nonstopBut you cry 'bout this and whine about thatWhen you grow a pear, you can call me backYeah I think you're hot; I think your alrightBut you're acting like a chick all the timeYou were cool and now you're not just like thatWhen you grow a pear, you can call me backVerse 2:When I first met you panties droppin'Everytime I saw you it was on andOne day you asked if we could just talkAnd that's the reason why I'm walkin'If I am honest, I'm just not hooked on your phonicsI'm not trying to be rude or crudeI just wanted one thing from youAnd you got confused[Bridge:][Chorus:]When you grow a pear, you can call me back (x5)And no, I don't want to see your mangina[Chorus:]
With Memorial Day on its way and summer not far behind, you may be thinking about dusting off that grill and getting the party started. Here is how to spend less on grilling this season.
Skip the Paper Products
If you will be entertaining more than once, skip the paper products and invest in some pretty plastic pieces that can be reused. This will make a lot of financial sense. If you score thrift stores and clearance racks, you'll probably wind up spending less than the paper products even for just one use!
Go Light on the Meat
Make sure that you include plenty of fresh vegetables to grill and minimize the meat. Not only will this be cheaper, but it will be healthier, too. Buy whatever vegetables and fruit that is in season, skewer, sprinkle with your favorite seasonings or sauces, and you are ready to go. Include plenty of low cost side dishes to round things out and add some volume and variety to the offerings.
Plan Ahead
If you allow yourself plenty of time to plan then you will be in good shape financially. You'll be able to scout out the deals for all of your ingredients and the other items that you might need. Stock up on your favorite summer items using coupons and sales so you can get them all at the lowest prices possible.
Say Yes!
When guests offer to bring an item, such as a drink or a side dish, take them up on it by saying yes. Not only will this give your gathering a variety that you normally wouldn't have on your budget, but you'll ensure that there will be something that each person likes.
Do Some Unconventional Shopping
Dollar stores, thrift stores and yard sales are great sources of grilling accessories and decorations. Pick up your tongs, your skewers, your seasonings and any other items that you need for grilling at a fraction of the regular retail price.
Related Articles:
Tricks Grocery Stores Use to Get You to Stock Up
Bulk Food Bargains
Police have released the identity of the 56-year-old woman who was struck and killed by a London Transit bus Monday.
Deborah McGrath, of Hamilton, was at the Argyle Mall parking lot when an LTC bus travelling southbound on Clarke Road collided with her at about 10:30 p.m.
McGrath was taken to hospital where she died of her injuries.
Police on Wednesday also charged the driver of the bus, a 36-year-old London man, with careless driving.
“I can confirm that the operator is not driving right now,” Kelly Paleczny, general manager of London Transit, said Tuesday.
“We will be conducting our own internal investigation.”
The LTC is co-operating with London police during an ongoing investigation, said Paleczny.
She could not comment on the status of the bus operator, whether a suspension was in place or not.
“We are striving to provide the safest public transit system that we can,” said Paleczny.
“Our thoughts are with the family and friends.”
Paleczny said she was not aware of any passengers on the bus at the time of the incident.
London police did not indicate how many were on board in a release Tuesday.
But Const. Sandasha Bough said a number of passengers on board escaped injury.
“We are still looking for witnesses,” said Bough.
Anyone with information in relation to this incident is asked to call the London Police Service at (519) 661-5670 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477).
There are now over 2,400 artificial intelligence (AI) and robotics researchers who have signed an open letter calling for autonomous weapons – often dubbed “killer robots” – to be banned.
They cite a number of concerns about autonomous weapons, particularly advancing a version of the proliferation argument, which states that military robots will proliferate and lead to destabilising arms races and more conflict around the world.
However, the open letter not only misses out on a number of other concerns raised about autonomous weapons, but it effectively argues that AI and robotics researchers ought to retreat from work on autonomous weapons entirely.
Rather, I think there are very good reasons why AI and robotics researchers ought to engage with autonomous weapons head-on, not least to help make them behave more ethically and to improve our understanding of moral cognition.
In The Letter
The open letter argues that the development of autonomous weapons could lead to a serious proliferation problem:
If any major military power pushes ahead with AI weapon development, a global arms race is virtually inevitable, and the endpoint of this technological trajectory is obvious: autonomous weapons will become the Kalashnikovs of tomorrow.
It re-affirms the standard policy conclusion of the Campaign to Stop Killer Robots: autonomous weapons should be banned.
There is an interesting difference in the open letter's position, though: the ban in the letter is only on offensive autonomous weapons. Defensive autonomous weapons are, apparently, acceptable. It seems the campaign has done the numbers and accepted that NATO, the Gulf Emirates, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Japan and South Korea have spent billions on defensive autonomous weapons like Patriot, Phalanx and C-RAM and will not support these being banned.
The letter also “airbrushes” AI history to support a second policy conclusion: that AI researchers should not sully their hands with the blood and guts of military AI but keep their discipline pristine lest it be “tarnished” by war.
To be blunt, if military applications “tarnish” a field, then AI was born tarnished. It was sired by Alan Turing in Bletchley Park to serve signals intelligence. Turing built his celebrated machine for military ends.
Perhaps TCP/IP – which underpins the entire internet today – is equally “tarnished” because it was born to facilitate continuity of command and control of nuclear missiles.
The “global AI arms race” started in the 1940s and has never stopped. And yet society reaps rich benefits from civilian applications of technologies originally designed for military purposes.
Martin Seligman's work on positive psychology, Flourish, has been funded by the US Army, yet we don't generally consider it to be “tarnished”. Likewise, Daniel Kahneman's research into “System 1” (fast) and “System 2” (slow) was partly funded and inspired by the Israeli Defence Force, yet it has made a terrific contribution to helping us understand how we think.
Not In The Letter
Yet there are also other reasons why we might be concerned about autonomous weapons which are not covered in the open letter:
Robots cannot discriminate targets (i.e. distinguish between friend, foe and civilian)
Robots cannot calculate proportionality (e.g. figure out if killing a high value terrorist target is worth risking the deaths of innocent children)
Robots cannot be held responsible for their actions (because they are not genuine moral agents with free will that can choose their actions and be praised, blamed or punished for them) so there is an “accountability gap” or “responsibility gap”
Robots will lower to enter cost of war and make wars and conflicts more likely
Robots will exacerbate the decline of martial valour already started with the use of remotely piloted vehicles
Robots should not make the decision to kill people.
These are serious issues. However, they are the kinds of issues that AI and robotics researchers are perfectly placed to tackle. They are precisely the ones with the expertise to develop solutions that might make autonomous weapons able to reduce human casualties on future battlefields by making them more ethical.
It is for this reason that I did not sign the open letter.
AI Should Pay More Attention To The ADF Manual
Using Kahneman's terminology, rather succumb to the “fast” intuitive appeal to the System 1 of their moral cognition, AI and robotics researchers should engage their “slow” System 2 and work on the deep problem of moral cognition in combat.
The Australian Defence Force manual is a good place to start. It is better than the American manuals because Australia has actually signed the Additional Protocols to the Geneva Conventions and the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons, and the various other major treaties of International Humanitarian Law. The United States, alas, has not.
AI researchers should read this manual. There is far more to military life than the decision to shoot the enemy when necessary. There are obligations to mitigate and minimise the calamities of war, obligations to uphold human rights and to protect cultural property. Sometimes cognitive agents with weapons must decide to fire to defend these rights and obligations.
Having read the manual, AI (and related fields) should research what functions required of service personnel can be automated. They should research the risks of automation, and recognise the failures of “meaningful human control”.
We need them to research the ethics of risk transfer, risk imposition and risk elimination, and figure out how to represent and process such normative data in a machine.
Or, if they prove it cannot be done, then design a better machine that can do it. They should decide whether humans or robots are better options for the battlefield as technology advances, and contemplate the psychological damage done by combat even to “cubicle warriors”.
We can then make policy decisions on the basis of hard data derived from experiments.
AI should thus not withdraw, but engage in the challenge of ethical cognition in the military robotics front line.
Sean Welsh is a Doctoral Candidate in Robot Ethics at University of Canterbury.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A massive recall has been issued for barbecue cooked at this past weekend's American Royal at Kansas Speedway.
Volunteers collected thousands of pounds of what they call “perfectly good barbecue” from the annual event to feed the hungry. But when Kansas City health inspectors found it, they threw it in the garbage.
Harvesters Community Food Network said a labeling error led to the issue, but didn't elaborate on how it occurred.
A Kansas City Health Department food inspector uncovered the issue during an annual inspection Wednesday at Hope City, which had just received it's shipment of barbecue from American Royal.
“It was the whole gamut, if you can think of the most magnificent barbecue spread that's what we threw away yesterday by the hundreds of pounds,” Hope City Associate Director Bill Durkes said.
For five years now Kookers Kare, a group of barbecue chefs with hearts as big as their stomachs, has worked with Harvesters to collect the extra food not turned over to judges at the competition. This year that was more than 3,000 pounds of meat, and 1,200 pounds of sides.
The organization's president, Gary Denham, said they had a refrigerated truck at American Royal, and his team of food safety experts only collected food that was either piping hot or ice cold.
It's then distributed to ministries with food kitchens like Hope City on Kansas City's East side.
“Everyone out there is like all right we are going to eat. Beans, potatoes, brisket, burnt ends, ribs, it's awesome,” Durkes said.
But when Kansas City health inspectors showed up just as they were about to pass out the food to 150 hungry and needy recipients, the inspector ordered about 700 pounds of barbecue to be thrown out. It was then covered in bleach to make sure no one tried to get it out of the dumpster.
“They were expecting lunch and for it to be a really good lunch and just having it taken away it was a bummer, we were all bummed out,” Durkes said.
Health officials say the food was destroyed because it wasn't from a permitted establishment, and they couldn't track where the food had been. Therefore, they couldn't ensure it's safety.
Denham said if health inspectors had any questions they should have just asked. Instead hundreds already went hungry, and it appears as many as 3,000 people won't get meals as a result of the recall.
Men who enjoy heated seats on a cold and frosty morning may be unknowingly damaging their chances of having a baby.
Research suggesting heated seats in cars could be damaging male fertility first emerged in 2008 with scientists proving the heat from the seats in turn heated up the scrotum enough to damage sperm.
The study, carried out by Dr Andreas Jung and colleagues from the Justus Liebig University in Giessen and the Ford Research Centre in Aachen, Germany, tested the theory of 30 healthy males.
The males were sat in a car with heated seats for 90 minutes. After 90 minutes, the temperature of the scrotum had increased by 0.6 degrees compared with sitting in an unheated seat. Lead researcher, Dr Jung, said that this increase in scrotum temperature could be enough to damage sperm production.
Whilst the study went some way in proving that heated seats increases the temperature of the scrotum, it didn't look directly at the effect that temperature increase would have on fertility.
However, with the health of your sperm at risk, we think this is one luxury you can certainly do without when trying to conceive!
Photography: Carlos RM @Flickr
Justin Vernon's falsetto-folk infiltrated pop and caught Kanye's ear but now he's kicking against the fame game. For his new album, he explains why the last thing he'll do is a Beyoncé-style Pepsi tour
Bon Iver's Justin Vernon on his festival: 'It's a chance for people to disappear' Read more
Even on a midweek morning, the line for Al's Breakfast, a 10-foot-wide, 66-year-old establishment in the Dinkytown neighbourhood of Minneapolis, runs all the way out of the door. At the back of the queue stands Justin Vernon, sweltering in the heat and sharing his latest preoccupations: the wonder that Apple once sacked Steve Jobs; the exceptional difficulty of ever pinning James Blake down to a precise meeting time and place; and the lessons of Idiocracy, Mike Judge's uncomfortably prophetic film satire in which celebrity culture and anti-intellectualism are rife and a blustering dunderhead has been elected president.
Twenty minutes later, seated at the counter, Vernon takes a sip of coffee and exhales. “If I stop doing the music thing, I could see myself doing something like this, man,” he says, taking in the room: the 14 seats, the waitresses filling cups, the sound of Fall Out Boy on the stereo. “Open a small breakfast joint, play the music I want, maybe have shows in it at night; people could drink whiskey. That sounds like my dream.”
It's a steady, contemplative Vernon I meet today; a different artist to the one who emerged wide-eyed in 2008 under the guise of Bon Iver to release For Emma, Forever Ago. It was the album that redefined the breakup record with its sparse, desolate songs and unleashed a hundred cabin-folk falsetto imitators in its wake.
Much has changed in the years since. There have been the worldwide tours; the synth- and sax-heavy follow-up album; the collaborations with Kanye West and James Blake; the production work with groups such as the Staves; the Grammy awards; the side projects; the Eaux Claires festival he founded two years ago in his hometown of Wisconsin. And there has been the kind of intense and overwhelming success that means that today the waitress will lean across the counter to tell him, sweetly, how much she and her mother love his music.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Justin Vernon on Jimmy Fallon in 2014. Photograph: NBC/Getty
But there has also been uncertainty. This month, he releases his third Bon Iver album, 22, A Million. That there should even be a third album at all is something of a surprise: four years ago, Vernon announced that he was walking away from the Bon Iver project for the foreseeable future. “I had mental stuff, stuff I felt needed healing,” he explains now. “And as morose or self-involved as it is, I felt that the only thing I could do was to go into myself a little bit.” In fact, even at the start of this year he came close to quitting this album; it was by his account “a gruelling process to figure out”. He was plagued by panic attacks and anxiety, and battling the feeling that “I had this huge idea and I didn't have the wherewithal to go through with it”.
Justin Vernon says Bon Iver festival set will be all new Read more
Part of Vernon's discombobulation stemmed from the experience of being in the spotlight. “Having people asking to get their picture taken when you're just trying to get eggs and not having a good day,” he says. “There are times when it's just a nuisance, and there are times when it makes me panic. There are people who are straight-up into being famous. And I don't like that. I think that's why I had to take a long break.”
The break itself, however, did not go particularly well. “I decided this was the time to go hang out in Europe and travel,” he says. “And so I went to [the Greek island of] Santorini. But I'm a horrible planner, so I went in off-season and there are no restaurants open and there's nobody there. And so I just feel pulverised: dealing with some unrequited love situation-slash-just knowing that that isn't even the issue, I'm the issue, I need to get my shit straight.” Walking around the island for the fifth day in a row, Vernon experienced his first panic attack. “It was like: ‘Oh my god, my chest is caving in, what the fuck is going on?'” he recalls. “I don't like talking about it, but I feel it's important to talk about it, so that other people who experience it doesn't feel it's just happening to them.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Vernon and Kanye at Coachella in 2011. Photograph: Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
The anxiety continued even after he returned home, saw a doctor, and began treatment for depression. “It was not good,” he says simply. “It was bad, bad, bad and then really bad, for a long time. I'd say I was having very bad days for about a year and a half.”
Still, it was during the period he calls “the European horribleness” that he began writing this album. “I kept moving hotels because I was, like: ‘Well, this is completely depressing, I'd better go to a different place.'” Then he was hit by a line – “It might be over soon” – that would become the backbone of the opening track, 22. “I just kind of hummed that to myself,” he recalls. “I had a little sampler with me, and I got back to this weird hotel room, and I just sat there and chopped it up. And I had this rare moment of: ‘This is a good thing', where you create something.”
It became apparent to Vernon along the way that in his willingness to play shows, promote records, produce and champion other artists, he had somehow neglected his own creative needs. The person who reminded him of the importance of looking after himself? One Mr Kanye West. “Kanye speaks of how you have to love yourself. And believe in yourself,” says Vernon. “I heard him say something recently: ‘I love myself so other people can love themselves.' So they get up in the morning and put on a song and be like ‘FUCK YEAH'. And that is what it's for.”
In 22, A Million, there's also a sense of Kanye's willingness to defy expectation and, if necessary, alienate his audience. For those who still consider Bon Iver to be the sound of a man lovelorn in a Midwestern winter, this album might prove rather confounding. There are the song names themselves: instantly tattooable jumbles of symbols and words such as 10 d E A T h b R E a s T and 21 M♦♦N WATER that read like a mingling of punk logos and EE Cummings poetry. Then there are the unexpected musical directions: attempts to distill difficult emotions into sound, through distortion and the strange collision of instrumentation and voice, such as the track ____45_____ in which the saxophonist Mike Lewis duets with Vernon on a saxophone vocoder. It felt, says Vernon, like “a conversation, like an instrument that only two people can play”; one that explored many of the album's themes: “It's sorrow and pain explaining joy, and family, and fear of death, and love.”
If the isolated, acoustic, woodsman sound of his first record began to shift on his second album, this time it has given way further to digital manipulation: voices slowed down, sped up, words mushed and buried beneath scuffling synths, dolorous sax, the sense that sound is being layered, twisted and contorted, its rhythm frequently more urban than pastoral. But what it shares with previous Bon Iver records – indeed with all Vernon's projects – is a profound tenderness.
More than anything, 22, A Million is about Vernon getting lost, both mentally and physically. He is laying to rest two decades of searching for self-understanding, and letting go of the deep connections to place – particularly the idea of home and belonging – he explored on the previous two albums. “As much as I love that I made it so sacred, I feel like the places are behind me,” he says. “I know that the most important thing is you belong to folks.” There's a line at the end of the final track of the first Bon Iver album that perhaps encapsulates the sentiment best – sung, then, about moving on from lost love, it rings just as true for this new phase of his career: “This is not the sound of a new man, or crispy realisation,” he sings. “It's the sound of the unlocking and the lift away.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dicing with fame... Vernon. Photograph: Cameron Wittig and Crystal Quinn
We take a drive through one of Minneapolis's more affluent neighbourhoods near where he owns an apartment, to the Lake of the Isles. In the driver's seat Vernon lights up a cigarette, winds the windows down, puts on the Waylon Jennings track Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way. It's an important song for him, as Jennings questioned the way the country music industry had become so in thrall to glitz and celebrity. Forty years later, Vernon finds himself asking similar questions about the way the music industry operates and he's started to explore other ways to be a working, touring musician without succumbing to the pressures that sent him so off-kilter.
“I've played the game enough. Next time I probably won't do photos at all” Justin Vernon
On the last Bon Iver tour he compiled a dossier of all the things he didn't want to do again. He reels some of them off: “Playing a lot of shows, realising that playing shows for Live Nation is just bullshit and fuck that. I grew up loving bands like the Indigo Girls, and they stood for something, doing benefit shows and talking about shit and changing culture or changing people's mindsets and raising awareness. What's music for? It's not about having a bunch of CDs.”
He also decided against doing many interviews, choosing instead to hold a press conference because “why not have fun with this shit?” And that there would be absolutely no photoshoots showing Vernon's face in full. “I've played the game enough, and next time I probably won't do photos at all,” he says. “The more years that go by where there are no pictures of me, the more that will happen. It's my self-preservation thing.” Touring will be different this time, too. He speaks of wanting to capture “the vitalness, the necessity of a performance”, of “playing places with a street set-up, a truck with a generator so we can play right there… So it's not just a money-grabbing exercise.”
Already there is the week-long 80-artist collaborative residency in Berlin, followed by a two-day festival, which he has co-organised with Ryan Olson of Gayngs and Bryce and Aaron Dessner of the National. He also has a hankering to go to Roslyn, Washington, where his favourite TV series Northern Exposure was filmed, “to go fishing and meet some people who hopefully never heard of us and say ‘Hey, we're coming into town and we're going to play in the community centre, five bucks, and we're giving the money to the local shelter…'”
The big idea, he says, is to break both artists' and music fans' expectation of a record release, touring cycle, stadium shows, promotion. Vernon is not alone in this ambition: consider this year's Frank Ocean and Beyoncé albums, sent out into the world without the usual flurry of interviews and polished promotional activity. Musically, this circumnavigates the media juggernaut and renders the relationship between artist and record-buyer more direct. Yet simultaneously the artists can become more remote figures. We know fewer details about their lives, their motivations, the stories behind their songs. For those artists accustomed to the strange quarantine of megastardom, this transition is perhaps not so challenging. But in the case of a musician such as Vernon, famed for his emotional depth and authenticity, will fans understand the new sense of detachment?
The playlist: Americana – This Is the Kit, Justin Vernon, Gill Landry, Elizabeth LaPrelle and Bill Fay Read more
“Hopefully, people will understand that I will come and play for you, I will get to you, eventually, in your city, but when I get there hopefully we will play something more special, we won't just play some gig, we'll have thought about it. We won't just be ‘Hello Cleveland-ing!' through our lives.” This isn't, he stresses, about ego, nor is it an exercise in rock star worthiness. Rather, it's about wanting to halt the idiocracy. “You can never be self-righteous, but it's okay to be a little righteous,” he says. “You have to believe in something. Like, I'd prefer Beyoncé didn't do a Pepsi tour. Do not take two million dollars from Pepsi and be a role model for young girls. Do not do that. That stuff does anger me. And I feel like I am not afraid to talk about that stuff.”
We need people to speak out, he suggests, or otherwise we'll find a blustering dunderhead in the White House and an idiocracy in full sail. “It is the reversal of mental aptitude,” he says. “Let's turn it around.”
22, A Million is out on Friday; Bon Iver tours the UK from 10 Feb
GAINESVILLE, Ga. -- A father is behind bars accused of letting his toddler of get drunk while he was sleeping off his own intoxication.
According to police, the 3-year-old boy was under the care of his father on May 7 when authorities got a call from a family member.
Police say the family member owns the house and lives there with the father, mother and child. The father and child were there by themselves Saturday at about 7:00 p.m. when the family member came home and found the father, 20-year-old Marcus Daniel Allen, unresponsive in his bedroom and the toddler acting abnormally and smelling of alcohol. Allen himself is also under the legal drinking age.
Police say Allen had drunk himself into unconsciousness on a fruity, mixed alcoholic cocktail that was in a water bottle with a straw. When police got to the house, they realized the child had been sipping the cocktail while the father was passed out.
Authorities transported both the father and boy to the hospital where they discovered that the boy's blood alcohol content was close to two times the legal driving limit for an adult -- one more sip could have killed him.
Sign up for the daily Speed Feed Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the Speed Feed Please try again later.
Submit
"I think it could have been a lot worse had they not come home when they did," said Gainesville Police Deputy Chief Jay Parrish. "Had the child ingested more alcohol, it could have been fatal."
Police say when officers approached Allen, he tried to escape into the hospital's parking lot.
Authorities arrested Allen and charged him with a felony count of cruelty to children along with additionial counts of reckless conduct, obstruction and underage consumption of alcohol.
Police tell 11Alive that the toddler is doing OK, and that the Georgia Division of Family and Child Services has placed the child in his mother's care.
"I think it just goes to show that to parent and raise a child, we have to be highly vigilant at all times, and have to put the children first and our behavior second, for their well being,” Parrish said.
Allen is being held in Hall County Jail, with no bond set on the child cruelty charge.
CRIME NEWS | Mug shots
How To Shoot In Stride
Do you want to score more goals? Well then, it's time to learn how to shoot in stride! To do so, I've outlined a progression for getting comfortable shooting the puck in stride, off of either foot. There are a number of ways to learn this technique but this method is proven and reliable. After reading and practicing the progression, please let me know what you think by commenting below!
Keys To Shooting In Stride
Becoming comfortable doing two things at once. Moving feet + releasing a shot.
Activating your legs, abs, and upper body to increase the flex of the stick.
Being able to shoot off of either leg.
Staying square to the net to increase accuracy and pressure on stick.
Step By Step Shooting In Stride Progression
Step 1. Practice passing with your feet moving (both linear forward strides and crossover strides). If you can't pass with your feet moving, you won't be able to shoot!
Step 2. Next, move to actually shooting the puck without stopping your feet. Although you may not be producing quality shots to start, you will become more comfortable releasing the puck with your feet moving.
Step 3. Standing stationary, now isolate releasing the shot while landing on either foot. This will allow the players to get comfortable releasing off the landing motion (of either foot) and also practice the use of downward force to improve shot release and speed. After doing this stationary, start to add a few strides in.
Step 4. At full speed, practice releasing the shot off of the inside leg. Practice this both with forward striding and cross over-strides.
Step 5. At full speed, practice releasing the shot off of the outside leg. Practice this both with forward striding and cross over-strides.
Step 7. Now, work on receiving the puck and shooting while staying in your skating motion. Focus on shifting your weight upon receipt of puck and releasing the shot in one fluid motion. Get comfortable shooting off either foot depending on what side the pass came from.
Step 8. Add pressure from a defender to cut down the time and space available to the shooter.
Step 9. Finally, apply the learned skill (shooting in stride) to a game situation drill, or in an actual game!
Video Breakdown Of Shooting In Stride Progression
Get the biggest rugby stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wales have received a timely Six Nations boost with centre Jonathan Davies having been passed fit to return to action this weekend.
The Lions hero had been expected to be out until early March after undergoing surgery on the pectoral muscle he tore in the opening autumn international against South Africa in November.
But he has recovered well ahead of schedule and is now ready to get back out on the field.
The 25-year-old has been released from the Welsh squad to play for the Scarlets in Saturday's LV Cup clash with London Irish at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
If he comes through that unscathed, he will then come into contention for Wales' second Six Nations match against Ireland in Dublin on February 8.
That would see him vying for selection with Jamie Roberts and Scott Williams who will link up in midfield in Saturday's championship opener versus Italy at the Millennium Stadium.
London musician Aleksander Kolkowski is giving new life to a dying musical format — by turning it into an even older format. His idea: repurpose the compact disc to play like its musical predecessor, the vinyl record. “I'm taking the optical digital back to analogue,” he says.
Using a modified Wilcox-Gay Recordette — a 1950s home stereo and recording device — Kolkowski cuts grooves into a CD, making it playable on a turntable. The re-engineered CD plays at 45 rotations per minute for up to two minutes and 50 seconds. The audio result is “a nice, warm sound, like it's been remastered through an overdriven tube amplifier.”
Any digital or audio input, including a microphone, can be connected to Kolkowski's customized device — which means he can put whatever song, sound or voice recording he chooses onto the CD to be played like a record. To do this, the input device sends an electrical signal to a needle on the Recordette, which cuts an exact waveform representation of the sound onto the CD like the arm of a record player working in reverse. It renders the original data on the disc unreadable, but etches into the disc something new and often spontaneous.
At a handful of public appearances across Europe, Kolkowski has produced recordings of everything from throat singers to a marriage proposal. He says it's most fun to work with people performing live and off-the-cuff directly into the microphone, while some bring memory sticks with audio they've prepared in advance, and on one occasion, he was given a CD from which he ripped a song to his laptop and then cut the song back onto the same CD.
“It's transforming a disposable media storage device made for cloned copying into a one-of-a-kind cult object,” he states. But that's not to say he's too precious about the whole thing. “In a way, it's very tongue-in-cheek. There's a lot of fetishism about vinyl, but I see this as quite throw-away, really. I do it for free. People bring a CD and I give them one in return. On a few occasions, people have asked me to go into commercial production, but that's not really my intention.”
Kolkowski is making art, but he's also toying with the nostalgia that swells around aging audio formats. In the United Kingdom, just over 780,000 vinyl albums were sold in 2013, the largest number since 1997. In the United States, Jack White sold 40,000 copies of the special vinyl edition of his latest solo album, Lazaretto, during its first week of release. It was the biggest week of vinyl sales since Soundscan began tracking data in 1991. (The previous record was around 33,000, for Pearl Jam's 1994 vinyl-themed album, Vitalogy.)
In an age when ever-improving digital technology is available anywhere and all the time, why the persistent affection for analogue items from the past? (See also: Polaroid cameras, 35mm film and typewriters.) Perhaps it's a desire to take back creative control from digital gadget settings, maybe it's down to pure aesthetic appreciation of vintage items and their output, or it could all be just a form of trophy gathering. Kolkowski thinks vinyl's renaissance is a combination of its alternative status as a format, and our desire to own something tangible — something physical you can hold in your hands — at a time when music is becoming increasingly “invisible.”
“People still want something to cherish,” he said. “There's something about sound being rendered into a physical object that has magic to it, and I think that's why people get a thrill from what I'm doing. And the process, the fact it's a recycled object, adds piquancy to it.”
His CD-Recycled 45 rpm project is part of a larger series of work having to do with repurposing, remaking and recreating, including an installation at the Science Museum in London called The Exponential Horn. For the exhibit, Kolkowski helped reconstruct a 1930s loudspeaker to broadcast newly created sounds, music and spoken word, in an exploration of its original intention to establish a benchmark in audio quality. He's also recreating one of the first-ever recordings of a symphony onto wax discs in a project for the Royal College of Music. “In 1913, in Germany, one of the very first attempts was made to record a whole symphony. We are re-enacting that recording session using wax discs. No one has actually attempted a full orchestra using a wax recording lathe before, so it's a serious research project, as well as a lot of fun.”
Kolkowski, who collects string and wind instruments as well as gramophone and phonograph players, says he's always been interested in early recording formats and has “a fascination with the listening experience.”
“As a sound artist, I'm interested in using antiquated audio technology to challenge notions of obsolescence and, as well as making connections with the past, in giving a new perspective on our current relationship to recordings, amplification and digital sound.”
This article originally published at The Atlantic here
Gov. Sarah Palin's traveling makeup artist was paid $68,400 for roughly two months of work, according to a new campaign finance report filed with the Federal Election Commission.
Ms. Palin's makeup artist, Amy Strozzi -- who was nominated for an Emmy award for her cosmetics work on the television show "So You Think You Can Dance?" -- was paid $32,400 by Senator John McCain's presidential campaign between Oct. 16 and Nov. 24, the period covered by the most recent reports filed with the commission.
This amount came on top of the $36,000 she had already been paid in previous reports, dating back to September.
In addition, Ms. Palin's traveling hair stylist, Angela Lew, was paid a total of $42,225, with $23,400 coming during the period covered by the latest reports to the commission, which were due at midnight on Thursday.
Canadian Real Estate: Ready To Pop?
Some financial experts say that Canada has one of the most overvalued real estate markets in the world. Although, there are many others who remain in denial and have become numb to the thought that a correction in the market could ever surface. There are individuals who believe that the real estate market in Canada will continue to experience its never-ending success ride and that this bubble is never going to pop. Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. announced just this week that an overvaluation had been detected within a number of different cities across Canada that it monitors.
“While we see weak evidence of problematic conditions for Canada, we do detect moderate evidence of overvaluation. This means that house prices are higher than levels that can be supported by fundamental factors such as income growth and population growth,” according to CMHC chief economist Bob Dugan.
Now a big U.S. bank is also warning that Canada's housing market is inching toward instability thanks to the ongoing low interest rates. The report came from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, by Emanuella Enenajor, but it didn't warn of a potential crash. “House prices have [accelerated] along with mortgage credit outstanding. This is a result of a low-rate policy both domestically and abroad,” said Enenajor. The artificially low interest rates are contributing to the problem because there isn't enough supply in the market in order to satisfy demand. No doubt there are many people who are likely locking themselves into mortgages and putting houses on credit that they probably cannot afford and possibly might not have made the decision to go with had the market not provided the low interest opportunity for them.
Enenajor predicts that as the Fed gradually exits its policy of low interest rates (if it ever does), then this could offer a correction in the market. However, she did say that the Bank of Canada would be unlikely to raise rates over the next few years and she expects that housing prices will continue to accelerate in the meantime. Currently the average price of a detached home in metro Vancouver is about $1.8 million and the prices are rising at a rate of roughly 23 per cent every year. This also makes it difficult for those who are on a fixed income and who will continue to see rising property tax rates as a result of the ongoing low-interest-rate-fueled-real-estate-bubble mania.
Financial experts Mike Maloney and Harry Dent predict that possible coming deflation in the market is likely going to kill real estate investors and contribute to a correction. As it stands now the Canadian market is being largely driven by artificial factors, rather than economic fundamentals, and so it's uncertain as to when or what exactly will trigger the correction.
Follow Dan Dicks:
Facebook
Twitter
Dan Dicks Twitter
Dan Dicks Instagram
Subscribe:
Youtube
Press For Truth TV
If you do not use PayPal or credit cards you can still donate! We accept checks, money orders, cash and equipment. With good old fashion mail you can send Dan stuff to:
Mail to Dan Dicks:
505-8840 210th Street
Langley BC, V1M 2Y2
Canada
Diana Montelongo came to the United States as a 6-year-old from Mexico, brought by her parents in search of a better education.
Now a graduate of UC Berkeley, Montelongo teaches math in Natomas to middle school students. On a recent weekday, hands shot up in Montelongo's seventh-grade class when she asked students to help her add integers with imaginary balloons and sandbags. Using imagery from the movie “Up” is one way Montelongo connects with students.
The day after the 2016 election, she decided another way would be to share her story.
“I came into the classroom and students were crying and hugging each other,” Montelongo recalled. “There were students that had to be sent home because they were afraid their parents were not going to be there when they returned.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Montelongo, 23, is one of about 5,000 educators working in California schools who are not just working with undocumented students but are undocumented themselves, according to the Migration Policy Institute.
With President Donald Trump's decision this month to end federal protections for young undocumented immigrants (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals), thousands of school employees could lose their jobs absent further action by Congress. Sacramento-area school officials fear that a large exodus could deepen an ongoing teacher shortage.
“If DACA is reversed, we are losing teachers who want to be in the classroom,” Montelongo said. “It's impacting the students directly. We already have students who have had long-term substitutes the entire year.”
Montelongo landed in her Natomas classroom through Teach for America, a national nonprofit in which teachers commit to working in underserved neighborhoods in return for additional training and mentoring.
She has been educating other Teach for America participants on how to support students who are undocumented and fear they and their families will be deported.
Erika Hermosillo, managing director of alumni affairs for Teach for America, calls Montelongo brave for sharing her story with other teachers. “From there ... hopefully they will go back to their regions and feel they can engage in some of those conversations, and hopefully advocate,” she said.
Montelongo relies on other Teach for America DACA teachers for emotional support. The group of 150 undocumented teachers meets each summer to share resources and stories.
Montelongo, whose DACA status expires in January, filed for a two-year renewal last week. Those with DACA permits that expire between now and March 5 have until Oct. 5 to apply for a two-year renewal.
However, if those permits are not approved, their legal status could change as soon as March 6. Those whose permits expire after the March deadline may not be able to renew them, leaving them without federal work authorization.
She and other DACA teachers are making emergency plans in case their permits are not renewed. Montelongo hopes to continue to work as a contracted employee if that happens, she said. But there would be no protection from deportation.
“It's definitely a sense of fear, not knowing what my future holds,” Montelongo said.
But if she has to leave her job, Montelongo wants her students to know why.
“I want to be here,” she said. “I want to be here for the students. If I have to leave, I want my students to know it isn't because I'm leaving them.”
The Sacramento region has more than 13,000 DACA recipients, more than most states, according to the Center for American Progress, a liberal think tank in Washington, D.C.
Because federal law prohibits tracking DACA employees by status, local districts do not know how many DACA teachers work for them. State and federal numbers are available from nonprofits like the Migration Policy Institute, which uses census data to estimate the number of DACA-eligible people in teaching and other occupations.
“The impact of losing anyone would be something we don't want to see happen in any circumstance,” said Xanthi Pinkerton, Elk Grove Unified spokeswoman. “It's not just our teachers, we have shortages of bus drivers and nurses. It's concerning.”
Sacramento County schools chief Dave Gordon said he will meet with district leaders to review their options.
Jorge Aguilar, superintendent of Sacramento City Unified, said he worries that his district will lose bilingual employees and those with other needed skills. One-fifth of students in the city district were classified as English learners last year.
“As immigrants themselves, these employees also relate to many of our students, including English learners, because in many cases they've lived the same experiences that our students are living.” Aguilar said. “Revoking DACA is short-sighted because it ignores the very valuable and necessary contributions of these educators and employees to the school system.”
Aguilar thinks these contributions are so important, in fact, that he is working with the teachers union and California State University, Sacramento to expand the number of DACA teachers at Sacramento City Unified schools. He hopes to do this by offering DACA students financial incentives to complete a teaching certificate after graduating from college. In return, the students would return to Sacramento City Unified to teach.
In the meantime, the new superintendent – a child of immigrants – is intent on keeping the DACA teachers already at the district. He is looking into the possibility of sponsoring DACA teachers for work permits, so they can continue to work in the country if their status is revoked. The school district already sponsors teachers recruited from the Philippines.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, in announcing the end of DACA this month, said the Trump administration was acting to ensure that immigration laws were being enforced. He also said that DACA “denied jobs to hundreds of thousands of Americans by allowing those same jobs to go to illegal aliens.”
In a fact check of that statement, The Associated Press said that “few economists or business leaders subscribe to the administration's view,” given that the unemployment rate is low and companies are in need of more workers.
This show is commercially available as "Winterland June 1977: The Complete Recordings "
Set 1
Bertha
Jack Straw
Tennessee Jed
Looks Like Rain
Peggy-O
Funiculi Funicula
El Paso
Friend Of The Devil
The Music Never Stopped
Set 2
Scarlet Begonias ->
Fire On The Mountain ->
Good Lovin'
Candyman
Estimated Prophet ->
He's Gone ->
Drums ->
Samson And Delilah
Terrapin Station ->
Morning Dew ->
Around And Around
Encore
Uncle John's Band
U.S. Blues
*Matrix*
----------------------------------------------------
SBD (shnid=24291):
SBD>MR>DAT.
DAT>CD transfers, including patches by David Hollister. CD>WAV(EAC Secure mode) with editing of patches to raise volume of patches to audibly match adjacent SBD source, conversion to SHN, and uploading by Keith Bode. David Hollister's original transfer done approximately 1999. Editing of patches, SHN conversion, and uploading done in May, 2004. I believe this transfer of the show has not been widely spread, and I am glad to have been involved in the editing and making of the show available.
Keith Bode
----------------------------------------------------
AUD (shnid=31951):
MAR > Reel > DAT > CDs
CDR > EAC > WAV > TLH (SBE-OK & checksums) > FLAC Frontend, Dec 2005.
Recording by Rob Bertrando
---------------------------------------------------
Thank you to David Hollister and Keith Bode for the SBD transfer,
and to Rob Bertrando for recording the show.
Matrix by Hunter Seamons using Final Cut Pro (FLAC>AIFF>Final Cut>WAV>FLAC)
May 14, 2009
Notes:
1) The underrated show of the Winterland run, but just as many highlights: raging Music, above par Scarlet > Fire, a most amazing Estimated > Gone transition, very top notch Terrapin, and an all-time Dew (more than comparable to the 5/8/77 version). Probably the best sonic quality of the three Winterland matrixes...while the others have more "character" to them(especially 6/9), which I like.
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: 20thCenturyAmericanMale - favorite favorite favorite - January 29, 2018
Subject: Lovin '77 Dead This is definitely a show worth a listen. The recording sounds awesome and the performance is yet another fine example of the band in 1977, arguably one of the best years of music in the catalogue.
Some think the world is made for fun and frolic,
And so do I!
Some think it well to be all melancholic,
To pine and sigh;
But I, I love to spend my time in singing
Some joyous song;
To set the air with music bravely ringing
Is far from wrong!
Listen! Listen! echoes sound afar!
Listen! Listen! echoes sound afar!
Funiculi funicula`, funiculi funicula`,
Echoes sound afar! funiculi, funicula`.
Some think it wrong to set the feet a-dancing,
But not so I;
Some think that eyes should keep from coyly glancing
Upon the sly!
But oh! to me the mazy dance is charming,
Divinely sweet,
And surely there is nought that is alarming
In nimble feet?
Listen! Listen! music sounds afar!
Listen! Listen! music sounds afar!
Funiculi funicula`, funiculi funicula`,
Music sounds afar! funiculi, funicula`.
Ah me! 'tis strange that some should take to sighing,
And like it well;
For me, I have not thought it worth the trying,
So cannot tell!
With laugh and dance and song the day soon passes,
Full soon is gone,
For mirth was made for joyous lads and lasses
To call their own!
Listen! Listen! hark! the soft guitar!
Listen! Listen! hark! the soft guitar!
Funiculi funicula`, funiculi funicula`,
Hark! the soft guitar! funiculi funicula - January 29, 2018Lovin '77 Dead
Reviewer: tonedef - favorite favorite favorite - August 4, 2013
Subject: Too much analysis here Oh, look, it's an art critic!
(Monty Python) - August 4, 2013Too much analysis here
Reviewer: Mind Wondrin - favorite favorite - August 19, 2012
Subject: '77 was the year for MNS The matrix adds excitement to this show. These were the shows when The Grateful Dead Movie was in theaters. The movie was supposed to take the place of touring and was shot in '74 but then languished in post-production, editing, distribution, etc. and by then the band had healed and reached a new peak. This 1st-night-of-run isn't as good as the next 2 nights but has one of the best MNS of all time. TJ has a great weave but it otherwise stumbly.
First Set highlights:
Peggy-O
Funiculi
FotD
MNS (an A+ version)
Things so south at the start of the second set (keeping it from being a 5-star show) and it takes a while to get things back, then bam!, one of the greatest ever Estimateds!
Second Set highlights:
Estimated
Samson
Energy is gone again for a very shaky encore. The following night is better but it's hard to beat the MNS and the Estimated. The Terrapin is much remarked for the jam out (which, I'll give, is A-) but the missed cues in the first half keep me from highlighting; YMMV.
Overall : B
4 stars - August 19, 2012'77 was the year for MNS
Reviewer: Seederman - favorite favorite favorite - January 7, 2011
Subject: First Matrix... I guess you could say I wandered off when the bus brokedown in 1995, and got on with life... Haven't listened to the Dead much in the last few years, and was kind of picking through the archives recently, trying to rekindle that old spirit... It wasn't working; nothing sounded good to me anymore, it all sounded old, weary, and tired...
I don't know if this is taboo to mention here or not, but somebody uploaded the whole Hunter's Trix series at a tracker site... 64 shows. I had never heard of the series, or Hunter, or even heard of a "matrix" before. But I decided to download a few and give 'em a listen...
Hunter, you've brought tears to my eyes. You've done the impossible, you've brought the Dead to life again, more real and visceral than I've ever heard them before.
#46 (this show) was one of the first ones I've heard. I always loved the Morning Dew from Pembroke Pines '77, but this one seriously tops it... If felt the old goosebumps I used to feel as a young kid back in the day hearing this stuff, you've really done a work for the ages here...
To stay with Morning Dew for a moment, a good example of the nuanced mix is at the very end, when Garcia's voice fades its last note, you hear the audience singing along (in pretty good tune, I might add...)... What I liked is, I didn't actually hear them singing until Garcia's voice faded, but they were "felt" throughout; never before have I heard a concert in this way before; it really conjured up the feeling of being right there, but hearing the nuance of the band more clearly than was ever possible at a show.
Dick's Picks, which I used for my fixes before, sound flat and murky and one-dimensional in comparison.
I realize not everyone likes matrix recordings (I learned that while reading up on this collection, which I knew nothing about). But for me, it was almost a religious experience. Outstanding work, the Dead should pay you for this stuff...
Outstanding show, outstanding matrix, 5-stars all the way. - January 7, 2011First Matrix...
Reviewer: BIG_R - favorite favorite - September 28, 2009
Subject: 6-7-77 This is a wonderful show. Subtle and mellow.The next two nights are even better. The legendary second set from 6-9 will rip your head off and take a crap down your neck. I have this show on cd. I don't remember where I got it. It must have been before it became a commercial release. I dont know what source mine is from but it sounds like a Betty board. I'm very sure that this Hunter Seamons matrix will sound great. He's the man when it comes to those things. - September 28, 20096-7-77
If you walk around Potosí today, it's hard to believe that it was once the center of the New World: the largest and richest city in the Americas. There are plenty of signs of faded grandeur; the city is filled with beautiful, but crumbling, colonial buildings.
Most travelers to Bolivia bypass the city. After touring the Salt Plains to the south, most head on to the lights of La Paz, planning to tour Lake Titicaca, cycle the world's most dangerous road, or move on to Cuzco and Machu Picchu.
Others take a less-traveled path into Chile and the Atacama Desert then travel up to Ica, the condors of the Colca Canyon, and the mysterious Nazca Lines. Those coming from the north tend to skip Potosí altogether. This, however, is a mistake.
Its primary tourist attraction is the old silver mine. While it's not much to look at – from the outside at least – this mine once provided a huge portion of the Spanish Crown's revenue.
In the 1540s, the first Spanish explorers described a “thumb of silver” sticking out from the Altiplano. Mount Potosí was soon renamed El Cerro Rico, in honor of a huge outcropping of silver ore which ran down one side of the mountain, hinting at the vast riches which lay beneath.
Development was rapid. As Yale history professor John Demos describes (in his superb article The High Place):
From then on, for half a century, the boom around the cerro rico (rich hill) developed fantastically. In 1547 Potosí's population was about 14,000, in 1571 perhaps 40,000, by 1600 at least 150,000. This raised it to the demographic level of the chief capitals of Europe and Asia (London, Amsterdam, Canton, Tokyo), and made it by far the largest human community in the Western Hemisphere. Moreover, its population formed an astonishing, unprecedented mix. A 1611 estimate included 3,000 Spaniards, 40,000 non-Spanish Europeans (French, German, Italian, Portuguese, English, among others), 35,000 Creoles (American-born, many of mixed-race parentage), 76,000 Indians (themselves representing numerous different ethnic and cultural backgrounds), and 6,000 Africans (nearly all held as slaves by white Potosínos).
Initially, African slaves were brought to work the mine. But when they struggled to adapt to the 4,200 meters (nearly 14,000 feet) altitude, the Spanish turned to the Indians.
They were slaves in all but name. Under the mita system, Indians were drafted – forcibly – as indentured laborers to work the mine. While they earned a nominal wage, many didn't survive the appalling conditions in what the Indians came to call “the mountain that eats men.” By the time the Spaniards bled the mine dry three centuries later, this “mouth of hell” swallowed eight million souls.
Those who stayed above ground – the European settlers – profited handsomely. Silver was everywhere from horseshoes to church altars – even the streets outside the cathedral were resurfaced with silver bars. The mythical city of El Dorado had been made real, but silver.
Soon “Potosí” became a byword for unimaginable wealth across the world. Treasure hunters, prospectors, professional gamblers, matadors, and prostitutes descended on the city where the rich merchants and nobles competed with ostentatious displays of wealth. The city's coat of arms bore the following legend: I am rich Potosí, Treasure of the world. The king of all mountains, And the envy of all kings.
Locals claim that the Spanish dug enough silver out of the ground to build a bridge all the way to Madrid. That's not altogether fanciful. 99% of colonial Latin America's exports was silver – most of that coming from Potosí.
The Spanish people, however, benefited little from the silver gushing into Seville's Casa de Contratació. The Crown owed most of it to creditors all over Europe, and thus the wealth of Potosí ended up stimulating development across the continent.
After the Argentines declared independence at the start of the 19th century, they struck north, seeking to cross the Altiplano to launch a land assault on the capital of Spanish America, and the heart of Madrid's power on the continent: Lima.
While Potosí's fortunes had faded – the silver had dwindled – the city was still important enough to remain a primary objective, and was captured by Argentine forces who liberated the miners – many of whom enlisted. The city soon returned to Spanish hands though, as the Argentine army was driven back, and the retribution for the independence supporters left behind was especially fierce.
Today, all across Latin America, the regions that were richest in natural resources are now the most underdeveloped and poverty-stricken; Potosí is just one tragic example.
At the time of Argentina's capture of Potosí during the independence wars, the area now known as Bolivia was more populous than all of Argentina. Now, the latter's population is six times that of its northern neighbour.
Eduard Galeano, in the superb The Open Veins of Latin America: Five Centuries of the Pillage of a Continent, called Potosí: an open wound of the colonial system in America: a still audible “J'accuse.”
The mine is still operational today, and tourists can experience the working conditions first-hand. I took a tour of the mine in 2005. I was already experiencing some of the effects of altitude sickness – confusion, disorientation, shortness of breath – but nothing too serious. Potosí was the highest I had been for an extended period. That is, until I entered the mine.
We were driven up to the market below the mine. Our tour guide – an ex-miner who had to retire after his arm was crushed by an ore-cart – explained that it was traditional to buy miners gifts of alcohol, hand-rolled cigarettes, coca leaves, and dynamite.
The mine is something of a free-for-all now, with 8,000 miners working in a variety of independent cooperatives. The problem is, nobody has sufficient capital for modern tools, so the methods used to extract the few metals that are left – such as tin – are quite crude.
Indeed, the conditions are particularly poor for the workers. Miners' life expectancy averages at 40 years. The miners themselves reckon they have about ten years on the job before they succumb to an accident or silicosis (black lung disease).
The few older workers we saw were given the easiest jobs. Men kept them on their teams despite them not pulling their weight, as they were considered lucky. Our guide decided to give two of them a break from shovelling loose rock, and handed me a shovel.
Two minutes later, I had to stop – to the jeers of the guide and the old miners. The air is already noticeably thin at 4,200m (almost 14,000 feet), and we had descended down three levels of the mine where the air was filled with black soot.
There were seventeen more levels, but we didn't want to go any lower. We were hoping to make it out in one piece. There is no “safety” as such, just the watchful eyes of your solitary guide. We walked down tracks while our guide listened out for the ore carts that would crush us without losing pace.
When he heard one approaching, we had to find some nook or cranny to jam ourselves in, clear of the track.
While travelling uphill, all these carts had to be pushed by hand by groups of miners. We passed several such groups, sweating, pleading for something to drink, but we had already given all our gifts away.
The whole experience had a profound effect on me. A few months later, while living in Northern Peru, I had an idea for a historical novel set during the South American independence wars called A Storm Hits Valparaíso. I knew I had to include the story of Potosí and the Indians that worked the mine, and my character Pacha was born.
A Storm Hits Valparaíso will be released next month. It has been a labor of love for five years, and I'm very excited about finally publishing it.
You can read an excerpt staring Pacha and Potosí here (scroll down past the writer talk), and more background on A Storm Hits Valparaíso here. If you would like to get an email when A Storm Hits Valparaíso is released, subscribe to my newsletter here.
Advertisements
Tuesday, November 22nd, 2016
FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- As firefighters rushed to put out a house fire on Grant Avenue in central Fresno, they realized they needed the SPCA to help treat and account for everyone who lived there."The people who were inside they had all said they were doing fine, initially," Bob Van Tassel with the Fresno Fire Department said. "The fire initiated in the back bedroom. We don't have a cause yet we're still waiting for investigators to come up with a cause."Family members say the 70-year-old woman had only lived there for two years. She moved there shortly after her husband passed away. Her granddaughter says she moved in with just four dogs but no one had been inside the house since then and didn't realize just how many dogs she had living with her."I would say out of hand for her. A lot of people are going to look at her as a hoarder of animals but, for her, it was just a way of having comfort and being at peace with the one you love passing away," Aubree Ramirez said.Ramirez said most of the dogs were not fixed and may have multiplied with each other. She believes there were about 40 dogs in all and not all of them survived the fire."I would say most likely 10 passed away in the house and a couple of puppies, one of the dogs was giving birth while the fire was going on. We have like two to three of the puppies inside now a couple died and she's still having them as we speak inside," Ramirez explained.None of the dogs appeared unhealthy. Firefighters said they had a breathing mask to help some of the dogs who suffered smoke inhalation."It's a mask, more narrow, it's the same kind of face mask you'd put on a person but it's kind of narrower and I believe they were using one on one of the dogs they brought earlier in the incident," Van Tassel said.Though the house appears undamaged from the outside, family members said the inside is completely destroyed. The woman believes the fire may have started in the laundry room based on the volley of flames coming from that area.Family members say the SPCA has taken all but two of the dogs from the home. null
Though a bill to terminate the remaining travel restrictions to Cuba garnered 55 votes in the Senate last week, President Trump is considering reviving limits on travel to the island, potentially disrupting investments in Cuba made by travel companies since President Barack Obama relaxed restrictions in 2014.
Since that time, Starwood Hotels & Resorts struck a management deal with two hotels in Cuba. Airlines including American, JetBlue, Southwest and United began direct flights. Cruise traffic, too, is growing; in addition to several smaller lines, Norwegian Cruise Line now travels to the island, and Holland America Line just announced its intention to begin cruising there in December.
“Now there are a lot of investments and a lot of skin in the game, and it's a more complicated picture,” said Tom Popper, president of Insight Cuba, which has been operating tours on the island since 2000.
What a change in policy would look like with respect to travel remains unclear. It's possible the White House could impose stricter regulations on travel licenses, several tour operators say, or return to the restricted licensing in place before December 2014.
That's got to hurt.
The contest is as timeless as it is gut-busting — “Eat our entire [insert ridiculously named, comically oversize dish] in an hour, and your name goes on the wall.” But at Don Chingon, a new taqueria in Brooklyn, there's a bigger prize in store for gluttony champs: “We'll just give you the wall.” Anybody who thinks they can finish off the 30-pound Gran Chingon burrito, and is willing to shell out $150 for the privilege even if they don't, will instantly become a 10 percent owner of the restaurant.
The Gran Chingon's tortilla apparently measures three and a half feet in diameter, and it looks to be stuffed with enough chicken, steak, carnitas, chorizo, cheese, rice, beans, and salsa to feed an entire Chipotle line, probably with leftovers. Subsequently, the fine print warns that Don Chingon accepts no responsibility for “death or illness” that might occur. On the other hand, though, the establishment does seem to be rooting for the burrito-cramming underdog: In announcing their contest, the owners say, “If you are going to eat a massive amount of food and gain 25-30lbs in a single sitting you deserve real compensation.”
According to the rules provided to Food & Wine, entrants must:
• Pay $150 to enter.
• Eat a 30-pound burrito.
• Drink a ghost-pepper margarita.
• Finish both of these in one hour or less (touching the burrito starts the clock).
• Not take any bathroom breaks or discharge any “bodily fluids.”
If this sounds like the break you've been waiting for to finally make it as a New York City restaurateur, it's probably advisable to start fasting now.
[FWx]
It happened in the blink of an eye. A head-on collision with a vehicle in the wrong lane. Every road cyclist's worst nightmare.
In an instant, everything had changed for American Chad Haga.
The 27-year-old from Texas had shown up to Giant-Alpecin's training camp in Calpe, Spain, in the best condition of his career, eager to improve upon two seasons in the WorldTour that included finishes in his first two grand tours, the 2014 Vuelta a España and the extremely tough 2015 Giro d'Italia.
Haga's thoughts leaned towards his 2016 race schedule: He was due to start at the Tours of Qatar and Oman, building towards Catalunya, and the Giro.
Instead, he was bleeding profusely from his neck, the result of crashing face-first into the oncoming black SUV driven by a 73-year-old British woman.
Instead of heading back to the team hotel, he was in a helicopter, being evacuated to an emergency room.
Instead, Haga had a fractured cheekbone and lacerations to his face, nose, chin, throat, collarbone, and knees, and was losing blood quickly. His mobile phone was found 100 feet from the crash site.
I was kinda expecting helicopter rides to be more fun than that. They must have a great marketer. — Chad Haga (@ChadHaga) January 25, 2016
Ten days later, however, Haga was with his fiancee, Kate Williams, back in his apartment in Girona, Spain, having just had 45 stitches removed from his face and neck, and another six removed from his knee. (In all, he had 96 stitches across his body.) Having the stitches removed closed a loop that had no start point — he'd been sedated when ER surgeons stitched him up.
“I don't have much memory of any of it,” Haga said. “I was told I was talking most of the time, but I was in shock, and I've blocked out most of the memories. Over a 24-hour period, I have memory of about 30 seconds.”
When Haga came to, his thoughts immediately flowed toward his teammates. How had they fared? Had they all survived?
“I went through a lot of emotions” Haga said. “I was grateful to be alive. I was shocked at what happened. And I was really frightened about whether or not my friends were dead. I knew nothing until our team doctor and [teammate] Caleb Fairly came to visit me, after what felt like a really long time. I was in and out of consciousness, everything was fuzzy, but I could remember who was in our group. I had no recollection of what happened, or what was going on. Those questions weren't answered until the team doctor and Caleb showed up.”
Miraculously, however, none of the six riders struck by the vehicle were left with life-changing injuries. A few broken bones, plenty of road rash, sutures, and in John Degenkolb's case, a nearly severed finger. But all six riders escaped serious injury. No paralysis. No brain injuries. All six will likely pin on a number and race this season.
There's got to be an easier way to gain Twitter followers. I should look into that. — Chad Haga (@ChadHaga) January 25, 2016
Once Haga was aware of the extent of his teammates' injuries, his thoughts turned inward. After three seasons with Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies, where he was one of the top riders in North America, he'd joined Giant-Alpecin in 2014. A fourth-place finish at the Vuelta a Burgos time trial, three seconds off the win and two seconds behind Nairo Quintana, was the first indication that Haga could compete against the best in the sport. He would finish the Vuelta that year, and finish the Giro d'Italia last year. For 2016, he'd hoped to have a chance to ride as a supported rider.
“My first reaction was that my career was over, and that I never wanted to ride a road bike ever again,” Haga said. “But that didn't last too long. I remembered how well training had been going, and how much I had been looking forward to the season. I felt like there was still this untapped potential, and that I wouldn't be satisfied until I fill it. My goal is to accomplish all that I can, so I'm going to focus on that. For this season, it's obviously a huge setback, but in the long term, I'll be fine. I just need to heal.”
Haga added that his Giant-Alpecin team has put no timeline on when he is expected to return.
“The team has been very accommodating,” Haga said. “They want to see me make a full return, but the only pressure is to do it properly. The focus is not on setting a date around it, but to get a little bit better each day. We'll have to see when that day comes.”
And while some riders might've become withdrawn after such an incident, Haga instantly took to social media, to connect with his fans and supporters. His mobile phone survived the crash, overflowed with messages on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram, as well as emails and text messages. He's made light of the accident, joking about his scars as well the daily inconveniences of his injuries.
“It was overwhelming, the support for me from all around the world,” Haga said. “People were praying, telling me they were cheering for me. It was really motivating to me. I realized I was not alone, I had this ton of support and encouragement to lean on.”
My biggest challenges at the moment: stairs and stares. — Chad Haga (@ChadHaga) January 29, 2016
Friends and family had rallied to fly Williams over to Spain, quickly, from her home in Fort Collins, Colorado. Haga also found support from the community of American pros living in Girona. Jordan Reijnen, Kiel Reijnen's wife, baked him cookies. Ally Fairly, Caleb Fairly's wife, picked him up from the train station.
“There's a real community here,” Haga said of the Girona cycling community. “And they all reached out to me. I've had overwhelming support, from so many directions.”
Haga said his most immediate concern surrounds his neck. Though the wounds were not life-threatening, his neck muscles were weakened, and he's lacking in both strength and mobility.
“If I were to get on a TT bike, I wouldn't be able to see up the road,” Haga said. “There's a lot of tension, in the muscles, from scar tissue. It's nothing permanent, but it's going to take a while. I wouldn't even be able to ride in an aerodynamic position on my road bike right now.”
He's also having pain walking, as both knees were hyperextended in the crash.
Haga's fiancee headed back to the States over the weekend, however his younger brother, Shane, is in Girona helping him with errands, like grocery shopping, and household chores like cooking and laundry.
All that said, Haga has kept his spirits high. “I wasn't even fully lucid when I realized how fortunate I'd been,” he said. “I have a few memories, seeing the car before impact. I remember how I hit the car with my face. And I came out of it not too bad, really, other than my face hurting like crazy. It's really shocking how comparatively light we all came off in the big picture. As far as bike racing goes, it will be rough for a while, but none of us were concussed, or dead.
“I am just trying to put things in perspective,” he continued. “It's a sucky situation, but I'm here. I can be miserable, for however how long it takes, or I can just try to keep things in a good light and make the best of it.”
It's been almost 30 years since the computer scientist Jaron Lanier formed VPL Research, the first company to sell the high-tech goggles and gloves that once defined humanity's concept of where technology might soon take our species. In the late 1980s, people could pull on a $100,000 head-mounted display and electronic gauntlet and fool their brains into thinking they'd stepped inside the simulated space rendered on the screen.
Future gazing: VPL Research demonstrated its EyePhone virtual reality system at the Texpo Telecommunications Show, in San Francisco, in 1989.
At the time, Lanier's intoxicating inventions were featured on the front page of the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times, coverage that popularized the term “virtual reality” as well as a fresh vision of the future in which humans would flit between the real and virtual worlds. The well-worn narrative is that the VR pipe dream quickly faded, largely due to the exorbitant costs involved or the motion sickness that many users complained of when playing early consumer examples of the technology—such as Nintendo's ambitious and experimental Virtual Boy games console controller.
Now, after many years on the periphery, VR is heading back to the mainstream. The proliferation of cheap high-resolution screens, motion-tracking sensors, and microchips in mobile computing devices has vastly reduced the technological cost of creating virtual reality hardware, making high-definition immersive head-mounted displays commercially viable.
The most prominent startup riding the renewed interest in virtual reality is Oculus VR, a company that has released a developer kit costing just $300, a fraction of the price of the emergent units of the 1980s (the consumer version is rumored to cost even less). The Oculus Rift retail kit will boast higher resolution than the developer versions when it launches in late 2014—1920 x 1080 pixels compared to 640 x 800 pixels—a technological accomplishment that has only recently become commercially viable. Palmer Luckey, the 21-year-old inventor of Oculus Rift (and who has raised millions of dollars in investment capital in the past year), believes VR is ready for the mass market (see “Can Oculus Rift Turn Virtual Wonder into Commercial Reality?”).
Lanier, however, rejects the idea that this is some kind of resurgence. He argues that VR has already revolutionized the world. “You can't enter a vehicle made in the past 20 years that wasn't first prototyped in VR,” he says. “As a result we've seen vehicles become safer, more comfortable, and more efficient, and VR has played a key role in that. Likewise, you can't have an operation without the surgeon having benefited from VR.”
What's new is the prospect of a mainstream, affordable consumer VR device, but even here Lanier insists that the current batch of hopeful startups are more or less redoing what he and his partners did three decades ago. “There are so many details that are similar,” he says. “I'm happy to see these companies doing what they're doing and am charmed by it.”
Lanier may be charmed, but he's unconvinced that the positive rhetoric surrounding the current VR makers will have an effect in the marketplace. It's certainly true that Oculus Rift got off the ground thanks to the fervor of a core group of supporters who contributed to Luckey's initial Kickstarter campaign. The project page says that more than 9,000 people pledged a total of nearly $2.5 million.
“There's an extremely intense enthusiast community that loves VR,” Lanier says. “But it can create an illusion that interest is perhaps larger than it really is. I believe Oculus Rift could launch tomorrow and comfortably sell a few hundred thousand units. But the real challenge is how to sell 200 million units. The enthusiast community is loud and adorable, but no matter how much you please them, you won't necessarily reach beyond them.”
Luckey is, understandably, a great deal more positive. “People have wanted virtual reality for decades,” he says. “There is a reason it has been core to so much great science fiction storytelling. Unfortunately, the tech was just not ready in the past.”
Luckey insists that today, the various necessary ingredients are available and affordable: high-powered miniature computing, highly detailed 3-D synthetic environments, high resolution screens, and high-precision motion tracking. “All of these things are available relatively cheaply,” he says.
The result of this technological convergence is certainly arresting. People often talk of a unique feeling of “presence” when using the Oculus Rift for the first time, the latest iteration of which debuted at the Consumer Electronics Show in January. It's unlike a traditional video game. In a VR world, the combination of actual scale and one-to-one head tracking—whereby natural head movements are used to observe the virtual world—contribute to a new sense of being present in the simulated world. The technology overwhelms the human perceptual system so that it has trouble differentiating immersive virtual experiences from real ones.
Lanier, who worked with Microsoft on its Kinect motion cameras, agrees that the technology is far cheaper today, but he can perceive few “profound differences” to ease the difficulties he and his team experienced in the 1980s. “All of the current [head-mounted display] makers face the same challenges that we did in 1985,” he says. “It's relatively straightforward to create a great demo and unbelievably hard to do a great product.” Lanier also predicts a sense of user ennui after the initial wonder fades. “I found in the old days that looking into a virtual world becomes a little tiring at some point,” he says. “It's a little like Google Glass, where the notion that this technology is on your head all the time is too much and people start to reject it. Your first time playing a game in a virtual world is incredible, but the 20th time is wearying. The gaming modality is self-limiting. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with it, but you can't limit your strategic thinking to that one style of use.”
As Lanier suggests, a range of software may be key to illustrating the potential of virtual reality.
“A lot of things have come together simultaneously to make this year ripe for VR to finally take off,” says Devin Reimer, chief technology officer of Owlchemy Labs, an independent game studio based in Boston that is working on a base-jumping game for Oculus Rift. “The mobile-display resolution race has forced the cost of high pixel density displays down. The availability of cheap and small accelerometers, magnetometers, gyroscopes, and compasses also contributes to this effect. With compact CPUs and GPUs able to render two high-resolutions views at high frame rate, the tech really is there.”
Alex Schwartz, CEO of Owlchemy Labs, says the potential isn't limited to video games. “We've been thinking about school field trips,” he says. “Their purpose is to allow students to experience the world about which they've only learned from their teachers and textbooks. When a child can experience the grandeur of a Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton for the first time at a science museum, it's unlike anything else. Pictures can't describe the sense of scale felt when seeing a full-size dinosaur skeleton in the flesh, but VR is able to replicate that sense of scale to allow for these amazing experiences in the classroom, especially when visiting a physical location is impossible.”
Some academics already see broad potential uses for virtual reality. Jeremy Bailenson is founding director of Stanford University's Virtual Human Interaction Lab, where he performs numerous experiments to understand both the potential uses and effects of VR. Bailenson's lab is focused on exploring how VR can be used to encourage prosocial behavior, teaching empathy, encouraging helpful behaviors, and deterring environmental degradation. “One recent study demonstrated that an intense and altruistic VR experience such as flying around like a superhero to save a child's life caused people to be more helpful in the physical world towards someone that had an accident. Another demonstrated that allowing someone to walk a mile in another person's shoes, for example by using the technology to simulate a visual disability, caused people to increase the amount of time they spent volunteering to help others who are visually impaired.”
But Bailenson also views VR's power to engage and persuade as a potential downside. “I think of VR like uranium,” he says. “It can heat homes and destroy cities. One can easily point to the addictive aspects of the technology as a downside. The question is, how will we use it?”
“In fiction, VR is often portrayed as the final great technology, something that leads the world into a dark, dystopian future,” says Oculus Rift inventor Luckey. “In reality, the benefits of VR will far outweigh the negatives; education can be vastly improved, long distance collaboration will be revolutionized, and firefighter, police, and military training can be done much more safely and cost effectively.”
Lanier, the father of VR, is more equivocal about the moral, ethical, and political future of VR. “The tech itself lends itself to a wide variety of different frameworks,” he says. “If it's used as a spying tool or a way to make advertising work more effectively, then it will gradually hurt people. But if it's used as a way to help people know themselves more, and if the person is the power center rather than the remote company, then it will aid education and can be joyous and beautiful.”
Adrian Peterson hugged Vikings GM Rick Spielman and coach Mike Zimmer outside his Texas home today. There's proof, on the TV.
Frankly, we're surprised we haven't been deluged with emails from public relations contacts trying to get us to interview hug experts.
(Actually, we're kind of sad about this. Maybe there aren't hug experts? Maybe we could become one?)
Petersonmetwith the two Vikings reps for four hours, and the meeting went well, and blah blah blah back to the hugs.
Our breathtaking analysis:
*Peterson did not initiate the first hug with Spielman. AP was going in for a casual handshake, from what we could see, but Rick called an audible and went in for the hug. Peterson seemed fine with it. After that, it was only natural for Zimmer and Peterson to hug. A handshake would have been weird.
*All three guys showed some solid bro-hug technique. The hugs were of appropriate length and scope.
*Spielman spends more on the tailoring of his sport coats than Zimmer. Peterson looked like he was dressed to attend a volleyball match.
*We wouldn't read to much into the hugs other than that it's probably a good sign that when Spielman went for the hug, Peterson didn't instead punch him in the face.
And this concludes our report on the Peterson Hugs.
Alvaro Dominguez is considering taking legal action against former club Borussia Monchengladbach for medical negligence.
The former Spanish defender this week announced his retirement at the age of 27 because of severe back problems that had prevented him from playing regularly in the last two years.
Dominguez underwent two back operations in the past 14 months and blames Monchengladbach, the club he joined in 2012 from Atletico Madrid, for not taking his medical condition seriously.
He told Marca newspaper: "I'm considering every option and I'm in the hands of good lawyers in Germany.
"The club never informed me of the seriousness of my injury. I don't need to win a court case, I just want them to recognize that things weren't done right.
"They haven't recognised their mistake, no one has apologised to me. I just hope that by telling my story I can help other sportsmen."
Barcelona goalkeeper Marc Andre ter Stegen sent an inspirational message to Dominguez via his Instagram account.
In every sport an injury is the most frustrating period for an athlete. To end a career early because of this is a tough decision to make. But we must never forget that health is the most important, always! I'm sad to see you hang up your boots so early. You have been a great defender who was always working hard to get better - a true professional! I wish you all the best in your further life and I'm sure you will find something new and special to discover. @a.dominguez18 A photo posted by Marc ter Stegen (@mterstegen1) on Dec 7, 2016 at 1:18pm PST
Dominguez, who made 120 appearances for Atletico, joined Monchengladbach in 2012 on a five-year contract.
He made 103 appearances in all competitions for Monchengladbach, his last coming on Nov. 7, 2015, in a home Bundesliga draw against Ingoldstadt.
"Since February 2015 I had strong pain that worsened every day," he said. "I had an MRI and they [club] told me not to worry, that it would go away.
Alvaro Dominguez retired at the age of 27 due to back problems.
"Before a Hertha game in May, I was unable to walk. The doctor injected me painkillers and told me that it could happen to anyone.
"I trusted him but I wasn't even able to get on the plane so I went home.
"I had some therapy but I was later asked to play again and I did.
"I couldn't move after that and the [club] doctor told me that what I need was a holiday."
Dominguez had tests done in Madrid that summer which revealed a serious back problem.
"I was surprised," he said. "The club never informed me about the seriousness of the injury. I returned to Gladbach.
"I showed them the medical reports and they told me to start preseason, that they would treat me."
He played 10 games at the start of the 2015-16 campaign under a lot of pain.
"As soon as I finished playing, I would go home and get into bed as it was the only thing that alleviated the pain," Dominguez said. "I was a professional on the pitch but off it I was an invalid.
"I went to see a specialist Wohlfahrt Muller and as soon as he saw the results, he told me I needed surgery right away." Dominguez claims Monchengladbach did not consider his condition serious.
"I met the sporting director, the coach, the doctor and the [club] vice president and explained to them that what I had was very serious and that I could end up in a wheelchair if I continued to play," he said.
"I had three herniated lumbar disks. They asked me to postpone the operation until Christmas and I refused as I couldn't even walk. I had the operation."
Dominguez underwent a second lower spine operation earlier this year knowing it would mean an end to his playing career but would offer him a better quality of life.
"I knew that no player had ever returned to play like that," he said. "I still have pain when I wake up and when I go to bed but it's not so intense."
The Madrid-born Dominguez, who made two appearances for Spain in 2012, feels let down by the Bundesliga side.
"Above all there has been a lack of humanity," he said."Through all this, the club wasn't even paying me because under German law, after six weeks out injured, you only receive 20 percent of your wages which is paid by your private insurance.
"That didn't even cover my medical costs. The club only offered to pay 30 percent of the treatments.
"I had the feeling that after giving everything to the club and going through so much pain when they needed me most, they had abandoned me."
Adriana Garcia is a Valencia-based football writer who covers La Liga for ESPN FC.
One former Dragons' Den star is defending a second after an unflattering critique from a third.
Brett Wilson says Arlene Dickinson's opinion column on Kevin O'Leary is unfair because it fails to draw a distinction between O'Leary as a reality TV show contributor and who the man really is.
O'Leary announced he was running for the leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada on Wednesday.
Wilson, who continues to be a business partner of O'Leary's, shared his thoughts with CBC News Thursday. Here is an edited version of that conversation.
Q: What has inspired you to weigh in?
A: I happen to think that the rudeness that came out of, again, intended or otherwise, attacking Kevin was misguided. I stepped up and said, "You know what? I'm not necessarily certain that some of the things that [Arlene is] saying are fair," because the television persona for many people is first of all edited, and it's exaggerated.
The thought that Kevin has no heart — Kevin was the only dragon who stepped up to help me on one of the donations that I made. Kevin's was the first cheque I asked for when we supported Breast Friends.
It seems wrong for either Kevin or Arlene to be sitting in judgment of each other.
I'm on the outside not running for office. I'm a businessman. I love poking every party. I've taken shots at [Justin] Trudeau, at [Rachel] Notley and of course at the provincial Conservatives and the federal Conservatives. I'm free to comment.
Q: Contrast O'Leary the television persona with who he is as a business person.
A: Kevin's a rogue. He's going to be a provocateur. He's going to, as he said, shine the light of transparency on every issue.
One of the things I really like is, he's going to bring attention to first of all the Conservative race, and then second to politics in Canada as a whole. Those are good things regardless of whether you believe in his approach to business, or life or his personal life. None of that really matters.
Now, having done business with him, he's a promoter. Let's be clear. He's an extraordinary promoter, and that's called marketing.
When we rolled back the onion, opened up the books and took a look at the files on the O'Leary Funds, we closed on that deal instantly. It was clean.
He knows how to run a business. He's a marketer. I get it. Now, he's got a rough side. He's been pretty tough on people. There isn't a Conservative, there isn't a Liberal in the country who hasn't made some mistakes in front of the microphone. Our prime minister just said he wanted to phase out the oilsands. Where did that come from? What was he thinking? That would be the stupidest, rudest comment that Western Canada could ever have heard. We let that go.
Kevin said some provocative, controversial things. I'm going to let those go in the context of where are we today, and where are we going.
Q: O'Leary's track record as a business person has been in the spotlight. What do you make of the criticisms?
A: Did Mattel blow up because they bought the Learning Company? Maybe. But guess who sold it to Mattel? Kevin. That's not a bad business strategy.
I've got some businesses. I had another one go bankrupt last [month]. We've all got our failures. Most important thing is, what do you do when you stand up? Where do you want to lead? Where do you want to take the country?
I love a lot of the things that Kevin wants to argue. I'm supporting Kevin, but I'm also supporting two candidates in the Conservative Party of Canada.
Q: Are you endorsing Kevin O'Leary?
A: Today I would endorse Kevin O'Leary, absolutely, because I want to see him in the process. Remember, we're talking about the leadership of the Conservative Party. We're not talking about the prime minister of Canada. That's going to be a different conversation.
Q: What should people consider about Kevin O'Leary in light of his leadership intentions?
A: I'd like [them] to consider the fact that he is maybe a little politically incorrect, but he's willing to take on the tough issues without kowtowing to the vocal minority. I love Kevin's approach.
Saddedine says Idriss' removal was related to the storming of the FSA headquarters by the Islamic Front
The member in the Higher Military Council of the Free Syrian Army (FSA) and its spokesman, colonel Qasem Saadedine has commented on the resignation of the FSA chief, Salim Idriss, saying the decision was related to the storming of the FSA headquarters by the Islamic Front three months ago and that the decision he decisions was agreed by all the members in the Supreme Military Council.
Saadedine told al-Arabiya that "after this operation, the armed Syrian opposition and the officers of the Free Syrian Army entered a state of chaos and they were deprived of their weapons. General Idriss did not succeed in the reconstruction of the FSA of in regaining its stolen weapons."
The Colonel stressed that Idriss was not solely responsible for the incident and said that mistakes were made by the leadership of the army because of the multiple external agendas.
Saadedine revealed there was American pressure to keep Idriss in his position and that some other parties threatened to stop armed support if Idriss resigned.
"But the current stage requires more efforts and better experiences. We are grateful for what Idriss has done for the Syrian opposition", Saadedine explained.
"Brigadier Abdulilah al-Bashir, who succeeded Idriss, is qualified and has enough military experience on the ground. There is also technical and military crew supporting him in his mission," the Colonel added.
Saadedine spoke about a "complete plan prepared by the Minister of Defense in the Interim Government, Saad Mustafa, to reconstruct the armed opposition and attract officers."
Translated and edited by The Syrian Observer
A stack of RX 470 Radeon GPUs for Ethereum mining. Image: Daniel Oberhaus/Motherboard
I've been toying with the idea of building an Ethereum mining rig for months. Ethereum is similar to Bitcoin insofar as the network has its own cryptocurrency, but goes further since it can also be used to build decentralized, blockchain-based apps. Its cryptocurrency is called Ether is used to pay for work done on the network. These Ethere tokens are created by running hashing algorithms in a process called mining.
But until the Ether price explosion last month, mining on the Ethereum network cost more in electricity than it generated in revenue. Following the meteoric rise of the world's second favorite cryptocurrency, however, I decided it was finally time to become a miner. So I strapped on my hardhat and hit the internet in search of the graphics cards that are the workhorses in most Ethereum mining rigs.
Yet as I found on site after site, GPUs were SOLD OUT and wouldn't be shipping for several weeks. As PC Gamer recently reported, it appears as though the altcoin mining boom had created a global GPU shortage. The question, however, is whether this drought has just begun, or if gamers and would-be miners will be out of luck for the foreseeable future.
As their name implies, GPUs are logic chips specifically designed for rending pictures and videos on a computer screen. They're mostly used for gaming to render 3D graphics in realtime. Unlike a Central Processing Unit (CPU), which is responsible for coordinating and executing commands from a computer's hardware and software, GPUs were designed so that they would be really efficient at repeatedly performing the same operation very quickly.
GPUs work well for rendering 3D games but they work great for mining Ethereum. Without getting too bogged down in the technical details, mining Ether requires a computer to continuously run a cryptographic hash function, which is a way to reduce an arbitrarily large amount of data (in this case a block on the Ethereum blockchain) to a datum of a fixed size (a string of so many numbers and letters). GPUs are great at running these hash functions over and over again.
Six RX 470 GPUs on an Ethereum mining rig. Image: Daniel Oberhaus/Motherboard
When Bitcoin was first proposed in 2009, its vision of the future was one where everyone could mine Bitcoin from their own personal computers. But this vision quickly died as Bitcoin succumbed to economies of scale. Today, dedicated hardware and massive Bitcoin farms in China mean it's basically impossible to profitably mine Bitcoin without at least $10,000 in startup cash for hardware.
Read More: Bitcoin is Worth $2000. What?
Ethereum's developers wanted to avoid this problem so they made the network "memory hard." This basically means that increasing the memory capacity for your mining rig won't actually give you a leg up. Importantly this means that Ethereum mining will always be limited to GPUs and will be resistant to specialized hardware and the application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) that are used to scale Bitcoin operations.
This also means that GPUs have become a rare commodity.
According to Stefan Schindler, the Chief Technical Officer of Genesis Mining, the company buys its GPUs in bulk. Schindler wouldn't disclose just how many graphics cards are deployed at Genesis' Engima—heralded as the world's largest Ethereum mining operation—but said that the farming operation has grown significantly since it launched in 2015.
"Enigma started with an installation of about 700 GPUs and now consists of several larger buildings," Schindler told me in an email. "Obviously at this size the operation draws attention from the hardware manufacturers directly and we have agreements with them."
According to Schindler, the Enigma farm mostly consists of Sapphire 470s, which use a Radeon graphics card manufactured by Advanced Micro Devices (AMD). He said that Genesis is aware of the GPU shortage, but also noted that in the world of altcoin mining, this is nothing new.
"Short spikes of mining profitability creating a large demand of GPUs first happened in October 2013 when the Litecoin price went up," Schindler said. "After the spike was over, many home miners sold their GPUs on Ebay which caused a lot of headache for manufacturers who tried to ensure their sales of their current products."
This is already happening now with the latest Ethereum boom. But rather than people trying to offload their GPUs after a mining boom, used mining rigs are being listed on Ebay and Craigslist for a several time their list price due to high demand. But buying used graphics cards can be a risky bargain—GPUs used for Ethereum mining are usually running around the clock, which wears them out far quicker than when they are just used for gaming.
On the other hand, Ethereum is going to switch from Proof of Work to Proof of Stake at some point in the next year or so, which is essentially a way to lower the resource intensity of the Ethereum network. However it will also have the side effect that the GPU mining rigs currently being used on the network will become more or less useless. At that point, these miners will have two choices: either use their rigs to mine other altcoins like ZCash, or try to sell them online.
All Radeon RX 470 GPUs on Newegg are sold out. Screengrab: newegg.com
This cycle of boom and bust is difficult for both chip manufacturers like AMD, and PC gamers who usually only need one or two GPUs to power their rigs. To temper these GPU shortages, Schindler said Genesis is working with hardware designers to create proprietary graphics cards that are optimized for mining and don't compete with those used for gaming.
"I really don't want to take GPUs from gamers," Schindler added.
Although AMD told CNBC that making GPU's for gamers remains its priority, it is also being reported that the chip manufacturer is planning to make dedicated altcoin mining GPUs. AMD did not respond to Motherboard's request for comment.
After a lot of research and settling on computing power, I was lucky enough to secure six new GPUs for my mining rig. This was toward the beginning of Ethereum's dizzy growth period last month, and a cursory scan shows that GPUs are even scarcer now. Indeed, the GPUs I had bought ended up selling out just hours after my purchase in early May.
With no end to the altcoin boom in sight, this GPU shortage is bad news for gamers, who will likely have to wait a while before they are able to easily get their hands on a decent, affordable graphics card.
Subscribe to Science Solved It , Motherboard's new show about the greatest mysteries that were solved by science.
New York City Police officers (NYPD) carry a protestor after making arrests for demonstrating in Trump Tower in New York City, U.S., April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York police on Thursday arrested 25 people in the lobby of Trump Tower protesting U.S. President Donald Trump's immigration and border policies.
The demonstrators who sat in front of the elevators and chanted “no ban, no raids, no wall!” led security forces to close public accesses to the president's signature property, a commercial and residential skyscraper where first lady Melania Trump and son Barron Trump stay while the president is in Washington.
As heavily armed police wearing ballistic vests stood guard blocking the entrances, other officers carried the protesters to police vans.
The building in the heart of the Fifth Avenue shopping district was also home to Trump's campaign and has been his primary residence for years. The lobby is open to the public, though security was tightened as the 2016 campaign progressed and he was elected president.
Charges were pending, a police said in a statement.
The demonstrators wore T-shirts with slogans such as “No wall,” in reference to Trump's proposal to build a wall on the southern border with Mexico, and “No raids,” referring to U.S. arrests of suspected undocumented immigrants.
“No ban” refers to Trump's executive orders seeking to restrict immigration from several Muslim-majority countries.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
In a Wednesday afternoon interview with PBS, Hillary Clinton announced that she is opposed to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal that was finalized just two days earlier. “As of today, I am not in favor of what I have learned about it,” she told Judy Woodruff. “I don't believe it is going to meet the high bar I have set.” Ad Policy
There will be endless analysis and chatter about how this impacts the Democratic presidential primary—but forget that for now. The real intrigue is how Clinton has impacted what's sure to be a close vote in Congress on the TPP next year, because from almost any angle, Clinton's position will make its passage much more difficult.
To fast-track trade legislation that Congress approved this summer was an obvious proxy for the TPP debate, and it passed the House with only a 10-vote margin. (The Senate margin was larger, and fast track lowered the threshold for TPP even further. For now, there isn't much danger the TPP will fail in the upper chamber.)
Twenty-eight Democrats were needed to get the legislation through the House, and about the same amount will be needed to pass the TPP—perhaps more, if Donald Trump and other GOP candidates continue to rail against the deal and move Republican support away from the pact.
Those 28 Democrats were already under serious pressure from unions and progressive activists not to support fast track, and the TPP vote will be even more intense. The vote will likely occur in early to mid-February, right after or during the primaries in Iowa in New Hampshire.
Whether it's Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders or Martin O'Malley winning those contests—or any combination thereof—that person will be against the trade deal. (If Joe Biden enters the race, it's not clear where he would stand.) That means the future leader of the party, whoever it is, will be telling Democratic voters the TPP is a bad bargain. THE NATION IS READER FUNDED. YOUR SUPPORT IS VITAL TO OUR WORK. DONATE NOW!
Moreover, Democratic primaries for House seats will also be underway. Potential primary challengers to the pro-TPP Democrats will spot an easy way to align themselves with Hillary Clinton (and Bernie Sanders), while leaving their incumbent foe on the other side.
This is a potent political mix, and not too many of the 28 pro–fast track Democrats need to get scared away to kill the TPP in the House.
To get Democrats across the line for fast track, President Obama made countless personal appeals to members. Some Democrats described it as the most intense congressional push of his presidency. Clinton's announcement also handicaps his ability to pull off the same feat for the TPP. There's a point in every election year where members of a party start worrying much more about their future leader, and much less about the person who will be a private citizen in a matter of months.
There will be endless analysis and chatter about whether Clinton is being genuine, given that she seemingly endorsed the TPP in the past, and whether her announcement was influenced by the strong opposition to the deal from Senator Bernie Sanders and former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley.
In a sense, none of that really matters—as a fundamentally routine matter of business, politicians align themselves with popular ideas and against unpopular ones, regardless of how they truly feel. (That's not to suggest Clinton hasn't changed her mind on the merits; perhaps she has.) What matters about Clinton's announcement is it's the clearest indicator yet the politics around the TPP are changing—and they're slipping away from the White House.
The term “the Greatest Generation” has been around for 20 years, but the members of that cohort—Americans who grew up in the Depression, fought World War II, won the space race and the Cold War—are now gone, or are going fast. And as they go, the temptation to mythologize them becomes harder and harder to resist. This is especially true, perhaps, for American Jews, who see in their grandparents certain virtues—of toughness, worldliness, practicality, and pride—that are in short supply among later, richer, and softer Jewish generations. Of course, the past always seems more authentic than the present. But there is no doubt that American Jews born in the 1920s had a harder destiny to cope with than Jews born in the 1950s or 1980s. (Whether this trajectory toward greater ease and acceptance will continue into the 21st century is, sadly, an open question.)
In Moonglow, his brilliantly imaginative and entertaining new novel, Michael Chabon has written his own tribute to his grandparents' generation. Chabon is a born teller of tall tales, with a gift for heightening. It makes sense that in his best-known book, The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay, he wrote a parable about the American Jewish invention of comic-book superheroes, because his own heroes are always about 50 percent larger than life. Indeed, one way to think of his books are as graphic novels in prose, in which hypervivid metaphors do the work of line and color. Such little bursts of verbal magic occur on virtually every page of Moonglow: “He reran the grainy kinescope of memory”; “one sometimes sensed a weird crackling around her, a scorching like dust on a solenoid”; “he switched off the Zeiss [telescope] of his imagination.” Chabon is so profligate with these conceits that his writing can seem antically clever, but that doesn't mean it is show-offy or insincere. On the contrary, like a good graphic novelist, he uses stylization and exaggeration to create the large emotional effects his story requires.
The story of Moonglow is primarily that of Chabon's maternal grandfather, referred to in the book always simply as “my grandfather.” The premise of the book is that on his deathbed, in 1989, his grandfather finally broke his lifelong habit of reticence and confided to Chabon the fantastic series of adventures that made up his life. These are the stories the novel retells, out of chronological order, and supplemented by Chabon's own childhood memories, as well as facts ostensibly discovered through later research and interviews. But the book's opening disclaimer makes clear that nothing we are about to read is to be taken as fact: “In preparing this memoir, I have stuck to facts except where facts refused to conform with memory, narrative purpose, or the truth as I prefer to understand it.” And at the end, in his acknowledgments, Chabon confirms that many of the people and organizations referred to in the course of the book do not actually exist.
What we are reading, then, is a novel in the form of a memoir—a fantasia on biographical themes from the Greatest Generation. This becomes clear when you start to count the number of legendary people and events making an appearance in the grandfather's story. On the first page, we learn that he was fired from a job as a salesman so that his place could be given to a disgraced and unemployable Alger Hiss, the accused Soviet spy. Later the grandfather is recruited for the OSS, the WWII-era precursor to the CIA, by the organization's founder, Wild Bill Donovan. And his mission in the European theater—tracking down information about the Nazis' rocket industry—gives him a lifelong obsession with Wernher von Braun, the German scientist who went on to become the father of the American space program. Toward the end of the book, the grandfather finally meets von Braun, under tragicomic circumstances.
These cameos by famous people give the book a picaresque quality, as if Chabon's grandfather were on a ramble through the 20th century. But he is no Candide, because he never had any illusions to lose. The earliest episode Chabon recounts is of his grandfather as a teenager, meeting up with a tubercular runaway prostitute who lives in a railroad switching yard. This is his first sexual experience, and it is a grim, horrible one, the overture to a life which will expose him to the worst of history and humanity. Before his story is over, Chabon's grandfather will have liberated a concentration camp, spent time in an American prison, and visited his wife in an insane asylum. Yet he will also have crucial experiences in the conventional precincts of American Jewry—he meets the two great loves of his life at a synagogue's Monte Carlo night and in a retirement community in Florida. This blending of extremity with banality is part of what gives Moonglow its air of being a fable or romance. Yet as Chabon reminds us, that incongruity was a fact of life for much of the WWII generation—especially for the men who saw indescribable horrors on the battlefield, and then came home to start families and buy houses in the suburbs.
At the heart of this 20th-century Jewish story, inevitably, is the Holocaust; among other things, Moonglow is a book about the way this trauma is passed down to the second and third generations. Some of the most powerful and moving writing in the book comes when Moonglow puts the grandfather's story on hold and adopts the perspective of the narrator himself as a child, trying to figure out the mysteries that his parents and grandparents are so dedicated to hiding from him. In one episode, the boy is terrified by the fancy French puppets his grandmother keeps in a box in the closet, and it doesn't take a Freudian to understand that, through the dolls, he has intuited something about the Old World terrors she is hiding.
As the story unfolds, we learn that the man Chabon calls his grandfather is not actually biologically related to him at all. When he met Chabon's grandmother, she had already borne the child who would become the novelist's (or, safer to say, the narrator's) mother. The grandmother, we learn, was a French Jew who became pregnant as a teenager and was sent off to a Carmelite convent, where she survived the German occupation in hiding. After the war, she made her way to Baltimore, where she cut an incongruously glamorous figure. She even had a career on local television as the host of a night-time horror program, in which she played a character called “the Night Witch.” It was at a Baltimore synagogue that she met the narrator's grandfather and fell in love with him—though the ladies of the shul had intended for her to marry the rabbi, who was the grandfather's brother.
For Chabon, having his grandmother play a witch on TV is just the kind of literal, exaggerated metaphor that he needs to convey her strange power. Indeed, she is just as witchlike in real life, entertaining her young grandson by telling tales based on a Tarot deck. These stories give the narrator his earliest sense of his grandmother's uncanniness: “I liked the way my grandmother told a story, but the characters who emerged from her witch's deck unsettled and frightened me, and the fates that befell them were dark.”
What he does not yet know, but what the reader will learn over the course of the novel, is that his grandmother is afflicted by a terrifying mental illness, which takes the form of hallucinations involving a sexualized figure she calls the Skinless Horse. Here again, Chabon makes the abstract highly literal—you can imagine the Skinless Horse as a comic-book supervillain—in effect trading psychological complexity for narrative power. Chabon builds the suspense surrounding the grandmother: Just how bad is her insanity going to get? What is its connection to her experiences as a young mother during WWII? Is she telling the whole truth about her past? Does anyone?
Moonglow provides its own answer to that question. We can't grasp the past simply by knowing it accurately; the facts do not capture either the fullness of a life as it is lived or the mythic power it gains when it is recounted. Like the moon, we see the past from a great distance, through a transfiguring light. Yet the grandfather spent much of his career working on rocketry and dreaming of a moon landing; and as we know, in the end, humanity did get there. This novel is Chabon's Apollo mission to the past, launched with the same combination of ingenuity, dedication, and wonder.
***
To read more of Adam Kirsch's book reviews for Tablet magazine, click here.
Adam Kirsch is a poet and literary critic, whose books include The People and the Books: 18 Classics of Jewish Literature.
In a decision issued in Commonwealth v Childs on July 19, 2016 relating to the retroactive effect of Pennsylvania's Stand Your Ground law (HB40 of 2011), the Pennsylvania Supreme Court acknowledged that the Castle Doctrine is an inherent right, dating back to biblical times, and that the Right existed in common law, long before being codified as part of our Stand Your Ground law in 2011.
Specifically, the Court declared:
When this Court addressed the castle doctrine in 1952, we explained that it “has always been recognized as the law in this State” and that the castle doctrine's acceptance is “universal.” Commonwealth v. Fraser, 85 A.2d 126,128 (Pa. 1952).
The Court went on to explain:
Although the castle doctrine has existed at common law in this Commonwealth essentially since its founding, it was not codified in Pennsylvania until 1972, with the enactment of 18 Pa.C.S.A. § 505. In enacting section 505, the legislature sought “to codify existing case law pertaining to ‘self-defense' and to cover in a single rule the law governing the use of defensive force.” 18 Pa.C.S.A. § 505 (amended June 28, 2011).
I must admit that it is refreshing to see such a decision which was not decided along party lines and acknowledges inalienable rights.
While the Court did not address whether Stand Your Ground is an inalienable Right, I was previously published in Volume 27, Issue 1, of the St. Thomas Law Review on The Inalienable Right to Stand Your Ground. Hopefully, in the future, we'll see the Pennsylvania Supreme Court acknowledge that Stand Your Ground is an inalienable Right.
I'm very pleased to announce that The Mane Land has partnered with Orlando City fan Michael Booth, a local film and television producer to bring you UpRoar, the first in what we hope to be a series of video features. UpRoar is professionally shot on a single camera with our "studio segment" sort of loosely mimicking the style of ESPN's Around the Horn, bringing you our takes on Orlando City SC.
We've been working on this show for about a month and a half, working around Michael's very busy schedule. Our own Austin David has spent more than 90 hours editing our raw footage, piecing together the features, adding graphics and music, and more. I really can't say enough about the job Austin has done with this in his spare time and if you enjoy this first installment of UpRoar you have Austin (and Michael Booth) to thank.
So, why should you click on the play button and watch?
Mane Land staffers Andrew Marcinko, Andrew Harrison and Austin David join me to talk about how Orlando City's preseason went and what our takeaways are entering the team's inaugural MLS season tomorrow. We feature how supporters groups The Ruckus and Iron Lion Firm are coming together at the Citrus Bowl this year to create "The Wall."
Also, Louisville City FC correspondent Jeff Milby joins us "via satellite" (i.e. Skype) to give us the 411 on Orlando's USL affiliate, and we take a look at the great work being done by Kay Rawlins and the Orlando City Foundation. Finally, we talk a little bit about what the left side does (or should) look like and we make our predictions for tomorrow's opener against New York City FC.
Here's how it went down:
0:00- We kick it off with a roundtable discussion of the back line, Kaká and Kevin Molino and other thoughts from preseason.
7:48- A look at how The Ruckus and Iron Lion Firm are coming together to form "The Wall."
10:54- We check in with our Louisville City FC correspondent Jeff Milby to get the latest from Kentucky.
18:40- How the Orlando City Foundation is helping the Central Florida community.
21:09- Brek Shea or Luke Boden at left back? Plus, our predictions for opening day.
To summarize, we tried to cover all aspects of the club: the players, fans, our USL affiliate and the club's work in the community.
We'd love to get your feedback on this first episode so that when we do more of these (knock on wood), we know where we can improve the show for you. You can leave that feedback in the comments section below.
Finally, as a website, we'd like to thank many who made this possible, including:
Orlando City SC
Kay Rawlins
Orlando City Foundation
Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer
Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs
The Ruckus
Iron Lion Firm
Louisville City FC
Charleston Battery
U.S. Soccer
We really couldn't be any happier with how this first episode turned out. Again, big thanks to Michael Booth and Austin David, and thanks to Andrew Harrison for providing our location for this first episode.
UpRoar is finally here. We hope to bring it back again soon. Enjoy.
In previous posts I talked about the mass surveillance by the NSA and GCHQ, and also posted an excellent video that explains about the threat to privacy in the modern age on the internet. If you are worried about privacy on the internet then there are many tools out there that can help you. I thought I would list a few of them here. Some of the tools are free, and some are not.
Tor Browser Bundle
First up is the Tor Browser Bundle. This is a modified Firefox web browser that is aimed at making your web browsing anonymous. By this I mean that no one can trace what sites you are visiting. It does this by redirecting your browser traffic through thousands of other relays.
This does make your browsing experience a lot slower, but that's the price you pay for anonymity. Here is their official blurb.
The Tor software protects you by bouncing your communications around a distributed network of relays runs by volunteers all around the world: it prevents somebody watching your Internet connection from learning what sites you visit, it prevents the sites you visit from learning your physical location, and it lets you access sites which are blocked. The Tor Browser Bundle lets you use Tor on Windows, Mac OS X, or Linux without needing to install any software. It can run off a USB flash drive, comes with a pre-configured web browser to protect your anonymity, and is self-contained.
Tails Linux Distribution
Next up is the Tails Linux Distribution. This is a version of the Linux operating system that has been made easy to run as a live disk from a USB stick or SD card. This means you can just pop it into a PC and book straight off of it. Tails also comes pre-installed with the Tor Browser bundle.
Here is the description from the Tails site.
Tails is a live system that aims to preserve your privacy and anonymity. It helps you to use the Internet anonymously and circumvent censorship almost anywhere you go and on any computer but leaving no trace unless you ask it to explicitly. It is a complete operating system designed to be used from a DVD, USB stick, or SD card independently of the computer's original operating system.
GNU PGP
GNPG is an free open source implementation of the popular OpenPGP standard. PGP is an encryption and key management scheme that allows you to safely encrypt and sign your data.
There is a commercial version of PGP available, but it is now owned by Symantec, and judging by previous example of their software it is most likely buggy and not very good as well as overpriced. GnuPG is a better choice in my mind as it is open source and the code has been vetted by many developers around the world.
Here is the info from the GnuPG Site.
GnuPG is the GNU project's complete and free implementation of the OpenPGP standard as defined by RFC4880. GnuPG allows encrypting and sign your data and communication, features a versatile key management system as well as access modules for all kinds of public key directories. GnuPG, also known as GPG, is a command line tool with features for easy integration with other applications. A wealth of frontend applications and libraries are available.
True Crypt
If you want to ensure that all the files on your machine are safe from prying eyes, then you can encrypt you entire hard drive which means if your laptop gets stolen, you can be fairly safe that no one can access your files provided you have chosen a decent strength password. There are a number of tools out there for doing this both paid and free, but TrueCrypt is a tool that is highly regarded.
Here is the description from their site.
Main features are – Creates a virtual encrypted disk within a file and mounts it as a real disk. Encrypts an entire partition or storage device such as USB flash drive or hard drive. Encrypts a partition or drive where Windows is installed (pre-boot authentication). Encryption is automatic, real-time (on-the-fly) and transparent. Parallelization and pipelining allow data to be read and written as fast as if the drive was not encrypted. Encryption can be hardware-accelerated on modern processors. Provides plausible deniability, in case an adversary forces you to reveal the password: Hidden volume (steganography) and hidden operating system.
SafePad
SafePad is a tool I developed. It is a replacement for Note Pad in windows that uses strong AES Encryption to secure your documents. The strength is based on 2 passwords.Using these 2 passwords, your data is encrypted 3 times with AES256. This tool is free and open source. It is useful for storing password to other sites and any other sensitive information that you want to keep private. I am currently working on the next version of this tool.
Here is the main product description.
Safe Pad is a simple text editor with a difference. When you save your document strong encryption is used to protect your file. Safe Pad uses AES256 to triple encrypt your document. This triple encryption is based on the strength of 2 passwords giving you an effective key strength of 512bits. Safe Pad is ideal for storing sensitive information that you do not want anyone else to be able to access, like passwords, credit card details, license keys, or any other secret information. Safe Pad works like a standard text editor and allows you to do basic formatting and picture inserting just as you would do an any word processor. You can even paste information from programs like Microsoft Word.
Silent Circle
If you want to make private voice and video calls from your mobile phone or tablet, and don't want to rely on Skype (especially as it is reported that the security may have weakened) then there are a number of options. The first one is Silent Circle. This is a secure voice communications system that relies on peer to peer encryption to protect your call privacy. This company is run by Phil Zimmermann who invented PGP. This is not a free product, but also it is not that expensive.
Here is the description from their site.
When a Silent Circle subscriber makes a phone call, sends a text or video chats with another Silent Circle member, that transmission is secured and encrypted end-to-end from their iPhone, Android device, iPad or Windows computer on our crystal-clear secure network. Silent Phone subscribers can add Out-Circle Access for an additional monthly fee, to call people without a subscription in the US, Canada, or Puerto Rico. These calls are secured from the Silent Phone subscriber's device to our servers, and are then routed via PSTN local carrier services to the non-Silent Circle device like any regular phone call.
Unseen.is
There is another alternative to Silent Circle that you can use called Unseen.is. This is a similar to silent circle in that it will encrypt text, voice, and video.
Unseen.IS comes in 2 versions, a free version and a version that costs $49 a year. Here is the description from their site.
We offer secure and private communications for consumers and businesses. Our service replaces insecure applications like email and Skype® with a state-of-the-art web site, mobile apps and desktop clients that all work together to help you securely communicate wherever you are. Our powerful encryption combined with secure infrastructure will protect your valuable communications. We're based in Iceland because they will protect your human rights with their very strong data privacy laws. Get started with a FREE account now.
Integral Crypto 197 Flash Drive with AES Hardware Encryption
The final tool I want to mention is a small piece of hardware. It is the Integral Crypto 197 Flash Drive with AES Hardware Encryption. This is a standard USB flash drive, but it allows you to encrypt the content with FIPS 197 compliant AES encryption. This tool is a must if you need to carry data around with you.
Here is the product Description
The Integral Crypto Drive offers AES 256-bit hardware encryption. FIPS 197 approved.;Military Level Security – AES 256 bit hardware encryption. Mandatory encryption of all files (100% privacy);FIPS 197 Approved – Certificate No. 1137 ;Secure Entry – Data cannot be accessed or removed without the correct high strength 6-16 character password;Brute-force Password Attack Protection – Data will be automatically erased after 6 failed access attempts and Drive reset;Personal ID Function (optional) – Contact details can be added so that Drive can be returned, whilst confidential data remains secure;Zero Footprint – No software installation required;Rugged Waterproof* Design – Steel inner casing and rubberised outer casing, designed to protect the data if dropped, crushed, submerged in water, or subjected to break-in;Easy To Use – Pre-loaded user interface in 24 languages.
You can buy these Flash Drives from Amazon.
Amazon.co.uk
8 Gig Flash Drive
16 Gig Flash Drive
32 Gig Flash Drive
Amazon.com
8 Gig Flash Drive
16 Gig Flash Drive
32 Gig Flash Drive
Summary
I have covered a number of popular tools for helping you maintain privacy and anonymity on the internet. This isn't an exhaustive list by any means. If there are some other privacy tools that you recommend, then please post links to them in the comments on this page and I will amend the post so that it becomes a useful resource and index of tools.
Advertisements
On the heels of the serious explosions January 24th at Domodedovo airport in Moscow that killed 39 people and injured 178 more, Russian security services have released strange details of a failed New Years Eve plot to detonate an explosive in Red Square on New Year's Eve.
An unnamed woman, described as a 'black widow', was set to detonate a belt of explosives in Red Square when instead the explosive went off early inside the safe house she was in. The bomb, like a number of homemade explosives used by militants or terrorists around the globe, was set to be triggered via a cell phone signal, specifically a text message.
Nyet vkhod by Maarten Dirkse, CC 3.0
According to a report by The Daily Telegraph, a text message wishing her a "Happy New Year" was sent to this woman by her mobile phone provider, causing the connected explosive device to detonate.
The term 'black widow' is used by the security agencies among others to describe the wives of slain militants from the Caucasus who have been identified as responsible for previous attacks including dual explosions in March of last year in Moscow's metro system. Reports also indicate that a black widow bomber was identified as part of the plot against Domodedovo airport, a witness reported seeing a woman dressed in black with a hand bag next to her that exploded. Also called Shahidka, these suicide bomb attackers are primarily young Islamic Chechen women.
The airport attacks earlier this month is not the first for the Domodedovo airport, in August of 2004 a pair of Chechen women destroyed two planes killing 90 people. In response to that, a number of security measures were instituted including one of the first uses of the controversial full body scanners more recently installed in U.S. airports. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev suggested that while the appropriate controls were in place in response to the 2004 attack, they had grown lax over time allowing the attack earlier this month.
This is of course a common problem faced by physical and information security personnel alike: as the memories of an incident, large or small, fade from view, keeping the funding for and resource investment in appropriate controls to prevent a similar disaster becomes increasingly difficult.
If this New Year's Eve attack was successful, the death toll in Red Square could have been in the hundreds.
The Senate Committee on Homeland Security is now taking your calls on Steve Bannon's appointment to the National Security Council.
The Southern Poverty Law Center reported last night that the Committee is tallying calls and emails. Here is all the information you need to contact the Committee.
The NSC is the most important security body in the White House, and no political operative - especially not this one - should have so much sway over the most important decisions impacting our domestic security and military policy.
Main Number: 202-224-4751
Call and express your opposition to Bannon's appointment to the NSC. If you're not sure what to say, here are some reasons to oppose the decision.
If the mailbox is full, try again in a few hours. They empty the mailbox every day at noon EST (9:00 am PST) and every night. There's no limit to how often you can call.
Main Email: email the committee using this form
Committee Members: here are all 15 members of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and how to contact them directly. Just one call makes a difference and it takes less than 5 minutes.
Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) - Chairman
Claire McCaskil (D-Mo.) - Ranking Member
John McCain (R-Az.)
Rob Portman (R-Oh.)
Thomas R. Carper (D-De.)
Jon Tester (D-Mt.)
Rand Paul (R-Ky.)
James Lankford (R-Ok.)
Heidi Heitkamp (D-Nd.)
Gary C. Peters (D-Mi.)
Michael B. Enzi (R-Wy.)
John Hoeven (R-Nd.)
Margaret Hassan (D-Nh.)
Kamala Harris (D-Ca.)
Direct: 916-448 - 2787
DC: 202-224-3553
Email
Lawrence was born on October 1, 1781, in Burlington, New Jersey but raised in Woodbury, New Jersey, the son of John and Martha (Tallman) Lawrence. His mother died when he was an infant and his Loyalist father fled to Canada during the American Revolution, leaving his half-sister to care for the infant. Though Lawrence studied law, he entered the United States Navy as a midshipman in 1798.
During the Quasi-War with France, he served on USS Ganges and the frigate USS Adams in the Caribbean. He was commissioned a lieutenant on April 6, 1802, and served aboard USS Enterprise in the Mediterranean, taking part in a successful attack on enemy craft on 2 June 1803.
In February 1804, he was second in command during the expedition to destroy the captured frigate USS Philadelphia. Later in the conflict he commanded Enterprise and a gunboat in battles with the Tripolitans. He was also First Lieutenant of the frigate Adams and, in 1805, commanded the small Gunboat No. 6 during a voyage across the Atlantic to North Africa.
Although Gunboats No. 2 through 10 (minus No. 7) arrived in the Mediterranean too late to see action, they remained there with Commodore Rodgers's squadron until summer 1806, at which time they sailed back to the United States. On 12 June 1805, Gunboat No. 6 encountered a Royal Navy vessel that impressed three seamen.[3][4]
Subsequently, Lieutenant Lawrence commanded the warships USS Vixen, USS Wasp and USS Argus. In 1810, he also took part in trials of an experimental spar torpedo.[citation needed] Promoted to the rank of Master Commandant in November 1810, he took command of the sloop of war USS Hornet a year later and sailed her to Europe on a diplomatic mission. From the beginning of the War of 1812, Lawrence and Hornet cruised actively, capturing the privateer Dolphin in July 1812. Later in the year Hornet blockaded the British sloop HMS Bonne Citoyenne at Bahia, Brazil, and on 24 February 1813 captured HMS Peacock.
Artist representation of the "Don't Give Up the Ship" moment
Upon his return to the United States in March, Lawrence learned of his promotion to Captain. Two months later he took command of the frigate Chesapeake, then preparing for sea at Boston. He left port on 1 June 1813 and immediately engaged the blockading Royal Navy frigate Shannon in a fierce battle. Although slightly smaller, the British ship disabled Chesapeake with gunfire within the first few minutes. Captain Lawrence, mortally wounded by small arms fire, ordered his officers, "Don't give up the ship. Fight her till she sinks."[5] Or "Tell them to fire faster; don't give up the ship."[1] Men carried him below, and his crew was overwhelmed by a British boarding party shortly afterward. James Lawrence died of his wounds on 4 June 1813, while his captors directed Chesapeake to Halifax, Nova Scotia.
After Lawrence's death was reported to his friend and fellow officer Oliver Hazard Perry, he ordered a large blue battle ensign, stitched with the phrase "DONT GIVE UP THE SHIP" [sic] in bold white letters. The Perry Flag was displayed on his flagship during a victorious engagement against the British on Lake Erie in September 1813. The original flag is displayed in the Naval Academy Museum and a replica is displayed in Memorial Hall at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. A replica is also on view at Perry's Victory and International Peace Memorial, on South Bass Island, Ohio.[1]
Lawrence was buried with military honors at present-day CFB Halifax, Nova Scotia, but reinterred at Trinity Church Cemetery in New York City. He was survived by his wife, Julia (Montaudevert) Lawrence, who lived until 1865, and their two-year-old daughter, Mary Neill Lawrence. In 1838 Mary married a Navy officer, Lt. William Preston Griffin.
On July 4, 1813, Lawrence was posthumously elected to membership in the New York Society of the Cincinnati.[6]
Link to Wikipedia article on “Edward L. Kimball”
Link to the Deseret News article on Edward Lawrence Kimball's death (source of the photo above)
Other than the fictional Clark Kent, my Dad is the only person who has ever made me think spontaneously of the adjective “mild-mannered.” My Mother explained why my Dad took almost no part in disciplining his children, by saying he was too much of a marshmallow. But in intellectual matters, my Dad had a spine of steel. He was not willing to say anything he did not believe, and he was not willing to believe anything he did not think through.
My Dad had an unwavering belief in a universe that makes sense. He rejected the idea that the universe is dead set against us. And while he recognized that people sometimes do terrible things, he always started with the assumption that people would act reasonably if not needlessly antagonized.
My Dad was an example of putting loyalty to the truth first and foremost, without neglecting other loyalties. He could do both because he knew the limits of his own knowledge, and gave people the benefit of the doubt. And because of both that intellectual humility and his tendency to give people the benefit of the doubt, he didn't turn away by even a hair's breadth from his friends and relatives whose views differed from his.
My Dad knew well the complexity of Mormon history, but he believed in Mormonism until his last breath. In his last four years, after my Mother died, I had many conversations with my Dad about religion. He was genuinely curious about my beliefs and had me read to him many of my religion posts and Unitarian-Universalist sermons. In our discussions he homed in on the common threads in my beliefs and his.
My Dad, like my Mother, was ambitious for his children. But neither of my parents ever pushed me in a particular career direction. And at moments when I had some success, my Dad made a point of reminding me it was more important to be good than to be successful.
When my Dad was 56 years old, and his Mother followed his Dad in death, he spoke of himself as an orphan. In that same sense, at the age of 56, I am now an orphan. And the world, too, has lost a man it could ill afford to lose.
In the Plasma team, we're working frantically towards the next release of the Plasma workspaces, code-named “Plasma Next”. With the architectural work well in place, we've been filling in missing bits and pieces in the past months, and are now really close to the intended feature set for the first stable release. A good time to give you an impression of what it's looking like right now. Keep in mind that we're talking Alpha software here, and that we still have almost three months to iron out problems. I'm sure you'll be able to observe something broken, but also something new and shiny.
For the first stable release of Plasma Next, we decided to focus on core functionality. It's impossible to get every single feature that's available in our long-term support release KDE Plasma workspaces 4.11 into Plasma Next at once. We therefore decided to not spread ourselves too thin, and set aside some not-quite-core functionality for now. So we're not aiming at complete feature parity yet, but at a stable core desktop that gets the work done, even if it doesn't have all the bells and whistles that some of our users might be used to, yet.
)
Apart from “quite boring”, underlying “system stuff”, we've also worked on the visuals. In the video, you can see an improved contrast in Plasma popups, effects in kwin have been polished up to make the desktop feel snappier. We've started the work on a new Plasma theme, that will sport a flatter look with more pronounced typography than the venerable Air, and animations can now be globally disabled, so the whole thing runs more efficiently on systems with slow painting performance, for example across a network. These are only some of the changes, there are many more, visible and invisible.
We're not quite done yet, but we have moved our focus from feature development to bugfixing, the results of that are very visible if you follow the development closely. Annoying problems are being fixed every day, and at this rate of development, I think we're looking at a very shiny first stable release. Between today and that unicorn-dances-on-rainbows release lie almost three months of hard work, though, and that's what we'll do. While the whole thing already runs very smooth on my computers, we still have a lot of work to do in the integration department, and to translate this stability to the general case. Systems out there are diverse and different, and only wide-spread testing can help us make the experience a good one for everybody.
Workaholics, take it easy. New research from the University of College London suggests long hours may lead to major depressive episodes.
PROBLEM: Though we know mental disorders often lead to substantial work impairment and absenteeism, the reverse is more complicated: It's still unclear if and how long work hours are tied to a person's risk of major depression.
METHODOLOGY: Researchers led by epidemiologist Marianna Virtanen of the University College London asked 2,123 middle-aged British civil servants about their work habits and monitored them for an average of 5.8 years for indications of major depression. In their analysis, they accounted for various possible confounders, including socio-demographics, lifestyle, and work-related factors.
RESULTS: The scientists found a robust correlation between overtime work hours and major depressive episodes. More precisely, participants who worked 11 or more hours a day were twice as likely to be depressed compared to those who limited their time at work to seven or eight hours a day.
CONCLUSION: Excessive work hours are associated with an increased risk of major depression.
SOURCE: The full study, "Overtime Work as a Predictor of Major Depressive Episode: A 5-Year Follow-Up of the Whitehall II Study," is published in the journal PLoS ONE.
Image: Kuzma/Shutterstock.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
President Donald Trump tweeted that he is 'working hard' to bring the Olympics to Los Angeles, as L.A. mayor Eric Garcetti and French President Emmanuel Macron pitched plans to host the games.
'Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!' Trump tweeted Tuesday morning, when he also shot out missives about health care, a Marine plane crash, ISIS, and presidential nominations.
Trump's tweet game after Garcetti and Macron – who Trump is to meet this week when he flies to Paris for Bastille Day – spoke about a possible deal that would make both winners of upcoming summer games.
Scroll down for video
President Donald Trump tweeted that he is 'working hard' to bring the Olympics to Los Angeles, as L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti and French President Emmanuel Macron make pitches to bring the games to L.A. and Paris
They International Olympic Committee votes later Tuesday on the coveted hosting rights, following spiraling costs at Olympics hosted in Sochi and Rio.
In 2009, President Barack Obama made a high-profile and unsuccessful effort to bring the games to Chicago, jetting to Copenhagen and deploying First Lady Michelle Obama in the lobbying effort to win Olympic glory for his home town.
On his return, Obama said without regret that it is 'always a worthwhile endeavor to promote and boost the United States.'
'One of the things that I think is most valuable about sports is that you can play a great game and still not win,' Obama said at the time.
Los Angeles and Paris both used 45 minutes of videos and speeches to a closed-door session with International Olympic Committee members to explain how they would host the 2024 Olympics.
French President Emmanuel Macron, arrives for a press conference after the presentation of Paris 2024 Candidate City Briefing for International Olympic Committee (IOC) Members, at the SwissTech Convention Centre, in Lausanne, Switzerland, Tuesday, July 11, 2017. (Jean-Christophe Bott/Keystone via AP)
Eric Garcetti Mayor of Los Angeles, gestures as he arrives for the presentation of Los Angeles 2024 Candidate City Briefing for International Olympic Committee (IOC) Members, at the SwissTech Convention Centre, in Lausanne, Switzerland, Tuesday, July 11, 2017
LONDON, ENGLAND - JULY 27: Fireworks ignite over the Olympic Stadium during the Opening Ceremony for the London 2012 Olympic Games on July 27, 2012 at Olympic Park in London, England
French President Emmanuel Macron (C) arrives flanked by Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo (L) and Paris 2024 Olympic bid co-president Tony Estanguet (R), prior to present the Paris 2024 bid before members of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) on July 11, 2017 in Lausanne. The International Olympic Committee is poised to hand the 2024 and 2028 Summer Games to Paris and Los Angeles on July 11 with a landmark double hosting deal set to be approved
International Olympic Committee, IOC, President Thomas Bach, 2nd left, from Germany welcomes Tony Estanguet, Co-president of Paris 2024, 3rd left, and French President Emmanuel Macron and other members of the Paris 2024 delegation during the presentation of Paris 2024 Candidate City Briefing for International Olympic Committee (IOC) Members, at the SwissTech Convention Centre, in Lausanne, Switzerland, Tuesday, July 11, 2017
That will likely need IOC leaders to broker a consensus deal within weeks in talks which start with Paris widely seen as the 2024 favorite.
'We look forward to working together maybe not in competition but collaboration with Paris,' Garcetti said at a news conference after his city's bid officials opened the campaign event.
Garcetti and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo have long touted their good working relations on other issues such as climate change.
A recent report on ESPN.com cast the dual-win scenario as the culmination of a tireless process put forward by Garcetti and Hidalgo.
'Usually you have five plazas around the world, four crying and one celebrating,' Garcetti told the sports network in June. 'This is going to be a slow dual win. The IOC will make an announcement that they are going to move forward with dual bids and then we will know we've won. Both of us.'
President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama arrive for Chicago's final bid presentation at the Bella Center in Copenhagen, Denmark, Friday, October 2, 2009, for selection as the host city for the 2016 Summer Olympic Games
Standing in front of a backdrop of the Chicago skyline, US first lady Michelle Obama speaks in support of Chicago hosting the 2016 Summer Olympics, on September 30, 2009, in Copenhagen. Michelle Obama joined the Chicago 2016 bid team competing with Tokyo, Madrid, and Rio de Janeiro for the right to host the 2016 Summer Olympic Games
According to the report, 'It has been a bid campaign like no other, featuring two forceful, dynamic personalities 5,642 miles apart: Garcetti, fueled by a lifelong desire to bring the Games back to his hometown, and Hidalgo, a late convert who now sees the event as a way to throttle up positive change. Both have made themselves indispensable in lobbying other politicians, the public and Olympic sports officials.'
'We are all at the disposition and by the side of the IOC which was right to ask itself this question,' Hidaldo said at the Paris news conference, citing her friendship with Garcetti as potentially a 'key element' to reaching an agreement.
The dual award can give the IOC a decade of stability with two world-class cities touting financially secure bids with, in LA's case, zero risk of white elephant venues. This follows years of overspending by Olympic hosts and political defeats to sink potential candidates.
RIO DE JANEIRO, BRAZIL - JUNE 08: Workers stand at an entrance to the Olympic Park construction site on June 8, 2015 in the Barra da Tijuca neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Approximately 90 percent of residents of the nearby Vila Autodromo 'favela' community moved out after receiving compensation for their properties which are located directly adjacent to the park being built for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games
Eric Garcetti Mayor of Los Angeles, left, and Casey Wasserman chairman of Los Angeles 2024, right, high fived during a press conference after the presentation of Los Angeles 2024 Candidate City Briefing for International Olympic Committee (IOC) Members, at the SwissTech Convention Centre, in Lausanne, Switzerland, Tuesday, July 11, 2017. (Valentin Flauraud/Keystone via AP)
The win-win option also guards against a 2024 loser refusing to bid again for 2028m and avoids inflicting a third recent defeat on Paris - which lost with bids for the 2008 and 2012 Olympics - and the United States. New York and Chicago both lost heavily for 2012 and 2016, respectively. Paris also failed with a 1992 bid.
'We lost three times, we don't want to lose a fourth one,' Macron said. 'I'm here to convey the message that there's a strong unity to back this candidacy.'
Garcetti said the Olympic movement 'can't afford to lose the United States.'
'Both of us will find it more and more difficult to convince cities - whether it's Paris, Los Angeles or other American cities - to really go into this process if one of us gets turned down,' the mayor said.
Still, it could be a 2028 Olympics in LA that will be the first American-hosted games since 1996 in Atlanta.
The Los Angeles 2024 delegation attend the presentation of Los Angeles 2024 Candidate City Briefing for International Olympic Committee (IOC) Members, with, from left, Candace Cable, Director of Paralympic and Disability Engagement Los Angeles 2024, Anita DeFrantz, IOC Member and Senior Advisor for Legacy of Los Angeles 2024, Casey Wasserman, Chairman of Los Angeles 2024, Larry Probst, IOC member and Chairman of the United States Olympic Committee USOC, Janet Evans, Vice Chairperson and Director of Athlete Relations of Los Angeles 2024, Gene Sykes, Chief Executive Officer of Los Angeles 2024, Doug Arnot, Sport Director of Los Angeles 2024, Angela Ruggiero, US IOC Member and Chair of the International Olympic Committee, Allyson Felix, US Sprinter, and Eric Garcetti, Mayor of Los Angeles at the SwissTech Convention Centre, in Lausanne, Switzerland, Tuesday, July 11, 2017
IOC President Thomas Bach Bach has said the idea of a double award was presented to him at a lunch last year by friends whom he declined to identify in a recent interview with French sports daily L'Equipe.
The LA bid team declined to comment Tuesday whether the suggestion came from its supporters.
'He (Bach) has good friends who gave him good advice,' LA bid chairman Casey Wasserman said.
If Tuesday's vote passes as expected, the Bach-chaired IOC executive board could be empowered to broker a future deal on picking the 2024 host ahead of a Sept. 13 meeting in Lima, Peru.
H/T:
More footage from the incredible Anders Osborne and Jackie Greene at the Cap a couple of nights ago has footage. Anders and Jackie jammed through some originals and a killer Grateful Dead cover The new footage is of Anders and Jackie starting off with a head banging version of the Anders Osborne original “Love is Taking It's Toll” from 2010. The rocker dissolves into a jam that climaxes with a final verse of “Love is Taking It's Toll” and then they slip back into a groovy jam that transforms into a funky “Knockin' On Heaven's Door.” Fair warning: this isn't your daddy's “Knocking on Heaven's Door.”This is an act that is definitely road-worthy. Here's hoping to more Jackie and Anders shows in the future!Thanks to btragal for the great footage!
Can't go to Rio? Forced to call Australia home during the World Cup? Then you might consider the Copa - Copacabana, that is - for your taste of soccer celebrations, Brazilian-style.
Melbourne is careering into full-blown World Cup fever ahead of the opening ceremony in the wee hours of Friday morning, and the Brazilian community is leading the festive charge.
Copacabana staff Romeo Omar and Luciana Reboucas. Credit:Angela Wylie
Melburnians not making the pilgrimage to South America can experience the flavours of the greatest show on earth at local restaurants, bars, clubs and pubs.
But while the local hospitality and entertainment scene has risen to the challenge - offering myriad ways to see the matches live - Melbourne will be without a free outdoor hub to watch the World Cup.
51 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
The SVVR Meetup in Mountain View, CA is getting an early gift this year: Oculus is bringing their latest ‘Crescent Bay' Rift prototype to the organization's Holiday Party on December 11th, one of the first opportunities for the public to try the unit. The Holiday Party event also features a lineup of presentations, including the delivery of the first production-ready STEM system which will be given by Sixense to SVVR.
If you live in the Silicon Valley region and haven't yet attended an SVVR Meetup, there's never been a better time to do so. The organization has played host to 15 such gatherings to date, and is seen as a model for virtual reality community gatherings around the world. And now, the SVVR Holiday Party event will provide an opportunity to see Oculus' latest ‘Crescent Bay' prototype on December 11th. SVVR was also one of the first places that the public could see Sony's Morpheus VR headset.
Oculus revealed the Crescent Bay prototype at their inaugural ‘Connect' developer event in September. The unit has an improved display, optics, and ergonomics, as well as 360 degree positional tracking and integrated headphones. Echoed by others who have had a chance to try the new prototype, our own experience with Crescent Bay left us thoroughly impressed.
See Also: First Hands-on – Oculus Rift Crescent Bay is Incredible
“This has been such a special year for our community and for the VR ecosystem as a whole, so SVVR is going big for our final event of 2014,” SVVR founder Karl Krantz told me.
The organization's Holiday Party event will also feature four presentations, including the handoff of the very first production-ready STEM motion controller unit from creator Sixense to SVVR. STEM has been in development since the company ran a successful crowdfunding campaign last year.
The presentation lineup follows:
Ethereon – Tony Davidson (Innervision)
Ethereon is a highly immersive virtual adventure filled with novel, puzzle-based interactions that are designed to take full advantage of the upcoming VR revolution. Now on Kickstarter. SEEBRIGHT – John Murray (CTO) & Simon Solotko (CMO)
Augmented reality is set to evolve. Coming soon to Kickstarter, Seebright has developed wide field of view display technology for mobile virtual and augmented reality. Seebright is located in Santa Cruz and Palo Alto, California. VR Chat – Jesse Joudrey & Graham Gaylor
Jesse & Graham will be explored some of how users are using VRChat to build the experiences they want, as well as give a preview of what our 2.0 SDK will be able to do when it's released early next year. Sixense – Amir Rubin
Sixense is very pleased to take the opportunity of SVVR's 2014 Holiday Party to provide everyone with an update on their production schedule and upcoming release dates, their current status and plans for mobile support, and, most importantly, to commemorate the release of the STEM System by presenting unit #001/100 to SVVR.
A series of virtual reality demos will also be available. If you've got something cool to show, SVVR's Open Demo Policy encourages you to bring it along:
If you have an interesting VR hardware or software project to show off, bring it along for the open demo portion of the event. We provide tables & power. You are welcome to show off your own projects, or to share your favorite demos or applications.
The SVVR Holiday Party event will be held from 6:30 PM to 10 PM on December 11th at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, CA. Tickets cost $10 and refreshments will be served.
SVVR is made possible thanks to Gold Sponsors Seebright, Sixense, AltspaceVR, and Technical Illusions (Cast AR), and Silver Sponsors Looksery, Jaunt VR , and Nimble VR.
Seven years after 9/11 and there are starting to be signs that America is finally emerging from 9/11 hysteria. Maybe it's the time gone by, maybe it's the incredibly expensive (and failed) war on terror, maybe 9/11 is finally being put in perspective by a vastly bigger problem, the economic meltdown. 9/11 was a hell of a thing, like everyone I was mortified when I turned on the TV that day. However, within days, if not hours, I was more mortified by America's reaction to it. By the next day I was pretty sure that the response to 9/11 was going to be vastly more expensive and counter-productive than the failed war on drugs. And sadly, if anything, I underestimated just how expensive and counter-productive the so-called “war on terror” was going to be. At least I wasn't the only one who felt the same way, but public voices speaking rationally were few and far between those days. Susan Sontag was one of the few not jumping on the Islamofascist hysteria bandwagon, she said it better than I could have:
“The disconnect between last Tuesday's monstrous dose of reality and the self-righteous drivel and outright deceptions being peddled by public figures and TV commentators is startling, depressing. The voices licensed to follow the event seem to have joined together in a campaign to infantilize the public. Where is the acknowledgement that this was not a ‘cowardly' attack on ‘civilization' or ‘liberty' or ‘humanity' or ‘the free world' but an attack on the world's self-proclaimed superpower, undertaken as a consequence of specific American alliances and actions?”
I was pretty much afraid to speak my mind in the months following 9/11. That was far more scary to me than the fantasy threat posed by Osama Bin Laden, I knew the chances of another attack like 9/11 was basically zero, and that even if it happened, my chances of being caught by it was still basically zero. On the other hand, I knew that if I said something “unpatriotic” in front of the wrong person I could be beaten or worse. And what a big effing thrill that was.
In any event, the point I am trying to make is that because of a sensationalist media and an ideologically driven administration, a terrible crime was parlayed into a world changing event. I mean, let's look at this. A few dozen guys conspired to hijack four planes and fly them into buildings. A few dozen guys. This wasn't Pearl Harbor. This wasn't the Alamo. This wasn't a “war of civilizations.” This was a small terrorist group that got lucky. No more and no less.
How should America have responded to 9/11? We should have hardened cockpit doors, taken up the Taliban's offers to turn Bin Laden over for trial, had a memorial for the victims…and gone on with our lives. It wouldn't have hurt either to examine why Al Qaeda came into being and started attacking the USA, and why the people who were supposed to be defending America were asleep at the switch. Instead we were panicked into borrowing and spending trillions of dollars in an open ended war against “evil.” Seven years later some sane voices are starting to be heard. The former head of Britain's intelligence agency for example has called the response to 9/11 a huge overreaction. Even the US State Department has gotten into the act and ried to get people to tone down the rhetoric.
I mean, what has the War on Terror accomplished? Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Iraq are all more unstable and generating more terrorism than before 9/11. Al Qaeda has spread to a dozen or more countries it wasn't in before 9/11. Jihadists in Spain and England were inspired to commit acts of terror. And the world's opinion of America and its foreign policy is at the lowest ebb ever. All this for only twenty thousand dead and maimed GIs and a multi trillion dollar debt? Not to mention a vastly expanded US government and a serious erosion of our civil rights? To defend ourselves against pirates, bandits, and outlaw groups? This was beyond stupid, and I can only hope the fog continues to lift from people's eyes.
Am I saying the USA should have ignored Al Qaeda. Of course not. However, a military response was not the way to go. (And I'm pretty sure invading and occupying two countries counts as military force, not to mention missile and air strikes in at least two other countries.) This is borne out by the first comprehensive study of how terrorist groups end. RAND recently studied 648 terrorist groups that were active between 1968 and 2006. What as the most common way for them to end? 43% of them were ended via political means, IE negotiation. 40% of them were destroyed by police and intelligence action, usually by locals. 10% of terrorism groups achieved victory. And lastly, 7% of terrorist groups were destroyed by military force. So much for “you can't negotiate with terrorists,” apparently in the real world it's seven times more effective than military force as a response to terrorism.
As I've said before, terrorist groups have always been with us, and they always will. A sensible restrained flexible foreign policy and adequate police/intelligence work is the best way to both prevent and deal with terrorism. And, most important of all, don't panic.
(The above image of America's all-too-common response to any perceived threat is public domain under US copyright law. Doing research for this article I came upon an interesting example of just how much 9/11 has been pumped up and inflated into a world shaping event. Check out this link about the USS New York. No offence intended to anyone involved, but this is emotional self indulgence to the point of creepiness in my opinion. The whole idea of building a warship out of the steel from the WTC strikes me as being adolescent or even infantile, not to mention the web site's almost Messianic tone. Aren't grown-ups supposed to be running the country?)
Advertisements
6 Pregnancy Don'ts – What Not To Do When You Are Expecting and a Giveaway!
Just read someone else's post about 5 things to do when you are expecting and thought of writing an anti-post (typical me!)
Thing 1
When everyone around is pushing you about baby gender – just relax! This is not the most important thing in the world that you need to know. And it will not change that much, honestly! You will provide your unconditional love to the baby no matter what gender it is! Girl or boy, or something in between, in today's world gender importance may still be ingrained in us, but in our day-to-day life gender issues are less black and white and straight all over nowadays. Girls fly into space, and boys run cooking shows. Your baby will be your perfect thing, no matter what gender.
When I was pregnant with my first baby we used to live in Vancouver, BC, and due to a large abortion rate, the hospital that I was followed at did not tell us the gender of our first baby. I ended up giving birth in a different city, and a different province, but we never had any additional ultrasounds done to tell us what the gender of the baby was. Of course, it was sad as my father passed away before I gave birth, so while he knew that I was pregnant with his first grandchild, he never got to learn who it was – a girl or a boy.
Later I went on to give birth to lots of girls, and I had a stillborn boy as well. That year I knew I was going to have a boy, and I prepared a lot – bought a lot of boy clothing, and sold a lot of clothing that was for girls that I had. I was sure at the time that that was going to be my last child which did not turn out to be correct. Now my latest baby girl is wearing some of that boy's clothing still, and people are extremely confused whether she is a girl or a boy.
All kinds of situations can come out of this gender knowledge, and while I wished my father had known who I had as my first baby, the expectation may not always work out. While stillbirth are not that common necessarily, miscarriages are, and getting to know that gender may traumatize the parent even more, in my opinion.
Thing 2
Start showing everyone those ultrasound pictures – not! While it is definitely a keepsake to have, and show some day to people – this may be the only thing you will ever get to have of your baby. Not every baby is born alive, in fact not every baby is born period. Some babies simply end up like a period, and however harsh it may sound, this is the fact of life for a lot of people. Some people will be happy to see those photos and see your glee, while others will just look at it as a reminder of what they don't have, or what they have seen in a similar moment that didn't get to last.
Sometimes it is hard to control what others do, and my husband was one of those who posted the ultrasound for everyone to see. Didn't happen for my baby boy. It will just create additional need for explanations to those who read your Facebook feed.
Thing 3
When you are pregnant it is great to be prepared. You should have all of those great pregnancy books, and items that you will need when you give birth. Having a baby shower might be a good thing to set up when you have already given birth to collect gift cards for diapers, toys and clothing. However, don't overbuy before you give birth, especially if you don't know the baby's gender as things can change quickly with the baby. You may or may not need preemie clothing, diaper rash paste, or baby oil and powder. Are you sure you will have the time to do baby yoga with the videos, or give massage to your baby every day? Some products are out there, but it doesn't mean that you need to have one of each from the whole baby nursery and registry department.
Thing 4
Do not drink alcohol when you are pregnant! I know they write that everywhere, but seriously – do not drink! It has been time and time again checked and verified – alcohol will impact your baby, and it is not something that you should ever do when you are pregnant! Of course, no drugs, and you even have to be very careful with prescription medications. This seems like such an obvious thing but I have seen people not follow this very simple instruction, and not everyone will get away with this. I have never had a problem with this myself, following these requirements, but it is an important rule – if you have substance abuse issues and are pregnant, seek help, don't delay!
Thing 5
And for almost the last point – don't leave big things to take care of after the baby arrives. If you need to do your taxes, or do your spring cleaning, do a big garage sale, or set up a show for your kids' dance recital – don't delay till after the baby is born. It will be hard to find time when you have your baby, because you will have your hands full for a while.
For me, the first month has usually been the time that was I was busy working on setting into breastfeeding – and that leads us straight to the next point –
Thing 6
Don't give up on breastfeeding before you try it! Those prepared milk companies will be sending you tons of free products to try, as well as coupons and small gifts to use. You may be tempted to use formula for your baby but don't go that route until you really try and give up breastfeeding. You have to experience being able to breastfeed when you give birth, and try to give yourself a chance to do it! Breastfeeding requires a lot of work, especially at the beginning, and you have to be prepared for it mentally, and have a good network of help around you to be able to give you that first month when the baby arrives to practice and get on the right track with breastfeeding. Formula is great to have as the last resort – don't set yourself up for it before you really have tried breastfeeding!
Just today I have read that the UN is going to possibly start regulating what formula companies can and cannot say and do when promoting their products. The message cannot make mothers believe that formula is somehow better than natural mother's milk. You can read more about my thoughts on breastfeeding here.
I hope this post doesn't sound discouraging in any way, I am just describing my experiences, and they are not all rainbows and unicorns! If you have ever experienced any of this – you are not alone, share your advice in comments!
And now for the Giveaway!
This giveaway will run starting now till May 24, 2016. One winner will be chosen at random at the end of the giveaway by Gleam, and will be emailed a $25 Paypal gift card by Box Roundup. Box Roundup is self-sponsoring this giveaway – and be sure to enter! No other bloggers associated with this giveaway are responsible for prize fulfillment.
$25 Giveaway from Box Roundup
This giveaway is also part of a giveaway hop, so be sure to enter all or some other giveaways below – there are so many you could spend the whole day entering!
Welcome to the Hello Baby Giveaway Hop hosted by Karen's Got Mail! I have teamed up with a fantastic group of bloggers to share some awesome giveaways with our readers. Be sure to hop around to the participating blogs listed below and enter some fabulous giveaways, all of which are worth a minimum of $25!
Disclosure:
Disclosure: Karen's Got Mail and the Hello Baby Giveaway Hop participating bloggers are not responsible for sponsors who do not fulfill their prize obligations. Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and any other social media are not affiliated with this giveaway.
Linky:
This post may contain affiliate links.
Like this: Like Loading...
Hi there! Were you looking for The Can Kicks Back?
Fortunately, The Can Kicks Back no longer exists.
The Can Kicks Back was an organization that advocated for austerity and reducing the national debt and deficit — by cutting government spending and programs that are especially vital to seniors and the poor. During a time when many Americans were struggling to make ends meet in the aftermath of the Great Recession, The Can Kicks Back used myth and bad economics to undermine their economic security by, for example, trying to gut Social Security.
It's not hard to figure out why The Can Kicks Back was focused on hurting the most vulnerable. Just look at its partners and donors. The Can Kicks Back functioned as the millennial arm of Fix the Debt, the latest iteration of billionaire Pete Peterson's corporate-fueled crusade to cut the national debt by dismantling popular and efficient programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Beside Fix the Debt, The Can Kicks Back was also in large part financed by billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller, who thinks that the greatest crisis facing the country is that seniors receive Social Security benefits. (It's impossible to know the rest of The Can Kicks Back's donors; as a 501(c)4 “dark money” organization, it had no obligation to release a complete list of donors or the amounts donated.)
Although The Can Kicks Back billed itself as having grassroots support, its agenda and activities are anything but. As a corporate-supported astroturf organization, it:
Placed identical, ghostwritten op-eds in various newspapers with different bylines
Misrepresented itself to college students across the country via various campaigns to make it seem “cool” to cut Social Security
Paid outside organizations to collect signatures for its petitions, for people to participate in flash mobs, and for college students to attend its lobbying days
Created embarrassing and supposedly “viral” videos depicting deficit hawks Alan Simpson and Alice Rivlin and held a “Rock the Debt” concert to try to make austerity appeal to young people
Pit old versus young in a disingenuous argument for “generational equity” (Social Security is not just a vital lifeline for seniors and the disabled, but for children as well)
Propagated myths that Social Security and Medicare are going bankrupt, and promoted the ill-conceived Inform Act (which was interrupted by a corporate pirate), and
Supported unpopular and nonsensical proposals to lower corporate taxes, lower taxes on the rich, and raise taxes on the poor, in the name of deficit reduction (which doesn't make sense in the first place)
In 2014, it became clear that The Can Kicks Back was running out of its billionaire money, and on the heels of a number of failed and costly campaigns, that its staff were inept and lacked basic self-awareness. As The Can Kicks Back faded away, it was also clear that Pete Peterson and his network of pro-austerity organizations had fallen out of favor in Washington, D.C. policy circles — for now.
…
If you'd like to learn more about Social Security and the growing movement to expand benefits, check out Social Security Works' FAQ page and the principles of the Strength Social Security Coalition, which is fighting to expand the program.
The control of US military spy drones appears to have shifted from Windows to Linux following an embarrassing malware infection.
Ground control systems at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada, which commands the killer unmanned aircraft, became infected with a virus last September. In a statement at the time the Air Force dismissed the electronic nasty as a nuisance and said it posed no threat to the operation of Reaper drones, but the intrusion was nonetheless treated seriously.
"The ground system is separate from the flight control system Air Force pilots use to fly the aircraft remotely; the ability of the pilots to safely fly these aircraft remained secure throughout the incident," it said.
The discovery of the virus was nonetheless hugely embarrassing for the Air Force. The credential-stealing malware, first reported by Wired, made its way from a portable hard drive onto ground systems, which control the drones' weapons and surveillance functions. Portable disks are used to load map updates and transfer mission videos from one computer to another, Defense News added.
"The malware was detected on a standalone mission support network using a Windows-based operating system," a US Air Force statement at the time explained. "The malware in question is a credential stealer, not a keylogger, found routinely on computer networks and is considered more of a nuisance than an operational threat. It is not designed to transmit data or video, nor is it designed to corrupt data, files or programs on the infected computer. Our tools and processes detect this type of malware as soon as it appears on the system, preventing further reach."
Drone units were advised to stop using the removable drives to prevent another outbreak. Behind the scenes other changes appear to have been made: screenshots of drone control computers uploaded by security researcher Mikko Hypponen suggest that at least some of the consoles have been migrated from Microsoft Windows to open source Linux.
Photos of US drone control systems taken in 2009 (here) and 2011 (here) provide evidence of the change - in the earlier picture the Windows desktop GUI can be easily discerned whereas the latter slide indicates the new systems are Linux-based and have "improved displays".
The 2009 photo originally came from the air force base's website but the image has since been removed. A cropped copy can be found here. The 2010 slide came from an unclassified presentation on the US's unmanned drone operations.
Hypponen told The Reg: "If I would need to select between Windows XP and a Linux based system while building a military system, I wouldn't doubt a second which one I would take." ®
Meghan McCain on Thursday mocked former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE for accepting a fee for speaking at a Wall Street firm, calling him "a dirty capitalist."
“The great irony is that Saint Obama, who is supposed to representing everything that is good and utopian on the left, is actually a dirty capitalist like the rest of us,” McCain, the daughter of Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.), said on Fox News's "Outnumbered."
“I would pay money not to have to sit through a speech from President Obama because I find him that boring. It's like sitting through every class I hated in college," the co-host added.
ADVERTISEMENT
Meghan McCain argued that Obama associating with corporate America could tarnish his credibility with progressives.
“But this will hurt him ultimately with people like [Sen.] Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE [D-Mass.], people like [Sen.] Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE [I-Vt.], who think all things capitalist, Wall Street-involved is awful and evil,” she said.
“I hope they fillet him the say way they filleted Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE,” McCain added, referencing the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee.
Obama has accepted a reported $400,000 to speak at Cantor Fitzgerald LP's healthcare conference in September. Cantor, a mid-sized investment bank in New York, reportedly plans on making Obama its keynote speaker for one day of the event.
Obama's reported speaking fee is nearly twice the price commanded by Hillary Clinton, his former secretary of State.
Eric Schultz, Obama's spokesman, defended the former president Wednesday by citing financial reforms during his tenure.
“With regard to this or any speech involving Wall Street sponsors, I'd just point out that in 2008, Barack Obama raised more money from Wall Street than any candidate in history — and still went on to successfully pass and implement the toughest reforms on Wall Street since [former President Franklin D. Roosevelt]," he said.
Conservationist and 1,461 other scientists release statement describing Australia's oceans as a ‘global asset' that must be protected
Growing global momentum to protect the world's oceans from overfishing could be undermined by Australia, warns renowned conservationist David Suzuki and more than 1,461 other scientists.
Australia is currently considering the world's biggest downgrading of a protected area with a reduction in the size of its network of marine reserves.
“If Australia does something progressive in 2012, and then walks back from that, what the hell are we going to expect [from] international cooperation?” said Suzuki, who described the move as “sickening”.
In 2012 the Australian government created what was then the world's largest network of marine reserves. The move followed years of consultation, and despite limited protection for the most biodiverse coastal areas, it was welcomed by environmental groups.
Tourists doubting value of trip to Great Barrier Reef, dive operator tells inquiry Read more
Since then, global momentum has been building for marine protection. In 2014 at the once-a-decade World Parks Congress in Sydney, conservation scientists called for fishing to be banned in 30% of each type of marine habitat globally – a call supported two years later by about 90 countries and hundreds of NGOs that are members of the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
In 2016, the US president Barack Obama created the world's largest marine reserve by expanding an existing ocean reserve off Hawaii. That year he also established a large marine park in the Atlantic Ocean.
It is absolutely disgusting that coal is still considered a great economic input to Australia David Suzuki
Similarly, Chile, France, Kiribati, New Zealand, Russia and the UK have created large areas where fishing is banned.
In contrast, the Australian government recently announced draft plans to reduce by 40% the amount of its marine parks that are “no-take” fishing or construction zones.
According to WWF-Australia, that would represent the world's largest downgrading of protected areas on record. More than 433,000 sq km would be downgraded to allow commercial fishing – more than half of that in the Coral Sea marine park, adjacent to the Great Barrier Reef, one of the few remaining large parts of the Pacific Ocean still in good health.
Australian waters contain rich biodiversity ranging from the tropics to Antarctica. A statement signed by Suzuki and 1,461 scientists described these waters as a “global asset” and called on the government to increase protections.
“They support six of the seven known species of marine turtles and more than half of the world's whale and dolphin species. Australia's oceans are home to more than 20% of the world's fish species and are a hot spot of marine endemism. By properly protecting them, Australia will be supporting the maintenance of our global ocean heritage,” the statement said.
Trump just passed on the best deal the planet has ever seen | David Suzuki Read more
“It's absurd to think this is really Australia's water,” Suzuki told the Guardian. “These oceans belong to the world – you just happen to be the caretakers in that particular area.”
Jessica Meeuwig, director of the Centre for Marine Futures at the University of Western Australia, said Australia's move set a dangerous international precedent.
“Australia's move to go backwards undermines that progress,” she said. “In Australia we will be supporting an international benchmark that says we're happy to have paper parks [areas technically set aside but with minimal actual protections].”
Paper parks have been a major concern in the conservation world.
Meeuwig said Australia's precedent is particularly dangerous given the Trump administration is mulling cuts to protected areas on land and in the ocean.
“Australia will pip Trump to the post,” she said.
The Trump administration is examining 27 protected areas for the rollback of protections, with a leaked memo revealing 10 – including the two marine parks established by Obama – earmarked to allow “traditional uses” such as mining, logging and hunting.
She said Australia's unwinding of protections would help normalise radical moves to unwind protection in the US, as well as set a poor example for other countries.
“Such a backwards step just gives other countries an excuse to do less. [Australia is] a developed economy with good governance. If we can't get this right, all we're doing is putting the responsibility to protect oceans to nations that have less and are dealing with bigger challenges. That's not leadership.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Large areas of Queensland's Coral Sea, adjacent to the Great Barrier Reef, could have fishing protection zones cut. Photograph: Daniela Dirscherl/Getty Images/WaterFrame RM
Suzuki, who owns a house in Queensland's Port Douglas and has spent a lot of time on the Great Barrier Reef, is angry about Australia's rollback.
“We're an air-breathing land animal. We've trashed the terrestrial environment with vast clearcuts and monocultures of rubber trees and corn and wheat. We've used the land and air to spread potent pesticides and toxic compounds. We've really fucked up the land that is our ecosystem. And now we go into the oceans that cover 70% of the planet and we've trashed that,” he said.
Suzuki said after the devastating bleaching of the Great Barrier Reef in 2016, he visited it and wept.
David Attenborough on the scourge of the oceans: 'I remember being told plastic doesn't decay, it's wonderful' Read more
He said Australia needed to face up to the interconnected issues of climate change and ocean health, both of which it was failing to address.
“I'm sorry Australia, wake up,” Suzuki said. “The oceans are a mess and a great deal of the mess is a reflection of climate change. Climate change is the overarching issue that is hammering the oceans as well as terrestrial areas. And it is absolutely disgusting that coal is still considered a great economic input to Australia.
“When you've got something that [other countries] would die for – you've got sunlight up the ying yang, why isn't Australia the world leader in this incredible form of energy? It makes me sick. You've got great research facilities. You've got great scientists. You've got everything going to be a world leader in the energy of the future and you're not doing it. And it's not surprising then that you are doing the same to the oceans. What is it going to take for Australia to wake up to the opportunities?”
The man who pleaded guilty to uttering death threats against the Quebecer charged in the mosque shootings earlier this year has been ordered to leave Canada for three years.
Mohamed-Amine Ben-Faras, 33, is the nephew of one of the men allegedly killed by Alexandre Bissonnette in January.
Quebec court Judge Alain Morand agreed Friday to the joint recommendation by Crown and defence lawyers.
Story continues below advertisement
Ben-Faras will not be allowed to come to Canada for three years unless he is accompanied by a peace officer or a border agent and he is also prohibited from trying to contact Bissonnette or his relatives.
Ben-Faras, who is of Moroccan descent and has Italian nationality, pleaded guilty Thursday to uttering death threats against Bissonnette.
He told the judge he arrived in Quebec from London and headed to the mosque to try to understand the circumstances surrounding the shooting deaths.
It was members of the city's Muslim community who signalled to police that Ben-Faras could be trouble.
Toru Hashimoto, right, campaigns in Osaka, Japan. Picture: Getty Images
THE Japanese government has distanced itself from comments by a prominent politician that the so-called comfort women of World War II served a necessary role by keeping troops in check.
Outspoken Osaka Mayor Toru Hashimoto said soldiers living with the daily threat of death needed some way to let off steam which was provided by the comfort women system.
Up to 200,000 women from Korea, China, the Philippines and elsewhere were forcibly drafted into brothels catering to the Japanese military in territories occupied by Japan during WWII, according to many mainstream historians.
Read Next
“When soldiers risk their lives under a hail of bullets, and you want to give them a rest somewhere, it is clear that you need a comfort women system,” Mr Hashimoto said.
South Korea voiced “deep disappointment” over the comments, which risk inflaming Japan's relationship with neighbours that were victims of brutal expansionism and who claim Tokyo has never faced up to its warmongering past.
“There is worldwide recognition... that the issue of comfort women amounts to a wartime rape committed by Japan during its past imperial period in a serious breach of human rights,” a Seoul foreign ministry spokesman said.
“Our government again urges Japan's prominent officials to show regret for atrocities committed during Japan's imperial period and to correct their anachronistic way of thinking and comments.”
Mr Hashimoto, who is co-leader of the national Japan Restoration Party, acknowledged that some women providing sexual services to Japan's soldiers did so “against their will”, something he attributed to “the tragedy of war”.
But he said there was no evidence this had been officially sanctioned by the state and that the use of prostitutes by servicemen was not unique to Japan.
“There are many examples” of unacceptable and brutal behaviour by soldiers in wartime and “to contain such things, it is a cold fact that a certain system like comfort women was necessary”, he said.
Japan's top government spokesman and Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga refused to comment directly on Mr Hashimoto's remarks.
However, he said: “The government's position on the comfort women issue is that, as I repeatedly said here, we feel pains towards people who experienced hardships that are beyond description and (this) administration shares the view held by past governments.”
In a landmark 1993 statement, the Japanese government offered “sincere apologies” for the “immeasurable pain and suffering” inflicted on comfort women.
Two years later, Japan issued a broader apology expressing “deep remorse” for war suffering.
The 1993 statement remains passionately opposed by some Japanese conservatives who contend that the country did not directly coerce women.
Despite a hawkish stance on history, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe indicated last week he does not intend to backtrack on these apologies.
Japan's shared history with its Asian neighbours looms over present-day relations, which are also strained by separate territorial disputes with Seoul and Beijing.
Both capitals say Tokyo has not shown sufficient contrition for its World War II behaviour. But many in Japan feel nationalists abroad use the issue as a stick to beat it for their own domestic ends.
Mr Hashimoto, who was once mentioned as a possible future prime minister, said Japan bears responsibility for the war and urged compassion for victims.
“(Comfort women were) a result of the tragedy of war so we have to take care with thoughtfulness of those people who became comfort women against their will,” he said.
Shintaro Ishihara, a former Tokyo governor and the other co-leader of the Japan Restoration Party, came to Hashimoto's defence, arguing prostitutes and militaries have co-existed throughout history.
“Although Mr Hashimoto's comments are unpleasant to hear, he is not saying anything wrong,” he said.
AFP
COLBERT, Wash. - Bolt cutters and a tranquilizer - that's what it took to free a moose in Spokane County after a swing set standoff. The animal's fight to free itself only made the situation worse.
It's a call WDFW (Washington Department of Fish & Wildlife) Wildlife Conflict Specialist Kile Westerman won't soon forget.
"It had the whole swing set wrapped around - the chain from the swing set wrapped around its antlers," said Westerman.
The curious moose, estimated to weigh 900 pounds, found itself in a life-threatening struggle.
"It was certainly tied up so bad, it was going to severely injure itself, maybe break its skull trying to get loose," said Westerman.
Wildlife officials had only one option - to tranquilize the wild animal. They aimed for the rump.
"We had to wait for the perfect shot because you want to make sure the dart goes into a big muscle mass," Westerman said.
Once the drugs kicked in, Fish and Wildlife officers armed with bolt cutters got to work. Within a matter of seconds, the moose was free. After a brief nap, it ran off with only a scratch.
"It did have a little mark by its eye, but it didn't puncture the eye or anything like that," Westerman said.
For him, it was just another day at the office. But for the moose - a hard lesson that swing sets can be a pain in the butt.
Westerman said the homeowner did the right thing by calling for help and keeping their distance.
VICTORIA — The day began with an invitation from the New Democrats to drop by their offices at the legislature for a chat with Opposition leader John Horgan about the “fall session.”
What fall legislative session? One was provided for as a hypothetical possibility on the official legislative calendar. But the B.C. Liberals never bothered calling MLAs back to their desks for the real thing. Which, of course, was precisely the NDP's point.
“This should have been the end of a productive fall session,” as Horgan was quoted in the followup press release. “But Christy Clark has been focused on her election campaign instead of the problems she's created by neglecting the most serious issues faced by people in the province.”
Making the most of the premier's reluctance to subject her government to scrutiny on the floor of the house, Horgan outlined some of the issues he and his colleagues would have raised in the 24 question periods associated with a standard-issue fall session.
For starters, there was the crisis with the drug fentanyl, which has accounted for more than 600 overdose deaths in B.C. this year.
He noted how Clark sounded a “blame Ottawa” theme during her recent visit to the national capital, including a call for the federal government to ban the notorious pill-making presses that can turn out 18,000 of the death-dealing tablets every hour.
But B.C. NDP House leader Mike Farnworth had presented a bill during the short summer session of the legislature that would have done just that. Patterned on similar legislation adopted in NDP-governed Alberta, the Farnworth bill provided penalties in the $50,000 to $375,000 range and up to a year in jail.
“If Christy Clark showed up to work at the legislature, we'd already have a pill press ban,” said Horgan. He further scorned the Liberals for committing less than $300,000 to a public awareness campaign on fentanyl, compared to $9 million “patting themselves on the back” in print, radio and television advertising.
Second on the list of issues that NDP MLAs would have raised if there had been a legislative session to raise them in was housing. Horgan characterized the Clark record as more “talk, talk, talk” than “walk, walk, walk.”
Earlier this year, the Clark government promised to fix a loophole in the residential tenancy act that allows landlords to raise rents above the maximum allowable rate — or even evict tenants without recourse. If the Liberals had seen fit to call the house back, the problem would have been solved already, said Horgan.
Taking aim at the previous day's rollout by government of $500 million for 68 affordable housing projects, Hogan noted that the projected 2,900 units amounted to less than a third of what would be needed to accommodate the 15,000 folks on the waiting list. He did not say if an NDP government would put up the further $1 billion or so to eliminate the backlog.
On the third issue, education, Horgan focused on the Supreme Court of Canada's recent “smackdown of the B.C. Liberals,” in the long-running legal battle with the B.C. Teachers Federation.
He got off his best lines of the day, accusing Clark of having “put more money into courtrooms than classrooms” and noting how the high court tossed the government's case “in less than the time it takes to watch the Hour Has 22 Minutes.”
Were the Liberals over a barrel with the BCTF? “Yes,” replied Horgan. “But it is a barrel of their own making.”
He wrapped up his four-item list of talking points that he and his colleagues never got to raise in the house with the hide-the-rate increase controversy involving the Insurance Corp. of B.C.
As Postmedia's Rob Shaw reported this week, ICBC had been slow in responding to an order from the B.C. Utility Commission to disclose a rate increase scenario for the next four-years.
Those four years also being the next four-year term of government, hence speculation that the stall was to avoid embarrassing the Liberals about the consequences of their persistent manipulation of ICBC finances.
Horgan rightly noted that the BCUC order goes a long way toward explaining why the Liberals have blocked the commission from scrutinizing Site C and other B.C. Hydro projects.
But ICBC's foot-dragging didn't keep the Opposition leader from speculating that the increase could be in the 45-per-cent range.
Which was not a bad guess, because later in the day ICBC belatedly released a scenario projecting a rate increase of 42 per cent over five years, which the B.C. Liberals promptly discounted as “speculative, extreme,” and “hypothetical.”
But not necessarily wrong.
ICBC's financial difficulties are not all of its own making, because the Liberals have also been siphoning money out of the corporate reserves to supplement successive provincial budgets.
Horgan, for his part, noted how the company was established by the province's first NDP government to provide low cost auto insurance, not serve as a cash cow for the provincial treasury.
Would he stop milking ICBC? “We haven't seen the numbers yet and you're asking me for solutions,” replied Horgan, not wanting to get ahead of himself in laying out the NDP platform.
But overall, it was an effective performance by the leader of the Opposition, serving notice that when the Liberals do square off against him in the political arena next year, they may be in for a surprise or two.
vpalmer@vancouversun.com
Tens of thousands gathered at Copacabana beach on Sunday to celebrate the 21st Rio Pride Parade.
Organizers said this year's parade was focusing on passing legislation in Brazil that would allow adults to legally change their gender on identity documents and eliminate bureaucracy involved in gender confirmation surgery, reports the Associated Press. They called on the public health system (SUS) and private health plans to pay for hormonal therapy and surgery.
#RioPride #ErreJota Foto tirada especialmente para o @silvacirlon que ahaza e deu a dica pra gente curtir!!! A photo posted by Samuel Vidal (@vidalsamu) on Dec 11, 2016 at 7:38am PST
'God loves all the people.' #rio #riopride #paradagay #yearabroad #rioadventures2016 A photo posted by Sophie Hogan (@sophiehogan34) on Dec 11, 2016 at 5:38pm PST
????#rioprideparade #copacabana #lgbt #haciendopatria A photo posted by Javiera Ocampos-Paris (@javieraparis) on Dec 11, 2016 at 5:24pm PST
#vivaastravas #veraoredondo #skol #respeitoison #riopride #italianelmondo #riodejaneiro fotto by @detoledo #dragse A photo posted by Italy luxe (@italyluxe) on Dec 11, 2016 at 10:35am PST
Police arrested thieves who were stealing from attendees. But it otherwise looks like it was a fantastic time.
AP, Leo Correa
AP, Leo Correa
This Story Filed Under
On March 7, 2017, the FTC issued a press release announcing that it had entered into a stipulated order with a debt relief company that allegedly misled consumers and charged illegal advance fees. Under the terms of the order, the United Debt Counselors, LLC will be prohibited from making misleading claims about its debt relief services.
United Debt Counselors, LLC, formerly known as United Debt Services, LLC (“United Debt” or “Defendants”) is headquartered in Frisco, Texas and has offered and engaged in debt relief services since 2011.
In February 2017, the FTC filed a complaint in the US District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging that United Debt had exaggerated how many consumers would save by enrolling in their services. The FTC alleged that the defendants make misleading claims on their website, over the phone and through direct mail solicitations by falsely representing that participants in their debt relief programs could cut their debt in half and become “debt-free in around 36 months.” According to the FTC, fewer than half of those who bought the services completed the program, and even fewer were debt-free at the end of 36 months.
According to the compliant, United Debt would send approximately 60,000 to 100,000 direct mail solicitations to consumers each week. Those mailers were designed to look like an official document from a bank or an attorney, and contained statements implying that the consumer could lose money if they didn't call within 10 days.
The FTC also asserted that defendants' website included “dozens of audio-recorded testimonials from satisfied customers and numerous claims regarding United's debt relief services.” According to the FTC, those advertised testimonials reflected atypical customers without any disclaimer about typical results that a consumer should expect.
According to the complaint, United Debt made it difficult for consumers who were interested in their debt services to obtain specific information about their program. The FTC alleged United Debt made arrangements for in-person meetings with consumers who were interested in defendants' program. United Debt would tell consumers that they were sending an experienced sales representative to explain the program's feature. In reality, defendants would hire an independent public notary to attend the meeting and play a 10-minute sales video or read a script to the consumer.
The FTC also alleged that United Debt violated the Telemarketing Sales Rule (“TSR”) by charging illegal advance fees before they negotiated any savings on credit card debts and without providing a face-to-face sales presentation by a knowledgeable representative who can fully describe the program and answer questions.
Finally, the FTC alleged that United Debt advertised that it offered a “special purpose savings account” which is completely controlled by the consumer. In reality, the defendants automatically withdrew monthly fees from this account. United Debt did not provide any disclosures clearly stating that it would maintain access to the accounts and withdraw funds.
The stipulated order contains the following terms:
Defendants are banned from making misrepresentations about debt relief and other financial products or services and making unsubstantiated claims about any products or services;
Defendants may charge advance fees only if they comply with the TSR;
Sales persons making face-to-face sales presentations must have the authority to discuss material terms, they must do so in specific detail, and they must be able to answer consumers' questions.
The order also imposes a $9 million judgment that represents the amount of alleged harm to consumers. The judgment will be partially suspended upon payment of $510,000. The full judgment will become due immediately if the defendants are found to have misrepresented their financial condition.
Infection prevention and control practices are inadequate in some Nova Scotia hospitals, and the Cape Breton district has a poor culture of infection prevention and control, Auditor General Jacques Lapointe said in his report released today, May 30.
The auditor general said poor infection prevention and control practices may have contributed to a C. difficile outbreak in Cape Breton hospitals in early 2011. He added that the district's response to the outbreak was ineffective.
His report identifies numerous deficiencies such as poor monitoring of hand hygiene practices and inappropriate cleaning in patient rooms.
The auditor general discovered significant problems at Cape Breton Health in ensuring reusable medical equipment such as internal gastro, broncho and colon scopes were properly cleaned and disinfected. He reported two cases in which no evidence could be found that scopes were cleaned and disinfected before being reused.
While processes overall at Capital Health were significantly better, one instance was found in which a scope might not have been disinfected.
Both districts routinely used flash sterilization of surgical instruments as an alternative to a full sterilization process. This technique is meant to be used only in an emergency.
Three years ago, the province established an infection prevention and control unit at the Department of Health and Wellness, but it lacks the resources to effect change. The best practices guidelines it developed are not mandatory; the department does not know what infection prevention and control practices and policies are in place in district health authorities and is not aware of the level of hospital acquired infections.
Mr. Lapointe said his recent audits suggest the department needs to do more to meet its responsibilities under the Health Authorities Act to monitor, measure and evaluate the quality, accessibility and comprehensiveness of health services delivered by the authorities. An accountability framework for district health authorities has been more than a year in the making.
The auditor general also uncovered weaknesses in processes to monitor prescribing and distributing controlled prescription drugs, which he said can be corrected through improvements in monitoring and control systems, and in technology.
His report identifies monitoring system issues that could allow abuse or misuse of monitored prescription drugs to continue undetected. He makes 17 recommendations in order to bring greater rigour to the system.
An audit of addiction services in the Annapolis Valley found that the services are well managed. Policies are based on best practices and service delivery is timely. The Health and Wellness Department's oversight, however, is not adequate to ensure the district is complying with established provincial standards for addiction services.
Mr. Lapointe said government's overall record in implementing recommendations from past reports remains poor. Recommendations dating back to 2005 and 2006 have still not been completed and he has written them off as a failure to implement.
He pointed to the Department of Education as the weakest performer, completing only 13 per cent of recommendations between 2005 and 2009.
"Last year, senior management in that department gave their undertaking to address outstanding recommendations as a priority. Clearly this was not done," said Mr. Lapointe.
He cited the same department for unco-operative behaviour.
"My office encountered significant difficulty completing this review, as we experienced delays in obtaining information from the Department of Education."
He said the failure across government to implement recommended measures to improve efficiency, reduce risk and improve government services constitutes poor management, and represents a deficiency in accountability to the people of the province, the legislature and, in the case of internal reporting, to Cabinet.
Information provided by Treasury Board Office to Cabinet on the status of recommendations contained numerous errors. As a result, the first provincial update issued last year by the premier on the status of implementing recommendations was inaccurate. Nevertheless, Treasury Board Office rejects the need to improve this information.
Mr. Lapointe identified some weaknesses in the Office of Public Trustee's processes for collecting and safeguarding clients' assets and made 16 recommendations to correct the problems. He did not discover any loss of clients' property.
The 140-page report contains 77 recommendations to government.
The full report is available at www.oag-ns.ca .
Between 1787 and 1799, France passed through a period that would change the future of the country completely, an event that became known as the French Revolution, in which the main stage was Paris. The dissatisfaction of the population fed by Enlightenment ideas, gave room to an uprising that redesigned the country's political scenario, overthrowing a centuries-old absolute monarchy.
The French Revolution was marked by a bloody period called Reign of Terror, where an estimative of 18,000 to 40,000 people were killed by means of the guillotine, by the hands of the revolutionary army, including the royal family and even important figures in the revolution like Georges Danton.
Despite the fact that it took place more than 200 years ago, many French Revolution buildings are still present nowadays to silently tell us the stories of this bloody yet important period of France, and most of them can be visited in Paris if you have some time in the city.
15 French Revolution Places to Visit in Paris
Palais Royal
Built in 1633, it used to be the official residence of the royal family until the Palace of Versailles was built. On the eve of the revolution, its gardens served as the stage for Camille Desmoulins, a journalist, and politician of the time, he climbed on a table to the Cafe du Foy and called the people to arms. Two days later the Bastille was stormed.
Hôtel des Invalides
Built as a hospital for wounded soldiers, by Louis XIV, it is known nowadays as the War Museum, it was stormed by several thousand men on the morning of 14 July, who plundered its armories before heading to the Bastille. Nowadays it is a museum where you can visit see items related to wars as well as tombs of important figures mostly related to the wars as well. One of the most important pieces of the museum is the tomb of Napoleon.
Place de la Bastille
This used to be the place where the Bastille prison, a famous prison fortress during the French Revolution, stood until the “Storming of the Bastille” event, where a confrontation between civilians and the old Regime took place in the afternoon of 14 July of 1789. The Bastille was totally destroyed during the Revolution and nothing remains of the old building. The Storming of the Bastille marks the start of the French Revolution, and despite the fact that it only contained seven inmates in the time of the storming, it was a symbol of abuse by the monarchy. In its place now, stands the July Column that commemorates the July Revolution of 1830. Nowadays the Place de la Bastille is a symbol of the leftists in Paris.
Notre Dame
During the French Revolution, Notre Dame suffered sacking, pillaging, and destruction. With the rise of the Enlightenment ideas and the dechristianization of the French population, Notre Dame officially became the ‘Temple of Reason' and then was used as a wine storehouse.
Panthéon
Originally a church called the “Eglise Sainte-Geneviève”, it became the “mausoleum for the great men of the Nation” in 1791. Some of the important figures buried here are Voltaire, Rousseau, Alexandre Dumas, Emile Zola, Victor Hugo…
Versailles
Completed in 1751, Versailles became the official residence of the French royal family in 1682, when King Louis XIV moved to the palace, until the French Revolution. It was here that King Louis XVI and Queen Marie Antoinette used to live until 1789 when they were stripped of power and brought to the Tuileries Palace, in Paris, and ultimately beheaded.
Jardin des Tuileries
Tuileries Garden is what is left of the old Tuileries Palace, the palace was burned and destroyed in 1871 by the Paris Commune. However, in 1789, during the French Revolution, it was here that the royal family was brought to from Versailles and held under surveillance until they were transferred to the Temple and later publically killed. Nowadays the Jardin des Tuileries is the charming garden in front of the Louvre Museum.
Palais du Luxembourg
During the Revolution, the Luxembourg Palace was transformed into a prison. Major figures of the Revolution were detained here, like Danton and Camille Desmoulins (the instigator of the French revolution) in March 1794.
Le Procope Cafe
Opened in 1686, this is the oldest Café in Paris. Considered nowadays a historic monument of the city, Le Procope Cafe still preserves its interior authentic. During the years the cafe received many remarkable guests, like Napoleon, Voltaire, Rousseau and Benjamin Franklin. The cafe keeps some interesting items like Napoleon's hat and the last letter from Marie Antoinette to Louis XV. It is believed that this was the place where Marie Antoinette's death warrant was signed.
Conciergerie
The building was part of a complex called Palais de Justice, originally a royal palace. It was turned into a prison during the French Revolution. More than 2.600 prisoners were tried here, including Marie Antoinette, who was brought here from the Temple on August 1st, 1793, and separated from her children. Danton was also held here. Nowadays it is a museum, the cell where Marie Antoinette was held was reconstructed and you can have a feeling of how it was like when she was here.
Place de la Concorde
Originally called Place Louis XV, it was renamed “Place de la Révolution” during the French Revolution and later called “Concorde” to symbolize the reconciliation after the Revolution. It was here that the guillotine stood, and where many famous figures of the French Revolution were executed including Marie Antoinette, Louis XVI, and Danton. Nowadays, in the center of the square you can find a board on the floor marking the exact location of the guillotine and a list with the names of its victims.
Catacombs of Paris
Created as a way to solve the issue with the overpopulation of Parisian cemeteries and the closure of the Cemetery of Innocent. Around six million human skeletons are kept in the Catacombs including many skeletons of those who died in the several riots during the French Revolution.
Basilica St Denis
The last home of the royal family. The abbey is known as the royal necropolis as it keeps the remains of many monarchs. During the French Revolution though, many bodies were removed by protesters to celebrate the Revolution. Louis XVI and Maria Antoinette were initially buried in the churchyard of the Madeleine, but the few remains of the king and queen were found and brought to St Denis in 1815.
Hotel de Ville
A building that houses the city's local administration. Back in the time of the French Revolution, it used to be the headquarters of the Paris Commune, where Robespierre and his supporters used to gather. It was here that Robespierre was arrested, after years of the Reign of Terror.
Musée Carnavalet
Paris has more than 130 museums, but if you want to know more about the French Revolution, this is the place, the Musée Carnavalet is dedicated to the history of Paris and its inhabitants. It contains many interesting pieces dated back to the French Revolution, including paintings and portraits as well as belongings of Marie Antoinette and the paper on which Robespierre partially wrote his signature when he was seized by soldiers.
For more information about the French Revolution
The French Revolution: From Enlightenment to Tyranny (click here to buy)
“A vital and illuminating look at this profoundly important (and often perplexing) historical moment, by former Financial Times chief foreign affairs columnist Ian Davidson. The French Revolution casts a long shadow, one that reaches into our own time and influences our debates on freedom, equality, and authority. Yet it remains an elusive, perplexing historical event. Its significance morphs according to the sympathies of the viewer, who may see it as a series of gory tableaux, a regrettable slide into uncontrolled anarchy―or a radical reshaping of the political landscape”
report this ad
Marie Antoinette: The Journey (click here to buy)
“The national bestseller from the acclaimed author of The Wives of Henry VIII. France's beleaguered queen, Marie Antoinette, wrongly accused of uttering the infamous “Let them eat cake,” was the subject of ridicule and curiosity even before her death; she has since been the object of debate and speculation and the fascination so often accorded tragic figures in history. Married in mere girlhood, this essentially lighthearted, privileged, but otherwise unremarkable child was thrust into an unparalleled time and place, and was commanded by circumstance to play a significant role in history. Antonia Fraser's lavish and engaging portrait of Marie Antoinette, one of the most recognizable women in European history, excites compassion and regard for all aspects of her subject, immersing the reader not only in the coming-of-age of a graceful woman, buaimedt also in the unraveling of an era.”
In this article our friend Frank walks us through his job in a way that gets at the bigger picture.
“What do you do for a living?”
by Frank Edgewick
At a party, someone asks, “What do you do for a living?” I answer, “Get yelled at by wealthy people.” The answer is rehearsed and so automatic that I usually forget that it makes people laugh in surprise. It is a perfectly accurate response. I work as a Guest Services Agent – that's front desk clerk to you. But I'm a scapegoat and whipping-boy cum switchboard attendant in an ill-fitting suit – a house slave with good grooming and a sunny demeanour.
Now, that sounds like whining and to be honest, it is and I do really like my job at least as much as I hate it. But the whining reveals some of the aspects that make my job very specific and unlike many others, but like a growing sector of service work.
The switchboard part crossed with the whipping boy part means that while I don't get the satisfaction of completing many tasks. I work as conduit distributing information and facilitating cooperation. A typical happening is to have a furious meeting attendee spend five minutes shouting at me about coffee not having been delivered on time. My response must be ‘I will check on that for you, I'm sorry that it's not meeting your expectations'. Avoiding sarcasm is difficult, but a skill we learn. I then radio the banquets department who inform me that the event contract states that coffee isn't due for 15 minutes and is still brewing. This doesn't help either of us, although it does mean that no one will catch hell in a formal way later and that this jerk yelled at me before talking to his own organization's planner. It also means that he or she may stare at me in the same no-coffee rage for another 15 minutes while I act like nothing is going on.
There's a lot going on here, but we can unpack it. When it is busy, I am like a lead player in a funk band, conducting the information links for our cooperation with my body. We each have our repertoire and bring those loops and riffs in and out, building crescendos and resolutions. At desk, I may only get to play it until the build and then I have to go work on something else, but the song goes on in the backrooms of the hotel and on the conference floor until it's played out.
This also points to another aspect of my work – it is totally ephemeral. At it's simplest, I get butts into beds, but then they get themselves back out and go on their way. The only residue of my work is good memories or bad. Unlike a housekeeper or a cook, I can't even make someone sick by doing a bad job, I can only infuriate them. My work expires as it is performed and yet the way I perform is key to profitability in business based on habits.
A typical day involves a few hundred guests, a dozen packages, half a dozen lost items, five or six banquet events and coordinating with at least one or two dozen coworkers. On such a day, I'm fully immersed and it's hard effort to see beyond the encompassing immediacy. It's disconcerting and this fully immersive role makes people care way too much about the job. And yet, by pushing us beyond what we thought we could, our job shows us how much we are really capable of doing. The level of coordination we make happen has taught me that workers run every business already, implicitly. In my sector, it's our ability to cooperate that makes our work valuable to the owners. The question is to build our struggle so that we can continue to run the economy, but now for our own benefit rather than theirs.
That's the coordination side of the job, but the whipping-boy part sets the tone as well. I really do expect to be shouted at a couple of times each day. More if we're busy. I used to work taking care of a mildly autistic boy who would fly into rages at provocations like wind or socks. The skill set I developed for dealing with his irrational rages serve me well everyday at front desk. Something changes otherwise polite people into greedy assholes when they stand on the other side desk (something called relative class position!) In any case, the sector I work in is premised on not treating such people as basically unwell and pitiful but rather as valuable customers to be satisfied through shilling. It has been a race to the bottom for human decency, with each hotel tolerating more and more abherrant behaviour until shouting at someone over coffee is normal. More than normal, it is part of my job. But my job is not just to solve the problem, but to provide the emotional services necessary for that person to recover composure and remember the incident as one of good service. As much a scape goat who takes the beating for our collective inability to do the impossible, I am a geisha whose smiles and compliments provide emotional release and coddling to members of the bureaucratic caste. A long standing joke about any unreasonable guest who is angrily disappointed by better than reasonable service is that “he must have expected a handjob to be included in the rate.” And yet, as I was writing this on a slow day at work, a consistently calm and friendly hotel guest walked by and I greeted him by name. He said “Thank you for remembering” – Aside from any professional reasons, I honestly do remember him because he is consistently reasonable. And I do hope he comes back.
The emotional aspect of the job can really take a toll of people and I've seen new coworkers go through relationship problems because either they pass on the shit they take or because they are too tired to keep taking the shit they have in their relationship, or they are too tired to show they care to people who matter. The last is luckily the least common and not taking shit at home is a good thing. People passing things on to partners is the least forgivable aspect of the job. I've been lucky in that I have good support and a lot of experience, so I've managed to avoid it, but it can be a problem and we do try to support each other to leave the shitty parts at work. Even so, the fact that a job can ruin the life we're told it's meant to support makes me know in my bones that this system has to go. We know we are thoroughly colonized and knowing that our bodies ache and our hearts ache and our heads spin at the end of a day can be overwhelming.
At the same time, I have seen people really blossom with the pressure of being on the spot. A new hire this year was so timid that she had trouble greeting guests and gave directions so tepidly that no one would believe they were true. In the months since then, I've seen her get stronger and gain confidence on the job and with guests. In doing so, she's also progressed from being terrified of the supervisors to talking casually about risking a write-up for breaking a dumb rule and sticks up for herself consistently when she is scheduled poorly – knowing of course that we have her back. Seeing this change has been particularly satisfying. Sometimes, even in our shitty situations, it's possible to be a part of someone's growth. It makes you know that we can get through this together and that by fighting side by side, we get better than we were.
There is a lot more to tell about my job, about how stupid it is for guests to mess with people who know their credit card number and where they sleep, about all th little ways we all fight back, about my wonderfully diverse coworkers, about how scared people are to fight and how sad it makes me when we lose before we even throw a punch, about negotiating solidarity between xenophobic white workers and our wildly multinational back-of-house coworkers and many more things. Those will have to wait. Whipping boy, scapegoat, geisha, conductor and house-slave, I'm a Front Desk Clerk and in my ill-fitting suit, I can see that like your mail-cage and classroom and sandwich line, my desk is on the front line of the class war.
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Like this: Like Loading... Related
If you followed the unveiling of iOS 7, you may have heard of Helvetica Neue. That's the font Apple ultimately settled on after designers complained via Twitter that Helvetica Neue Ultra Light, a much slimmer version of the font that the company had originally chosen, would be too hard to read on small devices.
Advertisement
Helvetica Neue (German for “new,” pronounced “noy-a”) has been around since 1983 — it's a reworked version of the 1957 staple, with a more unified set of heights and widths — but it's become a hotly contested font in the design and developer world. Some designers swear by it, saying it's reliable and versatile, while others say it's lazy and unimaginative– a way for brands to gain a sort of prepackaged legitimacy.
Apple has used Helvetica Neue before at greater widths, including in iOS 6 — and it was one of Steve Jobs' favorite fonts. But Helvetica Neue is much bigger than Apple. In fact, it's all around us: 3M, BMW, American Apparel and many, many others use it. We talked with a number of designers and developers to find out what the fuss is all about with Helvetica Neue.
Who uses it?
Lots of people. Helvetica Neue can be found everywhere: websites, products, publications (including this blog). Apple's embrace of Helvetica Neue means that its third-party iOS app-makers will likely adopt the typeface if they want their apps to fit with Apple's look. This includes major companies like Google, with its iOS Maps and Gmail.
But Helvetica Neue is the most ubiquitous in advertising copy and logos, where it is featured in large sizes.
“Historically, these fonts [Helvetica Neue] have figured prominently in the typographic vocabulary of the beauty and fashion industries, where they've been used for years to connote notions of modernity, Euro-centric sophistication and near-anorexic thinness,” Khoi Vinh, the former Design Director for The New York Times, wrote on his site Subtraction in a piece lamenting Apple's choice.
Is it readable?
Yes and no. Of course, you can read it, but the idea of readability falls on a scale. You can read any font if you stare at it long enough, but the best fonts—especially for devices, which further impair vision with artificial light—are quickly readable at many sizes. Good fonts can actually make reading quicker and more intuitive.
Stephen Coles, a typographer and editor of multiple typography publications, cites a number of problems with the Helvetica Neue: Uniformity of lettershapes makes it difficult to read at small sizes; many characters are so similar they can be confused (e.g. lowercase ‘l' and uppercase ‘I'); the apertures, or openings in letters characters like ‘e' and ‘9,' are small, causing them to blur; tight spacing makes the space within letters much larger than the space between letters, further straining the eyes.
“In short, Helvetica has almost none of characteristics that are required for readability at small sizes or long passages: rhythm, openness, moderate letterspacing, moderate contrast,” he told me. Jürgen Siebert, CMO at FontShop AG, a German font foundry, says the great leap forward with Helvetica Neue isn't the look of the font but the underlying technology. In a piece from the German FontBlog.de and translated in Typographica, he says Text Kit and Dynamic Type, which are features new to iOS 7, make any font easier to use. Text Kit, which Apple engineer Ian Baird called “the coolest feature in iOS 7,” lets designers use substantially less code to deploy text. Dynamic Type lets users change the font sizes—so that they can accommodate their own vision needs. Is it good design?
For the most part, developers seem to think so. Michael Simmons, a developer and co-founder of Flexibits, which makes iOS apps, told me, “It's a clean font that looks very nice.” It's “modern, nice, readable, not awkward.”
Typography designers, not so much.
Graham Clifford, president of Type Directors Club, an industry organization, feels the font choice doesn't speak well for Apple's design. “It feels more like a default position rather than a design decision,” he said.
Why is Apple using it?
The font comes in many weights and is compatible across browsers and platforms. Like many of Apple's products, Helvetica Neue has an industrial feel. Apple is also sticking to the font for branding/continuity purposes—the company has used it before and will probably use it again.
Flexibits' Simmons says staying with a more standard font is part of a larger design ethos for Apple: “With iOS 7, the whole design message is clear: It's less about the design and more about the usability.”
Coles are less generous. “Helvetica is a safe bet for any designer. It aways ‘looks good.'” The subtext here is that Apple isn't a company that should be going with safe bets — it should be a design leader.
Should Apple switch to a different typeface?
Coles and Clifford argue for an Apple-designed typeface, though with iOS 7 coming out this fall there isn't much time. “I would have thought designing a custom screen font would have been a smarter idea — one that works better on the technology and reinforces a more distinctive brand voice,” says Clifford.
Cole agrees. “Even Myriad, the typeface that Apple has used for years as a corporate and marketing face, would be a better choice,” he said. “Apple would do even better to make their own typeface that is not only designed specifically for their OS and devices, but also lends the products a distinctive identity. Because in iOS 7, more than ever before, the type is the brand.”
We're holding our annual RoadMap conference in November in San Francisco, which will focus on experience design for the tech industry.
This story was corrected at 7:22 pm with the correct attribution of the iOS 7 GIF. It was created by Justin Youens.
[NOTE: I suggest reading this previous post for some background information on why the repeal of Obamacare took so long, and why most people don't even realize that Congress actually did repeal it in January of 2016.]
A few days ago I wrote a post about Paul Ryan and the accomplishments of this GOP Congress under him. Now, a lot of people can't stand either of those entities—Ryan, or almost all of the Republicans in Congress—and are quite vocal about that. I have my own quarrels and disappointments with them, as I have with pretty much all politicians over time. But in my continuing effort to look at what they've actually been doing or not doing rather than focusing on what other people would have you think they're doing or not doing, I'm calling your attention to the fact that a couple of days ago they presented their plan to replace Obamacare.
Let's pause for a moment to reflect on the fact that the lack of an alternative plan was a big big criticism of the GOP, from left and some on the right, and certainly from the press. In this post from about a year ago, I discussed the fact that although they lacked a single, agreed-on plan, they actually had a variety of them that had been proposed by different GOP factions over time. Back in January, right after Paul Ryan became Speaker, I wrote a post quoting his promise to release a “long-awaited replacement plan for the health care law” (he's also promised “a tax reform proposal; welfare reform; and other major policy initiatives”). It could not have been the least bit easy for him to get them to agree on this, and if nothing else it represents a formidable feat of cat-herding.
Ryan knew that Obama will veto any bill based on these measures if it ever passes, but he wanted to “go on offense in 2016 and we have to offer a bold agenda…The people of this country who do not like the direction America is heading, which we don't ”¦ we owe them an alternative.”
And yet I wonder how many people on the right even know of any of this. And I wonder how many people on the right hate Ryan and Congress so much—for whatever reasons—that they're not interested in anything they say or do at this point, and dismiss it automatically. I also wonder whose interests this serves.
It was easy to miss the news of the rollout of this plan, wasn't it? You can blame Paul Ryan for that, too, or you can reflect on how very difficult it is to get coverage for your wonky proposals from an MSM that's largely against you, and to compete with all the sexier and more dramatic news of the Trump statements du jour and the Brexit upheaval.
Oh, and if you're interested in learning some of the details of Ryan and the GOP's proposal (which you will no doubt find imperfect, as all such things are), go here and here. IF you're feeling especially ambitious and thorough (not to say OCD), the entire 37-page document can be found here.
[NOTE II: I have been impressed by how relatively little attention this has gotten. Even I, who follow the news closely, didn't know this had happened (on June 22) until today, when I noticed an email about it in my Inbox. The fact that the GOP Congress actually did repeal Obamacare—a repeal that Obama then vetoed, of course—has been relatively unknown and unappreciated, as well.]
[ADDENDUM: I just noticed that Megan McArdle has written a piece discussing the plan.
Something I think is especially attractive is this: “Getting rid of…a lot of the regulatory mandates for benefit levels.” Obamacare took away the option of buying catastrophic insurance, for example, something people with good health often have found to be a very good deal and should be allowed to select, IMHO.]
We've heard suggested, for example, that it's a backdoor route to immigration reform or action on climate change…. My sense is that the rate these hypotheticals are going, you're bound to hear that a future president working on a trade deal might have second thoughts about the Louisiana purchase.
In a speech on the Senate floor on May 22, Democratic senator Ron Wyden of Oregon ridiculed those who thought climate change regulation would be part of Obamatrade:
But in an interview on NPR's Marketplace yesterday (June 3), President Obama said that enforcing climate change regulations will indeed be part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Obamatrade pact that he is currently negotiating with Malaysia and 10 other countries. He said:
If we want to solve something like climate change, which is one of my highest priorities, then I've got to be able to get into places like Malaysia, and say to them, this is in your interest. What leverage do I have to get them to stop deforestation? Well part of the leverage is if I'm in a trade relationship with them that allows me to raise standards.
In December, Obama will negotiate a multi-country climate agreement in Paris. We already know from Obama's joint announcement with China that he will commit the United States to a huge reduction in carbon emissions of 26%-28% from 2005 levels, but he will let China, already a much larger carbon emitter, continue to expand its carbon emissions until 2030.
Obama would not need to get Congress to approve the unfair climate change treaty terms that he negotiates. Instead, he could get the Commission set up by the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement to add those terms to the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
One evening in the summer of 2004, Ralph Johnson, a former investment banker who is a current employee of a "financial consulting firm" and a partner in "a precious metals venture," had a little tiff with his girlfriend, Alison Bongo. The couple was at a "Manhattan nightspot," when Ms. Bongo "blew up" after Johnson, her live-in boyfriend, "spoke to another woman."
Back at their apartment, "the argument escalated" (on her end) when Bongo "confronted" Johnson with a bank statement with an "unexplained charge for a hotel room." Johnson then responded in the way that is most infuriating to females, i.e. with silence. "I tried to talk to him about it and he wouldn't listen." Bongo became even more enraged as the silent treatment continued, even after she started "throwing things around and breaking windows." When Johnson finally reacted, it was by "carrying her to the doorstep and locking her out." Wrong move! Bongo started banging on the doors and "screaming at the top of her lungs," so loudly that a neighbor called the police. Six of them broke down the door and found Johnson sitting on the couch.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Naturally, they then proceeded to throw him on the ground, face first. What happens next is in dispute. But perhaps the question a cop nervously asked Ms. Bongo before he left might be able to shed some light, namely, "if there was any reason a video camera would be set up in the apartment"?
He may have wanted to know because as a member of the NYPD, he was proud of having sodomized a citizen, as the victim alleges. The cops claim other than a little roughing up, they treated Johnson fairly); according to Johnson, they shoved a baton up his ass.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
"When I was faced down ... my legs were held and I felt a sharp jabbing pain into my rectum," Johnson testified. A doctor who examined Johnson testified that he saw abrasions and oozing blood that were "consistent with what he said happened to him."
Prosecutors say Johnson's jeans had "a hole torn through the seat and lab results confirming his DNA was on a skinny, retractable police baton." The defense claims there are holes in Johnson's story because he can't identify who did what he alleges to him (perhaps because his face was on the floor) and because "he was wearing underwear and, low and behold, the underwear has no hole in it."
Johnson says, who is seeking unspecified damages, says he initially didn't want to go forward with the allegations because he was worried the police "would put me on the news [and that] they would contact my employer and all my clients."
The trial is still ongoing but for those of you hoping it'd be the thing that brought Johnson and Bongo back together, think again.
At the current trial, Bongo coolly recounted how the arrest was the beginning of the end for the couple. "Do you have any interest in testifying on behalf of Mr. Johnson or helping Mr. Johnson?" his lawyer asked. "No," she replied, without hesitation.
Case Alleging Sodomy By Police Emerges In NY Court [AP]
Surveillance videos from two angles show the moment a car careened into a Valley Glen Starbucks. Adrian Arambulo reports for the NBC4 News at 11 p.m. on Thursday, July 20, 2017. (Published Thursday, July 20, 2017)
A two-vehicle crash in Valley Glen sent a car crashing into a crowded Starbucks, damaging the coffee shop and injuring seven people Thursday afternoon.
The crash occurred in the 12900 block of West Victory Boulevard in the Valley Glen neighborhood of Los Angeles just after 1 p.m., according to the Los Angeles County Fire Department. Seven people were evaluated for injuries on scene and three were sent to trauma centers with broken bones.
"Something just crashed, the glass breaking, wheels screeching, people screaming - everything's chaotic," said witness Eden Comidi.
The accident occurred when one car tried to make a left turn onto Coldwater Canyon Avenue and another car came through the intersection on a yellow light, the Los Angeles Police Department said.
Car Careens Into Starbucks, Injuring 7
Seven people at a Valley Glen Starbucks couldn't get out of the way and were injured when a car crashed into the building. John Cádiz Klemack reports for the NBC4 News at 6 p.m. on Thursday, July 20, 2017. (Published Thursday, July 20, 2017)
Surveillance video shows the moments the car crashed into the crowded Starbucks. Fire authorities said the collision caused "an unknown amount of structural damage," but the shop was expected to open by mid-afternoon on Friday.
"It's very fortunate no one else was injured more seriously," said Los Angeles Fire Department Battalion Chief Dale Drummond.
American Muslim filmmaker, Samah Safi Bayazid shared this wonderful story on her facebook page on the 8th of May.
The best story that happened to me since the beginning of this year. ✨
I was visiting London last month and after finishing a work related event, I went out with my friends to a park near the hotel. The park was beautiful and its trees were filled with beautiful blossoms and roses so we decided to take some photos.
As I stood underneath a cherry blossom tree while my friend Rawan was photographing me, an older man approached us and started speaking to us with a heavy Scottish accent saying “I have a suggestion to enhance the photo, I will shake the tree while your friend takes your photo” and what do you know, the blossoms started falling down just like rain and we ended up with a magical photo (you'll find it in comments). We thanked him than we got preoccupied with taking more group photos.
I spoke with my friend Selma about the man and how he gave us a clever idea. It caught Selma's attention that he could be homeless and so I told her that he didn't mention any help and didn't have a sign or a place for donations. But regardless, we decided to go back to him to sincerely thank him one more time.
He was sitting peacefully on bench near the entrance of the park. We greeted him and asked his permission to sit and chat with him.
While speaking to him, he informed us of his name; Andrew and that he's Scottish and that despite the beauty of this park, nothing compares to the beautiful mountains in Scotland. He didn't mention that he was homeless nor ask for help. So we honestly asked him if he had a home or if he lived here (the park).
With shyness and humility he responded that he he was homeless and lived in the park. We asked if there were homeless shelters in the area and he said there is one nearby but it costs 30 euros per night and included a dinner meal and a bed to sleep in. It's like a hotel but he had to pay every night. He then changed the subject saying that he's ok and knows how to take care of himself. I really liked his determination.
I had an idea! I told him that “you're a talented person and your suggestion to our photo was amazing. Imagine if you had an instant camera and you photographed people with it and at the same time you earned money from doing so you have enough for food, even if it were one meal!”
I was speaking to him with excitement but didn't see the same energy from him; maybe it's due to how many people approach to help him but don't take much action. He said that it was a great idea but didn't have money to buy a camera. So I told him that I would buy it for him. I promised him that I would look into it and when I find one that's reasonably priced, I will return to him with a camera in my hand. He thanked me (in disbelief) and said that he was at this park everyday.
Selma and I walked the streets and searched for stores that sold cameras. We asked store owners in the streets to help direct us to a nearby store. We found one and found a camera that had good quality and reasonably priced. I bought it right away and was full of excitement! Selma bought an extra film and batteries and we asked the owner to teach us how to use it and to write down his number and address on a piece of paper.
We then went to a craft store and bought a poster board, markers and a clear plastic cover for the board (protect it from rain) and we wrote the following in the board:
“Do you want an instant photo?
I'm a homeless photographer, Support me ☺️
5£/Photo”
We returned to the park very excited to surprise him and bring happiness to his heart but we couldn't find him. We searched the entire park. A few of my friends; Rawan and Franka went to the airport to catch their flight while Selma and Maryem went back to their hotel to checkout and come meet me when they are done. As for me, I stayed sitting on the bench waiting for Andrew for hours while holding the sign.
Then Maryem and Selma entered the park along with Andrew. They found him waking around looking for something he had lost. I greeted him and said: “I got you a gift and fulfilled my promise” I took out the camera from behind my back and he was shocked and started laughing and tearing. He held it in disbelief and read the sign we made and became extremely happy!
Selma taught him how to use it and we gave him the paper that had the store info near the park and we explained to him that if he ran out of film or batteries, he could buy them from the same store. We also mentioned that one film can take up to 20 photos and it costs 20 Pounds so if he were to take two photos, he's able to buy himself a meal everyday and is able to buy a new film every few days. And we hoped he would take a lot of photos.
Meriem told him that we will be his first customers. She gave him 5 euros and we asked him to take our photo. He photographed us and it was beautiful! We left it with him so he remembers us and Meryem wrote on the back of it “a gift from your Muslim friends” while we were in the park, Andrew photographed two other strangers and I was so happy with his customers; probably more than he was.
While saying goodbye to him, I finally told him that we have a saying in Arabic that says: “don't give me a fish, but give me a fishing rod and teach me how to fish” and this is exactly what we have done with you. This camera will not change your life, dear Andrew; but it could be the beginning and help you get your daily needs without having to rely on anyone. He told us with full confidence that “next time, when you all visit London, I will buy you coffee and that's my promise to you all”
His last sentence touched my heart. The sparkle that I saw in his eyes… the sparkle of “I am able to do something” was the most beautiful thing that has happened to me since the beginning of the year.
I will end this story with 3 important things:
I asked Andrew for his permission to take his photo and share it as a success story to inspire others and he agreed and was very happy about that.
Andrew is present daily at Holland Park in London (Olympia District). He's usually sitting on the bench in the entrance. If you're ever in the area, I encourage you to visit him and support him by having him photograph you and sharing your photo by using the hashtag below.
The purpose of sharing this post is to ask all of you to help someone around you that is in need with something simple and in a genuine and creative way. You don't have to be an organization or rich to help someone and your help doesn't necessarily have to be a drastic help that would change someone's life around but a simple aide or help is more than enough and it's the least we can all do.
Finally, we created a hashtag on the sign and Andrew was the one that suggested it. It resonated with his Scottish roots. And we asked him to tell everyone he photographed to share their photo using the hashtag #AndrewBraveHeart on Instagram.
Yesterday as I was searching for it, I found a few people who posted their photos and he's taking photos until now and that's the best ending to this story/post!.
My sincere love and peace to this world, 🙏🏻 ❤️
Samah Safi Bayazid #london
Two days after the post which gained huge publicity, Mrs. Bayazid mentioned that the story reached one of the charity organizations that care about homeless people and they promised to provide home and healthcare for Andrew.
Folsom, California is a suburb of Sacramento, probably best known for the iconic Folsom Prison of Johnny Cash fame. It's also home to Vista Del Lago High School where a different sort of trouble is brewing. Teachers and administrators are worried about threatening chants which have broken out during school sporting events and other gatherings.
The offensive speech in this case consists of chants of “USA!” which erupt from the crowd at moments of great excitement. And yes, while it seems to boggle the imagination, that particular chant has been described as being potentially inappropriate and intolerant. (CBS Sacramento)
Controversy erupts at Vista Del Lago High School in Folsom over students chanting “USA.” It's a popular way to for students to show pride during sporting events and rallies, but school and district officials are now warning students that the chants could appear inappropriate and intolerant. “I wasn't angry, but I was definitely like ‘Why can't we chant USA?'” said senior Ryan Bernal, “To say USA, you know, we're all the same. We're all American. It doesn't matter what your skin tone is or where you're from.” The chants are now causing chatter campus-wide after school staff brought up the topic to a leadership class.
The school wants to be clear that the chant hasn't been officially banned or forbidden. The school's principal just feels that there's a time and a place for chanting USA and perhaps it would be better to do it after the playing of the National Anthem or reciting the pledge of allegiance. (Don't tell Colin Kaepernick that.) At this point these are just suggestions and they're likely to be put to the test during tonight's football game where the theme is scheduled to be, “USA Pride.”
This isn't the first time this complaint has surfaced but it hasn't gotten any more sensible with age. If we were talking about kids chanting “USA” at a group of foreign tourists you might have room to argue that they're being “offensive.” (Though that's still an incredibly weak argument.) But these are situations where majority white audiences are chanting it during games against other schools with more minority students. Here's a news flash for you. Pretty much all of those students are citizens of the same country. (With the possible exception of some illegal aliens or the occasional exchange student.) Chanting the name of their own country isn't offensive and if they think it is for some reason then there's something seriously wrong going on in their homes.
What we're seeing here are further symptoms of a society in decay. When you begin to not only lose your sense of your national identity but start identifying it with something negative or shameful, that's a country which is swirling the drain. The fact that it's taking place in our schools where the next generation of young minds are being molded should be alarming to anyone. This is a cry for help, but nobody seems to be listening.
WASHINGTON — Virgin Galactic is on schedule to begin flights of its small-satellite launch vehicle by the end of 2016, hoping to tap into what the company's chief executive believes is a lucrative and growing market.
In a speech at the Satellite 2015 conference here, George Whitesides said the success of some small-satellite ventures in recent years, and the emergence of a number of new ones planning in some cases hundreds of satellites, offered a promising market for his company.
“There are several key trends converging now in the small space sector that have the potential to reshape our industry,” he said. Those trends include an “insatiable demand” for communications and other data services, the application of mass production techniques to small satellites, and an influx of funding into the industry.
That potential, he argued, can't be fully realized if companies have to rely on secondary payload accommodations on other launches or deployment from the International Space Station, as many smallsats are currently launched. “With those secondary opportunities, you hardly get any choice of where and when you can fly,” he said.
Whitesides hopes that Virgin Galactic's LauncherOne, first announced in 2012, can solve that by providing dedicated launches of small satellites, weighing up to about 225 kilograms, for less than $10 million. “As time has gone by, I've only gotten more and more excited about it,” he said.
The company recently started hot-fire tests of an engine called Newton 3 developed by Virgin Galactic for the first stage of LauncherOne, Whitesides said. That engine, capable of generating 265,000 to 335,000 newtons of thrust, uses liquid oxygen and kerosene propellants.
“We're now to the point where we're very confident that we can build a very affordable rocket,” Whitesides said. After his speech, he said the company was on schedule to begin flights by the end of 2016, with even initial test flights likely carrying some satellites.
When Virgin Galactic unveiled LauncherOne in July 2012, the company announced several initial customers, including Skybox Imaging, GeoOptics, Spaceflight, Inc. and Planetary Resources. The company has signed up several additional customers since then, Whitesides said, but has not disclosed them publicly.
Virgin Galactic has also moved LauncherOne operations from the company's main facility in Mojave, California, to a new one in Long Beach, California, that the company announced in February. In addition to existing staff that moved to Long Beach, a job fair held March 7 at the Long Beach site attracted between 5,000 and 6,000 job applicants, Whitesides said, seeking about 100 open positions.
The decision to move LauncherOne work to Long Beach was based on a desire to access a larger potential workforce than possible in Mojave, a small town about 150 kilometers from Los Angeles. Unlike the development of SpaceShipTwo, which was done in conjunction with Scaled Composites in Mojave, Whitesides said Virgin Galactic was free with LauncherOne to find other locations in southern California with a larger pool of qualified workers to draw from.
Work continues on Mojave on a second SpaceShipTwo suborbital vehicle, replacing the one lost in a fatal crash in October 2014. “We're probably as much as 90-percent structurally complete” on that vehicle, he said, although he said there were “several months” of work remaining on the vehicle's other systems before flight tests could begin.
That work is in progress even as the National Transportation Safety Board continues its investigation into the accident. “We're a party in the investigation, so we can get a sense of what their findings are and, to the extent any are safety-related, we can act on them before the report comes out,” he said, adding that he could not discuss any specific steps while the investigation is ongoing.
The world of cloud storage is a hot one with a few companies vying for attention. While many use Microsoft's native OneDrive for online storage, there are just as many who use Dropbox, especially in the corporate environment. The ability for workers to use Dropbox anywhere, anytime is a top priority, which is why Microsoft and Dropbox are announcing support for Windows 10 with a new app.
"Microsoft is excited to partner with Dropbox to bring more cloud storage and productivity services to Windows 10 across PC and tablets. With the arrival of Dropbox, Windows 10 fans have easy and convenient access to photos, documents, and files anytime, anywhere." —Steve Guggenheimer, Corporate Vice President of Developer Platform & Evangelism and Chief Evangelist, Microsoft
Dropbox app for Windows 10 is now live in the Store for PC and tablets (mobile version is coming), and this app is no simple storage app. The list of features even surpasses Microsoft's own OneDrive in many ways, and it is fantastic to see such sincere collaboration.
Some of those features like drag and drop and Windows Hello integration are very exciting to see in a third-party app and speaks to the level of detail when designing this app.
More information about the Microsoft and Dropbox partnership is revealed by Microsoft's Steve Guggenheimer at the Windows Blog.
Go and grab the new Dropbox app for Windows 10 and let us know what you think! [Note: Mobile version of the app has yet to be updated for Windows 10 Mobile and is doing the coming days]
Download Dropbox for Windows 10 Mobile and PC
Source: Dropbox
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
Using the CRISPR gene-editing tool, scientists from Harvard University have developed a technique that permanently records data into living cells. Incredibly, the information imprinted onto these microorganisms can be passed down to the next generation.
RISPR/Cas9 is turning into an incredibly versatile tool. The cheap and easy-to-use molecular editing system that burst onto the biotech scene only a few years ago is being used for a host of applications, including genetic engineering, RNA editing, disease modeling, and fighting retroviruses like HIV. And now, as described in a new Science paper, it can also be used to turn lowly microorganisms into veritable hard drives.
Scientists have actually done this before, but in a completely artificial way from start to finish. In these prior experiments, information was encoded into a DNA sequence, the DNA synthesized, and then that was it—all the information remained outside the realm of living organisms. In the new study, a Harvard research team led by geneticists Seth Shipman and Jeff Nivala went about DNA data storage in a completely different way.
“We write the information directly into the genome,” Nivala told Gizmodo. “While the overall amount of DNA data we have currently stored within a genome is relatively small compared to the completely synthetic DNA data storage systems, we think genome-based information storage has many potential advantages.” These advantages, he says, could include higher fidelity and the capability to directly interface with biology. For example, a bacterium could be taught to recognize, provide information, and even kill other microorganisms in its midst, or provide a record of genetic expression.
“Depending on how you calculate it, we stored between about 30 to 100 bytes of information,” said Nivala. “Which is quite high compared to the previous record set within a living cell, which was ~11 bits.”
To do it, the researchers used the bacteria's built-in immune system—in the form of CRISPR—to write data directly onto the genome of the bacterial cells. This allowed the modified bacteria to pass on this customized information to the next generation, making this form of biological data storage extremely efficient and powerful.
Shipman and Nivala leveraged the power of bacteria's built-in immune system, a.k.a. CRISPR, to make this possible. Whenever a virus attacks a bacterium, CRISPR diligently records the event in the DNA, which it can then reference in the event of a renewed viral attack. It does this by storing tiny sequences of the viral DNA itself, called spacers. In their experiment, the researchers wanted to see if these spacers could be added in a particular sequence, which would create a timeline of when these spacers were added.
The researchers figured that this temporal ordering of spacers could form the basis of a molecular recording device. During the experiment, loose segments of DNA were injected into a strain of E. coli bacteria equipped with CRISPR/cas9. But these bits of DNA weren't arbitrary—they contained specific strings of data that contained specific sequences of letters chosen by the scientists. These segments were introduced one at a time, and the bacteria systematically integrated them in a linearly coherent manner to reflect the order in which they were introduced.
The researchers only added a few spacers to demonstrate their theory. But given that other spacers are available, there's an absolutely staggering number of possible combinations.
“These experiments lay the foundations for a recording system that could be used to monitor molecular events that occur over long time periods,” said Nivala. “For instance, it could eventually help us answer questions like what happens to the gene regulation inside a cell as it goes from a healthy to disease state. Or it could also be used to record information on the cell's outside environment, for example the presence of specific chemicals, toxins, or pathogens.”
Moving forward, the team would like to boost the system so that data can be stored more completely at the level of single cells, instead of having to use a population of cells to encode/decode the information.
[Science]
Apple's Siri keeps getting smarter -- here are ten neat things you can do with Siri on your iPad or iPhone.
Setting Siri
Siri can be invaluable when you're trying to get to the settings for a specific App -- just tell Siri, "Open (name the app) settings and it will do just that. I use "Siri, open Music settings" when on the move to toggle my iTunes' 'Show All Music' setting to show only the music I have on the device, as I don't always have bandwidth to stream other tracks from my iTunes Match account.
Also read: Quick guide: How to improve Siri in iOS 7 (these tips still work in iOS 8).
Hear better
You can help Siri listen better by correcting its mistakes. When you issue a command look at the speech bubble that shows what you said. Siri underlines words it's unsure of in blue. Tap that word and a dialog box offers you alternatives or lets you speak the word once again. Siri becomes more sensitive to your own unique pronunciation over time.
Open Siri
Siri will launch any app you have installed on your iPhone -- even that little-used app you can't recognize the icon of on your Home Screen. If you have two apps with similar names, Siri will check.
Messages with Siri
This is particularly useful if you have 'Hey Siri' active and your device plugged in: you can get Siri to read your messages, just say "Hey Siri, read my latest email", or "read my latest message", or "play my voicemail" and Apple's assistant swings into action. You can ask Siri to "Find email about" any named topic.
Musical Siri
Got your iOS device connected to power and "Hey Siri" active? Try this: "Hey Siri, play [your favourite band]" and Siri will shuffle tracks from that band. You can also ask it to skip tracks, or play specific tracks. Siri also integrates Shazam music recognition in iOS 8 so you can ask it to identify (or even purchase) songs you hear during your day.
Homework
For fun, tell Siri: "I want you to do my homework." It's also amusing to ask Siri to read a text with emoji characters as Siri knows what each one means.
[ Further reading: 5 great faxing apps for iOS and Android ]
Relationships
If you have a contact file for a person you can teach Siri things about them, for example if your manager is Jane Doe you can ask it "Remember Jane Doe is my manager" and it will add this to the contact file. Then you can ask Siri to "call my manager".
More questions
Siri's smart enough to tell you what you can ask it to do -- just say, "What can I ask?" to see what you can request and ask for in 24 categories. Open each category to find a longer list of supported requests.
Your Twitter assistant
You can ask Siri to post Twitter of Facebook updates, just say "Post to Facebook" or "Tweet" and follow this with what you wish to post. You can also tell it to "Search Twitter for [specific thing]" and it will find posts about this topic for you.
What time is it in…?
Siri will tell you the current time in any major city.
Also read:
Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple?
Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld.
Marco Reus only suffered a bruised knee in Borussia Dortmund's 2-0 DFB-Pokal win at Dynamo Dresden on Tuesday and is not set to be ruled out for the rest of the season, according to Ruhr Nachrichten.
Reus, 25, left the pitch limping after only 24 minutes following an off-the-ball foul by Dresden's Dennis Erdmann.
When doctors checked for a possible anterior cruciate ligament tear at the Glucksgas Stadium there was speculation that the Germany international had suffered another major injury setback.
Reus, who signed a new Dortmund deal in February, has already been sidelined twice with severe ankle injuries this season and has been limited to just 19 competitive appearances for his club.
Marco Reus' injury is reportedly not as bad as first feared.
However, on Wednesday morning, Ruhr Nachrichten reported that Reus suffered only a bruised knee, easing worries that the attacker's season could be cut short.
Erdmann added in Ruhr Nachrichten: "Reus ran against my knee, and suffered a thigh knock. I played in the Kreisliga [the lowest division in German football] in the past. There, you'd have only looked at it, rubbed it, and played on. But I don't think that's common in the Bundesliga business these days."
Speaking to reporters at his postmatch news conference, Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp had said that Reus appeared to have only suffered a thigh knock, but added that he would face an uphill task to be fit in time for the Bundesliga clash at Hamburg on Saturday.
THE family of the only prison officer to be assassinated in the Republic believe they know the identity of his killer after new evidence came to light in recent weeks.
THE family of the only prison officer to be assassinated in the Republic believe they know the identity of his killer after new evidence came to light in recent weeks.
Former Portlaoise chief prison officer Brian Stack's children will tomorrow ask Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams to pressure senior party colleagues to confess anything they know about the murder 30 years ago.
The father of three was shot in the back of the neck on March 25, 1983, on a busy Dublin street after leaving a boxing contest at the National Stadium.
Paralysed and brain-damaged from the shooting, he suffered for a further 18 months before dying from his injuries at the age of 47.
Austin Stack, who followed in his father's footsteps and is now assistant governor of Dublin's Wheatfield Prison, said he will be asking Mr Adams to use his influence to help secure an IRA admission and apology.
"I am confident I know the identity of the killer and the identity of the individual who sanctioned it, and I want Gerry Adams to talk to his organisation and try to get people who know something to talk to us," he said.
Mr Stack has been gathering evidence from a number of sources on his father's murder over recent years.
But he said corroborating evidence received in the last month has convinced him of the identities of the gunman, his getaway motorcycle driver and the man who sanctioned the killing within the IRA leadership.
His family have now ruled out any possibility of organised crime gang involvement in the shooting.
They are certain their father was assassinated because of the strict security regime he implemented at Portlaoise, which housed all republican prisoners at the time.
"I'm led to believe he organised searches quite regularly, he changed locks once a month - the Provos had no peace with him when he was there," said Mr Stack.
"He was determined the security of the prison wasn't going to be breached on his watch."
Mr Stack said his father was aware of plans for an IRA prison escape - an attempted break-out failed in 1985 - and thought there may have been insiders in cahoots with the Provos.
The prison officer chief had confided in a colleague that he had stumbled upon something, that if proven, would rock the State to its foundations.
Mr Stack said an IRA plan was hatched to remove his father from the prison.
"It was an act built out of vengeance and frustration," he said.
"The Provos could not do what they wanted to do down there and they needed to get my father off the scene."
An advocate of restorative justice, Mr Stack said he would like to eventually meet his father's killer.
"I would let the individual know the effects on my family, my mother and brothers - and even my children who never met their grandfather - and let them know the effect of what they did," he said.
"I would also ask them to explain to me why they did it, and how they are feeling about that now."
Both he and his brother Oliver will meet Mr Adams in Leinster House tomorrow evening.
The Sinn Fein leader has already told the Stack family not to raise their expectations that he or the Sinn Fein leadership can help with their particular requests.
But he said he would do whatever was in his power to help them find closure.
Justice minister Alan Shatter said Garda Commissioner Martin Callinan would also be meeting with the Stack family to discuss the progress of a re-investigation into the murder.
"I don't know whether Gerry Adams can tell us who carried out the murder," he said.
"Gerry Adams had connectivity with an organisation that carried out a lot of murders and I don't know if he will bring to the family any information that isn't presently either available to the family or An Garda Siochana.
"But I do know that the appalling murder of Brian Stack has been re-investigated by An Garda Siochana."
Mr Shatter said he did not yet know the outcome of the re-investigation but understood it was ongoing.
Online Editors
FED-UP passengers face the prospect of six strikes on our public transport as more bus and rail workers take on their bosses.
With crisis talks ongoing last night between Southern rail executives and RMT union bosses over next week's planned five-day walk-out, more rail and bus workers also said they were considering industrial action over working roles and conditions.
On top of months of delays and strikes, patience among businesses and commuters was at breaking point yesterday, with the head of Brighton and Hove Albion FC, Paul Barber, calling the impact of rail strikes "totally unacceptable".
Commuters now potentially face:
1. A five day walk-out next Monday-to-Friday by Southern rail conductors over changes to their roles which they say are unsafe and will lead to job losses. Talks with the RMT Union are expected to continue today.
2. A train drivers' strike over "ongoing issues" from Southern's new emergency timetable. (It cut 341 trains mid-July to cope with high conductor sickness levels - deemed by then-rail minister Claire Perry informal industrial action). Aslef union's ballots are due back at the end of August.
3. A ticket staff strike over the planned closure of Southern ticket offices, which they say threatens jobs, pay and safety. RMT Union's ballot of more than 1,000 staff opened Tuesday and is due to close August 16.
4. Second, co-ordinated ticket staff strike by TSSA union staff who say office closures would be a "recipe for confusion". Ballot announced yesterday of more than 250 station staff, due back on August 10. Any action planned for September.
5. Bus drivers and engineers strike, possibly as soon as next Friday, over allegedly "draconian management" and a "culture of fear". Unite said around 800 of its members at Brighton and Hove Buses and its subsidiary Metrobus, in Crawley, voted 71.4 per cent in favour of strike action, and 83.3 per cent backing industrial action short of a strike. Talks were ongoing yesterday to determine whether strike would go ahead. Brighton and Hove Buses chief executive Martin Harris challenged the union's ballot figures and denied staff were bullied into working overtime.
6. Second strike among bus drivers in Brighton and Hove. The GMB union said yesterday 102 members at Brighton and Hove Buses had voted 87 per cent in favour of a strike in a consultative ballot, with a formal ballot on the cards.
Last night Southern rail commuter Tom Constantine, 26, said the situation had gone too far.
He said: "Next week I have to work from home all week. I am lucky I can do that.
"I really don't have sympathy with either side, to be honest. I am not picking a side.
"But I am getting a bit sick of the RMT saying the public is on their side, when I don't really know if that's true any more."
BOSSES ON HOLIDAY AS STRIKE NEARS
WITH the biggest strike action of the bitter dispute between Southern Rail bosses and conductors about to start, two top managers are on holiday.
We can reveal Southern's second-in-command as well as the man who manages routes for passengers are on holiday, with the strike due to start on Monday.
Talks are set to continue today between Southern and the RMT union as the company tries to avert the five-day walk out among conductors over changes to their roles.
Yesterday it emerged that Dyan Crowther, chief operating officer of Southern's parent company Govia Thameslink Railway, is on annual leave until August 15, while passenger services director Alex Foulds is due back from annual leave on Monday (August 8).
A company spokesman defended their leave at such a critical time, saying “all managers have families like everyone else, and this dispute has been going on for a long time”.
She added that the dispute resolution via Acas had always been led by the human resources team, with members of the executive team.
She added: “In the meantime our chief executive, Charles Horton, is here, leading the operation in preparation for any strike.”
Southern said if the strike takes place it will cause “significant disruption with no service on some lines and only a limited service over limited hours on others”.
Ms Crowther has said the strike is unnecessary, saying all onboard staff had a job with no reduction in salary.
She said: “The sooner we can introduce the essential modernisation that our railways desperately need, the sooner we can stop the RMT from holding the passengers to ransom.”
Topics covered: Peyton Manning, Johnny Manziel, nerd glasses, time travel, and concussion worries in the NFL.
Peyton Manning is going out on top, leaving the NFL as a reigning Super Bowl champion. And not to take anything away from him, but that final victory is owed in large part to Denver Broncos' linebacker and defensive star Von Miller. The man known for wearing big glasses and making quarterbacks shake with fear racked up 2.5 sacks and two forced fumbles (one of which was returned for a touchdown) against Cam Newton and his Carolina Panthers. It won Miller SB50 MVP honors—and got Manning his fairytale ending. We caught up with him last week, before the news of Peyton's retirement (Miller thought Manning would come back, saying, "His legacy is already cemented...but if somebody asks me, I feel like he still physically can go. And mentally. With that said, I don't see why he wouldn't."), and he talked to us about the post-Super Bowl party scene, how many pairs of sneakers he owns, Johnny Manziel's recent struggles, and whether or not he'd let his son play football.
Got to know: what was that post-Super Bowl locker room scene like?
It was great. I got there late, after a lot of people. I was the last one out. I lost my pants. So it took me a little bit of time to find my pants. And the crazy thing is my pants were like five feet away from my bench, they were sitting right there. I just got all lost in the mayhem and forgot where I forgot my pants. I remember I'm in the locker room asking everybody, “Hey, y'all seen my pants?”
Was Peyton getting down? He's known for being serious all the time.
I didn't get a chance to party with Peyton but he had a wonderful time, from what I heard. It was a good time. We all enjoyed the win.
"It is shocking when you see a legend struggle and have challenges, and the stuff [Peyton]'s having challenges with he's made look so easy in the past. But that's the humbling part of the National Football League: everybody can't do it for ever."
Was it strange watching him struggle early in the season? I mean, he's Peyton Manning!
It is shocking when you see a legend struggle and have challenges, and the stuff he's having challenges with he's made look so easy in the past. But that's the humbling part of the National Football League: everybody can't do it forever. What's more special is he just altered the way he played for it to be effective for him. Some of the stuff he knew he wasn't able to do, he just didn't do, and he just perfected all of the stuff that he was good at. It was good enough to get us through to the Super Bowl.
You're a self-proclaimed nerd. What's the biggest “nerd” habit you still have?
I like the sci-fi channel. Just science in general. I came across a segment on time travel and how time travel is possible. We create a spaceship that's moving at almost the speed of light, we go in that spaceship in outer space and we fly around for a year, when we get back to Earth, Earth would've aged 10 years. But we've only aged a year. So I thought that was dope. And if you could slow time down, why can't you speed time up? That's just the stuff that intrigued me.
Alabama Running Back Derrick Henry's NFL Combine stats are almost identical to yours. Have you convinced the coaches to let you pull a J.J. Watt and play some offense?
Man, I've tried everything in the book. Coach Kub [Broncos Head Coach Gary Kubiak] is open to it, but we got guys that can score the ball. We've got big time tight ends. There's going to come a time and place where I'm on offense catching the ball—just right now we got big-time guys over there.
You're one of the great sack dancers in the league. Does your mom ever give you grief?
Nah. She like ‘em all. She's in love with ‘em.
There was all of that backlash against Cam Newton for his dancing. What did you make of all that?
I mean, when you win, I feel like you can do whatever you want to do.
Does it make sacking him any more satisfying?
Naw. I think it's just because everybody recognizes him and knows how good he is, how talented he is. So any play you make on him is times ten.
Is there a QB you like sacking over all others?
[It'd] probably be Derek Carr.
Why?
He's in the division. He's a really, really good quarterback. I know when we play the Raiders, that's the only way we can beat 'em. We got to get to him, we got to sack him to make it happen. He's a really talented quarterback, got a long career ahead of him and that's what makes me most nervous in the AFC West.
I hear there are quite a few jokes that go on in your locker room. What's the best prank you've pulled?
It's like free for all on the rookies, so we all just save it for the rookies. Shane's [Shane Ray, linebacker] been a good sport about everything. He passed his rookie class with flying colors. We did so much stuff to him. He handled it so well, it made you not even want to do the stuff.
"Nobody wants the concussion and nobody wants to go down that path and it's a real sensitive subject. All of this stuff is involved with the National Football League because it's a gladiator's game. That's why people pay attention to it. That's why people love it."
What was the best you got him?
We towed his car for parking on the line in the parking lot.
You have a great sneaker closet. Do you have a favorite sneaker?
Probably Christian Louboutin because they come out [with] so many and they're so exclusive and unique. They come out with two pairs of shoes like every week.
Do you have more sneakers or glasses?
Sneakers. I got like 120 pairs of glasses and 800 pairs of sneakers.
So have you ever worn the same sneaker twice?
The crazy thing is I got all of these shoes and probably 80 percent of them I've never worn before. [laughs] I've worn all the glasses. I sleep in them, bend them up a little bit. Glasses are on all the time except when I'm at practice or at work.
Who's the one guy you look at and you're like, “Damn, I wish I could pull that off,” style-wise.
I like Lil Wayne's style. His style probably influences me the most. Basically, he's just wearing exactly what he feels like wearing. He goes to the club and he's got shorts and a wife-beater on. That shows you what type of celebrity he is and what he is able to pull off, fashion-wise. I try to be in that same lane. I try to wear basketball shorts and a T-shirt to the club as well. It's just a lane that I appreciate because it's so unique. It's so him. And I try to incorporate the same type of swag and the same type of confidence in my wardrobe.
And on the flipside, is there a guy you look at and think, “Man, what are you doing?!”
I try to stay away from the negativity. Because it's so easy to hate. It's so easy to dislike and you really got to watch yourself whenever you are observing people. In our locker room, you got a lot of young guys that don't even know their fashion sense yet. And if you say some negative stuff to them you could send them down the wrong path and they [will] never want to express the way they look. However you want to come is just great.
Johnny Manziel is another member of that big Texas A&M Aggie family. Have you talked to him recently?
I talked to him today. We're going to start working out. I'm not too big to workout with my buddies. He was never too big to workout with me. I love him to death. And he knows the type of support he has. It's ultimately all up to the individual but it also takes a support system and the type of support Johnny has is second to none. I'm first on that list. Whatever he needs, I'm going to get it done for him.
Loading View on Instagram
You think we'll see him back in the NFL?
Not only will he be back in the league—of course I'm biased—I still feel like he has a lot of game left in him. I feel like the world hasn't even seen him get down yet. Some of the stuff he was doing in college, he gonna do the exact same thing in the National Football League. I feel like—you know you never want to blame a team—I don't think he had enough support around him. Who knows? You might see Johnny Manziel in Denver.
Does he seem like he's in a good place? Does he want to get back?
He wants to be great. And whenever you got that hunger for success and greatness, you're going to find a way. Sometimes you get caught in places where you can only see a foot in front of you, let alone looking 30 weeks, 40 weeks, a year down the road. I think he's just staying on a consistent path now of keeping his head down, working and paying attention to what's in front of him.
"I still feel like he has a lot of game left in him. Some of the stuff he was doing in college, he gonna do the exact same thing in the National Football League. You might see Johnny Manziel in Denver."
You've experienced your own adversity with injuries and suspension. Did you give him any advice?
That's just not the type of guy I am. I'm here for him. I got advice for days. I'm not the type of guy that's going to [say], hey, you should be doing this. Or doing that. He's on the right track. We've all made mistakes. I've made mistakes as well. I'll be the first one to tell anybody that. I'm here for him. And I wouldn't be there for him if he was doing crazy stuff. It's just how it is. I really think he's on the right track. I'm here for him—like I said—and we're going to get it done.
Nowadays you can't say "football" without hearing "concussions." Is that something players talk about and have on your mind constantly?
Injuries are involved in the National Football League. And nobody wants to be hurt. Nobody wants the concussion and nobody wants to go down that path and it's a real sensitive subject. But it is a part of our game. It is something that has to be acknowledged and the National Football League, they have taken steps every single year to make the game safer. Every single year it gets safer and safer. And I feel like if we continue own that same type of growth, football will be as a safe as we need it to be.
Do you worry about it though?
I don't worry about it, man. I hate to say that I'm not worried about it but I'm focused on my career. I'm focused on potential and my career, and how much I can get out of it. We just don't have negatives involved. All of this stuff is involved with the National Football League because it's a gladiator's game. That's why people pay attention to it. That's why people love it. Whenever you got a game so violent, there's going to be risk involved, health-wise. But I feel like the NFL has done countless measures and steps to make the game safer. And that's all you can really ask. We can go out there and play flag football if they want us to.
Would you let your son play?
I had great examples from my mom and my dad. They just let me follow my own path, they supported me in everything I did and [it] just happened to be football that I picked. I would do the exact same thing for him. You only get one life. I want him to enjoy it. But first time I see some type of injury or I don't like the way he's playing, I'll be the first one to pull him out. We'll go do skeet shooting or we'll run track. [laughs]
The second season of the Ore no Imouto ga Konna ni Kawaii Wake ga Nai (Oreimo) anime will adapt the plot of the original light novel series all the way through the final novel volume. The first season (including the series' alternate ending, "TRUE ROUTE") included the story up to the fifth light novel volume, and season two will continue through to the expected 12th volume. Both the final published novel volume and the second anime season are planned to end at the same time. The first 12 episodes of Oreimo were broadcast on television, with the four "TRUE ROUTE" episodes released online and on home video.
North American distributor Aniplex of America released a Blu-ray box set of the first season of Oreimo in January, complete with both the original and alternate endings. The new season is scheduled to air in April under the supervision of director Hiroyuki Kanbe, character designer Hiroyuki Oda and script editor Hideyuki Kurata.
So far, Stephen Colbert has not completely re-wired the late-night television machine with his particular brand of arch, sharp comedy. He still knows how to go star-powered clip to star-powered clip with the viral-mad Jimmys–Fallon and Kimmel–by, say, pondering life's mysteries with Scarlett Johansson or “silly walking” with Lupita Nyong'o . And his writing staff, as with many shows, is rather light on female talent .
But in at least one crucial way, Colbert is breaking with years of late-night tradition by booking guests who, while certainly high-powered, are not necessarily ready for their closeups. These folks are not Hollywood A-listers, but rather stars in government, technology, and, most notably, business. One woman on The Late Show crew is largely responsible for landing them.
“We are a long way from the era of the man in the gray flannel suit,” says Emily Lazar, co-executive producer and head of talent booking at The Late Show. “Many of the CEOs we're going after for the show are changing the world, and at a very fast pace. Our audience is interested in knowing about the people who are harnessing technology to reorder the way we live.”
Since Colbert's premiere earlier this month, Apple CEO Tim Cook, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk have been guests on the show–guests who would seem more at place on Colbert's previous politically minded satirical platform The Colbert Report. But as Lazar explains, what she's looking for when booking guests like inventor and designer Dominic Wilcox–who appeared on last night's show–is the broad description of anyone at the top of their respective games, and who possesses that catchall buzzword: “authenticity.”
“If you have ideas, or if you have interests, or you have a body of knowledge that is genuine, that you have committed your life to, we are infinitely interested in that,” Lazar says. “Because at the end of the day, Stephen has to talk to a person and that person has to represent their ideas and their beliefs and their motivation persuasively. We're looking for authenticity like everyone else.”
Here, Lazar breaks down her rationale in booking some of Colbert's more unorthodox late-night guests.
“He may not be a household name but the Iran deal could end up being the most important piece of negotiation in our lifetime.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 19, 2017, 8:42 PM GMT / Updated June 19, 2017, 10:22 PM GMT By Hannah Hartig, John Lapinski and Rezwana Uddin
Over 140,000 ballots have already been cast in the Georgia congressional race Tuesday in which Democrat Jon Ossoff is looking to flip a decades-held Republican seat and defeat GOP opponent Karen Handel — and there are some slightly positive signs for the Democrat.
As of June 19, 140,510 votes (a quarter of all registered voters in the district) have been cast. This number is more than double the number of early votes in the April 18 runoff election (58,825) and approaches the number of early voters for the 2016 presidential race last November (195,852).
Georgia's 6th Congressional District, which encompasses Fulton, Cobb and DeKalb counties in the highly-educated suburbs of Atlanta, has voted for Republican candidates for the House since 1979; in 2016, incumbent GOP candidate Tom Price won the district by double digits. But President Donald Trump only narrowly edged out Hillary Clinton in the same district — defeating her by 1.5 percentage points.
The now-vacant seat has caught the attention of Democratic fundraisers and strategists on the national stage who are trying to capitalize on anti-Trump sentiment across the country and sustain voter engagement in the months ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
This is also why combined campaign spending has surpassed $40 million dollars — a record for a House race. Does early vote suggest that Ossoff or Handel appear to be doing better? To take a closer look at how the race seems to be shaping up, the NBC Data Analytics Lab independently analyzed voter file data provided by TargetSmart.
Although Ossoff did remarkably well among early voters in the April 18 runoff election, he performed much worse among Election Day voters, and many more voters went to the polls rather than vote in advance. This is also consistent with patterns of early voting in key swing states that looked advantageous for Clinton in the 2016 general election but did not provide a solid enough lead to win.
The final result in the runoff election underscores an important caveat when interpreting early votes: Election Day turnout and voter composition is not fully known until Election Day and certainly has the ability to change the outcome of the election.
Demographics of early special election voters helps get a sense of how a race might be shaping up. In particular, party affiliation is usually the best predictor of how someone might vote. Using party affiliation as a proxy for vote choice is trickier in the case of Georgia, however, which does not require voters to self-affiliate with a particular party when registering to vote.
In order to gauge what types of voters might be turning out for the June 20 race, the NBC News Data Analytics Lab analyzed partisan scores computed and provided by TargetSmart. These scores estimate the likelihood that a voter supports the Democratic or Republican Party. Scores closer to 0 represent more likely Republican voters and scores closer to 100 represent more likely Democratic voters.
The figure below, which plots the distribution of partisan scores among April 18 voters overall, shows that Georgia District 6 voters are more Republican-leaning than Democratic.
The vote split in the April 18 contest showed a nearly equal number of voters supporting Democratic candidates and Republican candidates. Given this result, along with the known partisan distribution of April 18 voters, Ossoff needed to win Democrats as well as "middle of the road" voters and possible some moderate Republicans — or most of the voters in the partisan score range of 20 to 80. He seemed to succeed in doing so in the April 18 round of voting.
Among early June 20 voters, we see a similar distribution of partisans — indicating a likely close race between Ossoff and Handel.
While these scores give us some idea of the actual vote, they are only approximate, and other variables may be more useful in interpreting how a race is headed. Perhaps a more clear way to measure how Ossoff and Handel might be doing is to look at early voters by race.
In the April 18 election, African-American voters made up 10.5 percent of early voters and 8.81 percent of Election Day voters. In early June 20 voting so far, African-American voters make up 9.41 percent of early voters — down slightly from their proportion among early voters in the April 18 voting round. Hispanic and Asian voters, however, make up slightly larger proportions of the electorate — indicating that Ossoff's campaign might be successful in mobilizing other minority voters.
When looking at the number of early voters who have cast ballots by race, voters from all racial groups have cast more ballots for the June 20 election than in the April 18 election.
While Hispanic and Asian voters make up slightly larger proportions of early voters overall, the number of white voters — and their partisan leanings — are crucial unknowns for Handel and Ossoff. More white voters in GOP-rich sections of the district like Cobb and Fulton could be positive for Handel.
If Ossoff is able to secure the higher-educated white voters who are more moderate, he could pull off a win. What about those who sat out the first round, but have already voted in the June 20 race? While Ossoff captured 48 percent of all votes in the first round of voting, the Republican candidates taken together constituted 51 percent of the total votes.
The question for the June 20 election turns to whether the parties can keep these same voters engaged, while also encouraging new or infrequent voters to mobilize. Of those who have voted early so far in the June 20 race, 74 percent also voted in the April 18 primary runoff. That leaves 36,481 (26 percent) who did not vote in round one.
The age and racial breakdown of these voters may give some clues for whether these new voters might be leaning toward Ossoff or Handel. These voters are considerably less white than early voters overall — a potentially good sign for Ossoff.
Additionally, these voters skew slightly younger than early voters overall. This could potentially be another positive sign for Ossoff as Democrats tend to gain larger support from young voters.
Again, this analysis is only focused on early voters collected as of June 19. This does not mean Ossoff will win. But if one is to look for a slightly positive sign for Ossoff, the composition of the new voters who did not participate in the April 18 contest would be it. The size and composition of Election Day voters may alter these findings significantly.
What does this mean for national races and 2018? Nationally, Ossoff has become a litmus test for whether Democrats can ride a wave of anti-Trump sentiment to win traditionally red seats. But figuring out what the test results mean for the national political environment is a difficult task.
There are many months left before the midterm elections and the bitter political environment will most certainly change between now and then. Democrats will look to see how much better they can do in the district when the national spotlight — as well as millions of dollars in fundraising — are attuned especially toward them.
El Salvador created a slice of history as they won their first 11-a-side match at a FIFA tournament with a 2-1 victory over Australia at the Under-20 World Cup.
• Blog: Deulofeu dismantles USA
• Brassell: U-20 WC stars
• Bate: Best and worst of football
The Young Socceroos jumped quickly out of the block with Josh Brillante's cracking long-range effort giving the Australians the lead in the ninth minute.
But first-half goals to Diego Coca and Jose Pena were enough for the Central Americans to write their names into the history books.
Elsewhere in Group C, a solitary second-half stroke from Juan Quintero was enough for Colombia to down hosts Turkey.
The 1-0 victory sent the South Americans to the top of the group, a point ahead of Turkey and El Salvador.
Meanwhile, Mexico is on the brink of elimination after suffering a 1-0 loss to Paraguay - their second straight loss of the campaign.
Mexico will need a victory in their final group gamei to have any chance of qualification for the last-16 after Derlis Gonzalez grabbed the only goal of the game.
The South Americans now join Greece (four points) at the head of Group D after the Europeans could only manage a 0-0 draw with Mali.
An advertising campaign that explores the casual racism of Australians towards Indigenous people has been viewed more than 3.75 million times, but 20 per cent of respondents to a beyondblue survey still think it is OK to discriminate against Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders.
Beyondblue's "The Invisible Discriminator - Stop. Think. Respect" video highlights research by the charity that found one in five young Australians would move if a person of Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander descent sat next to them and the same percentage would keep an eye on an Indigenous person if they were shopping.
After the campaign was launched, beyondblue commissioned an independent evaluation by market researchers TNS, the results of which were released on Thursday.
The evaluation found that up to 21 per cent of respondents who had seen the scenarios depicting subtle discrimination in the video still thought the behaviour they depicted was acceptable, while 70 per cent agreed that "almost everyone has been a racist at some point in their lives".
FARGO – The El Niño weather pattern, the lack of snow and low soil moisture from a dry fall all added up to produce one of the warmest winters on record.
It ranked as the sixth warmest on record for North Dakota, and 46 of the contiguous states had a winter that was warmer than average, according to a report issued Tuesday by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Meteorological winter runs from December 1 through the end of February.
The Great Plains and Upper Midwest were among the regions with temperatures well above average, with some areas of North Dakota and Minnesota as many as 10 degrees warmer than usual, an NOAA map summarizing the notably mild winter shows.
Northern states saw a much warmer winter than normal largely due to the El Niño weather pattern, caused by warm water in the Pacific Ocean, which pushed the northern jet stream farther north, keeping away the frigid Arctic air.
"That's because we didn't see the Arctic outbreaks that we would normally see," said Brad Hopkins, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Grand Forks.
Also, the lack of snow cover-Fargo so far has seen 24.7 inches of snow, compared to the seasonal norm of 50 inches-kept air temperatures warmer, said Adnan Akyuz, North Dakota's state climatologist.
The average high temperature this winter for all of North Dakota was 20.5 degrees. In Fargo, it was 27.2 degrees, 5.8 degrees warmer than normal. In Grand Forks, it was 25.1 degrees, 5.6 degrees warmer than normal.
This winter's higher low temperatures were even more impressive: 12.7 degrees in Fargo, compared to a normal low of 3.8 degrees, and 9.8 degrees in Grand Forks, compared to a normal low of 0.5 degrees.
This year's exceptionally warm winter continues a gradual warming trend that has been evident for a century, Akyuz said. On average, temperatures in North Dakota were 4.7 degrees warmer than a century ago, the largest rise in the nation, mostly because of warmer winters, he said.
"This is the highest trend in the whole United States," he said. "One of the reasons is North Dakota is a very cold state. Therefore it bears the great potential to catch up."
The El Niño trend, although weakening, is expected to continue through the spring. If it holds, the spring should follow winter as warmer than usual.
That appears especially likely given the lack of snow cover and relatively dry soils, Akyuz said.
"Everything is telling us that the temperatures will be warmer," he said.
Enjoy the mild weather while it lasts. El Niño patterns usually are followed by La Niña patterns, which often produce colder and sometimes snowier winters, Akyuz and Hopkins said.
https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/obamas-latest-war/
We read “The House on Wednesday approved President Obama's plan to train and equip moderate Syrian rebels to counter the growing threat of the Islamic State terrorist organization even though lawmakers in both parties remain deeply skeptical about its chances for success.”
If we believe what we are reading, the goal is to counter IS. How might that be done if Washington actually wanted to do that? How about mobilizing those states in the region that are very close allies of the U.S., who have received a great deal of aid and military equipment over the years, who have military links to the U.S., and who have significant armed forces? There are these powers like Israel, Turkey, and Saudi Arabia. There are also Jordan, Egypt, and even Iraq.
But no. Instead, Obama plans to arm and train a group known as Syrian moderate rebels. This group has fought beside the IS fighters. It has links to IS. It, or parts of it, even recently signed a truce with IS. IS can infiltrate this group, can attack it and can steal more American-supplied weapons.
Why would Obama arm this group of hard to control people whose loyalties are so questionable, who cannot whip IS and don't want to and who will probably help IS?
Beyond the folly of it, there is a reason. We also read “Obama and administration officials have said that some aide [sic] may go to the Syrian Free Army, a group focused on defeating Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.”
This is the real purpose of the Obama plan. It is to train and arm anti-Assad rebels, the goal being to defeat Assad. The larger goal is to weaken Iran and Hezbollah by creating a new government in Syria. This is a pro-Israel strategy. This too is folly, but that's what Washington does. In the Iraq case, Congress bought the propaganda. This time around, the Congress is voting for the folly knowing full well that it is folly.
Has Congress given any thought to the fact that the U.S. is, with its approval and participation, openly aggressing against Syria? Can anyone in Washington make a case against Russia for anything it has done in Ukraine?
5:28 pm on September 17, 2014
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
BEIRUT, Sept 19 (Reuters) - Syrian or Russian warplanes bombed aid trucks near Aleppo late on Monday after a fragile week-long ceasefire ended, killing 12 people, most of them drivers, including Red Crescent workers, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported.
The British-based monitoring group said the trucks had made a routine aid delivery organized by an international organization to an area west of Aleppo city, and had been hit near the town of Urm al-Kubra.
The Syrian army could not immediately be reached for comment.
A local resident told Reuters by phone that the trucks had been hit by around five missiles while parked in a center belonging to the Syrian Red Crescent in Urm al-Kubra, and that the head of the center and several others were badly injured.
The aid convoys had been arriving regularly from Turkey and their contents were mostly supplied by various regional and international charities.
The United Nations had said earlier on Monday that aid including wheat flour and health supplies for 78,000 people was to be delivered to Urm al-Kubra.
The United Nations and Red Cross confirmed the convoy had been hit.
“We are deeply shocked that humanitarian workers and missions have yet again suffered from the brutality of this conflict,” the International Committee of the Red Cross said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
Volkswagen's stock crashed 20% Monday, wiping 16 billion euros ($18 billion) off the company's value after it was found to have misled U.S. regulators.
Federal and state regulators said Friday that the German company cheated on environmental standards by programming some diesel-fueled cars to turn on emission controls only when being tested.
Volkswagen, recently crowned the world's biggest carmaker by sales, also owns the Audi and Porsche brands.
The software is installed in nearly 500,000 cars on U.S. roads, including some of its luxury-brand Audi cars.
"The vehicles [with this software] would run 10 to 40 times more emissions than showing in the test," said Andrew Lee, an autos specialist at consultants Frost & Sullivan.
Regulators have ordered Volkswagen (VLKAY) to recall the vehicles. The company said it was halting sales of some cars in the U.S.
"This really does cast a negative light on Volkswagen, who are really well known in the industry for having very good mid-segment cars," said Lee.
Volkswagen stock hit its lowest level in nearly three years, and pulled down shares in other German automakers such as Daimler (DDAIY) and BMW (BAMXY).
Related: Volkswagen hid a car hacking for two years
The models affected include the VW Jetta, Beetle and Golf from 2009 through 2015, the Passat from 2014-2015 as well as the Audi A3, model years 2009-2015. Owners of the "CleanDiesel" automobiles have filed a class action lawsuit against Volkswagen.
The company said it was not aware of any similar issues outside the U.S.
"At this stage it's only in the U.S., we know the tests are different in the U.S. and we also know we have never had any recalls over this issue in the U.K. and Europe," said Volkswagen spokesman Paul Buckett.
Authorities in Germany ordered the country's carmakers to come clean on the scale of emissions manipulation. "This is a case of blatant consumer deception and environmental damage," said Jochen Flasbarth, the German government's senior environment official.
Related: These roads will charge cars as they drive
Volkswagen's recent global growth has not been matched in the U.S., where the group's market share has shrunk to 2% from 3% in 2012, Lee said.
The U.S. accounts for just 6% of Volkswagen group sales, but the company had been banking on its diesel cars to give it a boost.
Volkswagen has enjoyed a reputation for reliability and quality engineering and that will be damaged by the scandal. The automaker could face fines of up to $18 billion -- or $37,500 for each car that did not comply with legal standards.
CEO Martin Winterkorn, who survived an attempt to remove him from his position earlier this year, apologized to customers on Sunday for breaking their trust.
Some analysts say his position at the top of Volkswagen may once again be under threat because of the scandal.
"No question that this is a big problem for Volkswagen and could lead to CEO Martin Winterkorn losing his job after all," said Christian Stadler, a professor at Warwick Business School.
The group's board is meeting on Friday to decide whether to renew Winterkorn's contract until 2018.
Related: Volkswagen winning global sales race
-- Jackie Wattles contributed to this article.
Walnuts have been gathering attention for their health-promoting properties. They are rich in polyphenols, mainly ellagitannins (ETs) that after consumption are hydrolyzed to release ellagic acid (EA). EA is further metabolized by microbiota to form urolithins, such as A and B, which are absorbed. ETs, EA and urolithins have shown to slow the proliferation and growth of different types of cancer cells but the mechanisms remain unclear. We investigate the role of urolithins in the regulatory mechanisms in prostate cancer, specifically those related to the androgen receptor (AR), which have been linked to the development of this type of cancer. In our study, urolithins down-regulated the mRNA and protein levels of both prostate specific antigen (PSA) and AR in LNCaP cells. The luciferase assay performed with a construct containing three androgen response elements (AREs) showed that urolithins inhibit AR-mediated PSA expression at the transcriptional level. Electrophoretic mobility shift assays revealed that urolithins decreased AR binding to its consensus response element. Additionally, urolithins induced apoptosis in LNCaP cells, and this effect correlated with a decrease in Bcl-2 protein levels. In summary, urolithins attenuate the function of the AR by repressing its expression, causing a down-regulation of PSA levels and inducing apoptosis. Our results suggest that a diet rich in ET-containing foods, such as walnuts, could contribute to the prevention of prostate cancer.
Donald Trump's vendetta against Attorney General Jeff Sessions has gone underground for a few days, as the president savors the firing of White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus. But Trump's rancor at Sessions has not gone away.
His obvious motive in wanting Sessions out is getting an attorney general willing to do Trump's bidding and fire the special counsel, Robert Mueller. In this chess game, key Republican senators have indicated their support for Mueller, even warning Trump that they would refuse to confirm a successor and that they would block a recess appointment by keeping the Senate technically in session during the August break.
Trump looks to be on the verge of repeating Richard Nixon's fatal miscalculations in the October 20, 1973 Saturday Night Massacre, in which both Attorney General Elliot Richardson and Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus resigned rather than following Nixon's order to fire Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox. Nixon kept working his way down the Justice Department hierarchy until he found someone willing to do his bidding, Solicitor General Robert Bork.
This move got rid of Cox, but fatally damaged Nixon's relations with Congress and public opinion. A successor special prosecutor, Leon Jaworski, picked up Cox's investigation, impeachment charges were drawn up, and Nixon was compelled to resign.
Trump is not famous for reading history, much less learning from it. Once Trump makes up his mind that Mueller has to go, he will likely go as far down the Justice Department food chain as he needs to until he finds someone willing to do the deed.
Trump has a penchant for firing prosecutors when they begin getting too close to his affairs. He fired the FBI director James Comey, after Comey refused to follow Trump's suggestion that he go easy on former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. And he fired Preet Bharara, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, who was investigating Trump family financial dealings.
Trump has clumsily tried to impugn Mueller's integrity by suggesting that Mueller or his associates have conflicts of interest, and he as much as told the New York Times that if he didn't like where Mueller's investigation was heading, he would be inclined to force Mueller out.
But Republicans have warned Trump that if he fired Mueller they would change the law to make the special counsel fireproof. Sen. Lindsey Graham said flatly that firing Mueller would be “the beginning of the end of the Trump presidency.”
However that remedy could take some time. And in the meantime, Trump's designee could fire Mueller and order his files and his investigation to be turned over to the main Justice Department, thus slowing things down.
One thing Mueller might do is to give an interim report to key Congressional Committees. If Trump or his henchmen try to fire Mueller, he could also provide Congress with key documents, as well as litigate the firing.
Republicans in Congress, many of whom loathe Trump and his behavior, have been willing to work with him, opportunistically, because he serves their purposes of destroying government regulation, weakening public institutions, cutting taxes, and undermining several policies of the Obama era.
But after last week's serial reverses, Republican patience may be coming to an end.
On the heels of the defeat of the effort to repeal Obamacare and the astonishing way Trump used Anthony Scaramucci to oust Priebus, at least two dozen key Republican legislators have warned Trump not to fire Sessions.
For Trump to oust Sessions and then Mueller would be reckless, and ultimately self-annihilating, for it would undermine what's left of Republican loyalty to this president. But everything in Trump's character and recent behavior suggests he will try to force Mueller out anyway. And that could indeed be the beginning of the end.
Robert Kuttner is co-editor of The American Prospect and professor at Brandeis University's Heller School. His latest book is Debtors' Prison: The Politics of Austerity Versus Possibility.
Like Robert Kuttner on Facebook: http://facebook.com/RobertKuttner
Selvam Moorthy
Selvam is a Director of Investments with Singtel Innov8, a corporate venture capital fund that focuses on technology and solutions for network capabilities, next-generation devices, digital content services as well as customer experience enhancement among others.
Before Singtel Innov8, Selvam was the Head of Investments at tryb Capital, leading investments in the fintech space. Prior to that, he was a Principal with the investment team of Formation 8, which focused on diversified technology investments globally. Selvam was also a Vice President with Economic Development Innovations Singapore (EDIS), that specialises in global real estate investments. Prior to EDIS, Selvam was part of the investment banking teams at UBS and Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Before joining UBS, Selvam was part of the investments team at Temasek Holdings, covering the consumer and lifestyle sector.
Selvam has executed numerous deals in Asia and the US across various sectors, including fintech, consumer, telecommunications, media, technology, financial institutions as well as healthcare, among others. Selvam holds a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from the National University of Singapore and a Masters of Science in Applied Finance from Singapore Management University.
Metallic Nail Designs is another new design that you should copy this season to make your spring and summer season styling more special.
We have shown you lots of clothing trends for spring and summer season just like the clothing trend nail trends are also needs to be updated each season.For the spring and summer styling there are lots of nail trends that you can copy.
Metallic nail designs are one of them that you should check out from the image gallery and copy any of the shown styles.Metal colors, equivalent to gold, silver, bronze and copper, will probably be fairly general this year.
So you will have to definitely decide on to do your nails with these attention-grabbing colors. You may also prefer to polish your nails with a few of these colors, or which you can combine them with any other colour which is obviously a better option.
Metallic colors and shades can appear excellent in combo with every other colour so there are many viable nail designs to pick from. Go for some intriguing sample, like stripes, polka dots, geometric and so on.
We have also shown you some of the easiest tutorials of different nail art designs you check our Nail art category to look at some of the beautiful and different types of nail art designs for every season.
Nail designs does not have specific season but there are some nail arts that are drawn season wise like these metallic nail designs these are for spring and summer season styling.
You can wear any type of your favorite summer outfits with these nail designs these can be matched easily with your outfit using the color of the nail paint.You can easily make these designs just look at the images closely.
Check out all the designs of Metallic Nail Designs and make your styling more pro by using the perfect designs according to the season.
See More:-Spring Nail Trends
Metallic Nail Designs
Even though the applications are available online and anyone can apply, many of the positions go to those with connections to the world of historical preservation. Still, there is remarkably little competition for the slots and no requirement to reapply, so those who are handed the keys to these mansions often keep them for decades. The city even pays the utilities.
But Franklin Vagnone, the executive director of the trust, said the chief attraction of the houses was the opportunity to interact with the history of the people who had lived there. “The houses provide a kind of physical manifestation for that legacy,” he said.
However implausible it may seem to the millions of New Yorkers who sign away a decent portion of their livelihoods to their landlords each month, the residents say they are motivated more by the connection to an earlier era than the real estate deal of a lifetime. They note that their lives are not particularly glamorous.
Photo
The home can be something of a gilded cage. Most of the residents live in repurposed servants' quarters, a setting they describe as fitting. They mow, shovel snow and shoo out the occasional wall-gnawing varmint. They must watch their charge most nights or pay a house-sitter out of pocket. And they must be careful not to damage the building or, in the cases where the house is also a museum, its contents.
“Do you throw dinner parties where you faff about as the lady of the manor? No,” said Ms. Carpenter, who has lived for 18 years in the Dutch-Georgian plantation house in Van Cortlandt Park, where she also draws a salary as museum director. There is, she explained, “a very strict line of demarcation between your personal space and museum space.”
There are other drawbacks: the ancient plumbing and heating systems, troops of touring schoolchildren, the occasional prankster ringing the doorbell in the wee hours of the night. And when living in a creaky old mansion, it helps not to have a skittish disposition.
“You have to be not scared about being alone at night,” said Adrian Benepe , the parks commissioner, who helped found the house trust in 1989. Some of the mansions have unsavory legends. “You can't be scared of ghosts.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Still, in a city where cantankerous neighbors and brick-wall views are tolerated for even the tiniest sliver of real estate pie, Mr. Fox's sunny two-bedroom apartment in the sloped eaves of King Manor Museum, in the heart of an 11.5-acre park, makes servants' quarters seem a pretty good deal.
Photo
The palatial home was the yeoman farmhouse of Rufus King, an early abolitionist and framer of the Constitution. Like many caretakers, Mr. Fox, with his exuberant beard and made-for-radio timbre, has taken an active role in the house. Visiting schoolchildren are treated to his hearty re-enactments of the original resident's antislavery speeches.
Others caretakers give tours, teach classes and raise chickens in their patches of yard that, while now sandwiched between high rises, were once farmland.
“If you would take into consideration the time I spend, and count what I'm doing not only for the house but for the legacy of Rufus King, I'm being shortchanged,” Mr. Fox said.
“And,” he added, “I'm happy to be shortchanged.”
Not everyone aspires to such quarters. One prominent historic house, Gracie Mansion, has been without its traditional resident for a decade now. Unlike previous mayors, Michael R. Bloomberg opted to remain in his expansive Upper East Side home, rather than live in the mayoral residence. He recently told reporters that he hoped his successor would leave the mansion reserved for public events.
Given their advanced age, not all houses are in the same pristine condition. From the street, the roughly 300-year-old Hendrick I. Lott House in Marine Park, Brooklyn , sparkles with new whitewash, its shutters cheerfully thrown back. Inside, where restoration work is still pending, it could be a Wes Craven film set.
Video
But Kristy Di Cario, 48, the occupant, said she did not mind the stained wallpaper peeling off in strips or the skeletons of ancient furniture that linger in the parlors. “I'm very hardy,” she said. “I took it as an adventure.”
There are also a number of privately controlled historic homes that have similar arrangements. Some have less restrictive rules. At the Vander Ende-Onderdonk House, in Ridgewood, Queens, Adam R. Brown, 33, the caretaker along with his wife, Chelsea Vigue, 29, said he was encouraged to keep it lively. His rock band, Pass Kontrol, uses the attic of the stone farmhouse for jam sessions.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Many of the mansions are an anachronism in a landscape of apartment buildings and whizzing cars. Twenty-first century concessions, like television, can be hard to come by. Ms. Carpenter was reprimanded when she installed a satellite dish on the Van Cortlandt House.
But 18th-century living has grown on her. Four years ago, she tattooed a colonial-era engraving on her arm, and took up historical re-enacting. She hand-sews her corseted gowns in her apartment in the mansion's servants' quarters.
She met her fiancé, the occupant of a historical home in Philadelphia , at an Revolutionary War re-enactors ball, drawn in by, among other things, the historical accuracy of his Continental Army staff sergeant's uniform.
TOKYO -- DeNA intends to acquire the semi-public company running Yokohama Stadium, home of a baseball team owned by the major Japanese mobile platform provider.
Under an agreement with Yokohama Stadium's management, the Yokohama DeNA BayStars will buy the majority of the company's outstanding shares through a tender offer.
The move aims to integrate management of the team and the stadium, as DeNA hopes the club, acquired in 2011, will generate profit soon. The mobile company also may consider expanding the stadium, a step currently restricted by law.
The acquisition price will vary depending on the number of shares involved, but it is expected to be 10 billion yen ($82.6 million) or so. DeNA will tap group companies for funding. The acquisition will include neither the land, which is owned by Japan's government, nor the building, owned by the city.
Shareholders are expected to be briefed soon. DeNA plans to start the tender offer process by the end of the year to complete the acquisition early in 2016.
Yokohama Stadium is an unlisted public-private entity funded 5.74% each by Yokohama City, three TV stations and the BayStars, in addition to parties including the Bank of Yokohama, a major general contractor and local citizens. Operating profit was around 370 million yen for the fiscal year through January.
DeNA has been unable to fully capitalize on the team's popularity. The stadium drew over 1.8 million spectators this season, up roughly 70% from before the team's 2011 acquisition. But with attendance nearing 90% of capacity, admission revenue is approaching the limit. In addition, the stadium operator takes in the majority of the ad revenue.
The Hiroshima Toyo Carp and Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles both have successfully integrated team-stadium operations in similar moves.
(Nikkei)
For Some Conservatives, It's Homecoming Week
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
The American conservative movement has its homecoming this week: the Conservative Political Action Conference, where everyone from politicians to peddlers is out to inspire the faithful.
Last year, one of the headline speakers was former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin, who harked back to the second-ever CPAC in 1975, when Ronald Reagan laid out a vision for a conservative Republican Party.
She invoked his image of a banner of bold colors, not pale pastels.
"And ever since then, CPAC has been the rally for conservative action, and that's why I am glad to be here today with all of you conservative activists," she said.
Al Cardenas, chairman of the American Conservative Union, which puts on CPAC, said the group had trouble meeting demand last year at a Washington convention hotel.
"Only about half of the people who wanted to watch the more popular speakers in the main ballroom were actually able to get in," he says.
This year's conference is in a new, bigger hotel down the Potomac River in Maryland. Despite last November's depressing election returns, Cardenas says that CPAC attendance will barely dip.
Nearly 10,000 people are expected, including more than 2,000 carrying media credentials, in the three-day event that starts Thursday.
Cardenas says more than half of the early registrants are under 25.
The run-up to CPAC is often marked by controversy about who's invited and who's not. Many of last year's presidential primary candidates will be there this week. So will Mitt Romney, the 2012 presidential nominee.
Cardenas notes the agenda is rich in names that are being bandied about for next time.
"Just about everyone who may be a potential candidate for president in 2016 will be there in attendance," he says. The list includes Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and others.
But not New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. There's still conservative anger at the way he embraced President Obama — figuratively and literally — after Superstorm Sandy smashed the Jersey Shore just two weeks out from Election Day.
Also on the not-invited list: GOProud, a conservative gay-rights organization that had formerly been a CPAC cosponsor.
Cardenas says people sometimes say CPAC should have a welcoming, big-tent approach. But "that's the mission statement for the Republican Party," he says.
He says it's not CPAC's job to be inclusive if its board votes not to, as this board did with GOProud.
"Our mission is to enrich intellectually the conservative movement and to be persuasive," he says.
Jimmy LaSalvia, GOProud's director and a cofounder, isn't persuaded.
"For two years we were under attack from people who wanted us out of CPAC simply because we're gay," he says.
If the conservative movement wants to win, he says, it has to learn to reach out.
"I don't know if establishment leaders in Washington are finished losing yet," LaSalvia says.
This cloistered feeling is reflected in the funding behind CPAC. The list of sponsors and cosponsors is a long one. But it's almost entirely activists and consultants within the conservative movement: the National Rifle Association, Tea Party Patriots, the Heritage Foundation and so on.
"Any corporate sponsors who appear as sponsors, it's because they're promoting a particular point of view," Cardenas says.
And that point of view typically matches CPAC's bold conservative colors — and not pale, compromising pastels.
Portugal's economic progress in recent years makes it increasingly difficult for the three main rating agencies to explain why they have left Lisbon with a junk investment grade, a top government official told CNBC on Thursday.
Speaking on the sidelines of the International Monetary Fund spring meeting in Washington, Portugal's deputy finance minister argued domestic reforms in one of Europe's beleaguered economies should not be dismissed simply as an act of "smoke and mirrors".
Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch rating agencies all currently list Portugal as below investment grade level, which means the cost of borrowing is higher on sovereign and corporate issuers.
"I would say that these three rating agencies will have increasing difficulties in explaining why and how they've maintained the rating for such a prolonged period of time when Portugal in '17 is very different from Portugal in '14," Ricardo Mourinho Felix told CNBC Thursday.
Popcorn Time and its users continue to face pressure from copyright holders but the application's developers don't plan to cave in anytime soon. Instead, they're turning the tables, blaming Hollywood's lack of affordable legal options for Popcorn Time's success.
Last week several users of Popcorn Time were sued in the United States and this week a Norwegian anti-piracy group threatened to go after tens of thousands of local users.
It's clear that copyright holders aren't happy with the app, which allows people to stream pirated movies. However, according to the software's developers Hollywood is to blame for its overwhelming success.
In a statement sent to TF the team behind the popular Popcorn Time .io fork say that film and TV-studios should compete with their app. That is, make a globally available streaming service where all the latest blockbusters and series are available.
“People are ready to pay a fee, but a lot of them currently refuse to pay for a petty catalog with country-specific restrictions,” the Popcorn Time team notes.
“The price can also be a hurdle for some people: $20 a month is not the same in Uganda and the United States. But obviously, the most problematic issue is the complete lack of legal availability in some places.”
Hollywood is still holding on to limited releases and regional roadblocks. This is something Netflix and other VOD providers are not happy with, and neither are consumers.
“Why would people in France wait two years to see a movie that's already being broadcasted in the US, when they both are paying almost the same amount of money?”
According to Popcorn Time these artificial limitations drive people to break towards unofficial sources.
“The Internet has brought people closer, and they start to notice that some things aren't acceptable. And then they turn to alternatives, even if it means diving into illegality.”
The developers themselves see the Popcorn Time software as a legitimate product but they realize that some users may be breaking the law. Ironically, the reason for breaking the law is so they can watch their favorite Hollywood entertainment.
Currently, this situation mostly benefits the popularity of Popcorn Time but with the right alternative for the right price, many won't need to turn to piracy.
“Maybe it is time to consider the will of the people and offer them a legal, complete and useful service, no matter where they were born, instead of trying to punish people for… well, for wanting the see the content artists and industries are offering.
“Currently, piracy is fulfilling the demand of the people because the industry fails at the transition into the modern age. We think it's as simple as that,” the Popcorn Time team concludes.
Scripture gives a refreshing contrast to secular thinking by declaring that earth and mankind are not an insignificant result of accidental evolution.
1. Is earth at the center of the universe?
It is popular today to deny any special recognition for the earth. Secular scientists tell us that we live on a speck of dust, circling a humdrum star in a far corner of an obscure galaxy! While this is all true, the earth remains of central importance. Scripture gives a refreshing contrast to secular thinking by declaring that earth and mankind are not an insignificant result of accidental evolution. The Book of Genesis states that our planet was created three days before the sun, moon, and stars. The purposes of the stars relate directly to the earth: to provide a calendar system ( Ps. 19:1 ). The earth is also a universal reference point in that Christ came here to walk among men, and will one day return. An unseen spiritual battle goes on for the souls of men, focusing on this earth and extending to high places ( Eph. 6:12 ). The earth is truly a spiritual center of the universe. It was once thought that the earth was physically located at the exact center of the universe, and furthermore that it did not move. This “geocentric” view is still held today by a few people, although Scripture does not require it and observation clearly shows the earth's movement. The earth revolves around the sun once a year. It also rotates on its axis every 24 hours. These motions add together in a dizzy combination. The earth's spin results in a surface speed of 1,000 miles per hour at the equator. The speed of the earth due to orbital motion around the sun is 66 times greater still. This is 30 times faster than a rifle bullet. During an average human's lifetime (70 trips around the sun), 41 billion miles are traveled. While you read this page, the earth has already traveled more than 1,000 miles! Fortunately, we do not directly notice this motion since the earth's faithful gravity force ensures that both its atmosphere and inhabitants remain firmly in place. However, earth's motion is clearly shown by the westward movement of the sun, moon, and stars through the sky (see table 1).
We really don't know where the physical center of the universe is. If God's heavens are infinite in extent, then no center actually exists. But the question of the earth's physical position is less important than the spiritual reality of God's love for his people.
Table 1 Earth's Major Motions
Motion Speed Rotation on axis 1,000 miles/hour (at the equator) Revolution around the sun 66,600 miles/hour Solar-system travel around the galaxy 500,000 miles/hour Overall motion of the galaxy 1.1 million miles/hour
6. Did Bible Writers believe the earth was flat?
No—this false idea is not taught in Scripture!
In the Old Testament, Job 26:7 explains that the earth is suspended in space—the obvious comparison being with the spherical sun and moon. By 150 B.C., the Greek astronomer Eratosthenes had already measured the 25,000-mile circumference of the earth. The round shape of our planet was a conclusion easily drawn by watching ships disappear over the horizon and also by observing eclipse shadows, and we can assume that such information was well known to New Testament writers. Earth's spherical shape was, of course, also understood by Christopher Columbus. Some people may have thought the earth was flat, but certainly not the great explorers. Some Bible critics have claimed that Revelation 7:1 assumes a flat earth since the verse refers to angels standing at the “four corners” of the earth. Actually, the reference is to the cardinal directions: north, south, east, and west. Similar terminology is often used today when we speak of the sun's rising and setting, even though the earth, not the sun, is doing the moving. Bible writers used the “language of appearance,” just as people always have. Without it, the intended message would be awkward at best and probably not understood clearly. When the Bible touches on scientific subjects, it is entirely accurate.
11. Have scientists discovered the moon's origin?
Scientists have devised four major theories for the moon's beginning.
The fission theory states that the moon split off from the spinning earth, like mud flung from a bicycle wheel. Some say that the Pacific Ocean basin is the scar that remains from this loss of material. There are four basic problems with this theory. First, today's earth and moon do not have nearly enough circular motion for fission to have ever occurred. Second, although a moon split off from the earth would be expected to orbit directly above the equator, in actuality the moon's orbit is always tilted between 18 to 28 degrees to the earth's equator. (This is the reason why the moon appears higher or lower in the sky during different seasons.) Third, while the moon was moving outward from the earth, gravity would have pulverized it into Saturn type rings. Fourth, moon rocks are somewhat different from the equivalent material on earth. According to the capture theory, gravity brought the moon into earth orbit when it once wandered too close to earth. The main problem with this theory is the low probability that two space objects would pass each other so closely. Another problem involves the actual “capture” mechanism: it simply wouldn't happen! Instead, the moon would continue on its journey. We have often sent space probe “fly-bys” to other planets and they are not captured, but instead are thrown outward with great speed, as in a crack-the-whip game. Finally, capture doesn't really qualify as an origin theory since it assumes the moon's prior existence. The third theory has several names: condensation, nebular contraction, or accretion. It proposes the concurrent formation of both the earth and moon from small chunks of material. As a result, the moon “just happens” to circle the earth. The main assumption here is that the material would actually fall together into a big lump. Force calculations rule out such a collapse unless the cloud of material is already quite dense. Present-day dust clouds observed in space are nowhere near this dense. The fourth lunar-origin theory calls for a collision between the early earth and another planetary object, an impact causing an orbiting cloud of debris that eventually grouped itself into the moon. Some critics of this theory believe that such a giant impact would totally melt the earth's crust. Others question the probability of another object's hitting the earth with the precise speed and direction needed to result in the formation of a moon. The main reason for promoting this idea is that none of the other lunar-origin theories works!
It was hoped by many experts that the Apollo program's manned visits to the moon would provide definitive answers to the lunar-origin question. Instead, many new questions were raised, and the origin of the moon remains a mystery to secular science. One common idea in each of the four “natural” theories is that the moon formed by relatively slow random processes. Scripture is in direct contrast to such reasoning-the moon was created suddenly ( Ps. 33:6 ), from nothing ( Heb. 11:3 ).
29. Did a comet kill the dinosaurs?
Some scientists blame comets for the lack of dinosaurs on earth today. They hypothesize that a large comet collided with our planet long ago. This resulted in great clouds of dust in the air, which shielded the sun and cooled the earth's climate for many years. Since dinosaurs could not adjust to the colder weather, they perished. This is just one of many theories about the demise of the dinosaurs. The list of suggested catastrophes, both on the earth and in the sky, is considerable. Some of the other astronomical events used to explain the death of dinosaurs are:
The sun became either too hot or too cold for dinosaurs. The world's climate became either too dry or too wet. A supernova exploded nearby, spraying the earth with radiation. Earth's magnetic field reversed, and incoming radiation killed most life. A passing comet poisoned the earth with chemicals. A giant meteorite crashed into the sea, and a tidal wave then swept the land and drowned life.
There is a lack of supporting evidence for any of these events! Instead, creationists suggest that most dinosaurs died as a result of the great flood described in Genesis 6-8. Dinosaur types which were preserved on the ark probably faced severe climate changes following the flood. Creation research continues to demonstrate the importance of the worldwide flood in explaining earth's history.
36. Have computers discovered the biblical ‘long days'?
The report that computers have discovered the biblical ‘long days' continues to be told but is unfounded. It is challenged here because false ideas should never be used to “support” Scripture. Furthermore, the computer story appears to raise modern science to a level of certainty that it does not possess.
As printed in tracts and magazines, the story describes a problem that scientists faced in the space program. Apparently a missing day turned up in the computer positions for the sun and moon over the past centuries. These celestial bodies were not quite where they belonged! The key to the problem was then found in the Old Testament. Mathematical corrections seemed to be needed for the “long days” of Joshua and Hezekiah ( Josh. 10:13 , 2 Kings 20:11 ). These events, when inserted into the computer, made everything turn out exactly right. Although this apparent verification of Scripture makes a very interesting story, computers are not this smart! The only way to determine a change in the sun's or moon's location is to know their exact positions prior to the change, but there is no such reference point available. We do not know exactly where the created sun and moon were first placed in the sky. Even eclipse records do not prove useful in solving the problem.
Can we not conclude that the long day of Joshua occurred exactly as described? And also that the backward motion of the sun in Hezekiah's time was a literal sign of God's power? Computers are neither needed nor able to prove these Old Testament events scientifically.
55. Do stars evolve?
Some of what astronomers describe as “stellar evolution” does take place. However, the process is misnamed, and parts of it are questionable. According to this theory, the life of a star is said to begin with the collapse of a gas cloud-a doubtful beginning, as explained in Question 56 (not currently online). Bypassing this fundamental origin problem, a young star is said to begin in the “main sequence” category (see Question 98 (not currently online)). These are average stars with a stable light output. The great majority of stars are in the main sequence, including our sun. When a star's hydrogen fuel runs low, it becomes a red giant or super-giant star. Such a star has expanded hundreds of times in size and has become somewhat cooler. Red giants include Betelgeuse and Aldebaran. Next, the star may either explode as a supernova or may slowly collapse into a small, hot white dwarf star. The companion star circling Sirius is such a dwarf (see Question 43 (not currently online)). Such stars are said to be very old.
Notice that the entire life of a star is an aging process: main sequence-red giant-white dwarf. Instead of stellar evolution, it might better be called stellar decay, degradation, or degeneration. Computer studies conclude that each stage of a star lasts for millions or billions of years (depending on the star's mass), but-in the recent-creation view-there has not been enough time for such change. And some observed star changes appear to be much more rapid than computer models suggest! For example, there is evidence that the dwarf companion of Sirius formed from a red giant in just 1,000 years. Other stars have also shown unexpected color changes, indicating that the aging process of some stars may be much more rapid than generally believed. Most stars have probably not changed substantially in appearance since the creation described in Genesis. The sun has certainly remained as a faithful “main sequence” star from the beginning. Since all the stars were made on the fourth day ( Gen. 1:16-19 ), they are all actually the same age. From the beginning they have differed from each other in color and brightness-"in splendor" ( 1 Cor. 15:41 ).
65. Was there a Big Bang?
The Big Bang is usually defined as a random, chance event. As noted in the previous question, some instability supposedly developed in an original “kernel” of mass energy, and the universe ballooned outward. However, Scripture clearly rules out such an accidental origin. A modified version of the Big Bang theory says that when the explosive event happened, it was directed by God. This is the theistic-evolution approach, an attempt to compromise the Bible with evolutionary theories, and it, too, must be rejected because of its many conflicts with the order of events in Genesis. Table 6 contrasts some of the chronological discrepancies between the Bible's creation account and the Big Bang hypothesis.
Creationists maintain that what really happened at the time of creation is that God spoke and the earth appeared— he commanded and the heavens stood firm ( Ps. 33:9 )! All the many stars appeared suddenly and supernaturally in space. Scripture does not imply an explosion, although the universe must have experienced a sudden “explosive” input of ordered energy. Perhaps some of the astronomical data that seems supportive of the Big Bang theory, such as redshift and background radiation, needs to be looked at instead as evidence of a rapid creation. One secular variation of the Big Bang theory refers to an “inflationary” Big Bang, the suggestion being that the universe developed and matured very quickly in its first moments. In this particular theory, secular science seems to have taken one step in the creationists' direction. Further developments should be of interest in this area of theory and research.
Table 6: Chronological Discrepancies Between Scripture and Big Bang
Scripture Big Bang All elements made together Elements beyond hydrogen and helium formed after millions of years Earth formed before stars Earth formed long after stars Plants formed before the sun Plants evolved after the sun Sun formed on the fourth day Sun formed before the earth Sun, moon, and stars formed Sun formed from older stars together
The Big Bang as it is understood today is an inadequate theory since there are many fundamental problems that are seldom mentioned in the pertinent literature. The following are some “missing links” in the theory:
It's no secret that Kylie Jenner officially loves every holiday, and she loves to celebrate via her eponymous company, Kylie Cosmetics. Since Valentine's Day is right around the corner, it makes sense that a Kylie Cosmetics Valentine's Day Collection is coming soon. Now Jenner has given fans a peek into how much they can expect to pay for each piece in the collection as well as the bundle.
Fans of Jenner and her cosmetics brand are fairly accustomed to the mogul releasing groupings of products. Fans know that Jenner's birthday is actually a holiday, after all, so it makes sense that her first collection was released for such an occasion. Next up, was Jenner's Christmas Edition Collection. Now, fans are waiting for the release of the Valentine's Day Collection.
Jenner debuted the collection less than two weeks ago, and fans have been stoked for the collection of shadows, lip kits, and the newest blushes. Of course, being in line with the holiday, Jenner kept things in hues of pink and red, and honestly, even if it weren't for Valentine's Day, the collection would still be super on trend. The star didn't just debut the collection, though, she also let fans know how much to expect to pay for each item.
1. Mini Mattes
Jenner's super popular mini mattes are sure to be a hit in this collection. They're set to retail for $36.
2. Lip Kits
As for Jenner's signature lip kits, they'll retail for $30. That's one dollar more than usual.
3. Mini KyShadow and Lips
These new additions are super cute, and if history tells fans anything, it's that mini versions of Kylie Cosmetics product do well. I'd snag these fast. They'll be retailing for only $22 during the launch.
4. Kylie's Diary
This epic collection of Kyshadows and brand-new Kylie blushes is seriously amazing, and considering that traditional Kyshadow palettes retail for $42, this collection ringing in at $54 isn't bad at all.
5. Valentine's Day Bundle
If the Kylie Valentine's Day Collection is everything you've ever wanted, you can snag every product for $200.
With prices discovered, a release date announced, and a killer collection of products, now, fans just wait until they're shoppable. If I had to guess, these beauties will all sell out.
The revelation that Afghanistan president Hamid Karzai receives millions in influence peddling payments from Iran is full of ironies. It demonstrates that the US and Iran are de facto allies in Afghanistan (in fact both of them are deeply opposed to the Taliban and their backers among hard line cells of the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence). US military spokesmen have sometimes attempted to make a case that Iran is helping the hyper-Sunni, Shiite-killing, anti-Karzai Taliban, which is not very likely to be true or at least not on a significant scale (why undermine the Karzai government, which Tehran clearly likes just fine, even if there are Tajik leaders it might slightly prefer?)
The story is one example of why the US attempt to strangle Iran economically does not have a prayer of succeeding– as if Afghanistan, Iraq, Turkey, Pakistan, India and so forth are going to help with that! In the region, Iran is relatively wealthy and powerful, and able to play the role of patron.
Dexter Filkins of the NYT got the story, reporting on Saturday that Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai receives millions of dollars in paper bags from Iran via his chief of staff, Umar Daudzai. Daudzai had been Afghanistan ambassador in Iran, and Tehran uses him as a channel of influence with Karzai. Daudzai is accused by US officials of poisoning Karzai's mind about the US.
Initially Iran denied the charge. Then on Monday, the erratic Karzai confirmed it, saying that the US also gives him bag fulls of cash and it is no big deal. The Independent wryly observes that Karzai's admission “somewhat undermines” the Iranian denials.
NBC Nightly News reports on Karzai's defiant press conference:
Karzai, who appears not to understand the word ‘corruption,' maintained that former US president George W. Bush was fully aware of the payments from Iran.
Members of the Afghanistan parliament decried the payments to the office of the president as “shameful” , according to this Persian newspaper.
CSM reports that Afghanistan's Hazara Shiite community (perhaps a fifth of the country's population) is not on the same page with their Iranian coreligionists, since the Hazara want US and NATO troops to remain for years, whereas Iran wants them out. On the US military hopes to stay in Afghanistan with bases, see Nick Turse at Tomdispatch.
The revelations of Tehran's support for Karzai give credence to Iranian officials' claims of having been helpful to NATO, since they both want Karzai to succeed. Take this report, translated by the USG Open Source Center, from Tehran Islamic Republic of Iran News Network Television (IRINN) in Persian at 0633 GMT on 19 October:
“In the course of a live broadcast of the weekly news briefing by Foreign Ministry Spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast, showed him commenting on a recent meeting between Foreign Minister Manuchehr Mottaki and his Canadian counterpart in which the Canadian minister reportedly called for mutual cooperation over Afghanistan. Mehmanparast said: “The Islamic Republic of Iran supports the legitimate government of Afghanistan. Iran tries to make progress as regards combating drug trafficking in Afghanistan. Moreover, it is necessary to take some serious measures to eliminate insecurity and violence in the country. The issue of reconstruction of Afghanistan is among our priorities. In this regard, we are prepared to cooperate with every country that is willing to achieve those aims.” The spokesman added: “We have had a lot of cooperation with various countries over this issue. We had good cooperation with Canada in this regard. Unfortunately, owing to the unfriendly and unconstructive approach adopted by Canada, the cooperation was halted. If they correct their approach, we are prepared to cooperate over Afghanistan. In order to show its goodwill, the Islamic Republic of Iran has passed some information to the Canadian government on active terrorist elements in Canada. Therefore, we are prepared to cooperate with all countries in order to restore peace and security in Afghanistan. Countries should change their approach and adopt a friendly and constructive attitude.”
All this translates as, Iran does not want Qandahar in the hands of the Taliban, and is maybe happy with Canada's announced decision to depart by 2012.
The Iranians hate the Taliban and it is mutual. The two almost went to war with one another in 1998 over the killing of Iranian diplomats at Mazar. The Iranians backed the Northern Alliance in its dark days when al-Qaeda had it bottled up in the northeast, and Karzai is still backed by some NA warlords.
CLOSE A trio of animals made this family whole after their beloved dog disappeared. VPC
Unlikely friends. (Photo11: KARE)
When Katie Stulc and her husband Nick DuFoe lost their beloved black lab Minnie earlier this year, it left a void in their family. But they weren't ready to get another dog.
That's when a friend offered them two kittens. And soon after, a Facebook post led them to a Muscovy duckling. You might be thinking, ducks and cats don't mix ... but don't tell this family that.
They named the duck Penny and placed her in a pen next to their two cats, Sheldon and Leonard.
Wait, does something about this situation sound familiar? That's right, Penny lives next door to Leonard and Sheldon. And just like their neighbor namesakes on the sitcom "Big Bang Theory," the trio create some pretty classic moments.
"Hangin' out… that's what they do," Stulc explains with a sigh. She says when Penny picks at their fur, the cats will paw at her, creating what amounts to a feline-fowl boxing match.
You can see the adorable trio playing together in the video above.
While most of their neighbors are content with dogs or horses, this family gets a kick out of the oddities that unfold at their home on a daily basis. Facebook pictures of the unusual posse always get a huge reaction. "There's no one else like us," Stulc said, "That's for sure."
Here at the USA TODAY network, not only do we want to provide you with the current events of the day, but also a little dose of inspiration while you're getting your news fix. Inspiration Nation is our way of providing you with that jolt of good news to bring a smile to your day.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1t8nW09
“The Stage World Tour” is coming to North America with special guests Breaking Benjamin and Bullet For My Valentine. Avenged Sevenfold are offering special enhanced experiences for fans at each show. Check out what each package includes and get in on the experience of your choice here.
The “Hail to the King” Experience ($349):
– One (1) general admission floor ticket to see Avenged Sevenfold live
– Early access
– Additional access to the “Hail to the King” viewing area: a VIP-only elevated platform next to the soundboard for the Avenged Sevenfold performance.
– One (1) official show set-list signed by Avenged Sevenfold
– Invitation to the Paradigm Lounge: an exclusive pre-show experience curated by A7X including access to “The Stage” an interactive experience offering the opportunity to play the band's instruments and take pictures with their memorabilia, complimentary light snacks and a private cash bar with one (1) drink ticket*
– One (1) copy of “Unholy Confessions” an exclusive A7X tour book featuring a retrospective of the band's career including a collection of never-before-seen photos, with a forward by from Avenged Sevenfold
– Crowd free merchandise shopping opportunity before doors open
– One (1) commemorative laminate
– Dedicated venue entrance
– On-site experience host
The “A7X” Experience ($189):
– One (1) general admission floor ticket OR One (1) premium reserved ticket in the lower bowl to see Avenged Sevenfold live
– Early access
– Invitation to the Paradigm Lounge: an exclusive pre-show experience curated by A7X including access to “The Stage” an interactive experience offering the opportunity to play the band's instruments and take pictures with their memorabilia, complimentary light snacks and a private cash bar*, – One (1) copy of “Unholy Confessions” an exclusive A7X tour book featuring a retrospective of the band's career including a collection of never-before-seen photos, with a forward by from Avenged Sevenfold
– Crowd free merchandise shopping opportunity before doors open
– One (1) commemorative laminate
– Dedicated venue entrance
– On-site experience host
The “Higher” Seamless Experience ($139):
– One (1) general admission floor ticket OR One (1) premium reserved ticket in the lower bowl to see Avenged Sevenfold live
– One (1) copy of “Unholy Confessions” an exclusive A7X tour book featuring a retrospective of the band's career including a collection of never-before-seen photos, with a forward by from Avenged Sevenfold
– Dedicated venue entrance
– On-site experience host
*Local liquor laws apply
FAIRFAX, Va. ― The Democratic Party romped to victories across the country Tuesday, gaining key state legislative seats, two governorships and full control of the state governments of New Jersey and Washington, where they'll have wide power to enact their agenda.
In one sense, the wins should have been expected: President Donald Trump is extremely unpopular, and the party that holds the White House usually does worse in congressional, state and local elections in years when the president isn't on the ballot.
And the victories were expected in some cases. In New Jersey, Democrat Phil Murphy, a former Goldman Sachs banker, consistently led in the polls and will now be the next governor. But elsewhere, outcomes were more uncertain.
Many Democratic activists were worried that the party was going to let the Virginia governor's mansion slip from its grasp. Concern that Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam was failing to excite the base, along with a fear-mongering anti-immigrant campaign run by Republican Ed Gillespie, led to concerns it would be a repeat of the 2016 presidential race.
Win McNamee via Getty Images Democrat Ralph Northam celebrates his victory over Ed Gillespie to be governor of Virginia.
Northam, however, sailed to victory Tuesday, guaranteeing Democrats a seat at the table when state legislative and congressional districts get redrawn in 2020. The party won the races for lieutenant governor and attorney general, too.
The night was validation for the many activists around the country who joined the resistance after Trump's win and have been feverishly working at the grassroots to mobilize the party's base. There's no doubt that the victories will provide a jolt of energy for what's coming in the 2018 midterm elections.
“Today's progressive victories in Virginia make one thing clear: A newly awakened grassroots movement is rising up to reject Trump's politics of hate and reclaim political power,” said Maria Urbina, the political director of the progressive Indivisible movement, which has more than 180 active groups in Virginia.
Democrats also saw the wins as a rejection of the type of nationalism championed by Trump and his former aide, Breitbart News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon, who maintained that a win by Gillespie in Virginia would prove that “Trumpism without Trump can show the way forward.”
“Tonight, the message for Democrats and the country is that fear and division and hatred do not work,” Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) said. “They don't work here in Virginia, and they're not going to work in Virginia.”
Trump attempted to distance himself from the crushing GOP losses Tuesday night, tweeting from South Korea that Gillespie “worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for.”
Almost no one expected Democrats to do as well as they did in the Virginia House of Delegates. Democrats targeted the 17 GOP-held districts where Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton defeated Trump. Winning all of the seats would swing control of the chamber, but few thought it was possible. Republicans have controlled the state's house of delegates for nearly two decades and held a 66-34 majority.
The last time Democrats picked up more than one seat in the body was 2007, when they gained four. Last week, Virginia Democratic National Committeewoman Yasmine Taeb estimated that a pickup of six to eight seats would constitute a “success.”
But by 9:30 p.m., Democrats had already picked up 14 Republican-held seats in the House of Delegates, with eight more in play.
Northern Virginia, a Democratic stronghold, turned only bluer. Voters outside a polling location in Fairfax, which supported Clinton by a two-to-one margin in 2016, cited health care, education and Trump as top issues that drove them to the polls Tuesday.
“It seems like the other guy, Gillespie, he's being supported by Trump, and [the president] tweeted about him,” Soleyman Ahmed, who voted for Northam, told HuffPost. “Northam seems like he's a doctor, he's served in the government, he's got experience that could help.”
The electoral wave lifted the fortunes of even very left-wing candidates, including Democrat Lee Carter, a member of the Democratic Socialists of America and supporter of single-payer health care. He unseated GOP House Majority Whip Jackson Miller in Northern Virginia's 50th District. Carter, a former Marine, failed to provide the state Democratic Party with daily updates about his campaign, prompting the party to deny him aid and go silent on his bid. The Washington, D.C., chapter of DSA stepped in to help with canvassing, and on Tuesday Carter won.
In Virginia's 13th District, outside Fredericksburg, voters ousted Republican Del. Bob Marshall, the author of the state's bill to ban transgender people from using the bathrooms of their choice, and replaced him with Danica Roem, a transgender woman who ran on a platform of fixing the area's transit problems.
Virginia Democratic Del. Charniele Herring said Roem's victory “sends a message to politicians that the politics of bigotry is over. It's not acceptable to voters.”
CHRIS KEANE / Reuters Chris Hurst, a former TV anchor, beat a Republican incumbent for the 12th District seat in Virginia's House of Delegates.
Chris Hurst, a former Roanoke news anchor whose girlfriend was fatally shot by a colleague on-air in 2015, beat an incumbent Republican in the state's 12th District, which stretches from Blacksburg, the home of Virginia Tech, to the West Virginia border.
“This isn't a wave. This is a tsunami,” said David Toscano, the Democratic leader in the Virginia House of Delegates.
This isn't a wave. This is a tsunami. David Toscano, Democratic leader of the Virginia House of Delegates
The wins in New Jersey, Virginia and Washington, where Democrats won a key Washington state Senate seat — and, with it, control of the only part of the state government they didn't already run — will have real policy consequences in the short term. Northam will be able to veto Republican legislation in Virginia, and Democratic pickups in the Virginia House of Delegates will give him much more leverage in the legislature. New Jersey, where Murphy ran on promises to legalize marijuana and introduce public banking will be under full Democratic control for the first time in nearly a decade. In Washington, Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee and the Democratic-controlled legislature will have much more freedom to enact their agenda.
The election results will affect lives in other states, too. In Maine, voters approved a ballot measure expanding Medicaid to tens of thousands of people over the objections of Paul LePage, the state's Republican governor. In New York City, Bill de Blasio — who achieved a longstanding liberal goal of creating a universal pre-kindergarten program — became the first Democratic mayor to win reelection since Ed Koch in 1985.
The big question for Democrats now will be whether they can translate wins in this year's elections to victories in next year's congressional midterm elections. The Virginia electorate in 2017 is not the same territory as the battlegrounds Democrats will face next year — for one thing, Trump is more unpopular in the state than he is in the nation as a whole. And, as FiveThirtyEight recently noted, Virginia's off-year results “haven't been so predictive” as a barometer of each party's strength in the following midterm House races.
But what Democrats hope is that the GOP loss in Virginia ― where Gillespie played up the nativist message popularized by Trump ― will make Republicans rethink their strategy.
“I think the appeal to the bad side of human instinct ― which Donald Trump did when he ran, and now Republicans are adopting ― does not serve America well, but won't serve them well either,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) told HuffPost on Tuesday, before the results came in.
Next up: A Dec. 12 special election for a U.S. Senate race in deep-red Alabama, where Roy Moore, a controversial-but-Republican judge, is narrowly leading former U.S. attorney Doug Jones, a Democrat, in the polls.
But on Tuesday night, most Democrats were still focused on celebrating their victories, not preparing for the long slog ahead.
The Democrats are like “the field goal kicker who's missed three kicks in a row,” said Jared Leopold, communications director for the Democratic Governors Association. “Now we've made a few, and we've got our groove back.”
“Welcome to the bounce-back,” said Paul Kent, an elated union member who attended Northam's victory party on Tuesday. “People have been waiting for a day like today since Nov. 9. This was the real bellwether. The narrative is we're coming. There is no apathy.”
Ariel Edwards-Levy and Daniel Marans contributed reporting.
COLOMBO, Aug. 5 -- Sri Lanka on Tuesday offered medical assistance to China after a powerful earthquake struck Yunnan Province in southwest China over the weekend which left nearly 400 people dead, the External Affairs Ministry said.
President Mahinda Rajapaksa sent a condolence message to his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping expressing a deep sense of shock and sadness over the quake which resulted in a large number of deaths and massive destruction of property.
"The Government and People of Sri Lanka join me in conveying the deepest condolences and sympathies to members of the bereaved families and all those whose lives have been affected by this devastating natural disaster. The thoughts and prayers of the people of Sri Lanka are with the people of China particularly those who have been injured, during this difficult time," the president said.
He said that given the extensive number of those injured, as a gesture of solidarity and goodwill, the Government of Sri Lanka stands ready to extend medical assistance to the people of China.
"Under your able leadership, I am confident that the Chinese people would be able to overcome the challenges, with their innate fortitude and courage," the president added.
A 6.5-magnitude earthquake jolted Zhaotong City in southwest China's Yunnan Province on Sunday. According to official statistics, the death toll had risen to 398, while more than 1,800 people were injured.
On Thursday, a rumor popped up online stating that Cain Velasquez was out of UFC 207.
This came 24 hours after an interview with Velasquez was posted on ESPN.com about his current back injury and upcoming surgery.
On Friday, MMAFighting.com spoke to Velasquez about his status for UFC 207 and more. Below is that entire conversation:
******
Ariel Helwani: Are you fighting next Friday?
Cain Velasquez: I am. I'm fighting at UFC 207 against Fabricio Werdum. I'm in shape, I'm ready to go.
Where did all these rumors come from?
Obviously, with the past interview that I did about what's going on with my body and everything else, somebody just thew out something that was bogus on social media, and you know how that is, everybody has a voice now. It wasn't true. I am ready to fight. I'm ready to win.
I was told that after that interview ran, the UFC asked you to get further clearance from your doctor to prove you're healthy enough to fight. Is that true?
Yeah, that's true.
When is that happening?
I'm doing that tomorrow. He's going to look me over and give me the green light and then call the UFC and do the same there.
Are you confident everything will go smoothly?
Yeah, it's going to be an easy process, definitely. I've been working out now for two months, doing everything: wrestling, sparring ... I've been throwing out stuff on social media to show that I am ready. You know, me hitting mitts, that was yesterday.
To the best of your knowledge, was it the UFC that asked for this further clearance or Nevada?
I don't know who it was. The people that I talked to was the UFC. Regardless, it doesn't matter. I'm going to see a doctor tomorrow and he will clear me. I am ready to fight.
Do you regret bringing this injury up in the first place?
No, I don't, because this is what's going on. It's not just me, it's other athletes. This is what we have to live through. I've lied previously in the past about being OK, but I really wasn't. This is an injury, but I'm fine. I can do everything, so this is not going to stop me from winning this fight.
What do you say to people, like Werdum's daughter, who claim you're bringing this up now so you'll have an excuse after the fight?
I never throw out excuses, regardless of what's been going on. People will see on the 30th. I'm confident in what I have and what I can bring to the table. I know what Fabricio's about, he likes to throw these little jabs outside of the ring, but it's all good, man. We get to do it in the cage.
If you weren't fighting Werdum, would you still be fighting next week?
Regardless of who it was, I would fight. It's not just Werdum, but I definitely want to win this fight. With him beating me last time, I want to get that revenge, and I will. That will happen.
Have you done anything differently in training to avoid more injuries this time?
Yeah, definitely. Just train smarter. The key is, be in shape, be smart. I've done some sparring, definitely. It's not as hard as it was before, as far as hard on my body, but I'm still getting workouts in. We're doing what we have to do to be 100 percent and be in the best shape of our lives.
You mentioned in the ESPN.com interview that it's hard for you to stand after ten straight minutes. What if this fight goes this distance? How will that affect you?
I'll be fine. I'm getting a cortisone shot. I'll be 100 percent, no problem. I'm doing two-hour practices now on my feet. I'm good, and I will be good.
Do you have to get a therapeutic use exemption for the Cannabidiol you're taking to reduce the pain?
I'm not using it anymore. Just to get through the whole camp, I didn't want to take any painkillers and be all jacked up and be an addict. I don't want that for myself. All in all, the bottom line is, I'm ready to go. I'm ready to beat Werdum's ass, and that's it.
What has this past month been like for you since you helped launch the MMAAA, announced the injury and now this? You don't usually seek the spotlight, so I'm wondering if this has affected you at all?
I'm fine. I feel like with the years of competing, it's really hard to get at me. This type of stuff that's out there, it doesn't upset me, I'm not dwelling on it. I'm focused on the fight. I'm really good in that sense, just having a one-track mind. Everything else, I pretty much don't really think about.
Bjorn Rebney's involvement in the MMAAA has been a hot topic lately. Do you have an issue with him being involved?
You know what, I don't know anybody in the industry. I just always kept my head down and did my job as a fighter, that's it. I like to get to know people first before I make judgements. And obviously, I'll do my research and stuff, but that's my stance on it.
So far so good?
Yeah, so far so good.
Have you talked to the UFC since you appeared on that conference call and spoke about the back injury?
Yeah, they knew my back was hurt. But I told them, I'm able to train. I'm able to do everything. I feel good. So there's no problem with me not making the fight.
Has anyone from the Nevada Athletic Commission called you?
No.
(Writer's note: The NAC has not replied to multiple queries about this issue since Thursday.)
Is it accurate that this upcoming surgical procedure is less serious than the one you had earlier this year?
It is less serious than the first one. I mean, they are cutting into me. It's a very simple surgery, though. They are just shaving off some bone to make room for my sciatic nerve, and recovery time should be about three weeks. Give me a month to be 100 percent certain, and I should be ready to fight again around March or April.
Is there any chance this rematch against Werdum is your last fight?
No, there's no way this is my last fight. Not yet. Nope.
Or subscribe with your Google account and let Google manage your subscription.
Under present policy the U.S. each year can issue only 120,000 green cards to immigrants, and no more than 7 percent of those seeking permanent residency can come from any one country.
Because of the 7 percent cap, well-schooled immigrants from smaller nations obtain their green cards within months. But hundreds of thousands from large countries such as India and China must wait in line, sometimes for decades, for permanent status and then citizenship after establishing American careers.
To apply for green cards they must have a U.S. sponsor, typically an employer, willing to support the immigrant until permanent residency is secured. The sponsorship process costs employers many years' worth of filing fees and legal expenses and prevents immigrant employees from changing jobs.
Besides slowing the citizenship process for high-skilled immigrants, “this is anti-economy and anti-employer,” said Overland Park immigration lawyer Mira Mdivani, who mostly works with corporate clients.
“We don't have many people coming here from Scotland or Germany because they don't want to come here. The economy of their countries are strong enough to keep them there,” she said. “We are so fortunate to have people from India, China and the Philippines who want to bring their talents to our country.”
From India alone, immigrants on hold in Kansas City include:
▪ Apurva Panchal, a pediatrician at KU Medical Center. He emigrated in 2005 to obtain his medical degree from Columbia University and applied for permanent residency in 2011.
“If I were from Nepal or Sweden, I would've gotten my green card in 2011 and be a citizen of America by now,” said Pachal. But he may have to wait until the 2020s or 2030s — and stay put in his career until then — unless rules change, he said.
▪ Sowmya Ramanan, 33, of Overland Park. Arriving here to study in 2007 and later obtaining a temporary work visa, she suffered a stroke four years ago that left her bed-ridden for months and unable to work.
In 2014 she switched her visa status to be a dependent on her husband, a mechanical engineer who has been waiting more than a decade for his green card.
As is the case of the grieving Dumala, Ramanan would be deported if something unexpected happened to her husband, such as a job loss or death.
“We are homeowners, we are taxpayers,” Ramanan said. “We would love to start our own companies. But as long as our status is tied to my husband's work, we're stuck.”
▪ Falgun Surani, a structural engineer from Kansas City.
Surani and his wife are parents to two American children. He emigrated 13 years ago and said he could wait another 15 or 20 years to obtain his green card.
Surani, 34, traveled this week to Washington, D.C., along with 100 advocates with the group Immigration Voice, to press Congress into lifting the 7 percent cap.
“It seems to be an easy fix. All of the lawmakers we spoke to like it,” he said.
But if Yoder's proposal gets thrown into a larger package for comprehensive immigration reform, enough politicians will attach their own ideas into the legislation to “make the whole thing toxic,” Surani said.
Then nothing passes.
Yoder told The Star: “We have people working in this country for decades, who came here legally, followed every law ... done exactly what has been asked of them, and they could be sent home with a couple of weeks notice if they lose their job.”
Or if, as Dumala learned, one loses a husband to a gunman. Adam W. Purinton, 52, faces first-degree murder and federal hate crime charges in Kuchibhotla's death.
Having secured in the spring her 12-month visa, called an employment authorization document (EAD), Dumala still awaits approval of an H-1B work visa — valid for three years and renewable. If granted the H-1B, she would re-enter the backlog of green-card seekers from India.
“Both I and my husband got our home here and had many dreams,” Dumala said. “I want to fulfill those dreams by staying here.”
For hundreds of thousands of years humans lived in hunter-gatherer societies, eating wild plants and animals. Inequality in these groups is thought to have been very low, with evidence suggesting food and other resources were shared equally between all individuals. In fact, in the hunter-gatherer societies that still exist today we see that all individuals have a say in group decision making. Although some individuals may act as leaders in the sense of guiding discussions, they cannot force others to follow them.
But it seems that with the beginning of agriculture around 10,000 years ago, this changed. An elite class began to monopolise resources and were able to command the labour of others to do things, such as build monuments in their honour. So how was it that egalitarian societies, where all men were equal, transitioned into hierarchical societies where despots reigned?
In recent years archaeologists have tended to focus on the means by which would-be leaders could coerce other individuals into following them (so-called theories of agency). But while leaders probably did coerce their followers once they were in power, it is difficult to see how they could do so at the outset. After all, if all individuals started out with equal resources and equal status, how could one individual force 30 others to do their bidding? This problem forces us to examine the benefits that would-be leaders could provide to their followers – and this is where agriculture comes in.
While hunting wild game did not involve much co-ordination beyond placing traps and positioning hunters, agriculture presented an opportunity to massively increase the amount of food that could be produced. A classic example is the development of irrigation systems, which allowed crops to be grown further away from rivers and water sources. Although the role of irrigation systems in creating despotic states has been overstated in the past, they certainly would have created an opportunity for would-be leaders to behave entrepreneurially by managing their construction. Those that chose to follow their agricultural-technologist leader would then benefit from access to irrigation. This would provide the benefit of increased food production, enhancing both their quality of life and the number of surviving offspring they could produce.
In this way, social hierarchy could initially arise voluntarily – because individuals that chose to follow the leader were materially better off than those that did not. But under what conditions do this voluntary leadership, where everybody benefits, turn into despotism? I tried to answer this question with a new computational model, which has highlighted two key linked factors.
The first is population growth. When populations are small it's relatively easy for individuals to go back to a leaderless way of life, for example by moving to a new patch of land. This seems to happen in modern hunter-gatherer groups, where people may simply walk away from a bullying leader in the middle of the night. But as population density increases, it becomes harder and harder to find free land to move to that is not controlled by the leader and their followers. Model simulations demonstrate that positive feedback between leaders increasing resource production and population growth can create an obligatory hierarchy, destroying the viability of leaderless life in the area. And empirically, hierarchy formation most often co-occurs with an increase in food production that drives population growth.
The second factor is the cost of changing the leader. Even if individuals are locked into a hierarchy, despotism is not inevitable if individuals can readily choose to follow a different leader. For example, by moving to a different group with a different leader. Group membership in hunter-gatherer societies is quite fluid, so this is relatively easy. But with agriculture, individuals would have become tied to a plot of land in which they had invested, making leaving the group very costly. This would become even more extreme with irrigation farming, where farmers would be tied to the system. Indeed, the most despotic early states arose in locations such as Egypt, where agriculture had to happen in a narrow valley along the Nile, making dispersal very difficult.
So the use of agriculture established human societies and provided for them in some ways that improved over hunter-gathering. But it shattered the social norm and facilitated the rise of despotism by attracting followers to entrepreneurial leaders that could provide them with benefits, by increasing population density which reduced the ability for others to survive outside the hierarchical group and by making it so costly to leave the group that to do so was unattractive even when faced with despotic leaders. Even in ancient times at the dawn of agriculture there was, it seems, no such thing as a free lunch.
Image caption The Choi Young was despatched to track down the ship and rescue the crew
South Korean navy commandos have stormed a cargo ship which had been seized by pirates in the Arabian Sea.
All 21 crew members of the South Korean-owned Samho Jewelry were rescued, said Lt Gen Lee Sung-ho of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The navy said eight of the pirates had been killed and five captured.
South Korea is part of a multinational anti-piracy patrol in the area - it had dispatched a warship after the vessel was seized on Saturday.
The unprecedented rescue mission took place about 1,300km (800 miles) off the coast of Somalia and was described by Lt Gen Lee as "a perfect military operation".
The 11,500-tonne Samho Jewelry had been carrying chemicals from the United Arab Emirates towards Sri Lanka when it was hijacked in the waters between Oman and India.
Earlier in the week, President Lee Myung-Bak told the navy to take "all possible measures" to free the eight South Koreans, two Indonesians and 11 Burmese on board.
The Choi Young destroyer had been pursuing the ship for nearly a week, and the navy said the pirates appeared to have been weakened by the chase.
Lt Gen Lee said there were also concerns that they were expecting a mother ship to arrive soon to give them support.
We will not tolerate any behaviour that threatens the lives and safety of our people in the future Lee Myung-Bak, South Korean President
"Since we thought we could be in an extremely difficult situation if the pirates joined forces, we chose today to carry out the operation," he said.
Lt Gen Lee said the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff had taken advice from the Fifth Fleet - the US Navy division based in Bahrain - before the mission, and that the raid was carried out with support from a US destroyer.
'Never negotiate'
The Choi Young moved in when some of the pirates left the Samho Jewelry, apparently to attack a Mongolian ship nearby.
Commandos boarded the ship while a smaller boat and a helicopter were sent to rescue to Mongolian vessel.
"Three of our soldiers suffered light scratches on their bodies as they were fired upon by pirates on Tuesday," said Col Lee Bung-Woo, a spokesman for the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Image caption The rescue mission took place about 1,300km (800 miles) off the Somali coast In pictures: South Korea navy rescue
"Our Lynx helicopter immediately returned fire and several pirates fell into the waters. We believe they are dead."
Officials said eight of the 13 pirates on board were killed, although their bodies have not been found. Five were captured alive.
The captain of the ship suffered a bullet wound to the stomach but his condition was not thought to be life-threatening - he was praised for his actions in assisting the rescue.
"Pirates sought to take the vessel to the Somalian coast fast but the skipper helped us earn time by manoevering the vessel in a serpentine manner," said Lt Gen Lee.
"This operation demonstrated our government's strong will to never negotiate with pirates," he said.
In a televised statement after the mission, South Korean President Lee Myung-bak said the military had "carried out the operation perfectly under difficult circumstances".
"I appreciate it and send a message of encouragement," he said.
"We will not tolerate any behaviour that threatens the lives and safety of our people in the future."
Family members of the crew said the news of the rescue was "breathtaking".
"I feel so relieved," said the son of crew member Kim Doo-Chan. "I'm ecstatic."
The Gulf of Aden, between Yemen and Somalia, is one of the world's busiest shipping routes and has become a hotspot for pirate attacks.
Last year, Somali pirates received a record ransom of $9.5m (£5.8m) after seizing another ship owned by Samho Shipping.
The Samho Dream supertanker had been hijacked in the Indian Ocean in April.
Michael K. Williams is an actor, dancer and the American Civil Liberties Union's ambassador for ending mass incarceration. He is best known for his roles in the "The Wire," "Boardwalk Empire" and "The Night Of." The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.
(CNN) The war on drugs is arguably one of the most expensive and longest-running policy initiatives ever pursued by the American government. And this year, as it marks its 45th anniversary, it's clear it's also one of the most successful.
It's destroyed lives, torn families apart, filled our jails and prisons and hijacked countless futures of black and brown youth -- but that's what it was supposed to do.
We now know, 45 years later, the war on drugs wasn't meant to make America safer or more productive -- it was meant to mute President Richard Nixon's toughest critics, to criminalize black people and so-called anti-war hippies.
We now know, 45 years later, that the war on drugs is a war on people -- and more specifically, black and brown people, whom it has sought to demonize and silence, criminalizing generations of youth of color and creating severe drug-sentencing laws ultimately to target and incarcerate communities of color.
And sadly, we now know, 45 years later, that it has accomplished many of its goals.
a 350% increase over the past four decades. This uptick took place at the same time we doubled down on policies born from the war on drugs, such as As of 2014, we had 2.2 million people in our nation's prisons and jails --a 350% increase over the past four decades. This uptick took place at the same time we doubled down on policies born from the war on drugs, such as mandatory minimum sentencing
The effects of the war on drugs have been, and continue to be, devastating . The millions of parentless homes, the heartbreaking struggles with addiction, the financial desperation and the overall feeling that systems were built to hurt, not help, are painful consequences of racially motivated policies that continue rippling throughout our communities. This "war" has left an unforgivable blight on black communities across the country. And yet it still rages.
The war on drugs is a war on people and a war on progress. It's a war on opportunity for a generation of black and brown Americans who have grown up conditioned to believe that prison is inevitable, and incarceration is imminent.
I've been lucky in my life. I've played some incredible characters on television and in film (a few of whom know the pitfalls of our country's criminal justice system all too well), and it's taken me pretty far for a kid from East Flatbush in Brooklyn.
But more than that, when I've struggled with addiction issues, I've been able to get the help and treatment I needed. I've been fortunate enough to have a network of support that has helped me through tough times and empowered me to pursue my dreams, a career, and success. I realize that no one's life, least of all mine, would have been safer, better or more productive if I had been jailed for my addiction issues.
Fortunately for me, the war on people did not swallow me up. I was able to sidestep the trappings of a system designed to make me fail. But this isn't the case for many young men and women of color.
But while we can't erase the pain or impact of 45 years of policies designed to demoralize black Americans, we can organize, mobilize and take action to end the war on people and begin reversing some of its dire consequences. We can hold policymakers in Washington -- and presidential candidates crisscrossing the campaign trail -- accountable and demand they fulfill their moral and social responsibilities to make America the true beacon of justice and democracy it was meant to be.
In Washington, there has been positive movement toward reforming our system.
President Barack Obama has commuted more sentences -- focused on drug offenses -- than any other sitting president, and the Department of Justice has announced it will end the use of private prisons, removing a perverse financial incentive to incarcerate more and more Americans.
JUST WATCHED Nearly 6,000 drug inmates to go free Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Nearly 6,000 drug inmates to go free 05:23
There is also an opportunity right now to begin dismantling some of the most disastrous policies on Capitol Hill. The Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act, which the Senate is currently considering , wouldn't undo the war on people, but it would reform some mandatory minimum sentencing -- which has been used for decades to lock up black men and women across the country.
The changes would reduce mandatory sentences and give judges more freedom to hand down sentences that actually fit the crimes committed. It would expand programs to reduce the rate at which people return to prison, and invest in programs aimed at drug treatment and rehabilitation.
Our prisons are packed with people serving long, harsh sentences -- in many cases for drug offenses. Instead of providing people with rehabilitation and treatment programs, let alone education and job training, we have put them into cages and have left them untreated, forgotten and ignored.
This has taken its toll on communities across the country -- especially lower-income and economically disadvantaged ones.
Luckily, we're already seeing some progress at the state level. Sixteen states, including South Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia, already treat simple possession of drugs as a misdemeanor instead of a felony in some or all cases -- and Oklahoma may join them in November . Many more states need to follow suit. Reclassifying certain drug possession offenses from a felony to a misdemeanor not only reduces a sentence, but it also recognizes that drug addiction and substance abuse are health conditions that are better treated than incarcerated and ignored.
This year, as the war on people turns 45, we must collectively acknowledge that it is one of the greatest American injustices ever committed, and turn outrage and frustration into action and progress.
We must demand that policymakers in Washington begin unraveling the policies that have shackled generations of young Americans by supporting criminal justice reforms such as the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act, and start peeling back layers of policy that have criminalized and demoralized our communities for too long.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
And we must demand that presidential candidates make a pledge to voters that in exchange for our votes they will begin undoing the injustices that have left too many behind and blown over, and finally create a level playing field for all Americans -- especially Americans of color.
There is no "cure-all" for what has become of our so-called justice system. But pursuing legislative reforms and calling for a new era in American justice on the campaign trail is a strong first step in empowering and teaching the next generation of young black Americans that incarceration isn't inevitable.
The US is the only country to deny the hard fact that Turkey is buying oil from Daesh terrorists, the head of the State Duma's International Affairs committee wrote on Thursday.
"Russia, Syria, Iraq, Greece and Israel have accused Turkey of buying oil from Daesh, but the United States is the only country which fails to see this due to its geopolitical myopia,” Alexei Pushkov wrote on his Twitter account.
During their meeting in Athens on Tuesday Greek Defense Minister Panos Kammenos and his Israeli colleague Moshe Yaalon said that Turkey had been buying oil from the terrorists for a long time now.
Meanwhile, State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the US had no tangible proof to substantiate the charges.
Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem earlier accused Ankara of buying oil from Daesh.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi made a similar accusation in December 2015.
Russia's Defense Ministry has already provided proof of the illegal oil trade between the terrorists and Turkey.
HBO Warning: Spoilers ahead for "Game of Thrones" season six.
Sunday's "Game of Thrones" episode had a strong theme of familial reunion — Jon and Sansa were brought together, while Margaery and Loras spoke for the first time since their imprisonment and Theon returned home to Yara.
But there was one onscreen duo people online couldn't stop talking about: Tormund Giantsbane and Brienne of Tarth. The wildling leader was making eyes at Brienne over his mutton, and this small moment was one of fans' biggest takeaways of the night.
Tech Insider caught up with director Dan Sackheim, the man behind the camera for season six episodes three and four, "Oathbreaker" and "The Book of the Stranger." Naturally, we asked him what he thought about viewer's "shipping" Tormund and Brienne.
"Honestly, I'm surprised anyone even noticed," Sackheim told TI. "I mean it was meant to be a little grace note, and the fact that it's blown up with the buzz it has on the internet and on the blogosphere is kind of shocking to me."
HBO
"I think it's great, and it was certainly a fun moment to direct," Sackheim said. "It's cool because they're two characters who are sort of expressly cut off from emotions. Certainly [Brienne] is. She's not particularly forthcoming or feminine. She's all about her charge, her duty, her responsibility, and you hardly ever get to see her as person."
From the backstory we know of Brienne, she's never been seen as a conventionally attractive woman in Westeros, and any advances men made on her were either jokes or threats. She was probably mystified by Tormund's ferocious attraction to her.
HBO "Tormund, you know, he's a f---ing wildling!" Sackheim said. "The notion of these two unlikely people coming together, I think it's very cool. I'm very grateful that I got the chance to direct a little bit of humor in both 'Oathbreaker' and 'The Book of the Stranger.'"
Sadly, we might not see this romance come to fruition. Based on a scene in the full-length trailer, we know Brienne winds up in the Riverlands this season. Tormund probably won't follow her down south, no matter how taken he is with the woman warrior. He was also spotted in the trailer at what looks like a big northern battle. In the meantime, fans will just have to use their imaginations.
Loading ... Loading ...
California — Monsanto is suing the State of California for its intent to include glyphosate — the main ingredient in its wildly popular herbicide, Roundup — on its Proposition 65 toxic chemicals list.
California's decision came after the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) classified glyphosate as a “probable carcinogen” in March 2015. Researchers discovered “limited evidence” of a link between the weedkiller and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in humans, as well as “convincing evidence” of its link to other forms of cancer in rodents. Thus, IARC decided unanimously that glyphosate is “probably carcinogenic.”
California announced in September it would include glyphosate among the noxious chemicals under Prop 65, which “mandates notification and labeling of all known to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm, and prohibits their discharge into drinking waters of the state,” Alternet summarized.
Monsanto has pushed back against the classification by the IARC from the beginning. Glyphosate-laden Roundup remains the most heavily used herbicide on the planet — despite an ever-widening list of nations implementing whole or partial bans on the substance.
Indeed, Center for Food Safety believes the addition of glyphosate to the Prop 65 list is so imperative, Alternet reports the organization filed a motion to intervene in the Monsanto lawsuit on Wednesday:
“CFS was one of the first public interest organizations to raise awareness about how the use of glyphosate in Roundup Ready crop systems fosters herbicide-resistant weeds and increases the use of the herbicide and the detrimental effects associated with it, and has repeatedly sought to prevent the planting and approval of glyphosate-resistant, genetically engineered crops through federal litigation.”
Echoing concerns of an increasingly knowledgeable public, CFS believes in transparency and the right to be informed of risks from being exposed to toxic substances. Monsanto's lawsuit to block such labeling belies its indifference to harming the world's population and contaminating the planet — or, worse, its intent to profit despite such harm.
Should Monsanto be victorious in this court battle, it would represent a major defeat for the people's right to know when they could be harmed. Worse, it would be a victory for an already aggressively arrogant industry bent on profit at any and every cost.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Earn Op: American Dream Machines
Op is repeatable, available to all nations, and vehicles tier III or higher.
What'll it take to earn these American Dream Machines? Points -- lots of them! Earn points for the Dream Machines by placing near the top of your team's XP earners:
5 points : Top XP earner on your team
Top XP earner on your team 3 points : Top 2-3 XP earners on your team
Top 2-3 XP earners on your team 1 point : Top 4-5 XP earners on your team
The more points earned, the more valuable the reward you can get. There are 10 links to spend points on, with the higher tiered-links offering better prizes.
Best of all, the Op is repeatable, so once points are spent and prizes claimed, you can start over and rack up more points .
Fresh off her resignation as vice president for public policy at Susan G. Komen for the Cure, Karen Handel headed to (where else?) Fox News for her first TV interview to give her side of the story regarding the breast cancer charity's controversial decision to cut funding to Planned Parenthood for cancer screenings.
Echoing an argument that has become popular among conservatives in the media, Handel denounced Susan G. Komen's critics and said that the private foundation's decisions on how it disburses money should be free from outside pressures. Unfortunately for her, she also stomped all over that argument when she tried to justify Komen's initial decision to cut off Planned Parenthood.
Here's the key part of the interview.
For those who can't watch the video, Handel said: "The last time I checked, private non-profit organizations have a right and a responsibility to be able to set the highest standards and criteria on their own, without interference, let alone the level of vicious attacks and coercion that has occurred by Planned Parenthood." She returned to the argument a couple of minutes later, saying "all of us should be saddened that an outside organization will put this kind of pressure on another organization around their processes and granting and how they do it and to whom they are going to grant."
A minute later, however, Handel laid out Susan G. Komen's justifications for altering their policies to cut off Planned Parenthood, and she listed among them the fact that they had been "under pressure for some years" regarding the "controversies" surrounding Planned Parenthood:
HANDEL: I think the Congressional investigation, along with the various state investigations [of Planned Parenthood], those were a factor in the decision. But make no mistake about it, it was a bigger picture than that. There was the granting criteria as well as the controversies that were surrounding Planned Parenthood. And it's no secret, Megyn, that Komen and other organizations that were funding Planned Parenthood had been under pressure for some years, long before my time, that had been going on -- the pressure around the controversy. And I'm not going to get into too much on the internal aspects of things, but this organization had a right to make what it felt was the best decision for the mission. For the mission. And I think everyone can agree that if you have a grantee where there's this type of controversy surrounding it, Komen was doing its level best to move to neutral ground.
Who was the "pressure" coming from? Outside anti-abortion rights groups that sought to influence how Susan G. Komen disbursed its grant money.
So to sum up Handel's argument: We cut off Planned Parenthood's funding because outside groups were pressuring us, and how dare outside groups pressure us because we cut off Planned Parenthood's funding.
Postgame notes, quotes, boxscore, highlights and video of Mariners manager Scott Servais' media session following Seattle's 4-2 win on Friday night.
Highlights
Quotes from the visitor's clubhouse … Blue Jays' manager John Gibbons
On what he thought about Joe Biagini's outing: I thought he was great. You know really against one of the top lineups top to bottom you can find in the American League. He was pretty impressive.
On if he saw that Biagini was leaving some pitches up in the 7th inning: Yeah just really the Zunino at-bat. You know he's a groudball guy, you know Valencia's ball just found a hole. Yeah, I thought he was really, really good.
Postgame notes
SEATTLE MARINERS:
Seattle has won 10 of its last 12 games, including 7 of 9 to begin homestand.
Seattle is 10-2 (.833) since May 28, the best winning mark in the Majors in that span.
Seattle won its 11th come-from-behind game of the season, their 3rd of this homestand.
Also: June 3 vs. Tampa Bay & June 7 vs. Minnesota.
Seattle starters are 9-2 in last 12 games, posting a 3.42 ERA (26 ER, 68.1 IP) with 54 strikeouts.
In that stretch have allowed 2 earned runs or less in 8 of the 12 starts.
Sam Gaviglio tossed a career-high tying 6.0 innings (also: May 24 at WAS).
In 5 starts, has a 2.67 ERA (8 ER, 27.0 IP) with 15 strikeouts.
Has allowed 1 earned run or less in 4 of those 5 starts.
Tyler Cloyd made his season debut with 1.0 shutout frame in the 7th inning.
First MLB appearance since Sept. 29, 2013 at Atlanta with Philadelphia.
Tyler Cloyd recorded his first MLB win since June 6, 2013 at Milwaukee.
Seattle is now 22-11 in its last 33 home games against Toronto (since start of 2007).
Ben Gamel has hit safely in 11 of his last 12 games (since May 28).
During stretch is hitting .391 (18×46) with 7 runs, 2 doubles, 1 triple and 4 RBI.
Seattle's bullpen tossed 3.0 shutout innings tonight.
Have tossed 13.0 shutout frames over the last 4 games.
Have allowed just one run in the last 17.0 innings over the last 5 games.
TORONTO BLUE JAYS:
Jose Bautista recorded his 11th home run of the season with a solo blast with 1 out in the top of the 2nd inning…also marked his 12th career home run vs. Seattle, including his 5th this season.
Dating back to Sept. 25, 2009, Bautista has reached base safely in 44 of 45 games vs. Seattle, batting .321 (50×156) with 38 runs scored, 10 doubles, 12 home runs, 29 RBI, 1 HBP, 33 walks and 4 stolen bases.
Bautista recorded his 15th multi-hit game of the season (last: 5/30 vs. CIN).
Since May 29, Josh Donaldson has reached base safely in 10 consecutive games, including at least 1 hit in 9 games…during this stretch he is batting .351 (13×37) with 6 runs scored, 3 doubles, 5 home runs, 9 RBI and 7 walks.
Donaldson has reached base safely in all 10 road games this season, including hits in 9 games…overall he is batting .389 (14×36) with 6 runs scored, 1 double, 3 home runs, 6 RBI and 9 walks in 10 games on the road.
Donaldson recorded his 6th multi-hit game of the season (last: 6/6 at OAK).
Justin Smoak has hit safely in 6 of 8 games in June, including recording 4 multi-hit contests, batting .379 (11×29) with 6 runs scored, 5 home runs, 8 RBI and 3 walks.
Ezequiel Carrera recorded his 11th multi-hit contest of the season (last: 5/31 vs. CIN).
Boxscore
06-09-17-box-score
Every day in Britain, 14,000 trucks come from and head to the European Union. If there is no Brexit deal with the EU, is every one of those trucks going to be inspected as they bring vital food and goods into the UK to see that the right tariff is being charged and correct regulation observed? If some trucks get delayed or traffic volumes plummet, who will organise food rationing in our supermarkets? Five days before a general election called to give the government a negotiating mandate for leaving the EU, is anyone aware of the risks?
Equally, a quarter of British exports with the EU pass through one single port, Calais – £3bn a month – with zero border controls or inspection. Who in Calais is going to inspect these goods to see if they correspond to EU rules if we crash out with no deal? Has France any interest in investing quickly in the customs structure to keep British exports flowing? The M20 and M2 will become gigantic truck parks as drivers wait to be inspected. You might think that, just as a precautionary measure, as the prospect of the exit talks collapsing is less than two years away, the UK government would be investing in customs inspection depots in our great ports and along the land border with Ireland and also offering to build similar structures in France to ease the inevitable congestion on UK roads. Surely someone, somewhere might have asked these questions?
Nothing is being done at all. Mrs May and her breezy lead negotiator, David Davis, offer platitudes about Britain embracing the globe and no deal being better than a bad deal, but even the most innocent negotiator in the EU team can see this is vainglorious posturing. They are betting on a deal being struck – negotiators with few cards, nor making sure they hold better ones. As matters stand, the consequence of no deal would be calamitous.
For there are multiple areas where the same logic applies. It could be landing rights at EU airports or the export of drugs, suddenly to be treated as needing regulatory approval because they will come from a foreign country. There is the vast trade in dealing in euros in the City of London, surely certain to be repatriated to an EU member state. British universities will be barred from bidding for research grants. Some 55,000 EU nationals work in the NHS: are they to return and who is to replace them? An estimated 5,500 firms in financial services hold 330,000 passports to allow them to sell financial products across the EU – one of our few successful exports – with no questions or inspections asked. Again, this privilege is about to go in under two years. Companies with multiple operations around Europe, including Britain, will find that freely moving parts, people and data suddenly cannot be done.
For more than 40 years, Britain's industrial policy has, in effect, been membership of the EU; 485 multinationals have their global or regional headquarters in the UK and core parts of manufacturing have been revived by foreign investment. At best, that now stagnates; at worst, they leave. There is no corner of British economic life that does not face disruption bleeding into mayhem as a consequence of no deal. The politician who declares that no deal is better than a bad deal is either supremely ignorant – or lying.
Which is why any economic forecaster who looks coolly at the facts has to project a fall in British trade. The World Bank believes that if Britain switches from single market membership to trading with the EU on World Trade Organisation terms – the “no deal” option – then British trade in goods with the EU will halve and trade in services will fall by 60% as these effects work through.
Yet that is only the beginning of the disaster. To keep exports of goods and services flowing to the rest of the world on the same terms as now, even before negotiating new deals, Britain will have to renegotiate 759 agreements with 168 countries that are now held by the EU, as the Financial Times disclosed last week. That is 759 opportunities for other countries, knowing our plight, to try to negotiate something better.
The clock is ticking. Decisions on where companies place exports and source imports in 2019 have to be taken in 2018. In reality, Britain has to find solutions to all these issues in less than 12 months.
It simply can't be done within the time, nor is any network of replacement deals going to be superior to the ones we already have. Britain's growth rate is at the bottom of the G7 and investment is falling. The Conservative manifesto commitment to leave the single market and customs union and seek a trade relationship outside any of the EU's frameworks – not the EEA or even Efta – is a declaration of economic war upon ourselves. We are heading towards a first-order economic debacle. In Whitehall, morale is at rock bottom. Any civil servant who dares brief the prime minister or her inner circle on these realities is frozen out.
The EU could negotiate a British specific trade deal if it chooses, but there will be a high budgetary price. Britain, in essence, will be required to carry on contributing to the EU budget at current or even higher levels if it wants to keep vital goods flowing into the country in a customs deal, no less vital exports flowing out and some transitional arrangement during which we can try to renegotiate 759 trade agreements. Services, ranging from finance to the creative industries, in which Britain has a competitive advantage, can just take their chance. All influence on EU decisions will be lost. Some “deal”.
Britain will have to accept whatever the EU offers at whatever price. If the right of the Tory party and its media allies declare it unacceptable, the EU will shrug its shoulders and walk away. In any case, the European parliament, whose assent is required under article 50, will want tough terms to deter others from leaving. Nor will the government find popular support for no deal: Leavers voted to take back control, not for economic calamity.
A YouGov poll reports that 50% believe Britain should stay in the single market – only 29% do not and a narrow majority would even accept freedom of movement as the price of staying in. On these questions, Mr Corbyn and his party have been limp.
Britain is about to embark upon a national act of self-harm on an epic scale. The country, as it makes its decision on who it wants to lead the most important negotiations since the war, deserves to be warned. Instead, silence reigns.
Activists have targeted a Roman Catholic Archbishop in Belgium with a pie to the face -- again, again, again and again. Andre-Joseph Leonard has repeatedly been on the end of the pie-ing, a comedy staple, after he made comments claiming AIDS was "a sort of intrinsic justice" for gay people.
A prankster named "the Glooper" posted clips online showing the leader of the Catholic Church in Belgium getting hit in the face by custard pies four times while speaking at the Catholic University of Louvain-la-Neuve near Brussels Tuesday.
"The Glooper" is also said to have dished out a pie-ing to French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Microsoft founder Bill Gates in the past.
This time around, Leonard was targeted over his comments on gay people -- which included comparing homosexuality to an eating disorder. He was quoted as saying: "Homosexuality is not the same as normal sex in the same way that anorexia is not a normal appetite."
One of the activists who carried out the pie-ing said: "For all those homosexuals who daren't tell their parents they are gay, for all those young girls who want to have an abortion, he absolutely deserved it."
But there was also plenty of support for Archbishop Leonard, with messages of sympathy and encouragement on his official Facebook page Thursday. Whether the activists plan to continue their pie-based onslaught, however, is unknown.
• Video footage shows fans manhandling man on train before PSG game • Supporters chant: ‘We're racist, we're racist, and that's the way we like it' • Chelsea vow to ban any season-ticket holders or members involved
Chelsea have strongly condemned a group of their supporters who have been caught on video singing a racist song and preventing a black man from boarding the Paris Métro.
The footage, obtained exclusively by the Guardian, shows the man repeatedly trying to squeeze on to a busy train only to be forcefully shoved out of the door and back on to the platform at the Richelieu – Drouot station before Chelsea's Champions League tie against Paris Saint-Germain at Parc des Princes. The fans on the train are then heard chanting a song that appears to be celebrating what has just happened and includes the line: “We're racist, we're racist and that's the way we like it” while a black woman is standing directly in front of them.
Racist poison on the Paris Métro: why Chelsea, and football, must step up Read more
The video immediately sparked widespread condemnation after being posted on the Guardian's website and could lead to disciplinary action from Uefa if the governing body decides an event that happened away from the stadium is within its remit. Chelsea would feasibly face a fine and a warning.
The club said: “Such behaviour is abhorrent and has no place in football or society. We will support any criminal action against those involved, and should evidence point to involvement of Chelsea season-ticket holders or members the club will take the strongest possible action against them, including banning orders.”
Paul Nolan, a British expatriate who filmed the clip on his phone, told the Guardian that he had arrived on the platform on Tuesday evening after finishing work.
“The doors were open and I could see and hear that a lot of chanting was going on,” he said. “It looked like it was quite aggressive so I just took out by phone to record it.”
He said that the train had been stopped for about three minutes when the man arrived on the platform and tried to get on.
“He was obviously completely shocked when they pushed him off. I don't think he realised who they were. He then tried to get on again and got pushed off a second time.
“I was just completely appalled by it and so that's why I tried to catch some of it on my phone, although I was a bit self-conscious as it was getting quite aggressive and I overhead one of the Chelsea fans say something about stabbing someone. I think he was referring to a Paris Saint-Germain supporter who was on the platform.”
Nolan added that others on the platform looked on in disbelief: “There definitely was a culture shock. I heard a couple of French guys saying: ‘I can't believe this. It's insane.'”
French police reportedly used teargas outside the match venue amid scuffles involving Chelsea fans before the game.
Anti-racism group Kick It Out condemned the incident and called for Chelsea, and football, to avoid complacency over incidents of a similar nature. Its chairman Lord Ouseley said: “We know that prejudice is on the increase and that in itself leads to hateful attitudes and this sort of conduct.
“I was shocked that Chelsea fans were still behaving like this. I thought the club had made it quite clear and taken action about stopping any repetition, knowing Chelsea, how hard they've worked on these matters, with fans as well as players, that it was unlikely to occur.
“The fact it involved an assault as well, of the individual that they pushed off the train, was even more shocking. Clearly it sends out a strong signal to, not only Chelsea, but the whole of football, that you cannot be complacent and think the actions you're taking are sufficient to deal with the scourge of racism, sexism, homophobia and anti-Semitism. We've got to do a lot more and not be complacent.”
Kick It Out hopes anyone implicated is banned from football, not just from Chelsea matches. “We'll support any prosecution,” Lord Ouseley added. “Anyone who can be identified, if they have an association with the club, the club said it will take the strongest action, which would include banning those people from going to Chelsea football matches.
“I would hope it would extend to banning them from going to any football match. Chelsea need to make it quite clear, once again, that people who carry their prejudices around, please don't come to football. We need to see that reinforced by all clubs, because it's happening right across the country, not just one team.
“These attitudes are attitudes that are in our society and football can play a major part in helping to draw attention to ways in which we need to help people to change their attitudes.”
Lord Ouseley is uncertain if Uefa, European football's governing body which was in charge of Tuesday night's Champions League tie, can take action.
He added: “I think Uefa will inevitably look at it. It happened outside of the game, on a public transport system. Football, while it has to deal with those fans in a proper way - and the club is saying that it will - realistically you cannot simply look at it in a footballing context and make Uefa responsible for people who are travelling. The responsibility goes to the club and their travelling supporters.”
Chelsea fanzine editor David Johnstone believes the incident could have severe consequences for the club's reputation. “Because of the actions of possibly half a dozen people on a Metro train in Paris all the supporters are going to be labelled as racist,” he told BBC Radio Five Live.
“I think the majority of Chelsea supporters are disgusted by what's happened. The 2,000 who were in Paris today support a Jewish-owned football team where the majority of players are black and foreign.”
Want to read this regularly? Subscribe to The Week in Politics newsletter for free.
Given the chance to express concern about the influence of money in politics, voters in several states decided to do what they could to limit it.
"It's become an issue of increasing concern," said Brent Ferguson, who works on campaign finance issues at the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University. "Part of the reason is the increase in spending since Citizens United," he said, referring to the U.S. Supreme Court's 2010 decision that essentially let corporations, unions and nonprofits make unlimited donations.
Outside groups, such as super PACs, have already spent more than $1 billion this year, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, compared with $338 million back in 2008 -- the last presidential election year prior to Citizens United.
Ballot measures in California, Missouri, South Dakota and Washington state variously sought the repeal of Citizens United, limits on campaign contributions and the creation of publicly financed campaigns.
All but one of the measures passed.
"This issue is resonating more with voters," said Catie Kelley of the Campaign Legal Center, which favors regulation of money in politics.
While previous election cycles might have seen maybe one measure related to campaign finance restrictions, there were a total of five this year. Both Ferguson and Kelley said voters are frustrated with the lack of lawmakers' action on this issue.
"The common theme we've heard is that 'we'd be happy to do this through the legislative process,'" said Kelley. "There's a real sense of frustration that [ballot measures] are the only way to get these reforms passed."
Currently, 13 states offer some form of public financing for candidates who agree to curtail other fundraising actitivies. Last year, Maine voters approved a ballot measure that increased funding for the state's "clean election" law. But in Maine and other states, public financing and other efforts haven't stemmed the tide of large donations in the most competitive races. In 2014, the Supreme Court ruled in McCutcheon vs. FEC that while states or Congress can limit how much an individual or group contributes to a single campaign, they cannot limit how much donors give to all campaigns during an election cycle.
In South Dakota, the campaign finance measure was one of several on the state's ballot meant to overhaul the political process. Its passage means voters will be able to direct up to $12 million of state money to the candidates of their choice, in the form of $50 vouchers (sometimes called "democracy credits"). Candidates accepting the vouchers would then have to forego most traditional fundraising.
The measure also imposes new $2,000 limits on contributions that can be made to parties and political action committees in a single election cycle. Currently, South Dakota puts no such limits on contributions. Under the new law, once someone gives more than $500 to a campaign, those donations would have to be disclosed.
In addition, the measure will force more disclosure from independent groups, restrict lobbying by former state officials and create an appointed ethics commission to oversee and enforce these provisions.
Americans for Prosperity (AFP), a conservative group funded by the billionaire Koch brothers, led the opposition to South Dakota's measure. AFP's state director, Ben Lee, believes that it's wrong to use government dollars for campaign purposes. He also said that the disclosure requirements could hamper the privacy of donors.
Don Frankenfeld, Republican co-chair of the measure's campaign committee, said he had grown nervous that money would lead to the measure's defeat. But that proved not to be the case.
Washington state voters, however, rejected a campaign finance measure that is similar to South Dakota's. It would have imposed a cooling-off period before state officials could lobby, while limiting campaign contributions to $100 from lobbyists and government contractors, down from the current $1,000 limit. It would have also let voters devote three $50 vouchers to campaigns.
In contrast to South Dakota, backers of the campaign finance measure in Washington enjoyed more generous funding. Executives from Microsoft, as well as inventor Jonathan Soros -- the son of major liberal donor George Soros -- have written five- and six-figure checks in support.
As in South Dakota, the measure's opponents have complained about money being diverted from other government programs, such as education, to fund political campaigns. Because the vouchers in Washington would be paid for by ending a sales tax credit for Oregonians shopping in the state, tourism and sales could have been hurt in border counties, warned former state Attorney General Rod McKenna.
In Missouri, voters agreed to reimpose limits on campaign contributions, which had been abolished in 2008.
"Missouri is the only state in the union without any limits on campaign donations in state elections," said Marvin Overby, a political scientist at the University of Missouri. "If this measure passes, it would bring us much more in line with practices in other states."
Campaign finance has become a perennial issue in the state, with individual donors such as retired financier Rex Sinquefield and building products company owner David Humphreys each funneling millions of dollars to GOP candidates.
The new law will limit donations to candidates for state office to $2,600. It will also limit donations to political parties to $25,000 while blocking some transfers of funds between political committees.
It was backed by Fred Sauer, a former investment firm executive who ran for governor as a Republican in 2012. He's devoted more than $1 million to the campaign. The measure faced no organized opposition.
"Any attempt to put a reasonable lid on campaign spending is sensible," said Ken Warren, a St. Louis University political scientist, "but I am not sure it will survive court challenges."
Meanwhile, voters in California and Washington state each weighed in on the Citizens United ruling.
Washington's measure, which faced no organized opposition, requires members of the state's congressional delegation to introduce a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United.
Similarly, California's measure calls on state officials to work to overturn Citizens United and other judicial decisions that have opened the campaign finance floodgates. But it's just an advisory question, so state officials wouldn't be required to take any action.
Republican legislators mostly oppose the measure, but there was no organized opposition against it. Still, it only narrowly passed.
Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown allowed the referendum to appear on the ballot without his signature.
"I, too, believe that Citizens United was wrongly decided and grossly underestimated the corrupting influence of unchecked money on our democratic institutions," Brown wrote in response to an earlier version of the proposal in 2014. "But we should not make it a habit to clutter our ballots with nonbinding measures as citizens rightfully assume that their votes are meant to have legal effect."
Want to read this regularly? Subscribe to The Week in Politics newsletter for free.
The government's expanding efforts in computer-network warfare, offense and defense are among the most secret enterprises carried out by the military and intelligence community. To counter the adversary's use of the Internet, American cyberwarriors have hacked into extremist chat rooms to sow confusion, or to inject poisonous code to take down militant Web sites. Sometimes, they choose not to act, but silently track the online movements of jihadists to learn their plans.
In contrast, the Digital Engagement Team operates in total sunshine: all of the online postings carry an official stamp acknowledging sponsorship by Central Command.
The team's operators “respectfully deflect baseless and often irrational insults, confront adversaries with factual evidence and expose extremist propaganda that might otherwise go unrefuted,” Major Nevers said. “All engagements are transparent and attributable.”
The only obfuscation is the use of online pseudonyms to protect the civilian contract employees from potential retaliation.
Mr. Safavi's Internet pen name is drawn from a grand Persian dynasty. On a recent morning, he spotted a provocative Persian posting that inspired an energetic thread of responses criticizing the Pentagon's relationship with a complicated ally, Pakistan, mostly posing theories of Great Game conspiracies pitting spy vs. spy, insurgency vs. military, Washington vs. Islamabad.
The discussion was relevant beyond Mr. Safavi's native Iran, since there are large Persian-speaking populations in Afghanistan and in its northern neighbor Tajikistan.
“You've heard of the Iron Curtain, of course,” Mr. Safavi said. “We're here to pierce the Electronic Curtain because the military has decided that it cannot cede this information space to violent extremists.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Safavi typed up a translated summary of the Internet exchange, which in a matter of minutes had grown to 29 entries read by thousands more. He proposed a response drawn from Pentagon and State Department policy statements: it described shared American and Pakistani security interests, citing as evidence the large number of Pakistanis in security forces who were killed in battles with insurgents within that country's borders.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Then he sent a message up his chain of command to Major Nevers on a form labeled “Permission to Engage.”
The Digital Engagement Team works in cyberspace but not at network speeds because translation and approval take hours. Yet it has tried to make a virtue of the demands of oversight. If an offending Web posting is spotted in the early morning, the response is online by early afternoon, landing just as computer users across the Middle East resume their Web surfing in the hours between dinner and sleep.
Parallel to these military efforts, the State Department created a strategic counterterrorism communications center whose online analysts and bloggers try to understand what inspires their target audience — men 18 to 30 years old, mostly in the Middle East — to violent extremism, and to find ways to steer them away from that.
“We really want to have an intimate understanding of where they're coming from, what they're saying, how they're saying it, and what drives them,” said Richard LeBaron, a former American ambassador to Kuwait who is the center's coordinator.
For the State Department's Digital Outreach Team, Arabic- and Urdu-speaking analysts engage extremists in online conversations, identifying themselves as representing the United States government. “The fact they engage with us indicates we've hit a nerve,” Mr. LeBaron said. “They often use horribly abusive language, so our folks have to have thick skins.”
Brian Fishman, a counterterrorism analyst at the New America Foundation, a nonpartisan research group in Washington, said that despite their limitations, these online outreach campaigns were efficient and inexpensive tools in the government's increasingly holistic approach to combating terrorists, especially as the United States draws down its troops in Iraq and Afghanistan.
In many respects, Mr. Fishman said, juxtaposing factual images — videotapes of the hateful preachings of the Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri against the triumphant protests in Tahrir Square in Cairo this year — can be more powerful, and more effective, than any message the government can transmit.
“Just demonstrate the facts and let reality speak for itself,” Mr. Fishman said.
Popular Arabic-language Web sites acknowledge the impact of the Digital Engagement Team. A blogger at www.islamtoday.net wrote late last year that the effort “represents a shift in the style of engagement normally used by Americans with the populations of the region, which usually addresses the elites and the governments in English.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The blogger acknowledged that the military's online initiative “is to open a dialogue with readers and Web sites that represent a segment with different interests and opinions,” and that the Central Command postings in “smooth Arabic” were “often very sophisticated.”
Military officers admit that beyond anecdotal feedback, it is hard to measure the program's impact. Software can tabulate the number of people reading the postings across the foreign-language Web sites where the team engages. But it is impossible to measure whether opinions are changing — and, if so, whether the team is a significant influence, or simply trying to empty the ocean of militancy one thimble at a time.
“What's most important is that we are engaging in intelligent, honest and forthright discussions,” said Maj. T. G. Taylor, Central Command's chief of media. “The fact that more and more forums allow us to participate with their audiences is perhaps a more important measure of our communication efforts.”
One recent effort by the Central Command involved answering a chat room query on what had been accomplished by America's decade-long involvement in Afghanistan. “Afghans today enjoy more political, economic and social rights than at any time in the history of the country,” the Digital Engagement Team wrote back. It added, “The days of public stoning and the beating of women in the streets are over.”
President Donald Trump insists “the rich will not be gaining at all” with his administration's new tax reform bill, introduced on Wednesday. But the measures in the plan are aimed at benefiting wealthy business owners and the nation's powerful corporations that have spent, in some cases, millions of dollars lobbying for its own interests and filling the campaign coffers of the very people who crafted the bill.
The centerpiece of the plan is a series of tax cuts for corporations that will likely mean less funding for the government to do its job and more money in the hands of the wealthy corporate interests who bankrolled their various campaigns.
Though a recent ABC News/Washington Post poll found that 65 percent of Americans believe large corporations pay too little in federal taxes, the main provisions of this bill will cut taxes on those companies even further. The bill is a virtual wish-list for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and an array of the largest lobbying forces in Washington.
Advertisement
ThinkProgress found that 50 of the entities that indicated that they had lobbied on tax reform in the second quarter of 2017 alone accounted for nearly $151 million in lobbying expenditures.
Additionally, by pouring thousands of dollars from corporate PACs into the campaigns of the Congressional Republican leaders with the most influence on what made it into the bill, these companies and interest groups ensured access, influence, and/or the presence of likeminded allies in positions of power. And because some had longstanding ties with key Trump officials, they may have had even more influence than usual.
Here are some of the main provisions of the reform bill and the interests that successfully pushed to get them included.
Lowering the corporate tax rate
Though many corporations pay far less than the 35 percent federal tax rate on the books, nearly every corporate interest that weighed in on tax reform wanted the rate lowered. Those corporations got their wish: It was announced on Wednesday that the rate would be lowered to 20 percent, and the president reiterated he would not negotiate on the 20 percent rate.
Leading the charge for a rate cut was a coalition of businesses calling itself the RATE Coalition.
Its members, each of whom believes that a lower rate “would better allow U.S. businesses to compete in today's globalized marketplace,” include Aetna Inc., AT&T, Altria Client Services, Association of American Railroads, Boeing, Brown-Forman, Capital One, Cox Enterprises, CVS Caremark, Edison Electric Institute, FedEx, Ford, General Dynamics, Home Depot, Intel, Kimberly-Clark, Liberty Media, Lockheed Martin, Macy's, National Retail Federation, Nike, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Reynolds American, S&P Global, Southern Company, Synchrony Financial, T-Mobile, UPS, Verizon, Viacom, and Walmart.
In just the second quarter of 2017, members of the RATE coalition spent more than $48 million on total lobbying.
And many of those companies, through their PACs, have given many of the leading Republican tax reform policy writers large political donations over the years.
Advertisement
Along with the GOP leadership and Trump administration, a quartet of key legislators oversee tax policy. Orrin Hatch (R-UT) chairs the Senate Finance Committee, which has jurisdiction over taxation. Sen. Rob Portman (R-OH) chairs its subcommittee on taxation and IRS oversight. Their House counterparts are House Ways & Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R-TX) and tax policy subcommittee chairman Peter Roskam (R-IL). Thus, this legislation falls squarely in the purview of their fiefdoms (and sub-fiefdoms).
AT&T, for instance, has given Brady at least $70,500 throughout his career, Hatch $57,999, and Roskam $60,500. Since 2009, Portman has received at least $19,500 from the telecommunications giant's PAC as well.
Boeing's PAC donated large sums to the campaigns of policy writers, since 2002 donating at least $34,500 to Roskam's campaign, $31,000 to Hatch's, $20,000 to Portman's, and $27,500 to Brady's.
Same with Aetna's, which through its PAC has given at least $24,000 since 2005 to Hatch's campaign, $20,000 to Portman's, $17,500 to Brady's, and $5,000 to Roskam's. And General Dynamics' PAC has donated at least $67,000 to Roskam's campaign since 2005, $14,000 to Portman's, $8,625 to Hatch's, and $1,000 to Brady's.
Other major lobbying forces like United Technologies (more than $2.2 million in lobbying in that period), the National Association of Manufacturers (more than $1.7 million), and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce (more than $11.6 million) also explicitly pushed for rate cuts. Since 2002, United Technologies' PAC has donated $30,000 to Brady's campaign, $18,000 to Roskam's, $15,000 to Portman's, and $13,000 to Hatch's.
The Chamber spent about $30 million in the 2016 elections to elect Republicans, including $10,000 in PAC contributions to Rob Portman, and another $4.6 million in “independent expenditures” to help him defeat his Democratic opponent. Portman chairs the Senate Finance Committee's taxation subcommittee. The non-profit consumer advocacy group Public Citizen observed that the tax-exempt pro-business group “has become an arm for the Republican Party.” As the second largest outside spending group, its largesse was a huge factor in the Republicans maintaining their narrow majority in the U.S. Senate. And a July “open letter” from the Chamber's president and CEO to all members of Congress and congressional candidates made clear that the group's 2018 campaign spending would be in support of those who back its “free enterprise” agenda on issues like tax reform.
A tax cut for non-incorporated businesses
Of course, not all businesses are corporations — nor are all of the Chamber's members and funders. So the group's massive lobbying campaign focused not just on “c corps,” subject to the 35 percent federal rate, but also on pass-through businesses like LLCs, “s-corps,” and partnerships, which are subject to different tax rates based on what individuals pay. They too, the Chamber argued, should receive large tax cuts for their revenues.
Advertisement
Among the LLCs that might be affected are the Koch brothers' petrochemical behemoth Koch Companies Public Sector, LLC (which spent more than $2.5 million on lobbying in the second quarter of 2017), tobacco giant Altria Client Services (also more than $2.5 million), and the president's own Trump Organization. (While The Trump Organization has not acknowledged lobbying in 16 years, Roger Stone was their lobbyist in 2000.)
Since 2005, the Koch Industries' corporate PAC has given at least $57,500 to Roskam's campaign committee, $33,000 to Brady's, $28,000 to Hatch's, and $20,000 to Portman's. Additionally, Charles and David Koch helped spend millions of dollars in 2016 to elect Republicans through their web of dark money groups like Americans for Prosperity (which spent over $1.7 million attacking Portman's opponent in 2016) and Freedom Partners Action Fund (which spent nearly $10 million on that race).
The Republican leadership's proposal would lower the tax rate for many such businesses all the way from 39.6 down to 25 percent. And with the individual maximum dropping to 35 percent, every such business would see a lower rate. With these changes, pass-throughs—including Trump—would save billions in taxes.
Allowing low-rate repatriation
Another key corporate giveaway in the proposal would allow multinational corporations to bring accumulated foreign earnings back to the homeland at a low one-time rate, known as a repatriation tax. The administration has still not announced that rate but officials have reportedly indicated it will be somewhere in the 10 percent range.
The non-partisan Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy has identified at least 322 Fortune 500 companies with $2.6 trillion dollars in foreign profits that they have not yet repatriated to the United States, avoiding U.S. taxes on that money. This money is typically revenue from foreign subsidiaries and is taxed by the United States not in the year that it is earned but in the year that it is moved back to the domestic parent company.
Of those companies in the Taxation and Economic Policy report, the ten with the most unrepatriated foreign money, as of 2016, were Apple, Pfizer, Microsoft, General Electric, IBM, Johnson & Johnson, Cisco Systems, Merck, Google, and Exxon Mobil. In total, those companies held more than $1 trillion in unrepatriated funds and spent almost $21.7 million on second quarter lobbying. Apple, the Consumer Technology Association, Hewlett-Packard, the National Association of Manufacturers, and Northrop Grumman each lobbied to make sure it was included in tax reform.
Orrin Hatch has received at least $44,500 in career PAC money from Eli Lilly and Company, which had $28 billion overseas in 2016 and spent more than $2 million lobbying on tax reform in the second quarter of 2017. Hatch has also received $53,500 in PAC donations from Pfizer, which had over $197 billion overseas in 2016, $28,000 in PAC money from Microsoft, which had $124 billion overseas, and over $9,000 in PAC cash from Oracle, which had $42.6 billion overseas.
Hatch is in good company. Brady received at least $71,750 in PAC money from Chevron, a company that had over $46 billion in unrepatriated foreign profits in 2016. Roskam has received $62,500 in PAC donations from Caterpillar, a company that had $16 billion overseas and $49,000 from McDonald's, the same fast food empire that's served billions and billions while holding more specifically, $16 billion overseas.
Goldman Sachs — the former employer of both Gary Cohn, Trump's chief economic advisor, and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin — through its PAC has given Roskam's campaign $42,000 and Portman's, $10,000 throughout their careers. Since 2010, Hatch's campaign has also received at least $20,000 from Goldman Sachs' PAC, while Brady has received at least $17,500. The banking magnate, which was fined billions for its role in the 2008 economic collapse, had over $31 billion overseas in 2016.
Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs COO who led the company in the years following the economic recession before taking a job at Trump's White House, helped steer the tax reform effort with Mnuchin, who rose through the company's ranks during the 1980s to early 2000's becoming the company's vice president and CIO.
Should this provision become law, those companies could repatriate the money and save tens of billions on their tax bill.
Territorial system for future foreign profits
But even if all of these existing foreign profits are repatriated tomorrow, the question would remain of how to avoid such a cash buildup in the future. To discourage companies from again hoarding their foreign profits without repatriating them, the package includes a system that would not tax U.S.-based companies on profits earned abroad — making it much cheaper for U.S. companies that make profits internationally.
This change — known as a “territorial system” — was a priority for the Business Roundtable, Comcast, Eli Lilly and Company, FedEx, Hewlett-Packard, Pfizer, Qualcomm, and United Technologies, which combined to spend more than $19.2 million on second-quarter lobbying. Like much of the rest of the plan's overview, there were few details about the setup of the system or what rules would be put in place to ensure domestic earnings do not escape taxation.
Another coalition — the Alliance for Competitive Taxation (ACT) also pushed for changes to the way foreign profits are taxed going forward. Instead of the existing system, they urged a more territorial approach that would “[modernize] our international tax system to make American businesses more competitive in the global marketplace.” Its members include 3M, Abbott, Alcoa, Bank of America, Boston Scientific, Caterpillar, Coca-Cola, Danaher, Dow Chemical, Eli Lilly and Company, E. I. du Pont de Nemours, Emerson Electric, Exxon Mobil, General Electric, General Mills, Google, Honeywell, International Business Machines, International Paper, Johnson & Johnson, Johnson Controls, JPMorgan Chase, Kellogg, Kimberly-Clark, MasterCard, McCormick & Company, Morgan Stanley, Oracle, PepsiCo, Procter & Gamble, Pfizer, Prudential Financial, State Street, S&P Global, Texas Instruments, United Technologies, UPS, Verizon Communications, and Walt Disney. Together, these companies spent over $44 million on second-quarter lobbying.
They, like many other companies lobbying to influence the bill, have also donated PAC money to the lawmakers crafting it. Since 2001, for instance, Bank of America's PACs have donated at least $63,500 to Roskam's campaign, $38,000 to Brady's, and $22,500 to Hatch's. Likewise, since 2003, General Electric's PAC has donated at least $53,500 to Brady's campaign, $32,000 to Roskam's, $24,000 to Hatch's, and $19,500 to Portman's.
Johnson and Johnson's PAC has donated at least $29,500 to Brady's campaign, $26,000 to Hatch's, $17,000 to Portman's, and $11,500 Roskam's, since 2003. Verizon's PACs, since 2001, has given at least $46,000 to Roskam's campaign, $40,500 to Brady's, $27,000 to Hatch's, and $15,000 to Portman's.
Indigenous leader says he was surprised to be asked to replace Joe Bullock but plans to continue pushing for constitutional recognition
Bill Shorten has asked the Indigenous leader Patrick Dodson to fill the casual Senate vacancy created by the resignation of Joe Bullock, in a surprise announcement on Wednesday.
The opposition leader called a press conference to announce he would be endorsing Dodson, following Bullock's resignation late on Tuesday night.
Bullock quit only two years into his six-year term due to Labor's stance on same-sex marriage, which is to make a yes vote on the issue binding for party members from 2019.
Shorten asked Labor's national executive to convene an urgent meeting in order to launch Dodson into the seat.
“I hope that Pat will be someone our parliament and our community can look to for wisdom and guidance. Particularly as we seek to address the unfinished business between Australia's first people and the rest of us,” Shorten said.
“It shouldn't be strange or unusual for people of Pat's renown, experience and wisdom to be given the chance to serve in our Parliament. Yet at the moment it is.”
Shorten described Dodson as “a truth teller, a powerful advocate for recognition, justice, equality and fairness for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people”.
Dodson said he was surprised by Shorten's phone call to sound him out for the position, but says after giving the proposition “deep thought” he decided it was a “good opportunity and not one that should be passed up”.
Dodson, a Yawuru man from Broome in Western Australia, has had a long and distinguished career fighting to end Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander disadvantage.
He has worked towards equality for decades, and on Wednesday said it was time to “step up to the plate” and try to influence politics from within parliament.
In show of rare bipartisanship, the Indigenous affairs minister, Nigel Scullion, congratulated Dodson on his nomination.
“Should Prof Dodson fills the position, he will bring a great deal of political and life experience around First Australians to the parliament,” Scullion said. “For too many years under successive governments, the constant change in approach taken in Indigenous affairs has, itself, become a barrier to improving outcomes for first Australians.”
“I would look forward to working with Pro Dodson in parliament to further advance the interests of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.”
Dodson chaired a royal commission into Aboriginal deaths in custody in the late 80s and early 90s, and on Wednesday vowed to keep pushing for lower incarceration rates for first Australians.
“That matter has to be dealt with. I don't know why we've increased the number of incarcerations for Indigenous people after 339 recommendations of the royal commission,” he said. “We also have 15,000 Aboriginal kids placed in some kind of home care. That has to be addressed.”
It is Labor's policy to create a new justice target in the Closing the Gap campaign. The prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, acknowledges that the incarceration rate was too high, but will not commit to a new target.
In 2009, Dodson was a finalist for the senior Australian of the year, and has been a Catholic priest and director of land councils in the past.
He said parliamentarians had goodwill in trying to achieve reconciliation, but had not always been well-informed. He urged greater engagement with local communities and said that future settlement deals between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians would be vital.
After agreeing to become a Senate candidate, Dodson tendered his resignation as co-chair of the Referendum Council. The council advises government on the recognition of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people in the Australian constitution.
Indigenous kids are still being removed from their families, more than ever before | Larissa Behrendt Read more
Dodson will continue pursuing recognition of Australia's first peoples in the nation's founding document, rather than a statement of recognition outside the constitution, as proposed by some.
“The notion of getting the words right is a real challenge,” Dodson says of the wording of the eventual referendum question. “I would be clearly focused on us achieving the recognition of Aboriginal people in line with the wishes and aspirations of Aboriginal people and ultimately the Australian public.”
“Constitutional recognition has been drifting along,” he said. “There's a lot of hard work that is in train.”
The Broome elder brushed aside concerns that joining a political party would end the bipartisanship that recognition had enjoyed in the past.
“I'm not swapping Indigenous tribalism for white fella tribalism as it were,” Dodson joked. “We can find some solutions to this, and I'm happy to work with anyone.”
If Dodson's candidature is successful, Shorten wants him as an adviser on issues to do with the development of northern Australia.
“[Western Australia] often doesn't get the attention they require,” Dodson said. “I live in one of the biggest electorates in the country I suppose, Durack, and we don't always get the kinds of services citizens require. That's all people, not just Indigenous peoples.”
He slapped down the state government for proposing to defund remote communities, a policy that prompted the former prime minister, Tony Abbott, to say that governments should not be funding people's “lifestyle choices”.
“We've got a Western Australian government that's talking about closing communities without any plan as to how those people are reconnected or relocated into those major towns in the north.”
If formally endorsed, Dodson will join a very small group of Indigenous people in both houses of parliament, including Labor's Nova Peris and Liberal minister, Ken Wyatt and backbench senator, Joanna Lindgren. Independent senator Jacqui Lambie also claims Indigenous ancestry.
Bill Shorten asks Labor to endorse Pat Dodson to replace Joe Bullock – politics live Read more
Louise Pratt, who was bumped off the top spot on the Senate ticket by Bullock, has thrown her hat in the ring to reclaim the spot.
Shorten praised Pratt as an “excellent senator” with a “contribute to make in public life again for the Labor party”, but backed in Dodson.
“On this occasion though, I'll be supporting Pat Dodson. I think he is, by all agreement, a distinguished Australian,” the opposition leader said.
Including Bullock, Labor has lost four WA MPs and senators in 2016, but shadow communications minister, Jason Clare, was not concerned. He told ABC Radio on Wednesday that the party had “some good MPs waiting in the wings”.
Well, i signed up for this for my wife, who's pride sometimes gets in the way of her skepticism. She never in a million years thought that total strangers as she calls us Redditors, i call y'all family, and i know we are all great people here. She kept saying that it wasn't coming, i told her to keep believing, and tonight there was a box in the garage. It had my name on it, i asked her why she did not open it, and she told me "it has your name on it" i told her it was hers from the gift exchange. so i brought it in and opened it up and spread all the goodness across the counter. i called to her and she didn't respond. i went into the bedroom and she was crying :( i asked what was wrong, she said "i just really cant believe strangers would do this for me!!!" i told her, "they aren't strangers, they are your family Reddit, a mix match lot of wonderful people!!!"" She thanked god for this gift, and we both want to thank our Special Family Santa s in TN!! She teaches in a lower income area, and i have been laid off of work for awhile, we usually get these items out of pocket and this year we just really could not do it. School starts first day tomorrow, and she is so ecstatic that these items, which were over and above what we had listed, items she needed, but pride would not let her ask for too much and as we did not want to seem greedy and had only asked for the basic needs to get by. Well, there was WAYY more than we expected. We will get back on our feet god willing soon and will pay this wonderful gift forward. Thank you with much love in our hearts to our Reddit Santa's and God Bless. Thank you again.
Fan reaction to The Last Jedi has been mixed to say the least, but it's not the first divisive film the Star Wars series has ever had. That honor goes to The Empire Strikes Back.
Today the general consensus is that Empire Strikes Back is the best Star Wars movie. It has an audience score of 97% on Rotten Tomatoes and an 8.8/10 on IMDb, compared to A New Hope's 96% and 8.7/10, respectively. These user scores weren't generated until decades after the original trilogy was released, but it's not like fan opinion could have shifted that much, right?
What would fans have been saying on the internet in 1980?
A Million Voices Cried Out
Before the internet, sci-fi fans got their entertainment news from magazines. The biggest sci-fi magazine of the ‘80s was Starlog, a magazine that focused more on movies and television than on prose.
The magazine also provided an outlet for fans wanted to speak their mind in the form of a letters column, making it the closest thing to an internet forum or social media app circa May 1980.
Thankfully, Archive.org has a collection of Starlog, so let's take a look at issues #39-41. What were the fans saying?
As with The Last Jedi, fan reaction was mixed to say the least. Some felt it was better than the first one, some enjoyed it but had complaints, and some were disappointed. But what's most interesting is how specific comments or criticisms mirror those of The Last Jedi…
[Spoilers for The Last Jedi and The Empire Strikes Back follow.]
That's Not True, That's Impossible
There's been speculation online about whether or not it's true that Rey's parents were really just nobody. I mean, Kylo Ren is a bad guy, he could have been lying. It turns out some fans were similarly skeptical about the revelation of Luke's father.
Robert L. Beedy-Scarola:
Is Luke related to Vader? Most think so now that Vader came right out and said it. Well, I say, do you believe everything you hear? Vader may have lied just to enlist Luke to his side. Vader would then dispose of Luke once he got what he wanted.
Just how many fans remained in denial until Return Of The Jedi? It's hard to say without a published poll, but accounts from people “who were there” posted on Reddit and Quora suggest it was a fairly high amount. One historical record that backs this up is a Seton Hall University 1981 yearbook account of David Proust's visit:
The answer to the question which haunted millions since the release of the movie “The Empire Strikes Back” was answered by an expert, November 11, 1980.
David Proust, who portrayed Darth Vader in “Star Wars” and the current sci-fi epic laid it on the line.
“I am Luke Skywalker's father,” he said.
Did you feel like The Last Jedi left too many unanswered questions? Empire Strikes Back viewers felt the same.
Sean Bernard:
I know they wanted to leave something to settle in the other sequels, but they left a little too much. For instance, Han Solo's predicament. The movie should not have ended until Han was either killed by Boba Fett or Jabba or rescued by Lando Calrissian or Chewbacca, the former, preferably. Also, the fate of Bespin is not told. Was it taken by Lando's troops, taken by Imperial troops or destroyed by Vader? I like Lando Calrissian and Billy Dee Williams was very good playing the part.
There was also the unresolved question of there being “another.” Fans speculated away.
Arlene Bahrenburg:
And, one of the biggest questions in my mind is who is Yoda's “other” student? Could it possibly be a girl — a love interest for Luke? I have 1,095 days in which to draw my own conclusions.
Bill Smith:
Could it be Vader himself? Considering that there was an equilibrium of power between the good and dark sides of the Force, it would not be impossible to turn Vader into the antithesis of what he is now, especially if Luke (who, except for Yoda may be the most powerful member of the good side of the Force) is truly his son.
Keith Hoffman:
I suggest Princess Leia. She is young enough for the training; she withstood Darth Vader's tortures; she is dedicated to the cause; Princess Leia, not Lando, “heard” Luke's cries for help; Han Solo is not in shape to be going anywhere for awhile and he is too old. I wouldn't be surprised if in the third film, Leia, instead of Luke, destroys the Emperor. Of course, it will be the year 2000 before we find out.
Keith was a little off in his guess on the release year of Return Of The Jedi, but was surprisingly close on the release year of the first prequel.
The “Ship” That Made The Kessel Run In…
Some modern fans Star Wars have expressed disappointment about their favorite “ship” being invalidated. There were 1980s fans who expressed the same disappointment (before Return Of The Jedi invented the sibling connection).
Carol Kane:
C'mon Leia, why don't you take a look around? Can't you see what Luke is up against? You could have a “nice guy” like him. Instead, you are turning your back on him. Forget that it was Luke that saved you from having your atoms scattered throughout the galaxy. Forget that it was Luke, and not Han Solo, that wanted you rescued from the Death Star detention area. But you don't need to remember all that, Leia. As long as hot-lips Han is around, who needs Luke anyway?
Fans even disagreed about the “I know” line.
Jeannette Vogelpohl:
Somebody should tell Harrison Ford that when a woman tells a man, “I love you,” “I know” is not an acceptable response. That scene was not funny, it was infuriating.
Nancy Savula:
Empire Strikes Back is fantastic. The special effects are superb. And Han Solo's “I know” is the best line since Rhett Butler's “My dear, I don't give a damn.” I love it.
There are modern fans believe politics didn't enter geek culture until the internet age, but Starlog proves it was there much earlier.
Richard Hess:
George Lucas has made a movie even more racist and sexist than the first. I would think that Billy Dee Williams would resent being the token black in the film. Also, there was only one other woman, apart from Carrie Fisher, in the movie.
If you're racking your brain to remember that other woman in Empire Strikes Back, the author was likely referring to Brigette Kahn's “Other Rebel Officer,” the only other woman with a speaking line.
I Have A Bad Feeling About This
Starlog staff writer David Gerrold presented his own set of criticisms in a review entitled “Empire Strikes Out.” Despite the punchy headline, he didn't actually hate it; he just didn't think it was amazing as mainstream critics were saying.
I liked it. I really did. I just didn't like it enough.
Just about every other critic in the country has been telling you how good the picture is; they've been falling over themselves to tell you. It's embarrassing. I feel guilty for not liking it as much as I'm supposed to.
His initial criticisms are those of a hard science fiction fan pointing out scientific inaccuracies. For example, when the Millennium Falcon lands inside that giant space slug on an asteroid, there shouldn't be any gravity that they can just walk around, and they should be wearing suits to protect them from the lack of atmosphere. The latter problem returns in The Last Jedi when Leia is blown into space.
Gerrold also wonders how a space slug can survive on an asteroid without a food source, how the Falcon can get from the Hoth system to the Bespin system when the hyperdrive is broken, and a few other smaller nitpicks that he dismisses himself as nitpicks for a movie that's more science fantasy than science fiction.
When he gets to his story criticisms, things become more subjective. He feels that the lack of a McGuffin — the thing that everyone is after, like the first movie's plans to the Death Star — weakens the sequel. He feels that the movie is too fast paced, and that the pacing led to an unsatisfying climax. He felt like Luke didn't actually grow or learn anything, and that Yoda should've put the ship right back where it was after lifting it up, to make Luke learn to do it himself.
But his criticisms of the story's structure are what I found most fascinating:
Structurally, the film is flawed by its need to imitate its predecessor's “formula” of fast-paced cross-cutting. We cut back and forth between Luke and Yoda on Dagobah and Leia and Han in the asteroids, and the time sense of both sets of events is distorted. How long were Han and Leia fleeing? How long is Luke studying?
Cutting between different stories happening in different places is so commonplace today that we take it for granted, but back then it was still considered a bit avant garde, confusing, or just bad craft. George Lucas first played with this technique with American Graffiti, and in the documentary The Making Of American Graffiti he explains:
It was one of the first movies to ever tell four stories simultaneously and have the four stories not really be connected with each other. The studio said that was impossible, you can't do that. You have to tell one story, then the next story, and the next story.
Well, now, all television is done that way, I mean, almost every television show has got that style. But at the time, it was extremely controversial. And one of the reasons a lot of studios wouldn't touch it is because I was trying to intercut these four stories.
People don't realize, with these kinds of movies … it's because they're fresh and they're different and they're experimental that, I think, people still like to watch them. Now, the whole industry sort of moves in that direction and they become the standard, but people forget that at the time those movies were made, especially American Graffiti, it was a very avant garde movie.
Gerrold's complaint about Empire Strikes Back's structure mirrors the studios who passed on American Graffiti:
Why not stay with Han and Leia until they leave the asteroid and head for the Bespin system, then cut to Luke arriving at Dagobah and stay with him until he leaves?
Changes the pace? Yes, it slows it down. It also suggests some scale of distance between these places. (Crosscutting also implies simultaneity — a concept which most modern physicists say is impossible, especially on an astronomical scale. Sorry.)
Film is a medium that continues to evolve, so who knows, maybe one day the pacing of The Last Jedi won't seem as odd to people. Maybe the answers given in later films will be satisfying enough that people no longer question them.
Will The Last Jedi ever considered the best Star Wars movie, even better than Empire Strikes Back? I'm not so sure about that. But we'll see.
As for Gerrold's review, fans of course responded with a mix of praise and vitriol, just as you'd expect from the pre-internet internet. The more things change…
A 44-year-old man in Belgium chose to end his life via euthanasia on Monday after a series of failed gender reassignment surgeries. “I was the girl no one wanted,” Nathan Verhelst told the Flemish newspaper Het Laatste Nieuws, mere hours before his death.
Verhelst, who was born female, told the paper's reporters he grew up in an unloving family, feeling like a boy trapped in a girl's body. He finally started hormone therapy in 2009 and underwent several reassignment surgeries in 2012. While doctors did not publicly share the specifics of the surgeries, Verhelst told Het Laatste Nieuws that after the procedures, he felt like a monster. “I was ready to celebrate my new birth. But when I looked in the mirror, I was disgusted with myself,” he told the newspaper. “My new breasts did not match my expectations and my penis had symptoms of rejection.”
Verhelst applied for euthanasia several months ago and finally died on Monday in a Brussels hospital. His request was approved based on a 2002 law that makes Belgium one of only three countries in the world that have legalized euthanasia, along with Luxembourg and the Netherlands.
According to the latest report by the Belgian Evaluation Commission for Euthanasia, released in May 2012, more than 2,000 of the country's citizens opted for euthanasia in 2010 and 2011, accounting for 1 percent of deaths in the country.
Evelien Delbeke, a visiting professor at the University of Antwerp, told The Huffington Post that individuals approved for the procedure must meet strict criteria. “It's not like people in Belgium can just be killed without protection. Our legislation is pretty strict,” she said in Dutch. “A strict set of conditions needs to be met and several doctors are involved in each case.”
Delbeke explained that in order to file a request, applicants need to be of age, mentally competent and suffering from an incurable condition that causes continuous and unbearable suffering. The disease can be physical as well as psychological.
Applicants must go through several consultations with their doctor to ensure that the request is not an impulsive decision, and at least a month must pass between the application and the procedure. The doctor needs to consult with a second independent physician. In cases without a physical disease, a third doctor has to be consulted as well.
Usually, doctors inject patients with a lethal dose through an IV. They lose consciousness within a couple of seconds, then become comatose and die quietly within five minutes.
Separately, Belgians can also sign an advance directive that allows a doctor to administer euthanasia in case they end up in an irreversible coma. Not all Belgian hospitals agree to euthanasia requests, and doctors are not legally required to administer applications.
“The law is about giving people the final choice in how they envision a dignified end of life,” said Hannie Van den Bilcke, a consultant at Huis Van De Mens, a humanist organization.
“I want to emphasize ‘dignified,'” she added. “Any person can make the decision to end his or her life, but this law guarantees that it can happen in a dignified way, if you want to.”
The majority of applicants in 2010 and 2011 were between 60 and 79 years old, and more than 75 percent suffered from a severe form of cancer, according to the Belgian Evaluation Commission for Euthanasia.
The commission's 2012 report shows that non-terminally ill patients, like Verhelst, account for less than 10 percent of cases.
While extremely rare, Delbeke does welcome the option for these cases. “Psychological suffering is often underestimated,” she said. “People often consider the cases of terminally ill patients or patients who are suffering physically ‘worse' than those of psychiatric patients whose suffering may continue for years. But does that mean that patients who don't have a physical condition or patients with a very serious physical condition but who aren't terminally ill have to go through an entire disease process and see themselves regress?”
Eddy and Marc Verbessem, Belgian twins who had been born deaf and had spent most of their lives together, relied on that aspect of the Belgian law when they chose to die through euthanasia in January 2013. The 45-year-old brothers suffered from an incurable disease and were slowly losing their sight in addition to their hearing.
"Many will wonder why my brothers have opted for euthanasia because there are plenty of deaf and blind that have a 'normal' life," Dirk Verbessem, their older sibling, told The Telegraph at the time. "But my brothers trudged from one disease to another. They were really worn out."
Euthanasia is illegal in the U.S. Some states, such as Washington, Oregon, Montana and Vermont, do allow for physician assisted suicide, in which doctors provide terminally ill patients with the means to end their own life but do not administer the lethal dose. Physician assisted suicide is not available for non-terminally ill patients.
Since Belgium adopted the law in 2002, reports indicate that the number of requests has risen each year. One of the country's most famous authors, Hugo Claus, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease, died by euthanasia in 2008.
Lawmakers in the country are currently looking into expanding the legislation to include minors, with written approval of their parents or legal guardian. The proposal is controversial, with opponents questioning children's ability to make such a hefty decision.
Van den Bilcke notes that the number of children that would qualify for euthanasia would be extremely low, given that they would have to have a terminal condition that causes them unbearable physical or psychological suffering. She wonders, then, why terminally-ill children who sometimes have been fighting for years should be forced to continue a futile battle.
“Not a single parent will consent to euthanasia without the feeling that this is the final step,” she said. “What parent gives up on his child?”
Warning: Graphic content
After being captured by ISIS, a group of young girls were forced to stand against a wall while men groped their chests.
“If she had breasts, then she was OK to rape,” said a Yazidi survivor recounting the experience. “If she did not have breasts, they kept her there for another three months and came back to see if she had grown in the meantime; whether she was good for raping then.”
The young woman revealed how she was forced to watch other girls being raped in front of her, before becoming pregnant and trying to throw herself down the stairs to force a miscarriage.
“Even women who had three or more children were raped in front of their children,” she told the UK government in 2015. “There are thousands of other girls right at this moment, in Iraq, in Syria, going through the same thing or about to go through the same thing. Nobody is talking about them and nobody is doing anything.”
The harrowing experience forms part of a new report by the Henry Jackson Society's Nikita Malik, looking at how sex slavery has become a lucrative and critical trade for terrorist groups like ISIS, Boko Haram and Al-Shabaab in recent years.
“Trafficking Terror, How Modern Slavery and Sexual Violence Fund Terrorism,” reveals how sex slavery has fueled a thriving marketplace for terror groups through ransom payments.
In the past year, ISIS earned between $12 million and $38 million in revenue from the disturbing trade, which also helps to cement bonds between fighters and is used as both a reward and punishment.
“Terrorists use sexual violence, including rape, sexual slavery, and forced marriage, to bolster recruits, galvanize fighters, and, in the case of Islamist groups, punish kuffar (disbelievers),” Malik writes.
“Propaganda on sexual slavery serves as an incentive for new recruits and foreign fighters, with the promise of wives and sex slaves acting as a ‘pull factor.'”
“Religious elements are infused into sexual violence practices to skirt around the moral wrongdoing of rape. Forced inseminations, forced pregnancies, and forced conversions are a means to secure ‘the next generation of jihadists.'”
The comprehensive report shines a light on an underreported trade that occupies a murky area between sexual violence, terrorism and trafficking and can be complicated by the fact that those involved can be both perpetrators and victims.
ISIS' treatment of sex slaves is well defined within the terror group with a special department and 27-page document setting out “rules” for their treatment.
Fighters' wages can be based on the number of children and women they “own,” with women reporting being bought, sold and raped by multiple men until they were forced to run away.
Malik's research found the fact that such groups have gained a foothold in deeply conservative and unstable societies has helped make the promise of having a sex slave attractive to young men.
Meanwhile, local laws in Syria, Nigeria, Libya and Iraq mean women are exposed to a “triple vulnerability” from sexual violence, trafficking and terror that leaves them without protection under international law.
“We're speaking about national laws where marital rape is not recognized as rape. Where to this day rapists are let off the hook if they marry their victims,” Malik said, adding it also raises the question of what happens to the children born into terror groups.
“Now that these groups are losing their territory, these children have no documentation, besides the documentation that has been given to them by Islamic State — their birth certificates. These are not legitimate documents because it's not a legitimate state. The governments of Iraq and Syria have not been very forthcoming about how they're going to deal with this issue.”
Around 5,000 Yazidi women are estimated to have been sold into slavery by ISIS, while at least 2,000 have been taken by Boko Haram, including the famous abduction of 276 Chibok girls.
Malik wants to have sexual violence prosecuted as a tactic of terrorism and an international task force established on the subject. UK politician Yvette Cooper said it's vital that the links between sexual violence and terror are understood.
“ISIL, Boko Haram and other evil groups are increasingly seeing human trafficking as a possible revenue stream — and we know that terrorists use sexual violence as one of the weapons they use to divide and create fear within communities. It is important this is recognized in the interpretation of terror in our current laws,” she said.
The 2015 Fiat 500 Abarth Cabrio is a fun little car that's perfect for cruisin' the streets with your friends. The 6-speed automatic has 157 horsepower with 183 lb-ft of torque, so it's no slouch, but how will the 500 Abarth do fully loaded with four passengers? Only one way to find out.
While at the Chrysler Proving Grounds, the guys packed into the Fiat 500 and took it for a spin on the high-speed track. It looks like a heck of a lot of a fun, and when really put to the test with a 0-60 time, the little Abarth Cabrio proves its mettle.
Can you really put four adults in there and still have fun behind the wheel of the 2015 Fiat 500 Abarth Cabrio? Watch the video and find out!
Nicole Wakelin fell in love with cars as a teenager when she got to go for a ride in a Ferrari. It was red and it was fast and that was all that mattered. Game over. She considers things a bit more carefully now, but still has a weakness for fast, beautiful cars. Nicole is a member of the New England Motor Press Association and also writes for Automotive IT News, NerdApproved, and GeekMom. You can find her on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+.
"The State of Texas is funding … women's health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years."
At a Texas Capitol rally, an anti-abortion advocate suggested Texas has hit a record pace in funding women's health.
Video of the July 2015 rally shows Joe Pojman of the Texas Alliance for Life initially saluting Republican leaders for launching investigations in reaction to stealth videos showing Planned Parenthood employees talking rather casually about donations of fetal tissue. The videos had been circulated by the California-based Center for Medical Progress, which describes itself as a group of citizen-journalists dedicated to monitoring and reporting on medical ethics.
Next, Pojman told the crowd, to cheers and applause: "I just wanted to emphasize, the state of Texas is doing its part... The state of Texas is funding … women's health services at historically high levels; they just increased that level another $50 million for the next two years." Pojman noted that none of the $50 million would go to Planned Parenthood. "Texas takes care of our people and Planned Parenthood is not part of that picture," he said.
Legislative cuts and changes, 2011-2013
Pojman's declaration caught our attention in part because actions set in motion by the 2011 Legislature drove down family planning spending in the state budget by more than $70 million (from an existing two-year expenditure of $111 million) in 2012-13. Also in 2011, lawmakers voted to bar state family planning aid from going to health care providers affiliated with organizations that perform or promote abortions such as Planned Parenthood, whose clinics had been the Texas program's biggest provider of contraceptive care and cancer screening, serving more than 40,000 women a year.
Two years later, the state's ruling Republicans passed into law a bar on most abortions after 20 weeks of gestation and mandated facilities providing abortions meet tougher health and safety standards, a move under court challenge that has caused providers to predict a substantial reduction in clinics statewide.
After the 2011 actions, the federal government moved to cut off what had been a 9-to-1 match of federal to state dollars paying to provide contraceptive care for women who otherwise would qualify for Medicaid if they were to become pregnant. State health officials said the affected initiative, launched in 2005, had saved the state money—$21.4 million in 2008, for instance—by reducing Medicaid-financed births. Federal aid accounted for $65 million of the money spent on the program in 2010-11.
Reacting to the pending cutoff, then-Gov. Rick Perry announced state officials would assure such services were delivered through clinics not affiliated with abortion providers. The promised transition fully played out starting in 2013.
So, given all this, could it be the state has set a record for expenditures on women's health?
Pojman's backup cites state budgets
We asked Pojman, executive director of the alliance, which says it opposes the advocacy and practice of abortion (except to preserve the pregnant woman's life), how he reached his "historically high" conclusion.
By email, Pojman responded with a chart, which he sourced to state budgets, indicating that nearly $285 million in state and federal funds budgeted by the 2015 Legislature for several women's health efforts in 2016-17 would exceed such spending in each of the nine previous two-year state budgets, dating to 1998-99—with the previous record being $240.1 million for such programs in 2014-15. The previous low, per the chart, was $128.8 million in 2012-13.
Pojman's chart attributed the touted $50 million in fresh spending to a provision in the 2016-17 budget stating the money should "increase access to women's health and family planning services."
In his email, Pojman told us that at the rally, he was referring to total legislatively appropriated state and federal funding, not per-person funding, on four programs providing family planning or female-specific health care such as breast and cervical cancer screenings. Conversely, he said, he wasn't including funding for perinatal care, including childbirth. "Planned Parenthood," he said, "provides virtually no services for pregnant women, certainly not support for childbirth, except elective abortion."
Four state-overseen efforts
In his email, Pojman said a February 2014 Texas Health and Human Services Commission presentation amounted to a good summary of how the state spends money on women's health. From that, we pulled these thumbnails:
The Texas Women's Health Program was put in place by the state starting in 2013 to provide services previously available through the defunct, federally supported Medicaid Women's Health Program. The successor program, serving women living at or below 185 percent of the federal poverty level, "retains the same program objectives and client eligibility previously provided by WHP and has expanded program benefits to include treatment of certain sexually transmitted infections." Services offered in annual appointments include pelvic examinations and STD, diabetes, HIV, cholesterol, blood pressure and breast and cervical cancer screenings plus Pap tests, a clinical breast exam, contraceptives and family planning counseling.
Family planning services, available to women of childbearing age and men living at 250 percent of the poverty level or less, offering the tests offered in the women's health program plus sterilizations.
Expanded Primary Health Care, a new program, offered to women 18 and older living at or below 200 percent of the poverty level, covering the services offered in the other programs plus immunizations, mammograms, diagnostic services for women with abnormal breast or cervical cancer test results, cervical dysplasia treatment, individualized case management and option prenatal medical and dental services.
Breast and Cervical Cancer Services, open to women living at or below 200 percent of the poverty level, with breast screenings for women aged 50 to 64 and cervical screenings for women aged 21 to 64. In addition to services covered by the Expanded Primary Health Care program, BCCS assists clients needing to apply to Medicaid's Breast and Cervical Cancer program.
In addition, a chart in the presentation included spending figures that mostly aligned with what Pojman had offered to us for fiscal 2010 through 2015--including the legislated decrease in 2012-13 and a rebound in spending budgeted for 2014-15 (which ran through August 2015):
SOURCE: "Presentation to Senate Committee on Health and Human Services: Texas Women's Health and Family Planning Programs," Feb. 20, 2014 (received by email from Joe Pojman, Aug. 6, 2015)
Other analyses support claim
Next, we asked the commission and outside experts about Pojman's rally statement.
The consensus was that spending budgeted by lawmakers for 2016-17 would set a record, though some advocates cautioned this didn't mean all needs would be met and others said that not all the described programs focus only on services typically provided by family planning clinics.
To our inquiry, the Texas Health and Human Services Commission emailed a more detailed chart basically lining up with Pojman's recap. From the commission's figures, it looked to us like the appropriated 2016-17 funds for women's health services exceeded previous two-year expenditures by $40 million or more.
At the the Austin-based Center for Public Policy Priorities, which advocates for programs serving low-income residents, analyst Stacey Pogue said Pojman was on solid ground, though it's complicated. For instance, Pogue said, the 2015 Legislature called for three women's health programs to be reorganized in 2016 into two offerings overseen by the commission and precise spending results remain to be seen.
By email, Pogue pointed out a two-page summary of the 2016-17 state budget prepared by the Texas Women's Healthcare Coalition, which says it promotes access to preventive health care for all Texas women "working toward the vision of a state where every woman has access to the preventive and preconception care that will help her stay healthy and prepare for healthy, planned pregnancies." According to this June 2015 summary, $260.9 million in spending on women's health care budgeted by lawmakers for 2016-17 reflected an increase of $46.5 million, or 22 percent, from what was budgeted for 2014-15.
We confirmed the latest figures in the 2016-17 appropriations act approved by a Texas House-Senate conference committee; it shows $130,321,510 in budgeted spending on women's health services in the fiscal year beginning Sept. 1, 2015, and $130,548,682 for the subsequent year, totaling $260,870,192 in the biennium.
As noted by Pojman, the act also says that each year, on approval of the budget board, the commission shall allocate $50 million "providing primary health care services to women" including but not limited to preventive "health screenings such as breast and cervical cancer screenings, diabetes, cholesterol, hypertension and STD-HIV screenings; family planning services including contraception; perinatal services; and dental services." Due to such spending, the act estimates that annually, 65,000 adults and adolescents would receive family planning services.
It's that additional spending, the coalition summary indicates, that makes the budgeted spending higher despite legislated reductions in spending for family planning (a cut of $1.5 million, or nearly 4 percent) and the Texas Women's Health program (a cut of $2 million, or 3 percent).
Alabama analyst
Also to our inquiry, Heather Busby of NARAL Pro-Choice Texas, which says it focuses on guaranteeing Texans the right to make personal reproductive health decisions including contraception and safe abortions, suggested we query Kari White, a University of Alabama at Birmingham professor and expert on women's health issues whoare been part of a Texas-based team studying effects of the Texas decision barring aid to clinics affiliated with abortion providers.
By phone and email, White agreed the state has allocated what looks like a record level of money to the efforts singled out by Pojman though she speculated by email the spending bump might be less dramatic than available figures suggest. "The focus on funding allocated for the four programs on Pojman's list," White said, "does not entirely capture how some of the women's health services historically have been paid for. For example, primary care services for women that are now covered by EPHC were previously paid for using other state-administered and federal programs (not included on Pojman's list). By not factoring these programs into funding totals in previous years, the recent increase may seem larger than it actually is."
Spending per woman
"Also," White wrote, "funding allocations do not reflect how effectively these programs are serving women. In other words, there may be more total dollars set aside for services, but since quite a bit of this new funding has been going to organizations that do not have a lot of experience with family planning, the state is spending more but not necessarily serving more women."
White suggested we consider research by the Guttmacher Institute, a nonprofit that promotes reproductive health and abortion rights. In 2013, more than 1.7 million Texas women "were in need of publicly supported contraceptive services and supplies," according to a July 2015 institute report that started from U.S. Census Bureau survey results. That year, the report said, publicly supported health centers provided contraceptive care to 281,170 women in Texas plus 47,390 teens. "These totals amount to substantial proportions–but not nearly all–of the women in need of publicly supported contraception," the report said.
For our part, we asked the commission for help estimating the number of Texas women eligible for the health services. Could it be that even with spending up, less money is available per potential beneficiary?
By email, spokesman Bryan Black provided a chart, drawing on U.S. Census Bureau surveys, estimating the number of female U.S. citizens aged 15-44 living in Texas at or below 200 percent of the federal poverty level from 2010 through 2017--in other words, the women who most likely would qualify for the health services. Next, we calculated that some $109 per potential beneficiary was spent in 2010-11 and 2012-13; this was exceeded by the $205 per potential beneficiary appropriated by lawmakers for such programs in 2014-15 and the $236 per potential beneficiary appropriated for 2016-17.
Our ruling
Pojman said the state of Texas "is funding … women's health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years."
Texas lawmakers this year voted to appropriate more for women's health services than before--including the $50 million bump.
This includes funding for general health services such as diabetes and cholesterol screenings. It also may be meaningful that programs are under reorganization. Too, lawmakers started putting more money on the table after their actions led the federal government to cut off tens of millions of dollars for reproductive services.
We rate this claim True.
TRUE – The statement is accurate and there's nothing significant missing.
Click here for more on the six PolitiFact ratings and how we select facts to check.
Nintendo's Next Console Might Not Have Disc Drive By Ryan Winslett Random Article Blend
This is all of course rumor and speculation at this point, though Nintendo did file some very real patents that appear to be for the publisher's next major console, the Nintendo NX. Leave it to Neogaf users to sniff out all of the details,
Said device features all of the standard inner workings of a console, including an internal HDD for game programs and game data, a memory card slot that appears to be at the back of the unit, a communication unit for connecting to the internet, a port for an external HDD, a wireless communication unit and even a controller.
All of these features are currently boxes with arrows showing how they connect, but you get the idea. Also, the Nintendo patent is for a “Stationary Game Apparatus” so, yeah, it looks like we're looking at a bare-bones version of
The only other major standout from the lengthy patent is that the controller features a display unit. Does that mean we could be looking at a remodeled version of the Wii U controller, or perhaps something a little more subtle this time around?
You can, of course, take an afternoon and pick over all the fine details of the patent but, it's like they say, a picture is worth a thousand words. Pretty much everything you can read in the published documents is readily available to you in the pictures themselves. Here's one of the more simplified versions:
So, is this our first look at the NX? Nintendo has always been known for going in bold new directions, so I guess it makes sense that they would be the first major console developer to ditch discs. Assuming there's nothing fiddly about that external HDD hook-up, you could theoretically pay a couple hundred bucks for a massive block of memory and download games for the life of the console. Or, is it possible that Nintendo is going to have an emphasis on game streaming? They've never been too sharp in the online department, though, so I doubt that one's as likely.
Either way, disc or no disc, this could be great news for current Nintendo console owners. Imagine if all of your current Wii U games were playable on the NX right out of the box. Would that mean that more recent titles like
There are obviously still a Some new details may have surfaced in regards to Nintendo's next console and, according to recently filed patents, it looks like the gaming machine will be sans a disc drive.This is all of course rumor and speculation at this point, though Nintendo did file some very real patents that appear to be for the publisher's next major console, the Nintendo NX. Leave it to Neogaf users to sniff out all of the details, posting copies of the patent that show the basic structure of a new device that could just about only be a new game console.Said device features all of the standard inner workings of a console, including an internal HDD for game programs and game data, a memory card slot that appears to be at the back of the unit, a communication unit for connecting to the internet, a port for an external HDD, a wireless communication unit and even a controller.All of these features are currently boxes with arrows showing how they connect, but you get the idea. Also, the Nintendo patent is for a “Stationary Game Apparatus” so, yeah, it looks like we're looking at a bare-bones version of the NX here. While filed back on Feb. 10, the patent was not published until two days ago, Aug. 20.The only other major standout from the lengthy patent is that the controller features a display unit. Does that mean we could be looking at a remodeled version of the Wii U controller, or perhaps something a little more subtle this time around?You can, of course, take an afternoon and pick over all the fine details of the patent but, it's like they say, a picture is worth a thousand words. Pretty much everything you can read in the published documents is readily available to you in the pictures themselves. Here's one of the more simplified versions:So, is this our first look at the NX? Nintendo has always been known for going in bold new directions, so I guess it makes sense that they would be the first major console developer to ditch discs. Assuming there's nothing fiddly about that external HDD hook-up, you could theoretically pay a couple hundred bucks for a massive block of memory and download games for the life of the console. Or, is it possible that Nintendo is going to have an emphasis on game streaming? They've never been too sharp in the online department, though, so I doubt that one's as likely.Either way, disc or no disc, this could be great news for current Nintendo console owners. Imagine if all of your current Wii U games were playable on the NX right out of the box. Would that mean that more recent titles like Splatoon and the upcoming Mario Maker will have an extended lifespan. Can we look forward to someday downloading that next big Zelda game?There are obviously still a lot of questions surrounding the Nintendo NX , but maybe this recent patent has finally given us a glimpse at some answers. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Leswing:And by this point, you've worked six hours.
Zeng: After two more hours — and about eight hours total — working, then it depends on whether you need to do overtime or not.
If you don't need to, you're off. Everybody is off.
But generally, if you need to do overtime, it depends on if it's Monday to Thursday or it's Friday.
Friday, only work two hours overtime. Monday to Thursday is 2.5 hours overtime work.
And then you do one whole day, eight hours, on Saturday also.
So total, the time workers spent in the factory is 12 hours, generally including the breaking times and lunchtime.
Leswing: Does that also include you waiting in line to go through a metal detector and that kind of stuff?
Zeng: Doesn't include. If you included those, you should include 30 minutes more.
Leswing: All right. So you're done. It's 7:30 in the morning. What do you do?
Zeng: I would generally go have another meal afterward. Then you take the shuttle bus, go back to your dorm, take a shower — if you're lucky, there is hot water. Sometimes there's no hot water or there's no water at all.
After a shower ... people either go to internet cafe, play video games, watch videos, something like that, or you lay down, watch videos on your phone.
Leswing: Pretty much everyone has a phone?
Zeng: You have a phone. The dorms provide Wi-Fi. But to access the Wi-Fi, you need to do something. You need to either download some apps for them or click something — comments or something — to earn some virtual coins.
You use the coins to get on the Wi-Fi. Twenty-four hours are 20 coins. And then downloading apps sometimes are like 20 to 30 coins or something. So is it you can buy coins — like I remember it's like 100 coins about 5 yuan, something like that. But a lot of people just keep downloading. It's like a business. You need to do that to get access to Wi-Fi.
In that same platform that you earn coins, there are free videos still available. So I think there's something good, that workers can watch videos for free.
I would like to go to bed about 10. You don't have a lot of time. You get very tired. And then most you can watch is one movie and then you really need to go to bed. And then the other day, you wake up at 6:30 again. And that's just a routine.
Leswing: Did you have any friends?
Zeng: I made friends with my roommates and also my coworkers on the same assembly line, but it's like the station around me, so we're sitting together. So those are very good friends.
And I also made some friends at the first couple of days, when we do some training. But during the training, you are together. Later, you get distributed.
Leswing: Your dorm roommates aren't going to be the same people.
Zeng: No, we don't work on the same assembly or nearby, and sometimes we work on different shifts. So sometimes I never see my roommates for a month because we are on a different shift, and they shift it every month.
Leswing: Do you know anyone there with a family?
Zeng: Yeah, they are with their girlfriends or their wives.
Sometimes they rent an apartment outside the campus. You can choose to do that, but it's very pricey. But if you have to, that's the only way. There are no dorm rooms there for a couple.
Leswing: So when you were on the assembly line with you with your mates, what did you talk about?
Zeng: That's where I find that the stereotypes about workers is not right. I had thought they [would be] uneducated. Wrong. They are talking about a lot of things. They talk about the China-US relationship, foreign relations in the South China Sea, because at that point there is news on that.
Most talk about movies, horror movies, and then sometimes they talk about their lives. They need to support their families back in the rural area. They want to send their kids to do some dancing classes. So it's like being a parent kind of thing. And sometimes entertainment news, celebrities, all the things that young people talk about. And they know other things, they even talk about American history sometimes.
Leswing: Did your coworkers like their jobs?
Zeng: So I would say we don't like it and we don't hate it.
We just consider it a job that can give us money. Nobody enjoys the process, because the purpose of getting to work is waiting to get out.
The only thing that we're thinking about is really money, money, money. I need to get some money from my family, I need to support my life, support my kids.
That's the only thing in their mind. Sometimes they don't even care how tired they are.
Some workers have worked at different factories and think Pegatron has stricter management. You can't use your phone in their factory. You can't listen to music. Sometimes there are people walking around that don't allow you to talk too loud.
So some workers have a comparison and think Pegatron has stricter controls. That's something that gets them annoyed.
Leswing: Is it a respected job? Is it a job that people go, "Oh, that's a decent way to earn a living"?
Zeng: I don't think so. People working the factories are also working on becoming a security guard, deliveryman, housekeeper. So it's the same kind of level of position. You don't see it as better.
I think the only way to look at the factory job is that you really keep people from being homeless. Because you need no skills, you just get into the factories. They don't even ask you any questions. During the interview, you can just get in that day. And then they take care of your meals and your dorm.
So it's like if you really have nowhere to go, if you're in the city alone and have no relatives to support you, go to the factory. You might earn some money, a little bit, and then gradually you can get your life together.
Leswing: Did anyone see it as a career?
Zeng: I don't think people really see it as a career.
The turnover rate is very high. It's very normal for workers to leave after two weeks or a month. Some workers get there and if they don't like it, they quit very quick.
But some people can stick there longer. And after one year, you can get promoted to become the line manager.
There are different structures. At the lowest level, you're an operator, and then you get into to multitask worker [position]. The third level is group leader, and then it's line manager. Then above is section manager, and then there's the division manager, and then there is the factory director.
There are workers that can really move up this chain. But we think that, at most, you can become a line manager.
But there are people who could get promoted by that chain, but not a lot of people can sustain that kind of life for that long time.
And then the pattern of Chinese migrant workers is that they go out to the city and do jobs for a year, and then they quit, then they go back home to stay one month for a new year or something like that, and then go out or find another job.
Leswing: Did your coworkers use Apple products?
Zeng: Some workers have iPhones, but not very many because of the monthly wage.
If they are affordable for workers, then they will buy Apple. But they are saying, "I really want that?" Can they save two months' wages to get an iPhone? They won't do that. The phones they generally use are Chinese productions like Oppo or something like that.
Leswing: Do the people working there at Pegatron know they're assembling Apple products?
Zeng: They know. We all know that we are assembling Apple products. We even know "this is the iPhone 6" or "this is the iPhone 7 that's coming out." Everybody knows.
Leswing: So what did you know when production switched from the iPhone 6 to the iPhone 7? Did people know that this was an unreleased product? Was there additional security around it?
Zeng: The controls gets more strict. They increased the sensitivity of the metal detectors.
So you know some girls, they have bras? And so they couldn't pass the door because they had the metal in the bra. And so a lot of the girls had to change all of the sudden that day because they increased the sensitivity.
And then you passed two security checks. There are a lot of security checks.
Here's how it works: Our factory, when we got to working, they are already assembling the infrastructure of the assembly line. They have this curtain circling it so you can't even see how the infrastructure is, right?
We were working at the same workshop, but there are people doing construction there.
And then after they've finished construction and need to move people in, we were moved out and working in another building of the factories. And then they prepare everything, and everybody moved back in.
And then producing iPhone 7 — at that point it was a trial production. That kind of experience is totally different from when we produced iPhone 6S because that's a whole day, and I consider it as torture.
Because one day for 12 hours, you only produce five phones. You sit there and have nothing to do, waiting for two hours. Sometimes they don't allow you to speak. You just sit there quietly and have nothing to do, and wait until the next phone comes in. You're trying to assemble it, and then you put it back and you wait for another few hours for the next one to come in.
When we were producing the iPhone 7, they have Apple staff there every single day to monitor the process. Because it's a new product, they want to see if there are new problems.
The management of the factory becomes very, very careful. It needs to be very, very clean. All the case-holders need to be in the exact position of where they should be. The process changed a lot because it used to be just an assembly line. They made it a clean room — like they want to keep the dust out.
So every time you get in, you need to have a roller to clean all the dust, and then you get it, and all of these procedures, you need to do that. Management is very careful, constantly walking around. You're not allowed to talk or sleep.
When you don't talk and are just sitting there for a couple of hours, you get sleepy. I was falling asleep three times one day, and every time when to multitask workers, the assistants of the line manager, would walk out and would spot me sleeping, they would say, "No, no, no," and wake me up. The third time he caught me sleeping, he said, "You, stand up." And so I was standing next to the assembly line, not even allowed to sit.
Leswing: Were you doing the same screw for the iPhone 7?
Zeng: No. At the later part of producing the iPhone 6S, I was switched to another station called camera cowling. So they have a protector on top of the camera, and I need to have the cowling fastened. It also was putting in two screws so the camera would be where it is.
Leswing: Cowling. That is a word I've never heard before!
Zeng: There are a lot of terms. There are a lot of terms.
Leswing: Do the factory workers — they obviously work for Pegatron — but do they think they work for Apple at some level?
Zeng: They definitely know they are producing Apple products and consider themselves a part of that process.
A big problem that I often have while DMing is describing the rooms in which my player's encounter with too much detail. This often leads to my player's investigating things which have no significance. While this can sometimes lead down an interesting rabbit hole. Often the player's think that a minor detail in the scene will lead to something far more interesting. This brings us to a rule in drama called Chekhov's Gun.
Chekhov's gun states:
“Every element in a story must be necessary, and irrelevant elements should be removed; elements should no appear to make “false promises”” by never coming into play.”
Most of the people you will be playing with have a good idea of what a tavern, general store, etc. looks like. While one can point out interesting features that make these places unique and memorable to the player's, it's wise to exercise caution. Players may think that every item you describe has larger implications in the future of your campaign. These instances often don't come up that often, and when they do can help add to your story.
The most common issue with including too much detail in a room happens in dungeons. Players are used to thinking that there may be a secret door or a hidden puzzle in each room. My players often spend a lot of time investigating these described items. This could just be a observation on the way I make dungeons and how I often include hidden puzzles. However, whenever one introduces an item which does not lead to anything they may feel disappointed. They may feel as though one has made an aforementioned “false promise.”
Overall this series is going to be me commenting on mistakes that I make as a DM, and ways that I plan on improving. I hope that it can help others improve at the same rate!
Kim Yang Gon, director of North Korea's United Front Department, has died in a road accident, North Korean state media outlet the Korea Central News Agency (KCNA) reported on Wednesday morning.
“Kim Yang Gon passed away on Juche 103 (2015) December 29 due to a road accident, ” an English translation of the KCNA material quoted by South Korean press said.
A separate news piece from KCNA said Kim would be given a state funeral, which will be held on December 31 at 8 AM.
Kim was director of the United Front Department (UFD) since 2007, the department of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea which is responsible for inter-Korean affairs, roughly the North's counterpart to Seoul's Ministry of Unification.
As director of the UFD, Kim served as Pyongyang's point-man on relations with the South, most notably participating in marathon talks at Panmunjom last August with South Korean counterparts following the landmine crisis.
Notably, Kim's death follows persistent rumors about the purge or reeducation of Choe Ryong Hae, WPK Secretary for the Workers' Organization and chairman of the State Physical Culture and Sports Guidance Commission.
Choe, who negotiated closely with Kim at August's marathon inter-Korean talks, himself last appeared in state media on October 22 and was unseen for the entire month of November, including his conspicuous absence at Ri Ul Sol's funeral.
“The big question of course now is who will assume Kim's role as point-man on the South,” said John Grisafi, NK News Director of Intelligence, about Kim's death. “His successor could just as easily come from another part of the Party or government, someone else with experience dealing with the South,” Grisafi continued.
Michael Madden, a long-time watcher of the DPRK leadership, told NK News that Kim's replacement would not likely be announced until May, when a rare party congress event is due to take place.
“I am concerned that during the interregnum that the North's policy toward ROK may be subsumed by the more hawkish elements within the DPRK's intelligence community,” warned Madden.
“(The late) Kim was not exactly a moderate, but he was a pragmatist and he was very much able to balance divergent interests in the North's national security community.
“He was also a skilled bureaucratic manager who managed to retain civilian control over the North's policymaking toward the South back in 2009 when KJI restructured the intelligence and foreign policy communities,” he continued, adding “the South has lost a reliable interlocutor and contact in Pyongyang.”
Kim was born April 24, 1942, and was 73 years old. His last appearance in state media was December 1.
Additional reporting: John Grisafi
Featured image: KCNA
Before I joined the startup world I worked in commercial banking for 7 years. The last 3 years at the bank I was thinking about joining a startup. It took me a long time to make the leap. Making the change seemed risky and scary. In hindsight that was dumb and I should have made the change sooner. Here is what I've learned:
1. Job security is not a reason to stay in a corporate job.
One of the reasons I hesitated leaving was a sense of job security that I had at the bank. Looking back now that sense of job security was BS. Once you've tasted the corporate world and its dress requirements and cubicles anything different from that world seems risky and wild. At our panel in SXSW last month, Shamir Karkal, CFO at BankSimple said, “I think more banks have failed in the past 3 years than startups.” I think he's right. The truth is that if you gain some basic necessary skills and want it bad enough there will always be a startup somewhere that needs you.
2. Startups are more fun, and you can change the world.
If you are working at a healthy startup that is disrupting something, you are likely constantly doing stuff that you have never done before. At FeeFighters, we are trying to create transparency in an industry that for 30+ years has been intentionally opaque and difficult to understand. We are making a difference and our small business customers love us. Opening customer feedback email is a joy, something that I couldn't always say in my corporate gig. Some days it can seem overwhelming, but the work itself is always way more fun than the repetitive nature of the corporate world.
3. The work you do at startup has a much bigger impact on the business itself.
If I had a huge year at the commercial bank, it had zero affect on the bank's earnings. When you do something great at an early stage startup, the effect is immediate. You can see your impact right away. Winning a new customer when the bank already has 100,000 customers seems kind of lame. Winning a new customer when you only have 5 customers is an awesome feeling. You can only get that feeling at a startup.
4. Startups are more meritocratic than the corporate world.
This may seem obvious, but It's great to actually experience it. The best idea almost always wins at a startup. There are fewer politics and red tape to get in the way. If you have a good idea and pitch it to the team at a startup, there is a great chance that it will be implemented. On the flipside, if you have a bad idea, your teammates will tell you why its bad and often come up with a better idea. Waking up everyday knowing that only the best ideas will be implemented makes you feel proud about the work your doing.
5. If you join an early stage startup, you could become very rich.
Early stage employees often get a significant amount of equity ownership. If you and your colleagues figure out how to make the business work, that equity value can grow very quickly. Granted a large exit is a long shot and a lot of startups do fail, but at least you have a shot to make it big. To build your net worth in the corporate world you often have to grind it out for decades. There is also a relatively low ceiling to how much you can make. In the startup world, there is no ceiling and it can happen way faster. Getting rich might not be what drives you everyday, but the possibility that it could happen is always fun to think about.
photo credit
ROSCOE VILLAGE — It used to be Chicago's defining area code. Now 312 has a new meaning.
On Wednesday, Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced the 312 RiverRun: three parks, connected by a single path that stretches for nearly 2 miles on the Chicago River, from Belmont to Montrose.
"It combines the Riverwalk and the 606 into something new," said Emanuel.
Elements of the 312 RiverRun have been in the planning stages for years. On Wednesday, city officials broke ground on the first phase of the path, the highly anticipated Riverview Bridge, which will, in parts, soar 18 feet above the river.
The bridge will provide pedestrians, cyclists and runners with a link between Clark Park on the east side of the river and California Park on the west.
The second component of the 312 RiverRun includes repairs to the Irving Park Road bridge and the subsequent construction of an underbridge that will unite California and Horner Parks.
The vision is for the path to create a campuslike atmosphere among the three parks, which span Roscoe Village/North Center, Avondale, Irving Park and Albany Park.
The breadth of recreational opportunities offered by the parks is "second to none," said Chicago Park District CEO and Supt. Michael Kelly, who ticked off amenities including ice rinks, tennis courts, dirt bike jumps, baseball diamonds and the WMS Boathouse rowing facility.
But accessing all of those options has been challenging for residents, with the parks cut off from each other by major roadways and the river itself, Kelly said.
With the RiverRun, people will be able to easily bike, walk or jog up and down the river between parks, he said.
The linkages will be "transformative" and another "iconic addition" to the city's infrastructure, said Rebekah Scheinfeld, Chicago Department of Transportation commissioner.
Emanuel has long touted the Chicago River as the city's second waterfront — a backyard to Lake Michigan's front yard.
"These are neighborhood investments," he said of the RiverRun. "This is for all the families who don't want to drive to the lake. Now you can run along the water in your neighborhood."
The 312 RiverRun represents a major step toward the goal of a continuous path along the entire riverfront.
Construction of the Riverview Bridge, which will be the longest pedestrian river bridge in the city, demonstrates that it's possible to overcome gaps along the waterway where there's a lack of available land, said Jim Merrell, advocacy director for the Active Transportation Alliance.
"It's a great example of creative design overcoming physical restraints," Merrell said.
Margaret Frisbie, executive director of Friends of the Chicago River, said the trail would attract new people to the river and introduce them to the waterway's magic, its potential and the need for ongoing activism.
"You're building advocates to join in the work we're doing," Frisbie said.
Work on the Riverview Bridge is expected to run through next year and possibly into 2019, Scheinfeld said.
Repairs to the Irving Park Bridge are expected to get underway in 2018, she said.
The projects are being funded with a combination of local, state and federal dollars.
CDOT Commissioner Rebekah Scheinfeld, Mayor Rahm Emanuel, State Representative Jaime Andrade and Chicago Park District CEO and Superintendent Michael Kelly break ground on the Riverview Bridge. Andrade and Kelly recalled a time when UPS had designs on the land that's now Clark Park. Thanks to funds from Openlands, the acreage was purchased for the Park District, making the 312 RiverRun possible decades later. [DNAinfo/Patty Wetli]
The height of the Riverview Bridge will allow recreational paddling to continue on the waterway below. [Chicago Department of Transportation]
RELATED: New North Branch Trail Segment Will Soar Over the Chicago River
RELATED: The Cool Bike Path That Will Soar Over the River Has a Name and Start Date
RELATED: Irving Park Bridge Turns 100: Its B-Day Gift Is a Facelift & Bike Path
RELATED: Riverfront Bike Path Gets Much-Needed Quarter-Acre Donation From Neighbors
Comcast says it's begun offering gigabit internet service in the Chicago metropolitan area as part of a multi-city trial period. This follows the telecom's ongoing gigabit tests in Atlanta and Nashville, which both started earlier this year. Comcast is delivering the 1Gbps speeds by relying on DOCSIS 3.1, a new modem standard for transmitting data through traditional coaxial cable lines that is in some situations even faster than fiber optic cables. This means Comcast doesn't need to lay down new wires or rework any other aspects of its existing infrastructure.
Unfortunately, the service is quite expensive. It will cost $140 a month without a contract, and that's excluding additional taxes and fees. In Atlanta and Nashville, where competition for fiber internet is higher, Comcast offers its gigabit service for $70 a month so long as you lock into a three-year contract. No such contract option exists for Chicago customers.
Comcast is charging customers in Chicago twice as much as those in Atlanta and Nashville
However, Comcast told The Consumerist, "As these are advanced consumer trials, we are testing different prices and promotions in different markets." Still, it's all about competition. Atlanta is slated to get AT&T's gigabit internet services, while Nashville already has Google Fiber. So Comcast likely sees its three-year promotion in those cities as a way to retain customers. AT&T offers its gigabit service in Chicago already for just $90 a month. So Comcast may be just testing the waters there briefly before it feels the need to lower its rates.
Alex also out but Nicolas Anelka returns
Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard has been ruled out for a further two to three weeks after withdrawing from Thursday's training session with a new muscle injury.
The England international was on course to return in the club's game against Sunderland this Sunday, but manager Carlo Ancelotti has revealed the midfielder will not play after injuring an abductor muscle near the end of training.
Ancelotti had been hoping Lampard could fill the gap left by Michael Essien - who is suspended for Sunday's game.
Lampard has been out of action with hernia and tendon problems since the end of August but had recently begun training with the first-team squad. Ancelotti was confident that he would be fit enough to play against Sunderland.
The 32-year-old setback is an added blow to the club, who are also without central defender Alex who is sidelined with a knee problem.
The Italian did have some good news for fans, revealing that striker Nicolas Anelka will return after missing the victory over Fulham with a back problem.
Child who wet himself in fear will not have permanent black mark on record
Steve Watson
Infowars.com
July 1, 2013
A Maryland kindergartner who wet himself with fear while being interrogated over a toy gun back in June has had a suspension reversed, with the incident being struck from the record after the child's family hired a lawyer and fought school officials on the matter.
As we reported at the time, the five-year-old from Dowell Elementary School in Lusby, Maryland was questioned alone by school officials for over two hours after he showed a friend his cowboy-style cap gun on the way to school.
Officials finally called the boy's mother in when he wet his pants. The school principal even stated that had the gun been “loaded” with caps, then it would have been “deemed an explosive and police would have been called in.”
The Washington Post reports that officials wrote to the boy's family last week to inform them that the 10 day suspension will be reversed “in its entirety”.
The letter, sent to the family's attorney, says school officials reviewed the record, “carefully considering both the needs of the student and those of the school system.”
The school had previously refused to remove the incident from the boy's school record, stating that it should remain on the permanent record because other children had been traumatized by the incident.
After repeated efforts by the attorney Robin Ficker, the school finally relented and agreed to rescind the punishment and the mark on the boy's record. The mother, who refused to back down on the case, stated “I'm just glad they finally decided to make right what they had done so wrong.”
“We need to talk about having common sense when it comes to talking about school safety. We need not overreact on young children and terrorize them… “He was a normal, typical 5-year-old who had a toy.” the mother added.
Ficker, who was also the attorney involved in the infamous Hello Kitty bubble gun incident back in January, filed a detailed and lengthy report that alleged teachers bribed other students with a school currency called “Husky Bucks” to provide “statements” about the incident. The statements were then written by the principal, and were not sent to the boy's family.
Ficker's report also made note of the fact that both the boy and his sister were questioned in an “intimidating manner at length.” Ficker also made the point that five-year-old's often do not have the understanding grasping the gravity of student conduct codes.
“It is common for kindergartners to play Cowboys and Indians, Cops and Robbers or to bring things to Show and Tell,” the appeal said. “In any case, telling a little 5 year old something once or twice, is often not enough.”
The reversal of the suspension comes at the same time as the dismissal of criminal charges against 14-year-old Jared Marcum who refused to stop wearing a gun rights T-shirt to school in West Virginia.
—————————————————————-
Steve Watson is the London based writer and editor for Alex Jones' Infowars.com, and Prisonplanet.com. He has a Masters Degree in International Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham, and a Bachelor Of Arts Degree in Literature and Creative Writing from Nottingham Trent University.
Tell Congress: Fund Modern Research Methods Instead of Cruel Experiments on Animals
UN INT Intro Text w/ Responsive Image - *Important Note* You must UNLINK this shared library component before making page-specific customizations.
Since its founding in 1980, PETA has called for an end to the federal gravy train that funnels billions of tax dollars each year into cruel and antiquated experiments on animals. An estimated 47 percent of the grants awarded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH)—the largest public funder of biomedical experimentation worldwide—pays for experiments that use dogs, rats, monkeys, mice, and other animals as "models" of human physiology. The American people are being taken for a ride by those conducting this work, which rarely results in cures or effective treatments for humans.
NIH itself has acknowledged the failure of experiments on animals to produce human-relevant results. In its most recent five-year plan, the agency stated that "animal models often fail to provide good ways to mimic disease or predict how drugs will work in humans, resulting in much wasted time and money while patients wait for therapies."
Nonetheless, it continues to fund these dead-end experiments with your tax dollars. Please ask Congress to cut NIH funding for these cruel experiments and to redirect that money to fund modern, human-relevant research methods. The following are just a few examples—that PETA has exposed—of the stunning ways in which NIH wastes our money and supports the torment of animals:
Hamster fights: More than $3 million have been given to experimenters at Northeastern University so that they can inject hamsters with cocaine and other aggression-inducing drugs and then force them to fight each other. This experiment is so ridiculous that it made the "Wastebook" of government spending put out each year by Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.).
have been given to experimenters at Northeastern University so that they can inject hamsters with cocaine and other aggression-inducing drugs and then force them to fight each other. This experiment is so ridiculous that it made the "Wastebook" of government spending put out each year by Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.). Crippled dogs: Almost $10 million has been spent on another project that exemplifies NIH's apparent "if something hasn't work for decades, keep funding it" philosophy. For more than 30 years, Joe Kornegay has been breeding dogs to develop crippling muscular dystrophy. They struggle to walk and even swallow as their muscles deteriorate. Experiments on them haven't led to a cure or even a treatment to reverse disease symptoms. Yet NIH funding continues to pour in—supporting the breeding of colonies of afflicted dogs at Texas A&M University, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the University of Missouri, the University of Washington, and elsewhere.
has been spent on another project that exemplifies NIH's apparent "if something hasn't work for decades, keep funding it" philosophy. For more than 30 years, Joe Kornegay has been breeding dogs to develop crippling muscular dystrophy. They struggle to walk and even swallow as their muscles deteriorate. Experiments on them haven't led to a cure or even a treatment to reverse disease symptoms. Yet NIH funding continues to pour in—supporting the breeding of colonies of afflicted dogs at Texas A&M University, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the University of Missouri, the University of Washington, and elsewhere. Rewarding incompetence: Hundreds of millions of dollars have been given by NIH to the University of Pittsburgh (Pitt). Based on what we've seen, we wouldn't trust Pitt to change our light bulbs. A PETA investigation revealed that mice there have drowned in flooded cages or died of thirst. A veterinarian carried out a painful procedure without using proper anesthetics. Rabbits died from improper diets. Mice's intestines were intentionally punctured so that bacteria would leak into their abdominal cavities and cause septic shock. And NIH continued to fund this experiment even after a landmark study determined that the results of sepsis experiments in mice can't be applied to humans.
have been given by NIH to the University of Pittsburgh (Pitt). Based on what we've seen, we wouldn't trust Pitt to change our light bulbs. A PETA investigation revealed that mice there have drowned in flooded cages or died of thirst. A veterinarian carried out a painful procedure without using proper anesthetics. Rabbits died from improper diets. Mice's intestines were intentionally punctured so that bacteria would leak into their abdominal cavities and cause septic shock. And NIH continued to fund this experiment even after a landmark study determined that the results of sepsis experiments in mice can't be applied to humans. Primates as products: NIH paid nearly $7 million to infamous primate importer and dealer Primate Products, Inc. (PPI). While NIH was keeping monkeys at PPI to use in experiments, PETA's eyewitness investigation was uncovering the deprivation and misery experienced by the animals imprisoned there. Monkeys were forced to live in their own waste, subjected to violent handling, and left to suffer for days with painful injuries, including exposed bones. They were subjected to tail amputations and tooth extractions without adequate painkillers. After we went public with our investigation, PPI was cited for more than 25 violations of the federal Animal Welfare Act. NIH suspended its contracts with PPI—but only temporarily.
Here are a just a couple of examples of PETA's successful campaigns to end wasteful NIH spending and save animals from experimenters, something that Congress could continue to do today:
Baby monkey torture: More than $35 million was given by NIH to one of its own experimenters so that he could intentionally induce depression, anxiety, and fear in baby monkeys. Infants were torn away from their mothers, stuffed into tiny cages, and then terrorized with loud noises. Another torture session involved drugging monkey mothers and taping over their nipples. Their babies were filmed frantically trying to wake them up. The experimenter responsible for this cruelty admitted publicly that his results are not relevant to human mental illness, but NIH funded these experiments for more than 30 years. It was only after PETA launched a dynamic yearlong campaign against the inhumane and wasteful experiments that NIH finally pulled the plug and ended the studies.
was given by NIH to one of its own experimenters so that he could intentionally induce depression, anxiety, and fear in baby monkeys. Infants were torn away from their mothers, stuffed into tiny cages, and then terrorized with loud noises. Another torture session involved drugging monkey mothers and taping over their nipples. Their babies were filmed frantically trying to wake them up. The experimenter responsible for this cruelty admitted publicly that his results are not relevant to human mental illness, but NIH funded these experiments for more than 30 years. It was only after PETA launched a dynamic yearlong campaign against the inhumane and wasteful experiments that NIH finally pulled the plug and ended the studies. The infamous case of Double Trouble: More than $3 million in taxpayer money was given by NIH to the University of Wisconsin–Madison so that experimenters there could torment cats. After a lengthy legal battle with the university to obtain photos of invasive experiments involving cats, PETA released a shocking exposé showing that some of the animals—including one named Double Trouble—were subjected to invasive surgeries on their ears, skull, and brain. Double Trouble woke up in the middle of one of these procedures. Cats were chemically deafened and then deprived of food in order to make them comply during procedures. This experiment proved to be useless: No peer-reviewed papers were ever published as a result of it, and it was deemed a failure. It was part of a larger project supported by the agency, even though the lead experimenter admitted that "our goal is not to produce a clinical treatment or a cure." PETA's campaign ended the experiment, the laboratory was closed, and the surviving cats were adopted.
With your help, we can end these funding fiascos and the torment to animals that they cause.
Here's what we're demanding of NIH:
Immediately stop funding animal experiments in studies that have proved to be utterly useless.
Begin a critical analysis of other areas of animal experimentation to determine which ones should also not be funded.
Divert money from animal studies to the development of human-relevant, non-animal research methods.
We need lawmakers to understand how much money NIH currently wastes. Please send a polite e-mail to your members of Congress urging them to mandate that NIH stop throwing away taxpayer money on cruel, useless animal experiments and instead focus on modern, non-animal methods of research.
A new logo is approaching (with a blog redesign)! One of the tasks on our Hack'n'Plan (a tremendous game planning web app, by the way) which wasn't directly connected to our game was designing a real logo for our studio, Elrel. Actually, many of you may not have heard of the word Elrel yet, because as far as this blog is concerned, it is only written in the footer. It is, however, our twitter handle and on the splash screen of our first game. The logo for our first game was rushed because we really wanted to release it. Thus, it was high time Elrel got a nice logo; one which can be easily recognized.
I want to dedicate a whole entry to the logo's creative process because of this post, which highlights the creative process behind Tiny Phoenix's logo. Despite what some comments say, I think the logo is splendid, and I'm glad the team reached something they liked. Designing a logo is not easy, and I learned that first-hand while making our logo. Not all of you will agree with the decisions we made, and some of you may not like the final result. But doing this taught me a lot of things about what goes into a logo, and I think some if it may be useful for you to know. But just to be clear, this isn't a post about logo design. It's about the thought process.
Elrel
What is "elrel"? It's a five-letter word that has absolutely no meaning, as far as I can find. It's just what came to mind some 14 years ago when I made a funny sound with my mouth and Joraaver wanted to make the same sound, but couldn't. He just said "elrel." With that origin story in mind, I started making logos.
The Logos
Let me start by saying that if the word means nothing, then starting is difficult. So just let go of your inhibitions and draw randomly. If you feel like, pray for a happy accident, in a Bob Ross sort of way.
I started with some funny box icon thing. Let's just say that was warm-up. I played with the idea of stick figures fighting or running through the logo. I imagined the animation. It was clicking. I liked that last one of the four.
Funny box things, and then people running.
Then I toyed with the idea of letting the letters hang vertical. “Elrel” is a short enough word for that. Of those, I saw potential in the man standing in the rain, with lightning flashing. Animate that, and something pretty might still come.
Letters hanging vertical.
Then I dropped the idea of stick figures and put some emphasis on the E. Think of the big old storybooks, where the first letter of the book or the chapter is some gigantic, fancily drawn form. Or look at Valve's typography. I still wasn't feeling any attachment to these logos though. Maybe I am not good enough or didn't try hard enough, but I was not getting the vibe. It was time for something else.
Like a storybook?
Where can you find meaning if the word has no meaning? For some it's a stretch, but look at your (or your company's) values or philosophy. What are you trying to achieve? These are ideas we hadn't thought much about, but we tried to put some words down. At this moment, I thought of Vlambeer, the successful creators of Nuclear Throne, Ridiculous Fishing, and more. I hoped to find some insight to the logo of a seemingly random name, but alas, it actually means something. You can read about that here. However, they say that their logo was made "in twenty seconds." To me, that mean "don't sweat it." The logo doesn't need to be better than sliced bread, just something you can be happy with.
This leads us to the green sprinting foot logo. I think I was thinking of something lame like “live fast and free.” I can't help it; I'm a Sonic fan. But really, it just looks like the less popular cousin of Adidas. No go.
Now comes the fist. It has something to do with breaking barriers or new frontiers. I liked it, but it didn't read all that well. The bird with the marmalade jar was an attempt to lighten up from the whole philosophy idea. It didn't need to be that deep. It was a nice bird, but a far cry from a nice logo.
Fist and bird.
Ahh, the lava lamps. They are captivating little contraptions which kept me pacified for many hours; perhaps in the way that our games should captivate our audience. We really thought we had something going in the last red logo. We were very close to just stopping and plastering that thing everywhere. Honestly though, we were 90% happy. I know that I said not to sweat it too much, but this logo is going on our games, our site, our lives. No pressure, but we weren't there yet.
Lots of lava lamps (or cryogenic stasis tubes).
Which leaves us with the dying cats. Now I know this is a tad unfair, but “elrel” isn't perfectly meaningless. It was given meaning by my 7th grade teacher, who said it sounded like a dying cat when I made the discordant noise in class one day. I hadn't really thought about it until this point because it was a tenuous connection. But I ran with it. Thus, we ended with the last cat. I like the first cat with bulging eyes more, but it's too much an imitation for me to use comfortably. When I don't know how to draw something, I make a blatant copy first (I can't draw cats). But I digress. That's our logo!
Lots of dying cats.
Here's a summary of what I learned:
Types of Logos
I believe there are three types of logos, with some icing if you'd like. You could make an icon-based logo, a typography-based logo, or a logo involving both. The icing? Animation. Not necessary and not always right, but good to keep in mind. The point here isn't to limit the type of logos you can make. It's to provide options. Sometimes you see a good logo and think that your logo has to have some funny character alongside a name, but that's not true. I had to keep reminding myself to change styles. Granted, because I'm not the best vector artist, some things were outside my time and ability scope, but I still tried to stretch my wings.
Source of Inspiration
There are three things to look at when brainstorming: other logos, philosophy, and origin. I looked at Naughty Dog, Vlambeer, Bethesda, and a whole bunch of other studios. I even looked at non-game studios. I read about company values and learned how some studios were formed. There's a gold nugget somewhere. Just keep looking.
In a final act of complete contradiction, I will say this: it's perfectly acceptable for your logo to mean absolutely nothing. It could be a flying elephant, while your studio is “Grounded Worms.” All it has to be is recognizable as your brand, and make you happy.
Thanks for reading, and feel free to discuss here or on reddit !
