Get the biggest Sunderland AFC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Joint caretaker manager Billy McKinlay has left Sunderland for West Ham United.
The Scot was David Moyes' assistant manager at Real Sociedad, and will link up with the former Black Cats boss at the London Stadium.
McKinlay was one half of the management team which took charge after the sacking of Simon Grayson a week-and-a-half ago.
Sunderland are expected to step up their search for a new full-time manager in the coming days but until they find someone, Robbie Stockdale will prepare the team for Saturday's Championship visit of Millwall.
Although Stockdale and McKinlay were technically equals when they led the team to a 1-0 defeat at Middlesbrough in Sunderland's last match, Stockdale was the more prominent of the two, conducting the media engagements and more visible on the touchline than his counterpart. This was despite the fact that former Scotland international McKinlay had managerial experience, briefly with Watford, then with Norwegian club Stabaek. Stockdale has been Sunderland's caretaker manager in the past, but the game at the Riverside was the first he had taken charge of.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
McKinlay joined the Black Cats as a scout, and was only brought onto the coaching staff in September when Grayson's assistant Ian Snodin was suffering from high blood pressure. Snodin was sacked along with Grayson after the side won just one of their initial 15 Championship matches this season.
Because McKinlay was not under contract, Sunderland were powerless to stop him leaving when West Ham came calling.
A club statement read: "Sunderland AFC can confirm that Billy McKinlay has taken up a coaching role with West Ham United.
"The club would like to thank Billy for his efforts during his time on Wearside.
"Robbie Stockdale will continue as the club's caretaker manager when the squad returns to training on Monday.
"A further announcement will be made in due course."
When Moyes' appointment was first mooted, it had been expected that Phil Neville would be his assistant, but the former Manchester United, Everton and England player wants his next job in football to be a a manager rather than a No.2, and he is understood to be interested in the Stadium of Light job. Sunderland chief executive Martin Bain would prefer an experienced manager, however.
(Image: PA)
Sacking Grayson in the run-up to an international break has given Bain plenty of time to assess the field but ideally the club would have their new manager in place by now, allowing him time to impose his ideas on the squad ahead of an important match at the weekend. The Wearsiders have not won at the Stadium of Light in any competition since December 17, and ending that sequence will be vital to their chances of avoiding a second consecutive relegation. They are bottom of the Championship with more than a third of their league fixtures gone.
Aitor Karanka and Paul Heckingbottom have both been suggested as possible candidates for the job, though both have cause to be choosy. Karanka is settled in North Yorkshire so geographically the job would suit him but in leading Middlesbrough to promotion he showed himself to be a manager who demands a lot of those above as well as below him, and would therefore want reassurances that the circumstances at Sunderland would allow him to be successful. Moyes resigned in the summer when he decided that was not the case, and Derek McInnes declined an offer to leave Aberdeen before Grayson was offered the job.
Heckingbottom is a former Sunderland trainee but he is managing his home-town club Barnsley with some success, something he is unlikely to give up lightly.
With his connections to Bain through their time at Rangers, former Sunderland striker Ally McCoist is also a possibility, though his only management experience came with the Glasgow giants so the Championship would be new to him. Like Karanka, he is freely available, though.
Until that is resolved, the highly-rated Stockdale will have to go it alone, and the chances of the 37-year-old – who was promoted from the academy to the first-team staff by Sam Allardyce – taking the team against Millwall would appear to be growing by the day.
Seth Rich, the Democratic National Committee staffer who was killed last summer. LinkedIn The killing of a Democratic National Committee staff member captured the conservative media zeitgeist anew this month, thanks in part to news coverage from a Washington, DC, Fox affiliate and a heavy rotation on Fox News by way of host Sean Hannity.
Critics have excoriated Hannity over his multiday cable-news deliberation on the killing of the staff member, Seth Rich, which he continued despite calls for him to retract the story. Until late Tuesday, Hannity persisted, even after the network had issued its own retraction.
Here's what's behind the controversy:
Who is Seth Rich?
Last summer, Rich, a 27-year-old DNC staff member, was fatally shot in the back. Though the circumstances surrounding his killing are not entirely clear, local news outlets have reported he was the victim of a botched robbery. Rich was reportedly on the phone at the time and had to quickly hang up. A torn watchband at the scene suggested there was a struggle between Rich and his killer.
It was the first killing of the year in that particular neighborhood. Two more armed robberies happened in the neighborhood within weeks of Rich's killing, local news outlets reported.
Rich worked at the headquarters of the DNC as the voter-expansion data director. A statement from Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who was then the DNC chair, called Rich a "dedicated selfless public servant" who "saw the great potential of our nation and believed that, together, we can make the world a better place."
Scott Audette/Reuters
How Rich's death became a conspiracy that went viral
On July 22, nearly two weeks after Rich's death, WikiLeaks dumped thousands of internal emails it said came from the DNC. Following the release, some right-wing media personalities and outlets, including Breitbart News and the Drudge Report, touted a theory that Rich had been in contact with WikiLeaks before he was killed and that he was murdered as part of a cover-up.
Rod Wheeler, a private investigator associated with Rich's family, told a Fox News affiliate in Washington that there was evidence that proved the alleged contact between Rich and WikiLeaks. Wheeler also suggested that the Metropolitan Police Department tried to cover up the nature of Rich's death on behalf of the DNC, an allegation the police department denied.
Fox News ran Wheeler's story, which also referred to a "federal source" who claimed the FBI had examined Rich's computer and found the emails from WikiLeaks.
A law-enforcement official told CNN, however, that the FBI was never in possession of Rich's laptop and that a forensic analysis of it was not conducted. Wheeler later backtracked, saying he had no evidence of a connection between Rich and WikiLeaks.
"I only got that [information] from the reporter at Fox News," Wheeler told CNN.
Hannity spent several days promoting the conspiracy theory on Twitter and on his Fox News program.
"Congress, investigate Seth Rich Murder," Hannity tweeted on Sunday. "If Seth was wiki source, no Trump/Russia collusion."
"Snowflakes with anger issues and impulse control issues. U must believe the "robbery" gone bad story," another tweet from Hannity said.
Other Fox News personalities helped promote the baseless theory, including Fox News contributor Geraldo Rivera, who tweeted, "1) #SethRich shot in back(2)worked for #DNC which, (3)screwed @BernieSanders 4)#WIKILEAKS screwed DNC(5)Did #sethrich leak?(6)is it related?"
Kim Dotcom, a multimillionaire internet mogul who is subject to extradition to the US on charges of copyright infringement, money laundering, and wire fraud, dedicated a large section of his website to the conspiracy. He called Rich a "hero" and appealed to Robert Mueller, the former FBI director who was named special counsel to lead the FBI investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to meddle in the 2016 election, to guarantee "safe passage from New Zealand to the United States and back," in exchange for evidence he claims to have on the Rich conspiracy.
Kim.com
The fallout
As Hannity continued to spin the conspiratorial web, some staff members at Fox News reportedly grew upset with their prime-time star. The Daily Beast interviewed nearly a dozen employees, including hosts and reporters, who all expressed dismay.
"ARE WE STILL AIRING THAT SH--," one Fox News political reporter said in a message to The Daily Beast.
"The other reporters I've talked to [about this] are similarly pissed about the whole thing," another Fox News reporter told the publication. "Some find it embarrassing, others downright heartless [to spread this]."
Members of Rich's family conveyed frustration over what they described as Wheeler's "unsubstantiated claims." The family said the claims were "no facts" and they had seen "no evidence" Rich was communicating with WikiLeaks.
"We are a family who is committed to facts, not fake evidence that surfaces every few months to fill the void and distract law enforcement and the general public from finding Seth's murderers," a statement from the family said.
Brad Bauman, a representative for the Rich family, rebuked those he said were seeking to politicize Rich's killing.
"It's sad but unsurprising that a group of media outlets who have repeatedly lied to the American people would try and manipulate the legacy of a murder victim in order to forward their own political agenda," Bauman told Business Insider earlier this month. "I think there is a special place in hell for people like that."
Fox News/YouTube
The latest updates
Fox News on Tuesday removed an article it had published nearly a week earlier on Rich, saying "the article was not initially subjected to the high degree of editorial scrutiny."
"Upon appropriate review, the article was found not to meet those standards and has since been removed," Fox News' statement said, according to CNN. "We will continue to investigate this story and will provide updates as warranted."
To this effect, Bauman said Rich's family was grateful.
"The family would like to thank Fox News for their retraction on a story that has caused deep pain and anguish to the family and has done harm to Seth Rich's legacy," Bauman said in CNN's report. "We are hopeful that in the future Fox News will work with the family to ensure the highest degree of professionalism and scrutiny is followed so that only accurate facts are reported serving this case."
Rich's brother Aaron wrote a letter on Tuesday to the executive producer of Hannity's show and urged him to find the "decency and kindness" to reconsider the decision to peddle the conspiracy theory.
"Think about how you would feel losing a son or brother," the letter said. "And while dealing with this, you had baseless accusations of your lost family member being part of a vast conspiracy."
YouTube Rich's parents also wrote an op-ed article in The Washington Post that was published Tuesday:
"Imagine living in a nightmare that you can never wake up from. Imagine having to face every single day knowing that your son was murdered. Imagine you have no answers — that no one has been brought to justice and there are few clues leading to the killer or killers. Imagine that every single day, with every phone call you hope that it's the police, calling to tell you that there has been a break in the case. "Imagine that instead, every call that comes in is a reporter asking what you think of a series of lies or conspiracies about the death. That nightmare is what our family goes through every day."
The op-ed article continued:
"We also know that many people are angry at our government and want to see justice done in some way, somehow. We are asking you to please consider our feelings and words. There are people who are using our beloved Seth's memory and legacy for their own political goals, and they are using your outrage to perpetuate our nightmare. We ask those purveying falsehoods to give us peace, and to give law enforcement the time and space to do the investigation they need to solve our son's murder."
On Tuesday evening, Hannity on his show said he would back off on the subject "at this time."
"I totally and completely understand how upset, how hard this is on this family, especially over the recent coverage of Seth's death," Hannity said. "Out of respect for the family's wishes, for now, I am not discussing this matter at this time."
Though Hannity expressed his condolences to Rich's family, at the end of his program on Tuesday night, Hannity appeared to backpedal on it.
"There are so many issues here, not the least of which is the Democratic push of their Russia narrative ... There's something clearly happening here," Hannity said. "The 'destroy-Trump media' ... They have been pushing the Russian tinfoil-hat conspiracy story with zero evidence."
Hannity tweeted minutes before his show ended Tuesday night: "Ok TO BE CLEAR, I am closer to the TRUTH than ever. Not only am I not stopping, I am working harder. Updates when available. Stay tuned!"
Maxwell Tani contributed to this report.
5 things to know about streetscape project
The Sacramento City Council will consider a streetscape project on 16th Street aimed at attracting pedestrians and new businesses.The plan is to revitalize the N. 16th Street corridor between H Street and Richards Boulevard. The area is well-known for homelessness, traffic and unsavory conditions.Here are 5 things to know about the project:1) Improvements target the streetSome of the proposed improvements include a new curb, the gutter, sidewalk, landscaping, signage and lighting.2) Project is in early stagesThe streetscape project is still in the planning stages. The city of Sacramento is working to secure grant money to fund the plans. Construction won't likely begin until 2019.3) City got feedback from residentsThe city got input from residents through an online community questionnaire about the area. People highlighted several concerns including dark and unclean tunnels, inconsistent sidewalks and the homeless population.4) Businesses want increased visibilityBusiness owners in the area said they want better signage and lighting to help increase their visibility to visitors.5) Outreach to continueThe city said it will continue to reach out to the public during the different stages of the project, providing updates and changes.
The Sacramento City Council will consider a streetscape project on 16th Street aimed at attracting pedestrians and new businesses.
The plan is to revitalize the N. 16th Street corridor between H Street and Richards Boulevard. The area is well-known for homelessness, traffic and unsavory conditions.
Advertisement
Here are 5 things to know about the project:
1) Improvements target the street
Some of the proposed improvements include a new curb, the gutter, sidewalk, landscaping, signage and lighting.
2) Project is in early stages
The streetscape project is still in the planning stages. The city of Sacramento is working to secure grant money to fund the plans. Construction won't likely begin until 2019.
3) City got feedback from residents
The city got input from residents through an online community questionnaire about the area. People highlighted several concerns including dark and unclean tunnels, inconsistent sidewalks and the homeless population.
4) Businesses want increased visibility
Business owners in the area said they want better signage and lighting to help increase their visibility to visitors.
5) Outreach to continue
The city said it will continue to reach out to the public during the different stages of the project, providing updates and changes.
AlertMe
Inspired by the horror movie clichés we love from movies like Halloween, Friday the 13th, Scream, Nightmare on Elm Street, and many others, Tropes: Horror Show Edition lets you and your friends share the writer's chair to create hilarious, scary, wacky, or terrifying stories based on hundreds of classic horror movie tropes.
Will the Jock make it out of the Cabin in the Woods? What will the Camp Counselor find in the Wood Chipper? And what horrors are in store for the Prom Queen at the Abandoned Motel?
You'll find out, with Tropes: Horror Show Edition, where it's never the same story twice!
Check out our recent trip to the AFK Tavern in Renton, where we appeared on their podcast with Brian Stewart!
The object of Tropes is to work together to spontaneously create a classic scary movie scene. You'll combine all the iconic characters and settings to tell your story, and of course it ends in either the characters' escape - or grisly demise. The person who ends the most stories, wins.
Here's what makes Tropes: Horror Show a unique and fun game you and your friends will love:
Hilarious, gut-busting, improvised creativity.
Designed to poke fun at some of the all-time great scary movie moments.
Lightning fast setup and game play, perfect for parties or game nights.
Super easy to learn, out of the box.
Never-ending combinations of characters, scenes, and story cards.
Let's you be as creative as you want to be.
For horror aficionados, storytellers, and anyone that's laughed at a campfire story.
Stories scale in tone and scariness depending on age and comfort level of the players.
Stylish artwork by Dev Madan.
Check out these short clips of live, unrehearsed rounds of Tropes: Horror Show Edition.
"The Person Who Recommends Splitting Up" is "In the Closet".
"The Parents in Denial" at the "Creepy Mansion".
"The Clueless Police Officer" at the "High School at Midnight".
Here's the basics of of how to play the game:
Step 1 - Reveal a Scene and a Character. This determines where the round's story will take place, and who the star of the round will be. Why is the Boy Scout at the Slumber Party? I don't know... make something up!
Step 2 - The first player uses a Story card from their hand for inspiration, and says a few words to get the story going. For example, "The Boy Scout was confident that his blonde wig would do the trick this time."
Step 3 - The next player picks up where the last person left off, using a Story card from their hand to add to the story. For example, "It was dark upstairs, but he could hear the girls giggling as they played Truth-Or-Dare."
Step 4 - Keep the story moving around the table. You'll have a hand full of scary movie tropes to use as inspiration. You can make the story tense, action packed, lewd, farcical - or a hilariously weird combination of all three.
Step 5 - Once the story has gone around the table a few times, players are allowed to use the rare Finale cards to end the story and collect the Character as a point. Finales might have the Character escape or triumph over the antagonist, or meet a hilariously gruesome demise.
Move on to the next random Scene and Character, and start again. The person who has collected the most Characters at the end, wins. But really, you'll probably be laughing too hard along the way to keep score.
Each round of Tropes: Horror Show Edition is unique, because the game varies depending on who you're playing with. Some players love embellishing the story with drama and mood, while others just like throwing down the most inappropriate or weird card they can to keep things interesting. Every card works because the game puts you in the writer's seat, and there's no complicated rules to worry about.
Check out game designers Jeff and Craig talk more about how the game is played and a few behind-the-scenes design points.
Interested in learning more about Tropes: Horror Show Edition? Check out our webpage at http://playtropes.com and read about our process and journey at the blog, or visit our Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/tropesgame.
We are currently in a discussion phase with WinCo Games, who has given us a reasonable quote and has a proven track record in manufacturing. Our initial ask for this Kickstarter is $12,000 which would cover printing and shipping costs for 1000 units, and will cover the percentage owed to Kickstarter. That won't leave a ton left over for funding our giant mansions and gold lined swimming pools, but that's not the goal this time around.
Simply stated: We want as many copies of this groundbreaking and hilarious game in your hands. Fulfillment will be handled via Amazon in order to ensure an easy and safe delivery.
Amidst an evolution in the German utility industry, one power company is looking to blockchain technology as a means to cut costs and improve its customer experience.
Five years ago, Germany's government announced its intention to phase out the country's nuclear power plants, a move that came in the wake of the still-unresolved nuclear disaster in Fukushima, Japan. Celebrated by green power advocates and blasted by utility firms, the move has since resulted in a shift in how Germany produces its power, and a need for those utilities to innovate or risk facing a changing marketplace.
RWE, a German power company with more than 20 million customers worldwide, is one of those firms, operating both coal and nuclear energy infrastructure in the country. According to its 2014 annual report, RWE reported roughly €48bn, or roughly $52bn, in revenue.
Yet like the other utility firms in Germany, RWE is facing a future wherein its primary modes of energy production face regulatory challenges.
This reality has pushed RWE to innovate, and as part of those efforts, the firm has established an internal working team to evaluate how blockchain tech can help it trim costs by lowering expenses related to energy transmission.
The company has partnered with Ethereum-based blockchain startup Slock.it, founded by former Ethereum CCO Stephen Tual, to develop proofs-of-concepts (POCs) involving the technology.
In a recent interview, RWE blockchain team lead Carsten Stöcker discussed one possible application – electric car charging stations that use blockchain-based smart contracts to authenticate users and manage the billing process.
He told CoinDesk:
“We would like to solve the problems and really push electric vehicle deployment forward by looking into establishing a seamless and affordable electrical charging infrastructure.”
Future of car charging
According to Stöcker, the project has a working prototype that was recently debuted at the Lift 2016 conference in Geneva, Switzerland.
Stöcker said that the next phase involves taking that prototype and moving it to a test bed with real electric vehicles and charging stations, a process that will play out over the next year.
The PoC operates on the Ethereum blockchain, with the charging station acting as a point at which both customer authentication and the processing of payments takes place.
Under the prototype, users interact with the charging station by agreeing to a smart contract that is programmed on top of the Ethereum network. Prior to charging, the user makes a deposit on the network, which is later released after the transaction is complete.
One notable difference between how charging stations function today and the RWE prototype is that users are billed differently.
Rather than having the user pay for the amount of time spent connected to the charging station – generally an amount in hours, users ultimately purchase the amount of electricity consumed during the charging process.
The thesis behind the experiment is that users will save money through the use of microtransactions, and that electricity would be deployed more efficiently as a result of this approach.
Next steps, Stöcker explained, include looking at regulatory requirements that could influence the deployment of such a system.
Stöcker said that the firm has begun this process, with a particular emphasis on Germany as an initial test bed given RWE's existing infrastructure and its understanding of German regulations.
Autonomous business
The push for applying the blockchain represents a possible shift in how the company interfaces with the customers it services. In the case of a charging station connected to a blockchain network, explained Tual, a customer would be doing business with “machines working on behalf of RWE”.
“What's really exciting here is that people are going to be able to use smart contracts to contract with a machine directly, rather than contracting with a human being or a corporation,” he told CoinDesk.
From Stöcker's perspective, blockchain tech can help reshape how RWE operates those car charging ports – a necessary step, he argues, given what he called a costly process of building and maintaining these stations.
Stöcker suggested that the work on this particular project could blend into other initiatives, including work on autonomous vehicle operation. This concept has been floated in the past as a possible avenue for smart contract application.
He said that the technology “resonates very, very soundly” with RWE's broader vision for technological innovation, calling it “key” to those ongoing efforts.
“We are looking into the combination of blockchain and energy delivery, and we pretty much think that this can change many industries around energy, mobility and supply chain,” he said.
Images via Slock.it, Shutterstock
“Inside everyone
is a great shout of joy
waiting to be born.”
~ David Whyte, Winter of Listening
Dharma & Passion
It's difficult to find an exact translation for Dharma in the English language. The French come close with, raison d'être which means, “the most important reason for someone's existence.” To my students, I describe Dharma this way: we are each unique, specific expressions of the life force, and thus, we each have a gift to share with the world. Our Dharma is the gift itself but also the duty to discover and nurture it. This process does involve contemplation, but mostly, it grows in the heart. It must be felt inside and nurtured through love to be truly manifested. For this reason, I believe the English word that comes closest to dharma is “passion”.
The Nine Distractions
Whatever language you use, discovering your dharma, is not easy. Though experts from most disciplines extol passion as the key to success, they all acknowledge that the path is filled with obstacles. Google “success” and you'll find a plethora of self-help books, online questionnaires, motivational seminars, life coaching solicitations all promising to help you to “discover the truth of what moves you”.
Thousands of years ago, ancient yogis also sought strategies for navigating the journey to self-truth. Around 600 BC, Patanjali, the great compiler, summarized prior yogic thought on this subject in his Yoga Sutras. He elucidates nine distractions (antarayas) to the process of self-discovery. Much like the screaming sirens of Greek mythology, these temptations constantly threaten to pull us off course.
Antaraya means “to come between; obstacles”. Unpacking the word we see anta is means between, ara is moving towards, and ya equals yeah.”
In The Yogi's Roadmap, Bhavani Silvia Maki translates the Sutra I:29, “Tataha pratyak-cetana adhigamah api antaraya-abhavah ca'' to mean: “Then the understanding of your soul, the Self happens, and there will be an absence of obstacles, that is, obstacles in your path will vanish.” In the next sutra, the nine are named as: Ilness (Vyadhi), Apathy (Styana), Doubt (Samśaya), Negligence (Pramada), Sloth (Alasya), Imbalance (Avirati), Delusion (Bhranti-darshana), Self-depreciation (Alabdha- bhūmikatva), and Instability (Anavasthitatvani).
Disarming the Distractions
That which continues to oppose our path serve us too in the end, by testing and strengthening our resolve to live our dharma. ~ Aadil Palkhivala
After listing the “nasty” nine, Patanjali provides their antidote. First, we inoculate ourselves with the practice of concentration (Tat Pratisedhartham Eka Tattvabhyasah, Yoga Sutra I.32 ). Approaching self-study (svadhyaya) from a place of stillness provides greater clarity (viveka) so we can see where and when we might fall prey to the distractions. Stillness allows us to use the Nine as a yardstick to measure our own psychological and physiological habits (samskaras).
He then advises four specific attitudes to fortify this state of clarity; friendliness (Maitri), compassion (Karuna), delight in the virtuous ((Mudita) and disregard towards the wicked, equinimity (Upeksanam). These four foster a serene mind more immune to outside stimuli (Sukha Duhkha Punyapunya Visayanam Bhavanatas Citta Prasadanam I.34). Armed with this clarity, we are able to take an honest look at ourselves and learn from the antarayas.
Discovering Dharma Practice
“The inner obstacles that disperse the mind are: illness, apathy, doubt, negligence, sloth, imbalance, delusion, self-depreciation, and instability.” ~ Yoga Sutra 1.30, Patanjali
Now we're ready to put Patanjali's valuable insight into practical application. To begin this Discovering Dharma Practice come to a place and time amenable to “settling into stillness”. After finding your spot, you might find it helpful to practice a one-pointed focus technique (tratakam) such as watching your breath, reciting a positive affirmation (mantra) or a visual point. After a few minutes, turn your attention to one of the four fortifications (friendliness, compassion, joy, and disregard for the wicked). Complete this first step by reciting Om, which Patanjali says helps to disarm the distractions.
Now consider the antayaras in order. You might want to bring this list and a journal with you. You'll definitely want to bring with you the four fortifications so you can assess how they can help you with each.
Distraction #1 – Illness – Take a look at your energy, your mental and physical health. Do you feel like you're more tired than others? Do you find yourself distracted with health concerns? Do you put your mental and physical health as a priority in your daily life? Patanjali wisely knows that health concerns are a huge distraction to clarity. Set an intention to take positive and specific steps to generate a Healthy Living Plan. This might mean consulting a professional, purchasing a healthy living book or starting a health journal. Meditate on those times in your life when you did feel healthy mentally and physically. What practices contributed to that feeling? Conversely, can you pinpoint what might have caused your current illnesses?
Distraction #2 – Apathy – Look at how you feel throughout the day. Do you find yourself procrastinating? Are you restless or lack of enthusiasm for any one thing. Are your habits self-defeating? Do you not care about the results of your actions? Ask yourself to consider a time when you did feel energized by something. This could be an experience or place where you felt time stood still. You were completely absorbed in that activity. What qualities were present here? Were you in an athletic endeavor? Engaged in work? With others? Look at the event as if it were an interesting story about someone else. What do you see?
Distraction #3 – Doubt – Are you unsure of yourself or the reality that you might have a unique gift? Do you doubt your ability to be passionate? As in the previous distraction, consider a time when you did feel passion. It can be anything: playing with your pet, watching a movie or just relaxing outside. The idea is to see that you do have the capacity for passion. You might also consider those in your life who you see as passionate. What qualities do they have? Are you jealous of them? This might be a signal of doubt of yourself? Can you maintain joy (Mudita) towards them? This is a sign that you've conquered this distraction.
Distraction #4 – Negligence – Do you do things that you know are wrong, not good for you? Or, on the other hand, avoid doing something you know you should do? Are you chronically avoiding responsibilities? Don't meet deadlines? Are you late frequently? Are you careless about your eating or drinking habits? Again, consider what small steps you could take to remedy one of these issues. Keep it small and specific.
Distraction #5 – Sloth – Do you have a heaviness in the body? You may do a lot of things, but when it comes to doing little asanas, postures or exercise, you simply don't. This laziness can creep up in any aspect of life while doing anything. One is intentionally not doing and another is heaviness or laziness in the body that takes over you. What have you committed to in your life? Do you avoid commitment? You'll find that taking steps in the first four will greatly affect #5. Once you feel healthier by committing to a plan or lifestyle change, your energy will return. However, remind yourself that the first step is always the hardest. What could you do to give yourself that extra push?
Distraction #6 – Imbalance, worldliness – Do you feel overwhelmed by the pull of the senses and thus fail to maintain balance in the midst of the worldly life? Again, each of these distractions begins to fall away as the ones before are disarmed. Once you embrace a healthier more optimistic mental and physical state, that in itself becomes rewarding. Until then, making note of the specific pitfalls in your own day, in your home. What habits do you have that do not support your healthy plan? How could you set up your home, your day in a way that sabotages your unhealthy habits?
Distraction #7 – Delusion – Do you experience an error in understanding or judgment? Does your mind accept a mistaken point of view? The problem is people often live out the roles others want them to fill. The only way you can build a happy life is from a foundation of your own nature, your own values, your own interests.
Distraction #8 – Self-depreciation – Are you experiencing a failure to gain ground? Are you plateauing? Why is this happening? Is it that the prerequisites weren't met, a strong foundation wasn't built? Perhaps further effort is required? Do you lack the confidence to feel you really can achieve the goal? Do you sell yourself short?
Distraction #9 – Instability – Do you achieve a level of attainment but have difficulty maintaining it? Is your practice inconsistent or is there an unsteadiness of the foundation? Here we again use self-study to look at ourselves. Perhaps we have started a course that involves our passion but we didn't do the groundwork to make sure we had the skills. Maybe we gave up before we were able to reach our expectations. Yoga Sutra 1.12 reminds that practice (abhyasa) and detachment (vairagyabyam) are important in bringing about clarity. We need to honestly assess if we did build a solid foundation for our dharma to manifest and if we did support it with consistent practice. Or did we give up too soon?
The journey to discover our passion is challenging but essential to our happiness. It is our Dharma, our duty. Thankfully, Patanjali provided us a practical, succinct guidebook for navigating the journey. In the Sutras, he reminds us that there is no quick fix, no magic potion or practice. To see our dharma requires self-study, honesty, effort, and trust. That process is Yoga.
Gaming revenues at Baltimore's Horseshoe Casino slumped to their lowest monthly level in May since the facility opened last August.
Figures released this morning by the Maryland Lottery and Gaming Control Agency show that Horseshoe's revenues last month dropped to $21,923,621, or more than $1 million below April and nearly $3 million less than March 2015.
The casino's previous low watermark was in September 2014, the first full month of operation, when it recorded $22.4 million in revenues.
The state agency did not identify a cause for the revenue decline, but anecdotal evidence suggests that the April 27 riot in West Baltimore has cast a shadow over local gaming, at least for the short run.
The apparent beneficiary of Horseshoe's poor performance is its closest rival, Maryland Live in Anne Arundel County.
Maryland Live recorded a 14% rise in revenues last month over April. The facility registered $58,042,088 in revenues last month – 62% more than Horseshoe.
Last summer, when Horseshoe was opening, city officials and the local media were predicting that the new casino on Russell Street would grab a large portion of business from Maryland Live. That proved illusory.
From the start of operations, Horseshoe's revenues have been 35-40% below original projections.
No Property Tax Relief
It was a result of such rosy projections that Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake proposed to lower Baltimore City's property tax rate in the coming and future years. (The casino pays a ground lease based on revenues on the city-owned Russell Street site.)
The disappointing revenue stream has made a minimal impact on city taxes – and the mayor has “paused” a promised reduction in the property tax rate for fiscal 2016, starting July 1. (See It's now official: sagging casino revenues equal no property tax cut this year.)
Last month's total take at Horseshoe (slot machines and table games) amounted to $707,214 a day – down from $764,729 a day in April and $821,036 a day in February, so far the casino's best revenue month.
Between April 28 and May 2, Rawlings-Blake imposed a citywide emergency curfew because of civil unrest, which forced the casino to close overnight.
Horseshoe resumed 24-hour operations on Sunday, May 3.
“Everything is supposed to be exploratory and it comes from the kids,” Thomson said. She noted they particularly love pattern blocks, which are like puzzles to them and tend to calm them down. She doesn't ever lecture her students on how to use the spatial reasoning tools, but rather sets kids a challenge and lets them figure out how to put the blocks together. Often she'll lead them in one group activity and then leave the materials out around the room so kids can play with them during free time as well.
A favorite lesson is the “magic key” activity where she puts on a witch hat and explains to her kindergarteners that a witch has hidden a treasure behind a door, casting a spell to lock it. She then gives them a set of pentominoes which contains five squares, and tells students their job is to find as many ways to combine the squares with one full side touching as they can. The more combinations they find the better their chances are of locating the key.
“They discover within the half hour that there are 12 of these keys and we can't make more,” Thomson said. As she and her colleagues experimented with spatial reasoning activities like this one, they were consistently amazed at how much more young students could do than they expected. And because the activities largely deal with manipulating shapes, practicing mental rotations and talking about positional language, kids who struggle with more traditional numeracy exercises were shining.
“We started making sure we labeled this as math,” Thomson said. Before, kids thought math was just numbers, but when she worked to broaden the definition to include spatial reasoning tasks and toys they suddenly started to really enjoy math time, often choosing to play with materials during choice time.
Thomson said she was so impressed with the results she was getting that she focused almost exclusively on spatial reasoning, neglecting other kindergarten concepts like patterning and numeracy. That made her a little nervous, so she was surprised and delighted when her students still performed well on those more traditional math concepts by the end of the year. That direct experience of success validated the research the Math For Young Children team presented.
“It was good for me to see how important it was,” Thomson said. She's now pulling the spatial reasoning tasks in more, connecting numeracy concepts like the number line to spatial and geometry concepts. She's has students use blocks on number lines to help them understand the concept of magnitude, for example.
Cristol Bailey also began using spatial reasoning in her classes several years ago. At that time she taught at a rural school with a high First Nations population. Bailey taught special education, but many of the students were underachieving even without that categorization. She says she was skeptical of spatial reasoning, but it was a “seeing is believing situation” for her.
“The lower achieving kids had such a high degree of success with these activities and showed strengths that more standardized number sense lesson plans would never have brought out,” Bailey said. “For them to be successful in math -- and successful to the degree they were -- was mind boggling.”
She began to see her entire math program through a spatial and geometry lens. Even when students were doing number sense activities she would encourage them to gesture with their hands or visualize the number line. She found often kids didn't have the language to describe spatial positioning, but as they used their hands to gesture they began to find the words.
“We went into it with a sort of learning trajectory to mind and most of the time they far surpassed what we thought they'd be capable of,” Bailey said. She now teaches Grade 2 students, most of whom have had spatial reasoning lessons since kindergarten. They've mastered many of the tasks, but she still finds more difficult ones to grow their skills. One favorite is the “hole punch symmetry challenge,” in which students imagine punching a hole in a folded up piece of paper. As the paper unfolds, where will the holes be?
“It is my struggling paper and pencil kids who nailed it right off the bat, which was really surprising and great because I was not expecting that,” she said.
In Ontario, students take an important standardized test in Grade 3 called the EQAO that determines whether they are on grade level. That means that even in Grade 2 there's pressure to cover a broad array of topics and anxiety that kids won't be ready. Teachers go over diagnostic data at divisional meetings, creating lessons to target concepts and skills that students haven't mastered. Bailey has noticed that students often struggle with tasks that involve spatial sense, a further indicator to her that spatial reasoning should be the norm in every early elementary classroom.
While she still uses spatial reasoning in her Grade 2 classroom, Bailey admits that without the support of colleagues working to adapt the materials to this grade level it's more of a challenge. She thinks her experience with the Math For Young Children team and curriculum has changed her teaching forever, but wishes it was more of a priority even as kids get older. Perhaps just as important, the experience of working with math researchers and colleagues to refine lessons has her thinking about going back to school for another degree on how to better teach math.
MATH FOR YOUNG CHILDREN
There's a well-known rift between those who believe the only type of developmentally appropriate early childhood education is a play-based one, and those concerned that relying solely on any learning that comes out of play could put students coming from impoverished backgrounds at a disadvantage. Research has shown that students from lower socioeconomic groups enter school with significantly less mathematical knowledge, and it is difficult to overcome that gap without intentional mathematics programming. But, at the same time, traditional teacher-led instruction often isn't developmentally appropriate for five-year-olds.
“This project started as a way to show young children engaged in rigorous mathematics in ways that were play,” said Joan Moss, Associate Professor Emerita at the University of Toronto's Ontario Institute for Studies in Education. She stresses that while math learning doesn't only emerge from play, as some insist, the activities are still developmentally appropriate because they are presented playfully; students have lots of choice, there are many entry points, and while there are right answers, teachers build a culture in which getting a wrong answer isn't bad.
For example, in the “quick image activity” the teacher flashes a complex pattern made out of pattern blocks. Students see it for a very brief time and then try to recreate it themselves. After working for a bit they get to see the original image again and make fixes to their original attempts. Hawes and Moss say a lot of learning happens in the fixing.
In addition to demonstrating that well-trained teachers can teach math concepts in developmentally appropriate and playful ways, the Math For Young Children project has been an experiment in a more collaborative type of professional development. The university researchers are working alongside classroom teachers to fine tune lessons and evaluate how well they work. The Rainy River School Board teachers who were the first participants kept logs of when they used spatial reasoning activities, how long they took, and the tweaks they made. They brought feedback from the classroom back to researchers, and used a lesson study approach to improving the lessons together.
Joan Moss says this collaborative model of professional development, featuring teachers working alongside researchers to build quality activities grounded in research and classroom practice has been thrilling and a huge part of the program's success. Teachers agree: “To be able to get together with people with that much math knowledge, it was an amazing experience,” Cristol Bailey said.
“It changed my teaching in the fact that I think of myself as a teacher-researcher, as they call us,” Thomson added. She now approaches every classroom activity as a mini experiment, tweaking and adjusting along the way. “I'm a lot more reflective in what I'm doing and what I put out there. It's a neat lens to look through.”
The University of Toronto team evaluated the Math For Young Children program as it was being implemented in the Rainy River schools. Since teachers of the experimental group were engaged in inquiry-based professional development with researchers around spatial reasoning, the control group's teachers also had interaction with researchers on a different topic. This was meant to make the groups more similar in exposure, but with different focuses.
After the first year, students in the experimental group made significant gains on assessments of geometry, spatial reasoning and numerical skills compared to the control group. In the second year, researchers decided to test students on the KeyMath measures, which are used to assess school-based mathematical concepts and skills. Students in the experimental group showed significant gains on those more traditional measures as well (a paper with these findings will soon be published in Cognition and Instruction). The first class of students will take the EQAO this year, and researchers hope they will show increased learning over peers in the rest of the province.
Image caption King Harold died after being shot in the eye, and William the Conqueror was victorious
Norman names such as William, Henry and Alice have been popular for 1,000 years. Why did the English copy their invaders?
The date 1066. William the Conqueror. King Harold with the arrow in his eye. Soldiers in those nose-protector helmets.
But many people will struggle to come up with more than these sketchy facts about how the Normans invaded England and overthrew the Anglo-Saxons on one bloody day almost a millennium ago.
But it was then the seeds were sown for the English language as it is today, including names.
"If you ask where did the Normans come from and what was their impact, most people run out of steam pretty quickly," says historian Robert Bartlett of the University of St Andrews.
"It's not like the Tudor era, which people are much more familiar with thanks to TV dramas and historical novels."
Further wreathing the 11th Century in mystery, says Professor Bartlett, is how unfamiliar the names of the Anglo-Saxon protagonists are to modern ears - Aethelred, Eadric, Leofric.
By contrast, the names of the Norman conquerors quickly became popular, and remain common to this day - William, Robert, Henry, Alice, Matilda.
Back in time with the BBC Prof Robert Bartlett presents BBC Two's The Normans, starting 4 August, 2100 BST
Other documentaries will focus on King Arthur, the Domesday Book, Norman walks and chapels Catch up with The Normans on iPlayer Norman walks and children's activities
As these French-speaking, wine-drinking, castle-building conquerors swiftly took over England and intermarried with Anglo-Saxon women, it was not just newborns named in their honour.
"The ruling elite set the fashion and soon William was the most common male name in England, even among peasants. A lot of people changed their names because they wanted to pass in polite society - they didn't want to be mistaken for a peasant, marked out with an Anglo-Saxon name."
Look at baby name league tables today, and the Old English name of Harold languishes far below the French-derived Henry in popularity. William, meanwhile, was the second most popular name for boys 200 years ago, the most popular 100 years ago and has held its place in the top 10 in England and Wales since 2000.
In Scotland, where the fiercely independent rulers invited Norman lords in but refused to assimilate in the way the English had, the name William maintains a respectable mid-table result at number 34 (20 places above Robert in the most recent baby names list).
William, Alice, Robert For a long time after 1066, English boys were named after William the Conqueror
William means 'resolute protector'
Other Norman-era names like Alice and Robert remain popular
But not Norman itself, except as surname Surnames may reveal your family history
It soon became necessary to distinguish between all these Williams and Roberts, and so the Norman tradition of surnames was adopted. As well as family names derived from one's occupation, surnames with the prefix Fitz date from Norman times.
"Fitz comes from the French 'fils', meaning 'son of'. So Fitzsimmons once meant 'son of Simon' and Fitzgerald 'son of Gerald," says Prof Bartlett, whose own first name Robert is solidly Norman in origin.
And it is a legacy of the Normans that modern English has many words with similar meanings, as French words were assimilated into everyday language. The same goes for the long-standing association of all things French with the upper classes, and all things Anglo-Saxon with coarseness.
"Pig is English in origin, pork is French. Sheep is English, mutton is French. Cow is English, beef is French. When it's in a cold and muddy field covered in dung, it's named in English. When it's been cooked and carved and put on a table with a glass of wine, it's referred to in French."
When it's in a muddy field, it's named in English. When it's cooked and served with wine, it's named in French Robert Bartlett Norman history
Not only was there an almost immediate impact on English names and language, the landscape changed rapidly as the new Norman elite set about building stone castles and churches across the land - robust defensive structures like nothing seen before on these shores.
And just as few traces of the less permanent Anglo-Saxon structures remain today, the same goes for Old English.
"English was scarcely written down in this time - writing acts as a brake, and a language that isn't written down changes much faster. The grammar simplified, case endings were lost, and many French words were absorbed," says Prof Bartlett.
Within 150 years of 1066, English had changed almost beyond recognition. "Just think of pre-Norman texts such as Beowulf or Anglo-Saxon laws - you must study Old English to be able to read these. But by the time of Chaucer or Shakespeare, it's a lot more familiar."
Even their names are reassuringly familiar (and Norman in origin) - Geoffrey and William.
Facebook is testing another new product that looks and feels very similar to — you guessed it — Snapchat.
The social network built a new camera and messaging feature that Facebook says will let users “share moments as they happen and express yourself more.” The camera includes a number of optional special effects like facial masks, and once a photo or video is opened you'll have 24 hours to respond to it otherwise it'll disappear.
Stop us if you've heard this before.
Yes, this new camera sounds a lot like Snapchat's disappearing messages, which shouldn't be a surprise given how many times Facebook has tried to copy Snapchat's ephemeral messaging product in the past.
What's different this time is that Facebook built this product into its flagship app — the app with 1.7 billion users. Previous efforts to capture the Snapchat magic were presented as standalone apps like Poke and Slingshot. This new camera even comes with a separate inbox inside the core Facebook app, which means you don't need to use Messenger to send these photos and videos back and forth.
The camera is just a test, and it's only available in Ireland for now. But it's not difficult to read between the lines. Ever since spurning CEO Mark Zuckerberg's acquisition attempt, Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel and Co. have emerged as Facebook's greatest threat for the next wave of mobile-friendly teenagers. And that's why Facebook and Instagram keep trying to replicate Snapchat's fun features, from facial filters to Stories to funky one-to-one messages.
This update appears to be more of the same.
If the camera looks familiar to you, it's because Facebook tested something like it right around the Olympics in a few international markets. That test was successful enough, or at least intriguing enough, to continue.
Hours after top-ranking LDS Church leaders made national headlines with a public acknowledgment that past Mormon leaders had “made mistakes” and a call for greater acceptance of Mormons who question controversial aspects of the faith, Church representatives turned away nearly two hundred Mormon women seeking stand-by tickets to a restricted men's-only session of the faith's semi-annual global conference.
Mormon women travelled from as far away as New York, Florida, and Germany to take part in the collective action organized by the group Ordain Women as a gentle and symbolic demonstration against pervasive gender segregation in LDS Church administration and leadership.
All observant men and boys over the age of 12 are eligible for ordination to the Mormon lay priesthood, and the Church's theological, liturgical, financial, and administrative decisions are made by an exclusively-male chain of command.
“I have heard from many women, ‘I see nothing wrong with the status quo. I feel equal,'” said Ordain Women founder Kate Kelly to a pre-demonstration gathering in a downtown Salt Lake City park. “To them I say: you can feel respected, supported and validated in the church, but equality can be measured. Equality is not a feeling. In our church men and women are not equal.”
After hymns and prayers, Ordain Women participants walked to elm-lined Temple Square, the heart of historic Mormonism and site of the Church's General Conference.
As men and boys streamed into the Tabernacle to take their seats for the evening meeting, women waited outside to ask for permission to enter. (For video, click here.)
One by one, the women stepped forward to speak with LDS Church representative Doug Peterson.
Kate Kelly approached first. “I understand that all men, even men who are not members of the church and have no investment in Mormonism, are permitted to attend,” she said. “I am a returned missionary and a faithful Mormon woman, and I would like to listen to the prophet in person.” Kelly was not permitted to enter.
“I've been waiting to ask this question a long time,” said white-haired Nadine Hansen of Cedar City, Utah, a lay scholar of Mormon theology and history, as she stepped forward to request access to priesthood session. Hansen smiled and shook hands with Peterson.
Other participants, like Stephanie Lauritzen of Salt Lake City, were turned away from the door of the historic Mormon Tabernacle with tears streaming down their cheeks.
A few minutes before the session's scheduled six o'clock start, maintenance crews parked a garbage truck between the line of waiting women and the Tabernacle door.
“I thought it was strange to have a truck weaving in and out of the traffic on Temple Square during Conference,” said Ordain Women participant Heather Olsen Beal of Nacogdoches, Texas.
When the truck pulled away, a church official had drawn a barrier across the Tabernacle doors.
Participants returned to a local park to listen to Conference on their cellphones—the first time in history that Church officials permitted broad media access to the event, a move some have characterized as a concession to ticket requests from Ordain Women leaders.
Inside the Tabernacle and the nearby Conference Center, rows of seats went unfilled.
Saturday's Ordain Women action has initiated an unprecedented conversation about power, leadership, and gender within the world of Mormonism. Mormon digital social networks teemed this weekend with debate over the action. For their part, several LDS Church leaders addressed gender issues during General Conference sessions, offering a mixed and sometimes uneven set of messages, with one Church leader caricaturing feminists as showing “outright contempt” for home and family.
The experience of being turned away from the Tabernacle, said Kate Kelly, “really encapsulated how we feel being excluded every single day. It embodied our daily, weekly, yearly struggle of not being equal in the church and being turned away from full experience and engagement in the gospel we love.”
“I knelt down to pray before I left,” said Lori LeVar Pierce of Columbus, Mississippi. “The message came to my mind is that ‘this is hard, but this is what you are here for, and now is the time.' I just felt warmth and support from the other side of the veil.”
“My entire adult life I have believed that there will come a time when women will be ordained in the LDS Church,” Pierce continued. “This is the first time I've been able to stand up and say so. And as I do stand up, I get many private messages of support from fellow Mormons—including people I don't expect.”
“After spending most of my life following social stigmas that silence Mormon women and compel us to feign that we love our exclusion, it was like a miracle to see so many women willing to openly express their righteous desires to fully participate in the church,” said Ordain Women participant April Young Bennett.
Nancy Ross, a professor at Dixie State University in St. George, Utah, who studies digital media and Mormon social movements, found in a post-event survey that the vast majority of Ordain Women supporters and participants surveyed—77%—attend church three times a month or more.
In a word: creepy. In another word: beautiful.
What would a Van Gogh painting look like as a life-like image? What would Van Gogh himself look like -- not as a series of impressionistic swirls, but as a common photograph? Lithuanian architect and photographer Tadao Cern wanted to find out -- so he digitally recreated one of the artist's most iconic self-portraits as a modern portrait. The result is haunting:
Tadao Cern
Compare that to the artist's actual self-portrait:
So, basically: The architect took one of the most rare things in the world -- a Van Gogh painting -- and "converted" it into one of the most banal: a selfie. But in the process, using contemporary tools, Cern also created a new form of art, one that takes the work of human hands and transforms it into something that could exist only in the digital realm. Here is -- generally -- how he did it:
Via Design Taxi
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Each of the world's 40,000 spider species survives by hunting and killing — except, that is, for Bagheera kiplingi, the world's first vegetarian arachnid.
Found in Central America, the order-defying jumping spider eats nutrient-rich structures called Beltian bodies, which are found on the tips of Acacia trees. Trees produce the bodies to feed ants that defend them, which is a textbook example of what's called co-evolutionary mutalism, and one that B. kiplingi has evolved to exploit.
In a paper published Monday in Current Biology, researchers describe the spider's ant-evading habits and provide a molecular analysis of its body composition, proving that B. kiplingi is indeed what it eats: plants, with a few larval ants on the side. (After all, 400 million years of evolutionary habits die hard.)
A few other spiders have been documented consuming nectar, but only as a snack. No other spider is so predominantly vegetarian. And that's not all: It looks like B. kiplingi males help care for eggs and young — something entirely unprecedented in the spider world.
The researchers are now studying whether there's a link between B. kiplingi's predilection for plants and parental concern. Maybe going veggie softened its heart.
Image: Current Biology
See Also:
Citation: "Herbivory in a spider through exploitation of an ant-plant mutualism." By Christopher J. Meehan, Eric J. Olson, Matthew W. Reudink, T. Kurt Kyser, and Robert L. Curry. Current Biology, Vol. 19, Issue 19, October 13, 2009.
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes; Wired Science on Twitter. Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points.
The Pretty Reckless have done it again. For the fourth straight week, the band's current single "Take Me Down" has emerged victorious in the Loudwire Cage Match, this time having bested A Day to Remember's "Naivety." Can they complete their run to the Cage Match Hall of Fame? One song stands in the way.
Sick Puppies showed earlier this year that a singer switch has not slowed them down one bit. Now digging into the second single off of their Fury album, the band deliver the more melodic and triumphant track "Where Do I Begin?." And look for the band playing the song on the Unleashed Tour with Skillet during the month of October .
Let's take a listen to both songs in the players below, then let us know if you want to see The Pretty Reckless finish out their Cage Match run with "Take Me Down" or if you're ready for Sick Puppies to start a run of their own with "Where Do I Begin?" Vote in the poll below.
(This Cage Match will run until Oct. 10 at 2PM ET. Fans can vote once per hour! So come back and vote often to make sure your favorite song wins!)
The Pretty Reckless, "Take Me Down"
Sick Puppies, "Where Do I Begin"
Rules of Cage Match:
Fans can vote once per hour for their favorite song. If a song remains the reigning champ for five straight cages matches, it is retired to the Loudwire Cage Match Hall of Fame. With so many great songs out there, we have to give other bands a chance!
A Pooler man has filed a lawsuit accusing a Chatham sheriff's deputy of using excessive force during an arrest in Effingham County, kicking him and breaking his jaw and back.
Anthony Oliver also accuses deputy Franklin R. Rollins Jr., who was acting as a U.S. Marshal during the Jan. 23 arrest, of striking his vehicle twice, totaling it and throwing Oliver's body camera into a pond.
Oliver said he had a body camera because he used it when he was a process server in California.
Oliver said the body camera was retrieved from the pond at the arrest site on Ga. 30 just north of Shellie Helmey Road in the Guyton area. Video from it shows someone grabbing the camera when Oliver is being arrested and throwing it into water.
"The video proves he (Rollins) was angry and it proves that he had something to hide," said Craig Bonnell, Oliver's attorney. "If there had been no misconduct, why get rid of the camera?"
Rollins did not immediately return messages seeking comment.
Chatham Sheriff John Wilcher said Oliver has "mental issues." "We did an internal investigation," Wilcher said. "Everything he alleges is untrue."
Wilcher said he doesn't know anything about Oliver's body camera being thrown into and recovered from a pond. "We had it in our evidence room," he said.
Oliver said two members of the Chatham Sheriff's Office told him that inmates were used to recover the camera from the pond. He said the Chatham Sheriff's Office returned the camera and video footage to him.
Bonnell said deputies from the Effingham County Sheriff's Office were on the scene when Oliver was arrested and their dash cams should show Rollins kicking Oliver and throwing his body camera into a pond.
Bonnell said the Effingham Sheriff's Office has not yet turned over video that would show the arrest.
"If Effingham can't or won't produce that video, it almost doesn't make a difference," Bonnell said. "It won't to a jury."
Oliver, 35, was arrested on a California warrant for missing an $81 payment on a drunken driving fine. Oliver said he already had been arrested twice on the same warrant regarding the $81 fine, spending about two weeks in the Chatham jail each time.
Oliver said he was late paying the fee because he was busy moving and dealing with Hurricane Matthew and it slipped his mind.
He said he had a court date of Feb. 13 on the issue and didn't know there was a warrant for his arrest on the same topic on Jan. 23.
The incident started at 9 a.m. Jan. 23, when Oliver pulled off of Ga. 21 in Port Wentworth to deal with a puppy he had in the car. A black pickup truck rammed his vehicle, causing "extreme" damage.
He said he got out of his car and saw the driver of the pickup pull a firearm on him. He said the man never identified himself as being in law enforcement and did not use sirens or lights on his vehicle.
Oliver got back in his car and drove off, calling 911 to report that he was being followed by a man with a gun in a black pickup truck. He said the 911 dispatcher told him not to pull over while she checked who might be following him.
Oliver turned on his emergency flashers and drove very slowly. After a few minutes, the dispatcher said the man in the pickup truck was a U.S. Marshal and Oliver should pull over for him.
He did, but before he completely stopped, Rollins rammed Oliver's car, totaling it.
Oliver said Rollins did not use a siren or flashing lights. He said several other law enforcement vehicles, which did have sirens and lights operating, joined the chase just as the dispatcher was telling him to pull over.
Oliver got out of the car and got on the ground, as Rollins and other law enforcement officers ordered him to do. He said Rollins kicked him with steel-toed boots, ripped off Oliver's body camera and threw it into a pond that was beside the arrest scene.
The lawsuit says Effingham sheriff's deputies stood by and did nothing as Oliver was beaten.
Oliver said he repeatedly asked for medical help, but it was nine hours before he saw a doctor at St. Joseph's/Candler Hospital.
The lawsuit in U.S. District Court is against Rollins, Chatham and Effingham counties, their sheriffs and 10 unidentified law enforcement officers who were on hand during the arrest. It asks for compensatory and punitive damages, legal fees, additional training of law enforcement officers, an FBI criminal investigation and federal grand jury indictments on civil rights violations.
Meanwhile, Oliver had a $3,500 English bulldog puppy in his car, which has disappeared. Oliver said a witness told him that a woman in a black SUV took the dog, which was named "Dolly."
Wilcher said he doesn't know anything about Oliver's puppy.
Oliver said his 2016 Volkswagen Jetta was totaled and his insurance won't pay for it because it happened during a police chase.
In Hebei, China, a teenager named Lui Shi Ching, 16 years old, has carried his friend to school daily for the last 8 years. His friend Lu Shao has a congenital disorder which makes it difficult for him to walk.
Eight years ago on a rainy day, Lu shao was stuck at school when his mom didn't come to pick him up. Lui Shi Ching, who was smaller than Lu Shao, decided to help and carried him home. Since then, he has carried Lu shao to and from school and even to restrooms.
Lui shi ching said in an interview: How did I carry him when he's so heavy? I was happy helping him out and it's been 8 years already.
Lui Shi Ching didn't brag about his good deeds too much; his parents didn't even find out until 4 years after he first helped out his friend.
Lu Shao mentioned in his diary that Lui Shi Ching's help has lifted a dark cloud in his life and let sunshine into it.
Official Fantasy Bundesliga Managers take note: bundesliga.com is on hand to provide likely line-ups as well as injury and suspension news ahead of Matchday 27.
Werder Bremen vs Schalke (Tuesday 20:00CEST/18:00GMT)
Click here for the Match Centre
Wing back Robert Bauer went off in the 5-2 win at Freiburg on Saturday and Santiago Garcia, the player who replaced him, is likely to start in his absence on Tuesday. Centre back Lamine Sane missed the weekend game after pulling up in the warm-up and he will sit out Werder's next two matches. Austrian midfielder Zlatko Junuzovic could earn a recall after missing the Freiburg game with flu but topscorer Serge Gnabry seems set to miss out again.
Watch: Highlights of the reverse fixture on Matchday 10:
A yellow card in stoppage time during the Revierderby - his 10th in 25 matches this season - means that Nabil Bentaleb is suspended for the trip to Bremen. While his place could go to Alessandro Schöpf or Max Meyer, the major worry is at left back.
Spanish full-back Coke is a major doubt after being thrust into the starting line-up for his Schalke debut against Borussia Dortmund due to Sead Kolasinac's absence. The former Sevilla player picked up a knock in his first game since suffering a cruciate ligament injury in the summer and Kolasinac, who has been complaining of an adductor problem, is rated doubtful for Tuesday as well. If they do not make it, Holger Badstuber could be required to complete a makeshift defence.
Werder Bremen: Wiedwald - Valjkovic, Caldirola, Moisander – Delaney – Gebre Selassie, Grillitsch, Junuzovic, Garcia – Kruse, Bartels.
Absentees: Fritz (ankle), Hajrovic (knee), Bargfrede (thigh), J. Eggestein (ankle), Bauer (ankle), Sane (groin)
Coach: Alexander Nouri
Schalke: Fährmann – Höwedes, Nastasic, Badstuber, Kehrer – Goretzka, Stambouli, Meyer – Choupo-Moting, Caligiuri – Burgstaller
Absentees: Baba (knee), Naldo (pelvis), Embolo (ankle), Aogo (ankle), Bentaleb (suspended)
Coach: Markus Weinzierl
Click here for a full match preview!
Voting is for White People: The Origins of Crosscheck
StrategyCamp Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 29, 2017
Image by Charlie Potter
It's been a long time since the White House has been this white.
The Trump Administration is funded, directed by and comprised of a network of unapologetic racists and white supremacists including Robert Mercer, Stephen Bannon, Steve Miller, Seb Gorka, Jeff Sessions, and Kris Kobach. These men represent just the tip of a very white iceberg.
And while there has never been a time when the federal government was not operating under the influence of White Power, there are times in which white supremacy has made giant leaps in their progress to legislatively and politically advance their agenda. This is one of them.
The Trump administration has brought with it a threat of white nationalism this nation has not experienced since the Golden Era of Eugenics and the Rise of Nazi Germany in the early 20th Century.
Eugenics, US Politics and Nazis
Born of the notion that the white race is superior to all other races and that all steps necessary should be taken to preserve that advantage, eugenic theory and political strategy is equally balanced by the idea that people of color and people living with disabilities are inferior and that every effort to remove them from the genetic and social gene pool should be aggressively pursued.
The term “eugenics” itself was coined in 1883 by Francis Galton, the cousin of Charles Darwin, and defined as “the science which deals with all influences that improve the inborn qualities of race; also with those that develop them to the utmost advantage.”
Eugenic theory immediately gained a foothold in scientific and political fields across the nation. Funded by power players such as the Carnegies and the Rockefellers, Eugenics laboratories and research centers were opened in universities across the nation. Their research was used to promote the passage of legislation geared at cleansing the nation of minorities including immigrants, people of color and people living with disabilities. So powerful were these efforts, they were adopted by white nationalists across the globe. Most notably, they were celebrated and formally adopted by Adolph Hitler and Nazi Germany.
Compulsory sterilization programs and the legislation used to spread them across the country, for example, were designed by American eugenicists, spread across the nation through conservative reform organizations, borrowed by German eugenicists, and celebratorily adopted by the Nazi party.
In 1926, a leading eugenicist by the name of Harry Laughlin co-founded the American Eugenics Society (AES). That same year, he published a piece called Eugenical Sterilization in the United States. Advocating for the sterilization of those deemed genetically unfit, Laughlin outlined a legal argument in favor of the passage of compulsory sterilization laws and provided an piece of sample legislations that could be used by states that wanted to adopt the practice. In the 15 years before Eugenical Sterilization in the United States was published, 12 states had passed compulsory sterilization laws. In the few years following Laughlin's publication, 18 states passed legislation modeled after his sample — and over 60,000 Americans were eugenically sterilized against their will.
The model law was so successful, it caught the attention of Nazis in Germany. They would go on to pass their own compulsory sterilization law in 1933 based on Laughlin's model and used it to forcefully sterilize 350,000 German citizens. For his part, Laughlin was awarded with an honorary doctorate from Heidelberg University in Germany in 1936 for his work on the “science of racial cleansing.”
Harry Laughlin co-found the Pioneer Fund the following year.
Mutating from AES into FAIR
Now boasting such donors as Charles and David Koch, the Pioneer Fund is currently one of the largest and most powerful donors to political eugenics and white nationalism in the United States. Through the Pioneer Fund, the torch of eugenic policy was passed from the American Eugenic Society to the Federation for American Immigration Reform, or FAIR.
FAIR was founded in 1979 by a renowned nativist and white nationalist by the name of John Tanton. Described as an “anti-immigration crusader” and “a strict a nativist who once wrote a paper titled ‘The Case for Passive Eugenics,'” Tanton openly professes the virtues of white supremacy and its importance in American policy. He argues, “I've come to the point of view that for European-American society and culture to persist requires a European-American majority, and a clear one at that.”
Tanton has been closely associated with members of the Klu Klux Klan, worked vigilantly against bilingualism, steers the white supremacist publication the Social Contract Press and published a formal article that asserts,
“To govern is to populate … Will the present majority peaceably hand over its political power to a group that is simply more fertile? … As Whites see their power and control over their lives declining, will they simply go quietly into the night? Or will there be an explosion?”
He was perfect for a role at the head of FAIR who's goals include the explicit assumption that “Reducing legal immigration from well over one million presently, to 300,000 a year over a sustained period will allow America to more sensibly manage its growth, address its environmental needs, and maintain a high quality of life. To make that happen, we work for policies that put the interests of American citizens ahead of big business and special interests demands.”
In other words, FAIR's goal is to eliminate immigrants and put America First. Sound familiar?
During the Reagan Era, FAIR incorporated the Immigration Law Reform Institute (ILRI) into its organizational structure and positioned it as the legal arm of FAIR. According to the ILRI website,
“Founded in 1986, the Immigration Reform Law Institute (IRLI) serves as a public-interest legal education and advocacy law firm, and supporting organization of the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR).
Our Mission
IRLI exists to defend the rights of individual Americans and their local communities from the harms and challenges posed by mass migration to the United States, both lawful and unlawful, to monitor and hold accountable federal, state, or local government officials who undermine, fail to respect, or comply with our national immigration and citizenship laws, and to provide expert immigration-related legal advice, training, and resources to public officials, the legal community, and the general public.
Our Vision
Our vision is a nation where our borders are secure, the American people are no longer disadvantaged and harmed by the deleterious effects of unlawful immigration, and legal immigration levels are set at a rate consistent with the national interest.”
One of the ILRI's most active and prized lawyers is Kris Kobach. He is also the person responsible for purging over 1 million minority voters from the system just before the 2016 election.
Cleansing the Vote by Purging Black and Brown Voters
A former fellow at the White House under Attorney General John Ashcroft and a professor at the University of Missouri-Kansas City Law School, Kobach had been making a name for himself in the early 2000s by promoting the use of trespassing laws against immigrants, encouraging local police to act as immigration enforcement officers and attempting to prevent immigrants from receiving in-state tuition. He had also spent a great deal of effort promoting voter caging, a strategic predecessor and often accompaniment to voter purging. He also gained notoriety by calling for military intervention at the border with Mexico at the 2004 Republican National Convention, during a failed run for a GOP seat in Congress.
For his efforts, Kobach was given the resources, connections, and authority to launch the Interstate Crosscheck System the following year. Elections in the United States would never be the same again.
According to Health of State Democracies,
“The Interstate Crosscheck system is a database used by officials…to identify voters potentially registered to vote in more than one state. States need a mechanism to maintain accurate voter rolls, but the states participating in the Interstate Crosscheck system risk purging legally registered voters — with a significant oversampling from communities of color — from the voting lists.
The system flagged roughly 7 million names of “potential double voters” prior to the 2014 election; however, since 2014, not a single person has been convicted of double voting pursuant to Crosscheck data.”
(To learn more about Crosscheck, read additional articles by SIIP and leading Crosscheck expert Greg Palast)
Crosscheck was strategically implemented by targeting Secretaries of State to adopt and implement the program. Through a signed Memorandum of Understanding, first network of Crosscheck states included Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska and Iowa. With the geographical heart of the United States under contract, the first voter purge was performed in 2006, and in 2007, Kobach was rewarded with a position as the Chair of the Kansas Republican Party.
In 2010, Kobach passed Arizona SB 1070, which has also been termed the “most racist law in modern American history.” This law, passed in Arizona, gave police the authority to demand proof of citizenship from anyone they suspect of being undocumented. It also granted authorities the right to stop, detain and jail citizens and non-citizens alike for not carrying the required paperwork. By election season of that same year, 13 states had signed on to the Interstate Crosscheck System.
And by the end of the 2010 elections, the Republican party had taken over the House of Representatives. For his part, Kobach was rewarded with a position as Kansas Secretary of State — a position he still holds today. By the 2014 elections, the number of Crosscheck states had exploded to 27 — over half of the states in the nation. And that year, the Republican Party took full control of Congress.
As the 2016 elections closed in on the nation, 30 states were contracted into the interstate crosscheck system, 7.2 million voters identified for purging and approximately 1.1 million voters were successfully purged, the GOP kept control of Congress and Donald Trump overthrew the White House.
As previously reported by SIIP,
“Without voter purging in key states, Donald Trump likely would not have won the 2016 presidential election. In Arizona, Trump probably would not have been able to secure the state's 11 electoral votes without purging almost 271,000 voters. The difference between candidates in this state is approximately 85,000. In Michigan, the difference between candidates vying for the state's 16 electoral votes was well under 11,000 — almost 450,000 voters had been purged. And in North Carolina, Trump won 15 electoral votes by approximately 177,000 votes. Close to 600,000 votes had to be purged from the system to accomplish this.”
While Kobach intends to remain in Kansas where he is considering a run for governor, he continues to advance his career and the agenda of both white nationalism and the Federation for American Immigration Reform. Kobach has served as an advisor to Donald Trump on issues such as voter fraud, the border wall, and the Muslim Ban.
The Interstate Crosscheck System remains intact. And the GOP prepares to cleanse millions of minorities from the voter rolls in the 2018 mid-term elections, where they will likely retain control of Congress — unless something is done to enforce the minority right to vote and dismantle Crosscheck.
While the threat to “Vote Them Out” has been used as a mantra to threaten the GOP to counter their political advancement, #TheResistance has yet to address or counter the deprivation of minority voting rights that allows the Crosscheck system to remain in place. White power advances by suppressing and removing minority rights. In order to stop them, these rights must be restored and programs like Crosscheck must be eliminated.
To find out how, click here.
News Academics unimpressed with Ottawa's new research fund
The Canada First Research Excellence Fund seems to be the Harper government's response to fierce criticism about its science policies. It was announced with much fanfare last week (although it had appeared in the spring budget) by Prime Minister Stephen Harper as an unprecedented investment to strengthen Canada's position in the world of science. But it came on the heels of an uproar in the scientific community over the imminent shuttering of a world-class science facility at the University of Ottawa, highlighting precisely what many critics believe is wrong with the Conservatives' approach to science. Au nom de la science (French)
Irrités par les interventions du gouvernement Harper, les scientifiques fédéraux ont concocté un répulsif inusité: des clauses à insérer dans leur convention collective. Reste à voir si le remède sera homologué.
More »
900 dolphins, 5,000 birds dead in Peru
Posted
Nearly 900 dolphins and at least 5,000 birds, mostly pelicans, have died off Peru's northern coast, the government has confirmed.
The country's northern beaches have been declared off-limits as scientists scramble to pin down what has caused such a massive death toll.
Non-government organisations blame oil exploration work.
But Peru's deputy environment minister Gabriel Quijandria disputed that, saying rising water temperatures, which disturb species' food supplies, were a possible cause.
He said although tests conducted on 877 dolphins found dead on the coast had not been completed, contamination from heavy metals or the presence of bacterial infections was not responsible.
It is probable the phenomenon "will extend to other coastal areas," Mr Quijandria said, noting there could be a resulting increase in the numbers of birds and other sea life killed.
The South American nation's health ministry declared an alert at the weekend, urging the public to stay away from the beaches around Lima and on the northern coast until the cause of the deaths is known.
One non-government conservation organisation, known as ORCA, has blamed the dolphin deaths on oil exploration activities in the area, which it claims produces noises which are having an acoustic impact on the mammals.
A representative from the group, Carlos Yaipen, said on Wednesday it had tested 30 dead specimens and found broken ears and damaged organs consistent with the victims suffering "the bends", also known as decompression sickness.
Weather expert Abraham Levy said on Tuesday the warming of the Pacific waters due to El Nino could be to blame.
AFP
Topics: animals, oceans-and-reefs, environment, peru
Transmageddon and Arista pursue simple transcoding
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN.net. If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it, your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive. Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net.
Christian Schaller's Transmageddon and Daniel Taylor's Arista are both easy-to-use video file conversion tools for GNOME, but they share more than just a vision for simple file transcoding. Rather than competing head-on (or attempting a merge), the two developers are collaborating in the middle; sharing information and utilizing the similar aims of their projects to strengthen the underlying GStreamer multimedia framework on which both code bases depend.
Schaller is a longtime GStreamer contributor; he started Transmageddon in March of 2009 for several reasons. First, as a personal exercise in developing in Python, but also as an attempt to find real-world areas of improvement for application developers using GStreamer, and to scratch a personal itch — the lack of an easy-to-use, GStreamer-based video transcoder. Said itch also prompted Taylor to start work on Arista, as a personal project in 2008, with its first public release in April of 2009. He discovered Transmageddon through Schaller's blog, and the two began discussing how best to proceed.
A variety of motives
That two developers independently decided to write simple GUI transcoding applications should come as no surprise. Video transcoding is increasingly in demand as more and more portable devices have the graphics hardware to support it and digital content distribution skyrockets. Command line encoders like FFmpeg and MEncoder can perform almost any conversion, but require the user to know exactly which options to enable, and, in most cases, demand that every codec switch be specified or else they fail to produce a usable result. That leads to obtuse (and extremely long) commands that are difficult to get right and even more difficult to troubleshoot. Several graphical transcoding applications have appeared for Linux desktops in recent years — Thoggen, OGMRip, K9Copy, AcidRip, dvd::rip, HandBrake, and WinFF, to name a few — but as both Taylor and Schaller commented, all have their shortcomings.
Some, like Thoggen, OGMRip, and Oggconvert, are limited to specific output codecs. Others, like dvd::rip, attempt to offer every option under the sun, making them difficult for casual users to use. "There are dozens of GUIs that are essentially the same confusing options with a nice graphical label. To me that doesn't really help," Taylor observed. "The point of Arista is not to be everything to everyone, just to be a simple way to transcode your media for various devices. That's it."
In addition, many of the existing transcoders are built as stand-alone front-ends, and offer little in the way of desktop integration. "Most of the other GUIs I've seen directly use FFmpeg (libavformat, libavcodec, etc)," said Taylor. "I wanted to make use of GNOME technologies to make a real GNOME app, which means using GTK+, GStreamer, Gconf, GIO, etc. Arista should fit into the desktop." Taylor said he has a few features in mind for future releases (such as subtitle and DVD menu support), but also hopes to add a D-Bus interface that will enable other applications to control Arista.
For Schaller, building a GUI transcoder is also a way to field test GStreamer. He mentioned the possibility in a 2008 blog post, speculating that such a small-scale application could be used to "test and make sure our muxers and encoders keep working" better than a more complex tool like a video player or editor. So far, he said, a few bugs may have been discovered, but the more important benefits are from testing GStreamer features that have not been used before — such as property presets, which allow the application to set bundles of individual encoder settings by name (either for encoder profiles like H.264 Baseline, or to target specific hardware devices).
The benefits extend beyond the existing code to other applications, Schaller added:
The other thing we are doing as part of this is to try to figure out what kind of higher level encoding and transcoding API could be useful to application developers. ... One of GStreamer's goals is to make things as easy as possible for developers, so packaging some of the steps we take in our applications into some C helper APIs is probably a good idea.
Collaboration and divergence
After Schaller and Taylor touched base, they decided to stay in close touch and share code whenever possible, but to take their respective applications on slightly different paths. Taylor would take the conservative, end-user-oriented approach, making sure that Arista would always run on the current release of Ubuntu. Schaller would try to more closely track the development version of GStreamer, including reliance on GStreamer features not yet available downstream. That way, there will always be a transcoder available for and usable by "non-techies" in Arista, and Transmageddon can serve as a test bed for new features.
The cross-project collaboration is already reaping rewards. Schaller says that he has incorporated Arista's existing preset support into Transmageddon, and is extending it using some bleeding-edge changes from the development version of GStreamer. Once the Linux distributions are shipping the next update of GStreamer, the plan is to roll Transmageddon's improved preset support back into Arista.
The projects are also helping GStreamer. They are accumulating a collection of presets that will be valuable to other applications, have uncovered bugs in the capabilities system, and exposed that GStreamer needs a better encoder and decoder for the Adaptive Multi-Rate (AMR) audio format.
Schaller said he is also planning on turning his notes on the development process into a guide for others:
I have decided to try to use my experience with doing Transmageddon to write a series of tutorials for developing python applications with GStreamer. I think applications like PiTiVi Jokosher , Arista and Transmageddon prove that you can do quite complex applications quite easily using Python, we just need some more basic tutorials to give more Python developers the entry point into GStreamer that they need to get started.
Test drive
You can download both applications and try them out to compare. Transmageddon is available from Schaller's web site as a source code package and as an RPM package. The latest release is 0.9, from May 3, 2009. It does require Python and a development branch of GStreamer, though, which may place it out of reach for most users.
Arista is available for download from the project's Launchpad site. The most recent version is 0.9.1, also from May 3. A source code package is provided, as is an ArchLinux build through the ArchLinux User-community Repository (AUR), and those running Ubuntu 9.04 can add Taylor's Personal Package Archive (PPA) to their Apt repositories list and install the application through the package manager. 0.9.1 also requires Python and GStreamer, but only GStreamer 0.10, which is widely available.
Arista allows the user to select source videos in any encoding and file type readable by GStreamer (including DVD content), and select an output format — including presets configured for a range of portable hardware devices. Beyond that, there is little to the interface but a progress bar estimating the time remaining in the transcoding job and a two-frame-per-second preview window useful for monitoring the output.
Other transcoders offer far more options, but at the cost of far more complexity. Users must often know the audio and video codecs, output width and height, frame rate or bit rate, and many other options. Arista and Transmageddon make the job drastically simpler merely by abstracting away all of those details in device presets — the correct settings are still chosen, but the confusion and chance for human error are not. It will be interesting to watch the projects evolve in the months ahead; the notion of a simple-to-use video transcoder is appealing, but even more appealing is what can happen when that functionality is available to other desktop applications through D-Bus.
In March, on the five-year anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, the nation's major news outlets reflected on the war and what led us to the half-decade mark. But few evaluated their own roles in the disaster that has maimed countless Iraqis and U.S. troops, killed hundreds of thousands and, according to economists Linda Blimes and Joseph Stiglitz, could ultimately cost up to $3 trillion.
Fortunately, two new books do examine the media's role. Greg Mitchell's So Wrong for So Long: How the Press, the Pundits – and the President – Failed on Iraq (Union Square, March 2008) lays out a timeline of the media's damning missteps, while When the Press Fails: Political Power and the News Media from Iraq to Katrina (University of Chicago, May 2007), co-authored by W. Lance Bennett, Regina G. Lawrence and Steven Livingston, shows how these missteps are not aberrations, but byproducts of the American press.
In So Wrong, Mitchell, the editor at Editor & Publisher, collects and updates 79 of his columns from January 2003 to November 2007. The result: a history of the war as told through the mainstream media prism. Readers are painfully reminded of all the “turning points” cited by war proponents and their counterparts in the press – from “Mission Accomplished” to Gen. David Petraeus' troop surge.
Mitchell offers gut-wrenching stories about the war that many Americans likely didn't read about, much less see on television, such as the story of 27-year-old Army Spc. Alyssa Peterson, who shot herself with her service rifle after objecting to Army interrogation techniques in a prison in Tal Afar, in northwestern Iraq.
His columns on soldier suicide and on “solatia” – the U.S. military's practice of financially compensating Iraqis for physical damage or a loss of life – are haunting, leaving us to wonder why the general public didn't see more work of this caliber.
But while So Wrong describes the who, what and where of the media's Iraq meltdown, it doesn't offer much insight into the why. Aside from Mitchell's powerful introduction, which argues the press didn't approach the Bush administration's claims with enough skepticism, he doesn't elaborate on the structural reasons the media fell down on the job.
That's where When the Press Fails is useful. The book, though written in an academic tone, offers a blistering critique of the “operating practices of American journalism,” which the authors say “have grown entwined with power and officials.”
The authors, all professors of political science or public affairs, argue that America's “semi-independent” press is largely reactive, working within the “sphere of official consensus.” Journalists cover what the administration does and says, and how critics inside-the-beltway respond. In other words, political controversy, rather than public deliberation, is the name of the game.
When elite opinion shapers engage in vigorous and substantive debate, the authors say the press does a good job at reflecting that and nurturing a deliberative public. But when the public needs it most – say, when critical debate within government is most limited, like in the run-up to the Iraq War – the press often fails.
Both books explore the rise in critical coverage as the war dragged on, noting that by summer 2006, there was more solid reporting on the horrors of the Iraq War, including blockbuster stories like the Washington Post's exposé of CIA black sites and the New York Times' reporting on domestic spying.
But despite the more aggressive stance, the lack of coverage of two recent events proves the press is still failing on Iraq, even if it has improved overall. In March, both the Pentagon memo refuting an al Qaeda/Saddam Hussein link (again) and the Winter Soldier veterans' hearings in Washington, D.C., got virtually no play in the mainstream press, with few exceptions.
So, is American journalism simply doomed?
Not quite.
Both books thankfully offer a way forward. Mitchell suggests that journalists be held accountable. He notes that “few of those who promoted the war … have lost any standing in the media.” He also advises the press to be rigorously skeptical of and fully critique dubious official claims.
Bennett, Lawrence and Livingston argue that a “new news standard” based on four key principles – from serving the public interest to using techniques other than political conflict to explore government policy – could foster a more democratic press. They admit that a rethinking of the journalistic profession would be “fraught with difficulty,” but note that the current faulty standards didn't magically appear, but were the product of media self-examination.
As the media's poor performance on the Iraq War makes clear, another such self-exam is due, stat.
SAN JOSE, Calif. – The San Jose Earthquakes and Pivot Marketing Agency announced that BMW Northern California will be the official automobile partner of the Earthquakes and BMW will serve as the presenting sponsor of the inaugural match at Levi's Stadium between the Earthquakes and Seattle Sounders FC on Aug. 2.
“We couldn't be happier to announce our partnership with BMW,” said Earthquakes President Dave Kaval. “They are an industry leader and we have built out a great fan-friendly partnership with them. We are proud to have them as the presenting sponsor of the historic first official event at Levi's Stadium on Aug. 2. We are looking forward to a memorable event.”
In addition to serving as presenting sponsor of the match on Aug. 2, BMW will also have vehicle displays at Earthquakes home games throughout the season. BMW dealerships around the Bay Area will host 10 Ticket Test-Drive events during the 2014 season. Fans who test drive a BMW during those 10 events will receive two free tickets to a future Earthquakes home game. An Earthquakes player will be present at all 10 events.
The first dealership event took place July 12 at BMW Fremont and featured U.S. national team star Chris Wondolowski, who recently returned home from the 2014 FIFA World Cup, and midfielder Khari Stephenson.
“BMW of Northern California is thrilled to partner with the Earthquakes for the inaugural event at Levi's Stadium,” said Donna Gebers, Chair of the Bay Area BMW Coop. “In light of the 2014 World Cup, it's a very exciting time for soccer in the United States, and we're proud to be a part of it.”
The partnership will also include significant signage and media rights for BMW.
The hyoid is the only bone in the body that doesn't connect directly with any others. One of its functions is to anchor the back of the tongue, so it plays a crucial role in speech and swallowing
The hyoid is the only bone in the throat. It is also the single bone in the body that doesn't connect directly with any others, being anchored instead by ligaments and muscles. It is composed of a central portion called the body, flanked on each side by the greater and lesser cornu. If you run your finger backwards from your chin to the point where your head meets your neck and press gently, you will be able to feel the resistance of your own hyoid bone.
One of its functions is to anchor the back of the tongue while the rest is free to move. For this reason, it plays a crucial role in speech and swallowing. The hyoid also protects the fragile tissues of the larynx and pharynx.
Although the hyoid doesn't often get seriously injured, it may break after trauma to the neck. It is a macabre statistic that in a postmortem study of a group of people murdered by strangulation, one third of victims were found to have fractured hyoids.
But most head-and-neck surgeons come into contact with the hyoid bone while performing something known as a Sistrunk's operation. During embryological development, the thyroid gland starts life at the back of the tongue before finding its correct position in the neck. In some people, there is an abnormal remnant of this early journey, known as a thyroglossal duct. Cysts may develop anywhere along its course and appear as a painless lump in the mid line of the neck. Surgical removal is the best treatment and, in order to prevent recurrence, it is necessary to cut out a core of tissue running from the base of the tongue to the thyroid, including the central portion of the hyoid bone.
Gabriel Weston is a surgeon and author of Direct Red: A Surgeon's Story.
What would Hermione say? JK Rowling has revealed that she "seriously" considered killing Ron Weasley "out of sheer spite" while she was writing the Harry Potter series.
Although the British author has not been shy about handing out sorry ends to a host of popular characters – from Hogwarts's white-bearded headmaster Albus Dumbledore, who bites the dust in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, to Harry's owl Hedwig, who dies in the final novel – she never intended to kill one of her three main characters until, halfway through the series, she "wasn't in a very happy place". And it was the cheeky, ginger-haired Ron Weasley, best friend to Harry, love interest for Hermione, over whom the axe was hovering.
"Funnily enough, I planned from the start that none of them would die. Then midway through, which I think is a reflection of the fact that I wasn't in a very happy place, I started thinking I might polish one of them off. Out of sheer spite. 'There, now you definitely can't have him any more.' But I think in my absolute heart of hearts, although I did seriously consider killing Ron, [I wouldn't have done it]," she told the actor Daniel Radcliffe, who plays Harry Potter in the films and who was "convinced one of the main three had to buy it".
Rowling was being interviewed by Radcliffe for a special feature for the Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 DVD, which has been leaked online ahead of the DVD's release later this year.
"It's a real relief to be able to talk about it all," the author added.
Fans were also relieved to learn of her change of heart. "Ron cannot die because he's Hermione's true love," said one, writing on The Leaky Cauldron fan site. "Well she killed off three of my favourites: Sirius, Snape and Dobby so I suppose I should be grateful she didn't kill Ron," added another.
Occupy: A First Step Towards a Revolution of Our Collective Consciousness
When talking to people who are not involved or even informed about the Occupy movement-thanks to the lack of coverage by mainstream corporate controlled media outlets-they still feel that something out of the ordinary is going on. Even some people belonging to the so-called “intelligentsia” are cynical about a movement which they view as at best ineffective or at worst completely naive. Some sees Occupy as a flash back to the hippie years of Woodstock & the “peace and flower movement” of the late 1960s. By doing so, the cynics are missing the big picture which is that the Occupy movement is constantly defining and re-defining itself in a remarkably organic way. Occupy is in constant flux, and it is one of its greatest quality and strength. If in the United States, the accent has been put strictly on peaceful protests and civil disobedience, it could take more radical forms elsewhere-just like in Egypt or Syria.
Even in a country with no popular revolutionary tradition like the United States, some movements of the 60s were already pushing the envelop a lot further than the hippie agenda of “peace and love”. In the US, the two main more radical groups were the Black Panthers and the Weathermen of the Weather Underground. Both organizations were crushed and criminalized by a police apparatus which has never tolerated real dissent. Will those types of groups re-incarnate themselves in the big ideological tent that is the occupy movement? It is a pressing issue, but it is impossible to forecast. Occupy is not ideologically monolithic, it is so far a mosaic of personalities and ideologies. It combines neo-Anarchists, neo-Marxists, Libertarians and followers of non-violent protest doctrines defined by Gandhi and Martin Luther King. But can advocates of peaceful protest, neo-Anarchists and neo-Marxists work together to define common grounds, strategies and tactics? Or will such disparities be the kiss of death for Occupy?
While the adamant supporters of non-violent actions represent the essence of the movement and its ultimate goal to define a better global society, they might be a bit naive to think that the 1 percent- or more accurately the 0.01 percent-will just give up their wealth and power without a fight exercising, if needed, the most brutal form of repression. Power- either private or public- doesn't care about ideology, moral or ethics. The ruling class, either in the United States, Syria, Egypt, France or Russia is only concerned about one thing: preserving their power at all cost. It is naive to think that Vladimir Putin is just going to walk away, just like it was naive to think that the al-Assad brothers in Syria would willingly give up their dictatorial grip of the country. The only rule and logic for the powerful is to stay in power. In other words, so few people have a lock on real management of global affairs that violent clashes seem to be unfortunately unavoidable to move the dial in the right direction.
However, it is unlikely to happen in the United States where the population has been beaten into submission for centuries, but it is a completely different story elsewhere. It is unfolding in the Middle-East where violence is on the agenda, some countries in Europe are also prime candidates for such radicalization. It is especially the case for the ones with a history of successful revolutions such as Russia and France.
The global Occupy movement is still in its infancy, and it is so far defining itself more by what it doesn't want than by trying to establish development model alternatives “written in stone”. Even people who do not want to see the reality of a broken system crumbling in front of our eyes know intuitively that we have entered a period of massive shift. Something which can not be compared with any historical model, and for this reason defying most people understanding. Occupy is one of the engine behind this giant shift, and it is likely to mutate and evolve in the coming months or years. If the few controlling the global wealth and power would be willing to give it up to the 99 percent without a fight, than this revolution of our collective consciousness could be peaceful and bloodless. But it is, unfortunately, unlikely to be the case in our current world where wealth and power call the shots regardless of any rules or moral concerns.
Editor's Note: All photographs by Empanada Paris.
Height can play a role in what moves a wrestler should keep in his arsenal. A sensible practice routine should focus particularly on the repetition of moves that are more likely to succeed for a wrestler's particular height. This is especially true of takedowns, since both wrestlers are on their feet, making height a factor, as compared to moves on the mat, when both wrestlers are no longer standing and height is essentially neutralized. Both tall and short wrestlers can be effective as long as they learn to use their frame to their advantage.
Single Leg
The “single leg” takedown comes in many forms, but in the "low single leg," the shorter wrestler uses his lower center of gravity and lower stance to lunge for his opponent's leg from an outside angle. The “outside angle” means the attacking wrestler steps to the outside of the target leg, grabbing the heel while driving the shoulder just below the knee, with his head to the inside of the leg. The shoulder drive is important to finish the move because it throws the opponent off balance, causing him to go to the mat right away, or, if not, then allowing the leg to be picked up so the attacking wrestler can then force him to the mat.
High Crotch
The “high crotch” is another type of single leg takedown that can be effective for shorter wrestlers. While clinched with an opponent, the wrestler changes levels while throwing his opponent's nearside arm past him as he shoots in, and throwing his own arm high on the inside of the opponent's leg. The shooter finishes by lifting and rotating his opponent to the mat. When this move is executed perfectly, the lifting step is unnecessary, as the momentum of the initial part of the move causes the opponent to fall flat to the mat, while the shooter merely rotates around him to a control position.
Fireman's Carry
The “fireman's carry” is a takedown that is set up just like the high crotch, but instead of throwing the opponent's arm by, the shooter pulls the arm in tight under his own armpit. The shooter still throws his other arm high on the inside leg, and from his knees, sweeps his legs towards the opponent while pulling hard on the grasped arm until the opponent hits the mat. As the name suggests, the opponent is briefly draped over the shooter's shoulders while the shooter grasps the same-side arm and leg, similar to how a fireman would carry someone.
Duck-Under
The duck-under is a move that allows the shorter wrestler to exploit the height difference without shooting on the legs. While in a clinch, the shooter throws his opponent's arm by as in the high crotch or the fireman's takedoen, but instead of drop stepping, the shooter turns outward, ducks his head under the arm, then turns back inward to gain control of his opponent. The shooter then finishes the move by forcing the opponent down to the mat. As with the high crotch, with perfect execution the momentum of the move often results in the opponent on the mat already.
Thursday's UEFA Women's Champions League final could be bittersweet no matter what for Lyon.
The 10-time defending French champions confirmed this week that forward Lotta Schelin and midfielder Louisa Necib will leave the club this offseason. All-world midfielder Amandine Henry previously announced that she is leaving Lyon after nine years to join Portland Thorns FC in the National Women's Soccer League.
Thursday's UEFA Champions League final against Wolfsburg will be the final match for all three players at Lyon, which is aiming for a third European crown. Wolfsburg defeated Lyon in the 2013 final to claim the first of its back-to-back crowns.
[PREVIEW: Lyon, Wolfsburg aim for third UWCL title in Italy on Thursday]
Henry was formally announced as a Portland Thorns signing in March and she will join the club in June. She said in a story published this week that she chose the new adventure of playing in the U.S. in large part because of the competitive matches week in and week out, something she doesn't get in France, where Lyon and PSG are figuratively in their own league, with PSG always challenging for but never winning the league title.
One interesting wrinkle to Lyon's future plans came this week via team chairman Jean-Michel Aulas, who stated that he would do anything possible to sign U.S. striker Alex Morgan.
.@JM_Aulas: ''Signing @alexmorgan13 will be difficult and complicated because her husband plays in the MLS.'' pic.twitter.com/faYC5uMATP — Football 24/7 (@Foetbal247TBG) May 23, 2016
Aulas previously stated that U.S. players would be coming to Lyon for next season.
“OL will have a very international team next season. Several U.S. players will join us,” Aulas said in March.
Reached by this journalist, Morgan's agent, Dan Levy, said it was the first he had heard of Aulas' comments. Morgan just joined NWSL expansion team Orlando Pride in October, citing the desire to live with her husband — a midfielder for MLS' Orlando City SC — as a driving factor in the move.
The 32-year-old Schelin said that a return to Sweden lies ahead for her so she can be closer to family, but exactly where she will land remains unclear. Swedish champion Rosengård has expressed interest, but Göteborg is reportedly the front-runner to land Schelin.
Necib's next destination — if anywhere — is unclear.
Lyon earlier this year re-signed Eugénie Le Sommer through 2019.
[MORE: Kim Little wins BBC player of year award | Henry ready for NWSL parity]
What's it
like to be
an animal ?
If you're six feet tall, 10 miles per hour probably doesn't feel very fast. But what if you were just six inches tall, like a squirrel? Relative to the size of your body 10 mph would be quite a bit faster. This site shows the top speeds of animals, and how fast they would be going if they were your size (ie, what their speed feels like to them).
Animals: land air water insect Your height: 122 cm 124 cm 127 cm 130 cm 132 cm 135 cm 137 cm 140 cm 142 cm 145 cm 147 cm 150 cm 152 cm 155 cm 157 cm 160 cm 163 cm 165 cm 168 cm 170 cm 173 cm 175 cm 178 cm 180 cm 183 cm 185 cm 188 cm 191 cm 193 cm 196 cm 198 cm 201 cm 203 cm feet meters Graph: top speed feels like Imagine what it's like for a tiny insect to jump and fly as quickly as they do. They might cover 40 body lengths in a second. To a six-foot person that's 164 mph. This site tries to understand how it feels to move like a fly, a squirrel, a cat, a rhinocerous, or a falcon.
Insects
PEORIA — Looks like the Great Peoria Portillo's Saga of 2018 might have a happy ending after all.
A tentative deal appears to salvage hopes of constructing along Sterling Avenue an outlet of the Chicago-style fast-food giant, according to 4th District City Councilman Jim Montelongo.
The deal would preserve the 1 percent extra sales tax to be charged at Portillo's. But the deal limits the amount of money the tax can provide developer Willie Torchia, upon whose land the restaurant is to be constructed.
The cap is $650,000, Montelongo said Tuesday night. Based on revenue projections of $6 million annually, it would take a little more than 10 years for that amount to be paid. More or less revenue would adjust that timetable accordingly.
The proposed Portillo's location is in Montelongo's district.
The original plan for a Portillo's special service area was a 30-year tax term. Under the new plan, the tax ends if Torchia sells the property while it's in effect.
“We thought this was a fair deal for Peoria, for the taxpayers,” Montelongo said.
A council hearing is expected Nov. 14, with a final vote likely to ensue.
The proposed Portillo's location is in Montelongo's district.
Montelongo said he spoke with nine of his council-voting colleagues, which include Mayor Jim Ardis. The plan has the support of the majority, Montelongo said.
An apparent lack of majority support last week for the original special-tax plan might have scuttled Portillo's construction.
The chain known for its hot dogs and Italian beef and sausage sandwiches appeared not to be considering Peoria-area locations other than the one wedged between Northwoods and Westlake shopping centers.
City Manager Patrick Urich and his assistant, Chris Setti, negotiated with Torchia the past few days, according to Montelongo.
Portillo's confirmed officially in October what had been rumored for months — that it was planning to open a Peoria location. That opening was contingent on council approval of the special tax.
The tax is to be charged only at that Portillo's and is designed to help Torchia recoup his investment, which is reported to be about $5.5 million.
Once Portillo's opens, annual sales are projected to be between $4 million and $8 million, according to Montelongo.
“It means so much for that area there,” he said about the effect Portillo's might have on nearby businesses. “There's going to be a lot more positive momentum, and I think business breeds more business.”
Nick Vlahos can be reached at 686-3285 or nvlahos@pjstar.com. Follow him on Twitter @VlahosNick.
Trump administration moves to reverse policy tied to Obamacare that would allow many religious groups to stop providing contraception coverage
The Trump administration has drafted a federal rule that would allow many religious employers to stop providing contraception coverage in company healthcare plans, the result of a “religious freedom” executive order signed by Donald Trump earlier this month.
The rule, as first reported by the New York Times, would overturn one of the most controversial policies to result from the Affordable Care Act: a mandate for most employers to provide birth control coverage at no additional cost to their workers.
The text of the rule, which is in the “interim final” stage, is not yet publicly available. But it could take effect as soon as the administration chooses to publish the rule in the federal register.=
The so-called contraception mandate, which the Obama administration adopted as part of its enforcement of the healthcare law, was the target of dozens of lawsuits by employers who claimed that it violated their religious beliefs.
Trump laid the groundwork for rolling back the mandate early this month when he signed an executive order directing his administration “to address conscience-based objections” to preventive care for women.
At the 4 May signing ceremony, in the White House rose garden, he singled out for special praise the Little Sisters of the Poor. The group, a religious order of nuns, was the face of the legal challenge to the contraception mandate before the supreme court.
‘Please, I am out of options': inside the murky world of DIY abortions Read more
“With this executive order, we are ending the attacks on your religious liberty,” Trump said.
Immediately upon Trump's signing, reproductive rights advocates vowed legal action against any attempts to undo the contraception mandate.
The Little Sisters of the Poor led scores of religious employers in suing over the contraception mandate.
Under the ACA, popularly known as Obamacare, the Obama administration made it a requirement for employee healthcare plans to offer coverage for a range of contraceptive devices and services.
However, the administration offered an exemption for employers with a religious mission who opposed contraception on moral grounds. To claim that exemption, an organization simply had to notify the health department that it would not cover contraception.
Yet many religious groups objected to even notifying the government that they didn't intend to cover contraceptives. In a legal battle before the supreme court, the Little Sisters of the Poor argued that notifying the government was tantamount to providing contraception coverage, because the government would act on that notification to make alternate arrangements for coverage.
The court declined to rule on the principles at the heart of the case and instead directed the government and the Little Sisters to reach a compromise.
The contraception mandate took effect in August 2012. While it is not clear how many women gained contraception coverage as a result, the mandate is responsible for a sharp drop in out-of-pocket spending on contraception. A recent, nonpartisan poll found that a majority of women would struggle to afford birth control with a copay.
Early research has also associated the contraception mandate with a historic drop in the US abortion rate that occurred in 2014.
Trump and top members of his administration have long sworn to do away with the mandate. It was one of the first promises Mike Pence made as vice-president-elect. And Tom Price, the head of the health department, is hostile to the idea that some women require assistance to pay for birth control, once challenging a reporter to “bring me one woman” who struggled to afford contraception.
The Trump administration has not clarified whether it will allow the typical period for public comment before it publishes its draft rule.
The ACA prohibits discrimination in the healthcare market based on gender, one possible reason that reproductive rights advocates could block the rule in court.
No player in the NBA has better handles than Boston Celtics superstar point guard Kyrie Irving.
His ability to beat defenders with a quick crossover, change speeds, stop on a dime and fadeaway, and finish at the basket is incredibly impressive.
The NBA, before Tuesday night's showdown between the Celtics and Raptors at Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, tweeted a video of Irving's best handles from every game this season.
Check out the highlights in the tweet below:
If previous Celtics-Raptors games from this season are any indication, Irving should have plenty more moves to add to his highlight reel after Tuesday's matchup. Irving is averaging 30.3 points and 11.7 assists on 60 percent shooting in three games against the Raptors this season.
Boston leads the season series 2-1 but has not won in Toronto since 2015.
Click here to download the new MyTeams App by NBC Sports! Receive comprehensive coverage of your teams and stream the Celtics easily on your device.
It's not easy to get 35 Republican senators to vote against defense spending -- unless hate crimes legislation is involved.
The Senate narrowly invoked cloture on Thursday, 64 to 35, on the defense authorization package with the bill named for Matthew Shepard attached. The bill, named for a gay Wyoming teenager who was kidnapped and beaten to death in 1998, makes it a federal crime to assault someone on the basis of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Senate Republicans conceded that the Shepard bill swung their votes against the defense package. "The bill includes hate crimes legislation, which I firmly believe is unnecessary, irresponsible, and certainly not germane to this bill," Saxby Chambliss of Georgia said. "There is little evidence that indicates that violent crimes motivated by hate go unpunished in the United States. Every single state has criminal laws that prohibit the antisocial behavior addressed by hate crimes legislation, including laws against rape, assault and battery."
Those are states' rights issues, said Chambliss. "I do not believe the federal government should interfere with the criminal laws already on the books in our states," he said.
John McCain decried the inclusion of the hate crimes provision as an "abuse of the Senate process," arguing that it was not germane to the broader defense authorization bill. But Sen. Carl Levin (D-Mich.) noted that this was nothing new -- the Senate has included hate crimes provisions in previous defense bills.
Only Sens. Dick Lugar of Indiana, George Voinovich of Ohio and Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine voted with Democrats to move the legislation to a final vote, which is expected Thursday night or Friday.
"I'm disappointed that Senate Republicans have decided that defeating hate crimes legislation takes precedent over supporting our troops," Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said in a statement. "It is outrageous and unacceptable that Senate Republicans would vote against pay raises for our troops, battlefield equipment upgrades and increased funding for veterans' health care as we continue to fight two wars. And they decided to do this all for the sake of stopping passage of landmark legislation that will bring justice to those who commit violent crimes based on bigotry and prejudice. What message does that send to our country and, more importantly, to our troops?"
Thirty Republicans also touched a nerve in a separate defense bill recently, when they voted against an amendment that would deny defense contracts to companies that ask employees, including rape victims, to sign away the right to sue. That time, they were actually joined in some of their concerns by the Department of Defense.
Taylor Swift's handsome brother Austin Swift is now a movie star, the singer announced the news on her Instagram account.
“My brother @austinkingsleyswift just acted in his first movie and I'm all proud and stuff,” Swift wrote on Instagram, along with a photo of his brother from what looked like one of the scenes from the movie. The picture shows Austin driving a car, wearing an unbuttoned white shirt with lose necktie hanging around it.
According to E! News, Austin is starring in a movie titled, “I.T.,” alongside Pierce Brosnan, Anna Friel and Stefanie Scott. Disney star Scott plays Brosnan's daughter, who is stalked by someone from the technology field.
The IMDb page of this John Moore-directed movie shows it as “under production.” Austin plays the character of Lance in the film, the page said, adding that the movie has a theme of “crime, drama and mystery.”
Brosnan both stars in and produces “I.T.,” where he plays a businessman, who comes to loggerheads with a young IT consultant to discover that he is using technology to threaten his personal and professional life. No release date is announced for the film yet, Deadline reported.
Swift is close to her younger brother and even attended his graduation ceremony at the University of Notre Dame in May. She later took Austin to Las Vegas, where he partied with many celebrities and posted the picture on his Twitter account. The picture shows Austin having fun with Ed Sheeran, Swift's rumored boyfriend Calvin Harris and One Direction's Louis Tomlinson and Niall Horan.
Austin, 22, is not very active on social media as his last post on Twitter dates back to Aug. 16, approximately the same time when he last updated his Instagram. According to a fan website of Swift, Austin was also a freelance photographer for Getty images and “some of his photographs of Taylor appear in publications like People magazine and Rolling stone Magazine.”
The Texans reached a deal with San Jose State running back Tyler Ervin on Thursday. The Texans reached a deal with San Jose State running back Tyler Ervin on Thursday. Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Image 1 of / 10 Captions Close Texans sign fourth-round pick Tyler Ervin 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
The third draft choice to sign with the Texans on Thursday is running back Tyler Ervin.
Ervin, the fourth-round pick from San Jose State, signed a four-year contract worth $2.877 million, including a signing bonus of $547,568.
The Texans drafted Ervin because of his 4.41 speed in the 40-yard dash and his versatility.
Ervin is a terrific runner, receiver and returner. The coaches are hoping he will solve their problem at punt and kickoff returner.
Ervin follows safety K.J. Dillon and nose tackle D.J. Reader, both of whom were fifth-round picks, as draft choices signing Thursday.
The World Heritage Committee, meeting in Doha (Qatar) under the Chair of Sheikha Al Mayassa Bint Hamad Bin Khalifa Al Thani, has today inscribed the following sites on the World Heritage List.
Erbil Citadel (Iraq) is a fortified settlement on the top of an imposing ovoid-shaped tell (a hill created by many generations of people living and rebuilding on the same spot) Located in the Kurdistan region, Erbil Governorate. A continuous wall of tall 19th century facades still conveys the visual impression of an impregnable fortress, dominating the city of Erbil. The Citadel features a peculiar fan-like pattern, dating back to Erbil's late Ottoman phase. Written and iconographic historical records document the antiquity of settlement on the site – Erbil corresponds to ancient Arbela, an important Assyrian political and religious centre – while archaeological finds and investigations suggest that the mound conceals the levels and remains of previous settlements.
Tomioka Silk Mill and Related Sites (Japan) is an historic sericulture and silk mill complex established in 1872 in the Gunma Prefecture north west of Tokyo. Built by the Japanese Government with machinery imported from France, it consists of four sites that attest to the different stages in the production of raw silk: production of cocoons in an experimental farm; a cold storage facility for silkworm eggs; reeling of cocoons and spinning of raw silk in a mill; and a school for the dissemination of sericulture knowledge. It illustrates Japan's desire to rapidly adopt the best mass production techniques, and became a decisive element in the renewal of sericulture and the Japanese silk industry in the last quarter of the 19th century. It marked Japan's entry into the modern, industrialized era, and propelled it to become the world's leading exporter of raw silk, notably to France and Italy.
Van Nellefabriek (Netherlands) was designed and built in the 1920s on the banks of a canal in the Spaanse Polder industrial zone northwest of Rotterdam. The site is one of the icons of 20th century industrial architecture, comprising a complex of factories, with facades consisting essentially of steel and glass, making large-scale use of the curtain wall principle. It was conceived as an “ideal factory”; open to the outside world, whose interior working spaces evolved according to need, and in which daylight was used to provide pleasant working conditions. It embodies the new kind of factory that became a symbol of the modernist and functionalist culture of the inter-war period and bears witness to the long commercial and industrial history of the Netherlands in the field of importation and processing of food products from tropical countries, and their industrial processing for marketing in Europe.
Historic Jeddah, the Gate to Makkah (Saudi Arabia) is situated on the eastern shore of the Red Sea. From the 7th century A.D. it was established as a major port for Indian Ocean trade routes, channeling goods to Mecca. It was also the gateway for Muslim pilgrims to Mecca who arrived by sea. These twin roles saw the city develop into a thriving multicultural centre, characterized by a distinctive architectural tradition, including tower houses built in the late 19th century by the city's mercantile elites, and combining Red Sea coastal coral building traditions with influences and crafts from along the trade routes.
The 38th session of the World Heritage Committee began on 15 June and will continue through to 25 June.
****
The work of the session can be followed daily via webcast.
UNESCO Media Contact in Doha
Sue Williams, +33(0)6 15 92 93 62 or +974 503 16609
s.williams(at)unesco.org
Hello, SUMO Nation!
How are you doing? Have you seen the First Inaugural Firefox Census already? Have you filled it out? Help us figure out what kind of people use Firefox! You can get to it right after you read through our latest & greatest news below.
If you just joined us, don't hesitate – come over and say “hi” in the forums!
LATEST ONE: 21st of September- you can read the notes here and see the video at AirMozilla.
21st of September- you can read the notes here and see the video at AirMozilla. NEXT ONE: happening on the 28th of September!
If you want to add a discussion topic to the upcoming meeting agenda: Start a thread in the Community Forums, so that everyone in the community can see what will be discussed and voice their opinion here before Wednesday (this will make it easier to have an efficient meeting). Please do so as soon as you can before the meeting, so that people have time to read, think, and reply (and also add it to the agenda). If you can, please attend the meeting in person (or via IRC), so we can follow up on your discussion topic during the meeting with your feedback.
PLATFORM REMINDER! The Platform Meetings are BACK! If you missed the previous ones, you can find the notes in this document. (here's the channel you can subscribe to). We really recommend going for the document and videos if you want to make sure we're covering everything as we go.
The Platform Meetings are BACK! If you missed the previous ones, you can find the notes in this document. (here's the channel you can subscribe to). We really recommend going for the document and videos if you want to make sure we're covering everything as we go. A few important and key points to make regarding the migration: We are trying to keep as many features from Kitsune as possible. Some processes might change. We do not know yet how they will look. Any and all training documentation that you may be accessing is generic – both for what you can accomplish with the platform and the way roles and users are called within the training. They do not have much to do with the way Mozilla or SUMO operate on a daily basis. We will use these to design our own experience – “translate” them into something more Mozilla, so to speak. All the important information that we have has been shared with you, one way or another. The timelines and schedule might change depending on what happens.
We started discussions about Ranks and Roles after the migration – join in! More topics will start popping up in the forums up for discussion, but they will all be gathered in the first post of the main migration thread.
If you are interested in test-driving the new platform now, please contact Madalina. IMPORTANT : the whole place is a work in progress, and a ton of the final content, assets, and configurations (e.g. layout pieces) are missing.
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? Please take a look at this migration document and use this migration thread to put questions/comments about it for everyone to share and discuss. As much as possible, please try to keep the migration discussion and questions limited to those two places – we don't want to chase ten different threads in too many different places.
Once again, and with gusto – SUUUUMO DAAAAAY! Go for it!
Final reminder: If you are using email notifications to know what posts to return to, jscher2000 has a great tip (and tool) for you. Check it out here
We are in the release week. What does that mean? (Reminder: we are following the process/schedule outlined here). No work on next release content for English; minor fixes for existing English content; please avoid setting edited articles to RFL unless it's critical (consult Joni or another admin). Localizers finish content localization and fix potential last-minute issues with release content – this has priority over other existing content (= non-current-release), that can be localized as usual.
The content to be localized with high priority can be found on this list.
for Android Version 49 is out! Now you can enjoy the following:
caching selected pages (e.g. mozilla.org) for offline retrieval
usual platform and bug fixes
for Desktop Version 49 is out! Enjoy the following:
text-to-speech in Reader mode (using your OS voice modules) ending support for older macOS versions ending support for older CPUs ending support for Firefox Hello usual platform and bug fixes
for iOS No news from under the apple tree this time!
By the way – it's the first day of autumn, officially! I don't know about you, but I am looking forward to mushroom hunting, longer nights, and a bit of rain here and there (as long as it stops at some point). What is your take on autumn? Tell us in the comments!
Cheers and see you around – keep rocking the helpful web!
Promoting violence and terrorism in the name of Islam, Feiz Mohammad is described as “one of the world's most controversial Islamic lecturers“. He was an inspiration to dead Boston bomber suspect, Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
The International Business Times reports,
Feiz Mohammad, the radical preacher cited by dead Boston Marathon bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev, is a former boxer who blames women for being raped and called for a prominent Dutch politician to be beheaded.
Widely known as ‘Sheikh Feiz', the preacher was born in Australia circa 1970-1 but fled to Lebanon, the homeland of his parents, eight years ago after becoming one of the world's most controversial Islamic lecturers.
He has been investigated by Australian police for inciting violence and terrorism, and was even captured on a British TV documentary encouraging children to become martyrs for Islam six years ago.
Feiz has been described by some as Australia's most dangerous sheikh, because of the number of connections he holds to known terrorists.
Although it is not known whether the hardline sheikh has any direct links to Al-Qaeda, he has regularly broadcast sermons from the group's spiritual leader, Anwar al-Awlaki, on his website.
Wow guys. Remember way back in the day when I predicted that this Super Bowl was going to be considered the greatest of all time and that the Broncos would win a hard fought battle and solidify their legacy as the greatest offense of all time? Man things were crazy two days ago. I honestly was not planning on writing a follow up to that article because who would honestly care? But I made a lot of predictions that not only did not happen, but were the exact opposite of what actually happened.
I call this picture “Right After the 2nd Half Kickoff”
I will say right off the bat, the Seahawks would have beat any team in the NFL the way they played last night. They were a machine oiled with the blood of their enemies. They were fast. They hit hard. And they wanted it more than anyone. The biggest difference in the two teams was a simple one. The Broncos changed their gameplan. The Seahawks didn't. I loved watching the Broncos this season because it was like watching jet fighters doing stunts with a live feed of the pilots' radio. A lot of high flying show stopping craziness with a bunch of “YEEHAWS!” thrown in. Last night, that offense looked more like a fat kid on the airplane kiddie ride outside of the Rite Aid. And the fat kid didn't even want to be in the airplane. His mom just shoved him in it so she could take pictures. Then he couldn't get out of the airplane because he's like 12 and way too big for that shit now. I, and the rest of Broncos Country, are the mom in this story.
“Go on and do that touchdown thing you do! You know the one! Oh it is so cute- no not that. Stop. PEYTON WILLIAMS MANNING YOU STOP THAT RIGHT NOW!”
But the Seahawks looked like the team they were all season turned up to 12. That is how you win a championship. You know your identity and you don't sacrifice it to avoid risks. I am not going to be one of those guys who say “Well if the Broncos showed up it would have been different.” because if you don't show up in the Super Bowl, when ARE you going to show up? Most likely during the regular season. AMIRIGHT?! Oh that one hurt a little. But seriously, to Seahawk fans, congratulations. I have been extremely impressed with your team, your loyalty, and your culture since you have gotten in the spotlight over the last two years. I am of course speaking to the actual Seahawk fans and not the 19 year olds in Santa Monica who still haven't taken the tags off their Russell Wilson jerseys, but who am I to judge? A winning season can always be the introduction you need to a great team. To the Bronco fans, we got to the Super Bowl. We all agreed that was the goal this season. It just seems like we didn't know what to do once we actually got there.
After the first half we were more concerned with how to get home.
There was a stinging fact that was not mentioned in my last write up. The prolific offenses of the past who got to the Super Bowl and were then stopped by a stout defense. The “Greatest Show on Turf” Rams offense of 2001 got stuffed by the Patriot defense that year. In 2007 the Patriots perfect season and perfect offense was tarnished by the Giants. The Broncos now join those great offenses in the Hall of Almost, adding further proof that defense always beats offense. I really did think this offense was too good for that rule to apply. Maybe it was bias, maybe I was still coming down from all the touchdowns, but clearly, I was wrong. What we know now is the Broncos have concerns to address in the off season, and the Seahawks might as well have Nike add bullseyes to their uniforms next year because as far as the rest of the league is concerned they are already there. But that is the price for being the best team in the NFL.
Also you get this thing.
Today however, we are all losers. Because football is officially over. No matter how exciting basketball is, or how awesome a day at the ballpark might be in June, the world of sports always feels a little sleepy without football. So until August (or the draft in May at least), good luck to you followers of the gridiron. You Believers of Brady. You Cultists of Cutler. That one Jaguar fan that probably exists somewhere. The Cowboy fans who secretly hate Tony Romo more than any of us. We will meet again when the heat is stale and the wind blows dry. On those late summer days when the crispness of autumn just begins to stir. Football will be back, and with it, promise of a new season. A season with a clean slate. Everyone has a shot, except the Browns who have already been mathematically eliminated from the 2015 post-season. And when those days come, I cannot wait to drunkenly explain to the waitress at Buffalo Wild Wings that the Broncos are going all the way again this season.
Just kidding. Don't be that guy. Never be that guy.
Advertisements
Dear friends and comrades,
As I have traveled across the country, speaking at more than 150 universities and colleges, one topic that young people continue to struggle with is religion and its views on sexuality. For Muslims, sex and sexuality are very private topics and are seldom openly discussed. This often leads to a "clash of cultures" on campus. But like other taboo topics, religion and sex *must* be openly discussed.
I've been fortunate to meet hundreds of students around the country to create dialogue on this extremely sensitive topic.
I continue to be amazed how this discussion can become an opportunity for communities to come together and build bridges of understanding. Because this so-called "clash of cultures" is only a manifestation of fear.
"Hidden Voices: The Lives of LGBT Muslims"
aims to highlight the many struggles and challenges facing sexual and gender minorities within the Muslim world and to examine the complex intersection of Islam, sexuality and gender. This dynamic presentation
delves into an area seldom discussed: The challenges and achievements of LGBT Muslims.
Students, staff and faculty at campuses around the United States are creating social change for marginalized communities. I'm grateful to be a small part of these achievements.
I hope to visit your school soon to engage in what promises to be a dynamic conversation.
Sincerely,
Faisal
Ten years after Bulgaria joined the European Union as its poorest member, its economy works at two speeds, deepening the income gap between poor low-skilled workers and a handful of well paid employees working in the country's booming areas such as IT and auto parts. The following article was originally published in Serbo-Croatian by the online platform, Bilten. Its English version is published here with the site's kind permission.
It is a truism that the wage is one of the most contested aspects in the relation between capitalists and workers. Nothing reveals better the fundamental incomprehensibility of class perspectives than capital's drive to cut wages and the adjacent costs of social reproduction of the workforce and labor's desire to limit exploitation. Recently, a debate about the “appropriate level” of the minimum wage flared up in Bulgaria after several employers' associations waged an onslaught on the very raison d'etre of the national minimum. A potential victory for the employers poses grave dangers for the already embattled and weakened working class.
Let us see how the employers justify the abolition of the minimum wage.
On 17 May 2017 the Supreme administrative court repealed a decree with which the government raises the minimum salary from 420 BGN to 460 BGN (roughly 230 EUR; it is the lowest in the EU). This happened after four nationally representative employers' organizations filed a lawsuit. These are the Association of Industrial Capital in Bulgaria, the Bulgarian Industrial Association, the Bulgarian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and the Confederation of Employers and Industrialists in Bulgaria. (In contrast, organized labour has only two national representative unions – KNSB and Podkrepa). These employers' organizations announced that the national minimum wage has to be abolished. The stated reason is that it is administratively determined and not market-based. Its level was an object of some controversy around the elections when the political parties tried to outbid each other by promising to ramp it up.
It is impossible to understand the minimum wage increase without a closer look into Bulgaria's fiscal politics and taxation regime. Sporting one of the lowest corporate and income flat taxes across Europe, Bulgaria's budget is disproportionally dependent on indirect taxation such as VAT and excise duties. In short, the tax burden that the working class bears by spending 75% of its disposable income (according to the latest estimates) on consumption and procurement of basic goods and services to ensure survival. It should be noted that even the minimum wages are levied taxes as the non-taxable minimum was abolished with the introduction of the flat tax in 2007.
This means that, after the working poor, the Bulgarian state is the first beneficiary of an increase in the minimum wage, and the corresponding readjustment of the average wage. The state is quite candid about this in its assessment of the impact of the proposed increase. It tied the decision for the increase with the assessment of the fiscal year of 2017 and then deemed the decision beneficial for the state budget. Moreover, the argument goes that while the employers' payroll will increase solely by 1%, the impact on the poorest workers' income is much higher – 9%, while the state budget will also benefit. When a state has consciously given up the option to fill its budget by taxing the rich, it has two remaining options: borrowing from them and taxing the poor. In that respect, the increase of the minimum salary is not done out of altruistic concern for the working poor but it appears as a necessity to a state whose budget is overwhelmingly dependent on indirect over direct taxation. In Bulgaria's case, the percentage is 55.3% for indirect and 33.5% for direct taxation – the highest such ratio in the EU.
Armed with an unbreakable belief in neoliberal dogma, the state mobilizes sound – from the narrow class perspective of this dogma which privileges the rich and the propertied classes – and rational arguments: the increase of the minimum salary will bring about (modest) poverty alleviation and would help beef up the state coffers without putting too much weight on the shoulders of the employers. A win-win situation! The employers, however, beg to disagree. They do so even in moral terms. As the chairman of the Bulgarian Industrial Association Bozhidar Danev argued, raising the minimum salary erodes the moral foundations of society because 1) it disturbs the “natural hierarchies” – i.e. now a street sweeper on a minimum salary will get almost the same money as a school teacher; and 2) it will make people lazy and less willing to engage in self-improvement and “life-long learning”. Not to mention the burden on companies forced to pay even higher salaries and social security contributions.
The last shall be the first
One of the most intriguing aspects of the controversy is what elements the formula for calculating the minimum salary should include. Far from an exercise in neutral mathematical calculation, the minimum salary debate reveals the fundamentally political and incommensurable way of seeing the numbers. For example, the Association of the Industrial Capital in Bulgaria (AICB) argues that the productivity of labour in the country is only 15% the productivity of EU-28. Meanwhile, the medium salary in Bulgaria is 21% compared to that in EU-28. Therefore, the remuneration outpaces productivity with several percentage points, and presumably needs to be corrected down.
At 230 EUR monthly, Bulgaria has the lowest minimum wage in Europe in absolute terms. However, the AICB managed to turn this figure on its head and offered a new calculation, according to which Bulgarians enjoy the 5th highest minimum salary in the EU. The magic lies in comparing workers' remuneration to the country's GNI. From that perspective, even 240 EUR is too much given the supposedly low productivity of labour. The conclusion imposes itself: wages need to be corrected down.
Polemical calculus
I interviewed Vania Grigorova from the “Podkrepa” union who energetically rebuked these figures. According to her, the calculation is fundamentally flawed. Firstly, the productivity of labour in Bulgaria is calculated by AICB in euro, and since the Bulgarian currency is pegged to the euro at the rate of 1 EUR = 1.95 BGN, this means that 15% productivity in EUR has to be (nearly) doubled to arrive at the BGN equivalent.
In other words, when calculated in BGN, our productivity is actually 30% the EU-28 level, not 15%! The upshot is that for 30% of European productivity, the Bulgarian workers receive only 21% of the average European wage in EUR. But if Bulgarian productivity is calculated in relation to purchasing power parity (PPP), it jumps to 44.5% of the European average, or three times more the 15% figure of the employers. Therefore, the minimum salary must reach at least this level to compensate adequately labor productivity in PPP. In contrast, the labor expenses of the employers in EUR amount to 17% of total expenditures. In other words, the minimum salary has to reach at least 1000 BGN, argues the unionist.
Another problem with the calculations of the employers, according to the trade-unionist, stems from their assigning responsibility for the levels of productivity to the workers. Tying the minimum salary with productivity, especially in the punitive way the employers do it, responsibilizes the workers for their output. In reality, output must be understood as a function of capital. No amount of “good will” and “work ethos” can compensate for outdated or obsolete machinery. If a copier can churn out only 20 pages per minute, I cannot increase my productivity by working faster out of my own good will. My employer will have to invest in a more recent copy machine if he wants a higher productivity from me.
Another argument the employers mobilize is that states without a minimum salary enjoy higher levels of remuneration than states with minimums set by administrative fiat. The examples quoted are Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Austria, Italy and Cyprus. However, the employers forget to mention that these are robust welfare states which still deploy collective work contracts and bargaining. This means that in practice there is a “guaranteed” minimum. Would the employers also like Bulgaria to roll back the austerity of the last decades and re-introduce comprehensive welfare programs and collective contracts, ask the unions? Unlikely. If anything, they want the further weakening of any collective class identity which the existence of a minimum salary indirectly guarantees.
An abstract minimum which obtains across occupations and relative status and income inequalities within the working class ensures some sort of leveling: whatever you get, you cannot get below this minimum. Moreover, it applies across the board: the state operates with an abstract image of “the working class” in mind and sets a level that applies to everyone within that category.
In contrast, the employers propose the substitution of this abstract and universal minimum with market-based and sector-specific determinations. This means two things: further individualization of the workers and transfer of power from them to the bosses. Because if the minimum salary is abolished, the various sector-bound minimums will be determined by the specific companies concerned and, given the sorry level of organization of the workers, the bosses will define the relevant conditions for the determination of the wage level. If this proposal is accepted, there is nothing that can guarantee that the bosses won't try to set specific minimum salaries in the future which are lower than the current minimum of 460 BGN. Because it is true, as they claim, that there are regions and industries in Bulgaria which are much more impoverished than the standards people living and working in the capital city enjoy, for example.
This debate is therefore a clash between the “weak” universality lent on the workers by the existence of the minimum salary, defended by state and unions (albeit for different reasons), and the individuating, market-based particularity of the employers.
Also, as Grigorova admits, for the unions it is much easier to negotiate at once on behalf of everyone than have individual experts monitoring, covering and negotiating the diverse production and industrial fields that make up a national economy. It is simply not feasible given the size, capacity and funding of the trade unions in the country.
The polemical calculations are compounded by the fact that the methodology by which the ministry of Finance calculates the minimum salary is kept hidden from representatives of capital and labor alike. Grigorova had no explanation why this should be the case but the tension that this secrecy engenders is very productive. For example, the unions argue that the net minimum salary has to be 1.3 times the poverty line (314 BGN); in contrast, the employers consider the gross equivalent of this sum a fair amount. The unions argue that the current ratio of minimum to average salary of 42% is insultingly low, and want to raise it to 60%. Upon hearing this, the employers storm out of the negotiations room, recalls Grigorova. In their turn, the bosses claim that in some regions of Bulgaria, the ratio is even 70%, to be immediately rebuked by the unions that it means that the average salaries in these regions are low, rather than the minimum salary – high. AICB even calculates the ratio of minimum to average at 50,55% which is 7% more than the EU-average. But again, the EU average is calculated at 811 EUR minimum to 1870 EUR average salary which are figures nowhere near the painfully low rates Bulgarian workers “enjoy”. That is why the unions argue that first our minimum and average salaries have to catch up with the mid-European levels before they are locked in a range of 50-60%. Against that, the employers do not shy from mobilizing even racist arguments. As Vassil Velev, the chairman of AICB said, “we cannot have African productivity of labour and European salaries determined by governmental decree. It is not possible to declare everyone rich without working!”
The production of a worker race
AICB opens the case for the abolition of the minimum wage with a discussion about the dramatic reduction in the number of workers in Bulgaria. Between 2015 and 2016 alone, the number of employed has dropped by 73,000. Driven by the stagnant incomes and lack of opportunities, Bulgaria has been hemorrhaging workers to emigration since the fall of the Berlin wall and the EU accession has only accelerated this process. It is baffling then why the employers use emigration figures as a way to support their affront on the minimum wage, that is to say, to implement more of the same policies that drive Bulgarian workers away from the country. But to the employers it makes perfect sense: emigration is said to impede economic growth and since the minimum salary must be tied to productivity and growth, it has to be frozen.
ALSO BY THIS AUTHOR:
Further, they want relaxation of immigration but only of racially pure one. Echoing nationalist parties and intellectuals' ruminations about “Greater Bulgaria”, the employers want to bring over so-called “ethnic Bulgarians” from Macedonia, Moldova, Russia and Ukraine to Bulgaria to make up for the loss of the “native” labour force. Invoking deep cultural ties and affinities, the employers claim to be caring for our “Bulgarian brothers” abroad. Do they care less for their Bulgarian co-nationals, forced to emigrate due to the insultingly low salaries and work conditions in the country, retorts Grigorova?
In addition, and connected to the abolition of the minimum salary and the importation of “ethnic Bulgarians” from abroad, the employers propose to close the possibilities for mobility for recent university graduates. This, however, does not prevent the employers from committing a contradiction by touting the freedom of the laborers to move around the country in search of a better minimum salary, should their proposal for economic sector-related determination of the minimums is implemented.
Concluding the interview, Grigorova explained the industrialists' patriotic tirade about Bulgarians abroad: the importation of workers will remove the pressure to increase the wages, and this is the only reason why employers want to prevent Bulgarians from migrating while opening the borders for Bulgarians from Moldova and Ukraine.
Jana Tsoneva is a PhD student in Sociology and Social anthropology at CEU, Budapest. She researches the latest anti-government mobilizations in Bulgaria and is interested in theories of populism, ideology and civil society.
STEAM: http://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRealAvaiche/ UPLAY: Avaiche_LFT or my smurf Avaiche.LFT
I am looking for a team, or looking for people that are willing to make a team.
I am usually available on https://discord.gg/HUB6sGV and on my uplay and steam account.
Stats: https://r6db.com/profile/f90a01c3-faa6-4518-b77b-a30b125b7e9c/simple
I am a flex player on attack but on defense I like playing Ela.
18+ Teams and Players only!!!
///
Vanity is currently looking for 3 members to join the main team.
We are planning to play ESL once we are 5.
Requirements:
18 y/o
Diamond (be able to get it soloqueing)
preferable level 180 but no lower than 160
Be active (atleast 4 days online and active in the weekend.)
1.2 k/d
Be able to take but also give criticism
Don't get hostile towards ANYONE, if you get mad try to keep it to yourself
General idea of useful callouts and when to push or flank
Good communication
Don't ragequit, give up early or dodge players when we play ranked
https://discord.gg/HUB6sGV contact Avaiche or Bigding on this discord or contact Avaiche.VnY / Bigding.VnY on uplay
A picture posted on Twitter by Danish journalist showing Israeli citizens sitting on a hilltop and cheering the Palestinian territory of Gaza being bombed has gone viral on social media.
The picture, which was uploaded on Wednesday by Allan Sørensen, the Middle East correspondent for Denmark-based newspaper Kristeligt Dagblad, was accompanied by the message “Sderot cinema: Israelis bringing chairs 2 hilltops in sderot 2 watch latest from Gaza. Clapping when blasts are heard.”
So far, the photo - which was taken near the Israeli border city of Sderot - has been retweeted over 7,000 times.
Many users of the popular micro blogging site Twitter expressed outrage at the depicted event.
“Morality of a people so skewed that murder is a public spectle. an astonishing thing to see in this day/age,” wrote one user.
“That is just inhumane, abominable and disgusting. Shame on you, Israel,” wrote another, while one user wrote that the people in the picture were “encouraging a culture of death.”
A follow-up article published in English on the Kristeligt Dagblad website on Friday describes the scene in detail.
“People have dragged camping chairs and sofas to the top of the hill. Several sit with crackling bags of popcorn, while others smoke hookahs and talk cheerfully,” according to the article.
A spectator quoted by the daily described coming up on the hilltop as a “a quest for excitement,” while another said: “We are here to see Israel destroy Hamas.”
Since Tuesday, Israeli security forces have conducted strikes in Gaza to retaliate against Hamas fighters, who they claim have launched rounds of rocket fire into Israeli territory – much of which has been intercepted by Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile defense system.
Gaza officials say that almost 100 Palestinians have been killed in Israeli air strikes over the last four days.
Despite a U.S. offer to help negotiate a ceasefire with militants, Israel said it was determined to end cross-border rocket attacks that intensified last month after its forces arrested hundreds of activists from the Islamist Hamas movement in the occupied West Bank following the abduction there of three Jewish teenagers who were later found killed. A Palestinian youth was
killed in Jerusalem in a suspected Israeli revenge attack.
Israel's campaign “will continue until we are certain that quiet returns to Israeli citizens,” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said. Israel had attacked more than 1,000 targets in Gaza and there were “more to go.”
Last Update: Saturday, 12 July 2014 KSA 08:08 - GMT 05:08
It's easy when looking at aerial pictures to see the vast amounts of land taken up by freeway interchanges.
(Pic: Google Maps)
What is sometimes forgotten is the impact at ground level from elevated roadways. Here are some snaps from around South Melbourne — which of course being inner-city, has some of the most valuable land in the country.
I suppose there's a certain grace to the roadway structures themselves, but underneath it's certainly not pretty.
It really does seem that the only use for the land underneath roadways is parking — mostly for cars, but some for trucks/hire companies.
I only saw one exception: McDonald's seemed to be the only other business willing to be located underneath the freeway.
Of course, elevated railway bridges also have an impact at ground level. But the carrying capacity for the space taken is much higher with rail, and “interchanges” (eg stations) don't have the huge footprint, as humans alighting trains don't need the big turning circles found on freeway interchanges.
East West Link
It's important to note that while some is proposed to be tunnels, a big aspect of East West Link is elevated roadways. Both the western and eastern sections will involve new elevated sections. The Clifton Hill interchange will involve connections up high above the railway line, and the interchange from the eastern section to Citylink includes elevated roads — infamously surrounding the newly built Evo apartments, as well as from a tunnel portal in the middle of Royal Park. The new elevated sections won't be just at the interchange itself, but also providing an expansion of lanes along the existing Citylink in both directions — north and south.
That is, of course, if it's ever built.
I'm told that the expansion will take the northern end of Citylink near Bell Street up to a total of fourteen lanes. Maybe one day we'll stop pretending that motorways are an efficient form of transport for big cities.
Immigration advocates demonstrate outside a detention facility run by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) on June 14. (Photo11: John Moore, Getty Images) Story Highlights Bill would create pathway to citizenship for millions
Includes billions for border security upgrades
House leaders have already indicated they will not vote on the Senate bill
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Senate passed a sweeping immigration bill Thursday that would allow the nation's 11 million unauthorized immigrants to become U.S. citizens, overhaul the country's immigration system and spend billions to secure the southwest border with Mexico.
After years of failed attempts, 14 Republicans joined all Democrats in the Senate to pass the bill on a 68-32 vote. The bill, drafted by a bipartisan group of senators known as the Gang of Eight, would represent the biggest change in immigration laws since 1986.
Although Republican leaders in the House of Representatives said they will not to bring the bill up for a vote in that chamber, Thursday's vote represents a historic step forward for President Obama on one of the most important planks of his second-term agenda. Vice President Biden accentuated the milestone by making a rare appearance in the Senate to preside over the vote as senators voted from their desks - a symbolic gesture made during key votes.
In a statement Thursday, President Obama applauded the Senate for passing the bill. "The bipartisan bill that passed today was a compromise," Obama said. "By definition, nobody got everything they wanted. Not Democrats. Not Republicans. Not me. But the Senate bill is consistent with the key principles for commonsense reform that I – and many others – have repeatedly laid out."
Obama also urged the House to pass the bill. "Now is the time when opponents will try their hardest to pull this bipartisan effort apart so they can stop commonsense reform from becoming a reality. We cannot let that happen," he said.
STORY: House leaders reject Senate immigration bill
For the past several decades, the only thing Republicans and Democrats could agree on was that the nation's immigration system was broken. The 1986 law signed by President Ronald Reagan allowed 3 million immigrants to become citizens but did not fulfill its promise of securing the border. Ever since, millions of undocumented immigrants have poured over the porous southwest border, millions more have entered the USA and overstayed their visas with little government oversight, and U.S. business owners have complained that they can't get the workers they need from overseas.
States such as Arizona, Alabama and Georgia began tackling the problem on their own in recent years, passing laws to crack down on unauthorized immigrants. That set up a court battle that was decided when the U.S. Supreme Court ruled last year in Arizona v. United States that the federal government alone had the right to create immigration laws.
After the 2012 elections, when Mitt Romney garnered only 27% of the Hispanic vote, the Republican Party was open about its need to court that fast-growing electorate. That prompted the creation of the Gang of Eight, which drafted the bill and shepherded it through the Senate.
For Democratic senators such as Charles Schumer of New York and Robert Menendez of New Jersey and Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, the bill represents the most significant achievement in a decade-long fight to pass an immigration overhaul.
For Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla. — one of the members of the Gang of Eight — the Senate vote could bolster his prospects for a presidential run in 2016. Rubio has said he did not take on immigration for the politics of it but did so because, as the son of Cuban immigrants, he grew up around immigrants and feels its critical to fix the broken system.
"This is not just my story. This is our story," he said Thursday while recounting the difficult road his parents faced as new immigrants in America. "No one should dispute that, like every sovereign nation, we have a right to control who comes in. But unlike other countries, we are not afraid of people coming in from other places."
The bill would allow the nation's unauthorized immigrants to get temporary legal status after they passed a criminal background check, paid a fine and paid whatever back taxes they had outstanding. If they successfully maintained a clean record and held a job, they could apply for a green card in 10 years and U.S. citizenship three years later.
That "pathway to citizenship" was key for Democrats pushing the bill. Republicans demanded the bill include more manpower and money to secure the border. In an amendment brokered by Sen. John Hoeven, R-N.D., and Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., the government would spend $30 billion to double the size of the Border Patrol to nearly 40,000 agents. An additional $8 billion would be spent on drones, helicopters, airplanes and surveillance technology to better monitor the nearly 2,000-mile border with Mexico.
The bill would expand the federal E-Verify program nationwide, requiring all U.S. business owners to use it to check the immigration status of all new hires within four years. Another amendment by Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, would require the United States to begin fingerprinting all foreigners departing U.S. airports to better track who's left the country and who has stayed past the expiration of their visas.
The bill would revamp the legal immigration system to increase the number of temporary work visas for foreigners trained in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. There would also be an increase in work visas for foreigners who work in the agricultural industry, and a new class of visa would be created to bring in people to work lower-skilled jobs in construction, retail, hospitality and insurance.
MORE: Will Senate immigration vote matter in 2014?
Several Republicans worried that unauthorized immigrants would get "amnesty," despite claims from bill sponsors that they would have to endure a long, costly process to get legal status. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, argued that it's unfair to immigrants who have waited for years in the legal immigration process to enter the USA, while Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., said it provided "immediate amnesty before security."
Other Republicans voted against the bill largely because it doesn't require proof that the border is secure.
Sens. John Cornyn, R-Texas, and Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, tried to amend the bill to require that some measure of border security be achieved before the nation's unauthorized could start applying for a green card. Cornyn's amendment would have required the government to certify that it caught or turned back 90% of immigrants trying to cross illegally. The bill would establish the 90% figure only as a goal.
The defeat of Cornyn's amendment led Cruz and others to vote against the final bill.
"This, to me, continues to be the biggest hurdle to reform," Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., the Senate's top Republican, said on the Senate floor Thursday. "I can't understand why there's such resistance to it. It seems pretty obvious to me, and I suspect to most Americans, that the first part of immigration reform should be proof that the border is secure. Until they do, I for one just can't be confident that we've solved the problem."
Follow @alangomez and @DaviSusan on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/16C5ink
State Highlights
Senator Ted Stevens of Alaska, who was convicted eight days before the election on seven felony counts, lost his bid for a seventh term as final ballots were counted on Nov. 18.
Mr. Stevens, a Republican, was trailing his Democratic challenger, Mayor Mark Begich of Anchorage, by 3,724 votes out of more than 315,000 casts after state election officials counted about 25,000 absentees and other outstanding ballots.
Only an estimated 2,500 ballots remained to be counted the following week, according to Gail Fenumiai, the state elections director.
"I am humbled and honored to serve Alaska in the United States Senate," Mr. Begich said. "It's been an incredible journey getting to this point, and I appreciate the support and commitment of the thousands of Alaskans who have brought us to this day."
Mr. Stevens did not immediately concede the race. He could request a recount, but he would have to pay for it if the current vote margins hold.
The ballots remaining to be counted include overseas voters, special absentee ballots given to people who planned to be traveling out of state on Election Day or who live in remote parts of the state. The election will not be certified until early December.
In an initial count after Election Day, Mr. Stevens had led Mr. Begich, the mayor of Anchorage, by 3,257 votes. Republicans said at the time that traditional voting patterns among absentee voters favored Mr. Stevens holding on to win, but Mr. Begich noted that he had made a concerted effort to win absentee voters. More than 90,000 ballots have been counted since Election Day.
Mr. Stevens's longtime colleague and sole Alaskan member of the House, Representative Don Young, won his 19th term. Mr. Young, a Republican first elected in 1973, has also been under federal investigation. He had led Ethan Berkowitz, a Democrat and former state lawmaker, by about 51 to 45 percent as absentee, early and questioned ballots continued to be counted. In the state Senate, Democrats picked up enough seats to get a 10-10 split with the Republicans, who still control the House in Juneau.
Mr. Stevens, a 40-year incumbent and the longest-serving Republican in Senate history, was convicted Oct. 27 on seven felony counts of failing to disclose more than $250,000 in gifts and home renovations. Two days later, Mr. Stevens returned to Alaska for a six-day campaign sprint in which he insisted to voters that he had been wrongfully prosecuted and would have his conviction overturned.
Many national Republicans called on Mr. Stevens to resign, including Senator John McCain, the Republican nominee for president, and his running mate, Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska. Some Senate leaders threatened to expel Mr. Stevens if he stayed in office and lost his appeal of his conviction. Yet the state Republican Party encouraged voters to keep Mr. Stevens in office, and the senator's campaign paid for a blitz of final advertisements, including a two-minute commercial on the eve of the election.
Mr. Stevens said more than once in the last week before the election that he had not been convicted, a reference to the fact that a conviction is not formal until sentencing, which has not yet taken place. He told voters at one small rally that his situation was similar to that of the lacrosse players at Duke University who were wrongly accused of sexual assault in 2006.
"Those fellows went through an ordeal like mine until they discovered that it was actually a scheme of the prosecution," he said. "The abuse of power was overwhelming."
Mr. Stevens suggested that if he were to lose his appeal, he would resign rather than face a possible expulsion from the Senate.
"He said he would do what's right for Alaska," a spokesman for the Senator, Aaron Saunders, said on election night. At the same time, Mr. Saunders questioned whether senators could muster the two-thirds vote necessary for expulsion.
Mr. Stevens, whose 85th birthday was Nov. 18, is a revered figure in Alaska, known for bringing billions of dollars in federal spending to the state. He took office just nine years after Alaska entered the union.
Mr. Begich, the son of a former Alaska congressman, Nick Begich, a Democrat who was killed in a plane crash in 1972, ran a careful campaign in which he rarely criticized Mr. Stevens. Instead, he let consistently bad news about the accusations surrounding Mr. Stevens do its own damage. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee also spent heavily on an advertisement accusing Mr. Stevens of corruption.
Mr. Begich would be the first Democrat to represent Alaska in Congress in three decades. He says he will steer a different course from other Democrats in Washington on many issues including favoring drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Like Mr. Stevens, Mr. Young is known for bringing home millions of dollars in federal money. Mr. Young had stopped short of declaring victory on election night, but he was clearly optimistic based on the results tallied shortly before midnight.
"I don't listen to the polls, never have," Mr. Young said while supporters chanted around him at the Egan Center. "The people believe in me."
Mr. Stevens's loss breaks up Alaska's three-member, all-Republican delegation. Senator Lisa Murkowski is the state's junior senator. WILLIAM YARDLEY
Updated: Nov. 18, 2008
Photo illustration by Slate. Photo by Jacklee/Wikimedia CC.
Crossword puzzles are fleeting things. Sure, some get anthologized in books, but most are solved or abandoned in frustration, then piled up with the rest of the morning's paper, tossed into the recycling bin, and forgotten.
Thursday's New York Times puzzle will be different.
(Note: There are major crossword spoilers below. If you'd like, go and solve the puzzle before reading the story behind its creation. We'll be here when you get back.)
Ben Tausig, the Stony Brook University professor of ethnomusicology and crossword constructor who wrote the puzzle, tweeted the following three weeks ago:
I'm pretty sure that, in an important respect, it's the first of its kind. — Ben Tausig (@datageneral) August 9, 2016
Why was Tausig so excited? For starters, he pulled off a great technical feat. Tausig's crossword is a so-called Schrödinger puzzle, named for the physicist's hypothetical cat that is at once both alive and dead. In a Schrödinger puzzle, select squares have more than one correct letter answer: They exist in two states at once. “Black Halloween animal,” for example, could be both BAT or CAT, yielding two different but perfectly correct puzzles. Only 10 such puzzles have now been published in Times history.
It's the theme of Tausig's puzzle, though, that makes it special. Four entries in Thursday's crossword can include either an “F” or an “M.” Both are correct; neither is wrong. For example, “Part of a house” can be either ROOF or ROOM. The long “revealer” answer, tying those select entries together and spanning 11 squares smack-dab in the middle of the puzzle, is GENDER FLUID.
In a literal sense, this is a first for the Times. The phrase “gender fluid” has never been in an NYT crossword before, nor has the word “queer,” which also appears in the puzzle, been clued in its LGBTQ sense. It's always been “odd” or “mysterious.”
The most famous Schrödinger puzzle, and maybe the most famous crossword puzzle in American history, was published on the morning of Election Day in 1996. The clue for the two central entries read “Lead story in tomorrow's newspaper (!).” A bold clue indeed! The correct answer could read either CLINTON ELECTED or BOB DOLE ELECTED. Will Shortz, the Times' longtime puzzle editor, has called it his favorite crossword.
Thursday's GENDER FLUID puzzle may be just as noteworthy. “I think that people are going to enjoy this puzzle because it's sort of a monument to how far queerness has come,” Tausig told me in an interview. “And ideas about gender identity that weren't mainstream 20 years ago or even five years ago.”
One early review indicates Tausig was right. “I think it's wonderful,” Deb Amlen, the columnist and editor of Wordplay, the Times' crossword column, told me. “As a parent of a young adult child who is gender fluid, Ben's puzzle affected me deeply. It's exciting to see the development of more progressive and accepting language around the topic of gender.”
The phrase “gender fluid” dates to at least 1994, and its usage online quickly accelerated around 2014. It means “of, relating to, or being a person whose gender identity is not fixed,” per Merriam-Webster. This puzzle, with “M”s and “F”s that aren't fixed, is a masterful blend of subject and structure. “It potentially really evokes what gender fluidity is, which is not moving back and forth between two poles, but actually not being committed to either pole, and potentially existing in many states at different times,” Tausig said.
Thursday's puzzle has been many months in the making. Shortz shared with me the email correspondence between him, another Times puzzle staffer, and Tausig. It stretches from January to mid-August. Early on, Tausig expressed concern that the term “gender fluid” might be perceived as controversial, and there was worry from the Times that many solvers wouldn't be aware of the concept. (Shortz himself wasn't aware of it in January.) But they pressed on, discussing intricacies of cluing and potential puzzle fill, and deciding it'd be better as a Thursday puzzle than a Sunday. (Thursday grids are smaller than Sundays, and they were struggling to find longer, workable Schrödinger entries.) “This is a yes,” Shortz eventually wrote in early August.
But in this world, in 2016, where homophobia remains rampant and political correctness is feverishly litigated online and off, some residual concern remains. “I don't think you get a lot of canceled subscriptions over your average, even bad, crossword,” Tausig, himself a puzzle editor, said. “I'm sure this will get canceled subscriptions.”
What makes Tausig's puzzle particularly fascinating is that the Times—the world's leading puzzle institution—has been criticized, including in Slate, for its cluelessness and tone deafness on issues of gender, not to mention race. Recent solecisms have included the clue “Exasperated comment from a feminist” for the answer MEN, and “Decidedly nonfeminist women's group” for HAREM. The latter was described by solvers as “hateful” and “awful.” The clue “Gangsta rap characters” led to the answer THUGS.
Michael Sharp, the Times puzzle's most vocal critic, blogs under the name Rex Parker. “I don't think the Times is particularly hostile to any group,” he told me. “I just think that it doesn't care about the living nature of language in America today. Except maybe belatedly. If it's forced to, it will.” In this case, it has embraced that living nature.
Are crosswords political speech? Yes, sometimes—if not on the bleeding edge. They're a barometer of our language, Tausig has said, while Sharp describes them as a statement about what counts as common knowledge. Crosswords may be a lagging indicator of the state of our world, but when they say something, it means something. “A puzzle isn't necessarily a political statement,” Sharp said, “but it can be. A clue isn't, but it can be.” In 1997, GAY was clued as “___ Men's Health Crisis.” In 2007, it was “Party to many a civil union.” And last year, at last, it was “___ marriage.”
Sharp liked this puzzle. As a crossword critic, he saw cruciverbal value more so than political value. “Awareness of a broader world beyond a straight, white, male world just makes for more opportunities for good, playful cluing,” he said. There are benefits to openness “not just from a political angle but from a puzzle angle.”
I asked Shortz if publishing the “gender fluid” puzzle was a response to any criticism.
“No, this puzzle is not a response to anything,” he said. “It's just a good puzzle.”
Steroid use among U.S. teens has been on the rise since the early 1990s, but some groups of teens are using more than others. According to a new study of anabolic-androgenic steroid (AAS) abuse based on sexual preferences, gay male teens use steroids at a rate six times higher than their straight counterparts.
The study, published Monday in the journal Pediatrics, found that about 4 percent of heterosexual male teens reported using muscle-building steroids at some point in their lives. Less than 1 percent of straight male adolescents said they used steroids more than 40 times.
The rates of steroids use among gay male teens, however, were much higher. According to the report, 21 percent of gay adolescents said they had used steroids, and 4 percent of them admitted to using them more than 40 times.
"It's a bit sad that we saw such a large health disparity," study co-author Aaron Blashill, a psychologist and scientist with the Fenway Institute, the research arm of a Boston health center that treats gays and lesbians, told the Associated Press. "Given the dramatic disparity ... it would seem that this is a population in which greater attention is needed.”
Researchers surveyed more than 17,000 adolescent males -- 635 of them identified as gay or bisexual -- using data from the 2005 and 2007 Youth Risk Behavior Surveys. The national survey monitors several types of health-risk behaviors among youth and adults that contribute to the leading causes of death and disability, including drug use.
“This is the first known study to test and find substantial health disparities in the prevalence of AAS misuse as a function of sexual orientation,” researchers wrote. “Prevention and intervention efforts are needed for sexual minority adolescent boys.”
The caveat is that the surveys rely on self-reporting, so the results are based on the assumption that those who responded were telling the truth. Also, the survey does not account for teens who may still be in the closet.
The study authors don't provide a clear explanation for the disparity in steroid use between gay and straight male teens, but health experts have a few theories. Some say gay teens are more likely to be bullied in school, and that their steroid use becomes a way to protect themselves.
Others suggest gay teens are more concerned with physical appearance than straight teens. Researchers speculate gay male adolescents take steroids as an extreme way to look more attractive.
"Generally speaking, the gay male subculture places a greater emphasis on physical appearance than straight men do," Marla Eisenberg, an associate professor with the department of pediatrics at the University of Minnesota, told HealthDay.
Heavy steroid use among teens has been linked to ligament and tendon tears, kidney and liver damage, heart disease, impotence and cancer, among other health problems.
“Unlike pro athletes, teenagers are much more susceptible to the physiological and psychological effects of steroids because of the natural hormonal imbalance associated with adolescence,” William Kashatus, a baseball historian and writer, stated in a 2013 article on steroid use among U.S. teens. “The effects include irritability, rage, depression and suicidal tendencies. What's more, the psychiatric symptoms associated with steroid withdrawal persist for a year or more after the abuser stops using.”
Scottish Green Party politicians have warned that a £3 billion project to upgrade the Perth to Inverness stretch of the A9 into dual carriageway fails to provide for cyclists.
The party's Perth branch says it has been told by Transport Scotland that plans for the road do not include cycle paths on both sides.
The new road is “unlikely to have parallel cycle routes” due to “environmental impacts and costs”, Transport Scotland told the Greens.
Alison Johnstone Green MSP and co-convener of Holyrood's cross-party group on cycling, said she was concerned the conversion of the road to dual carriageway could make it harder for people living along the route to get from A to B by bicycle.
She said that the Scottish government was “under enormous pressure” to increase the number of journeys being made by bicycle.
“It would be monumentally daft if they spent £3bn on a dual carriageway that did not incorporate better cycle infrastructure for Perthshire and Highland communities along the route, not to mention the opportunities for cycle tourism,” said Ms Johnstone.
Roger Humphry of Perth Greens added: “Dualling of the A9 gives an opportunity to improve facilities for walking and cycling but we have no confidence this will happen.”
Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch SNP MSP Dave Thompson dismissed claims that cycle routes would be too expensive as “nonsense”.
Ms Johnstone warned that there was a risk of additional costs if cycle routes were not included in the project's design.
Transport Minister Keith Brown said the Scottish Government is “actively engaged” with “non-motorised” users to consider the dual carriageway's design.
Transport Scotland said it was listening to feedback on the A9 project, and said the responses made it clear that people wanted cycling facilities close to the road and also safe crossing points.
A spokesman said: “The new cycleway supports the policy set out in the Cycling Action Plan by facilitating links to the communities of Kincraig, Kingussie and Aviemore and will provide a direct alternative to the numerous off road tracks and the Speyside Way.
“As we continue to further develop the A9 dualling programme, provision for non-motorised users including cyclists will be a major factor in the design of schemes taken forward.”
Scotland's longest road, the A9 has a history of crashes caused by excessive speed, especially where drivers attempt to get ahead of each other as dual carriageway sections return to single file traffic. Risky overtaking on single carriageway section are also a major cause of crashes.
Previous conversions of sections of the A9 to dual carriageway have run into controversy as planners have failed to accommodate non-motorised road users.
In 2011, First Minister Alex Salmond had to personally intervene to force Transport Scotland to include a crossing for walkers, cyclists and horse riders at Crubenmore. An ancient right of way following the route of one of General Wade's military roads crosses the A9 at this point.
hSources: BBC, The Courier
Exclusive: Obama, Putin, Merkel, Cameron, Modi and others kept in the dark after passport numbers and other details were disclosed in Australia's accidental privacy breach
The personal details of world leaders at the last G20 summit were accidentally disclosed by the Australian immigration department, which did not consider it necessary to inform those world leaders of the privacy breach.
The Guardian can reveal an employee of the agency inadvertently sent the passport numbers, visa details and other personal identifiers of all world leaders attending the summit to the organisers of the Asian Cup football tournament.
The United States president, Barack Obama, the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, the Chinese president, Xi Jinping, the Indian prime minister, Narendra Modi, the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, the Indonesian president, Joko Widodo, and the British prime minister, David Cameron, were among those who attended the Brisbane summit in November and whose details were exposed.
The Australian privacy commissioner was contacted by the director of the visa services division of Australia's Department of Immigration and Border Protection to inform them of the data breach on 7 November 2014 and seek urgent advice.
In an email sent to the commissioner's office, obtained under Australia's freedom of information laws, the breach is attributed to an employee who mistakenly emailed a member of the local organising committee of the Asian Cup – held in Australia in January – with the personal information.
“The personal information which has been breached is the name, date of birth, title, position nationality, passport number, visa grant number and visa subclass held relating to 31 international leaders (ie prime ministers, presidents and their equivalents) attending the G20 leaders summit,” the officer wrote.
“The cause of the breach was human error. [Redacted] failed to check that the autofill function in Microsoft Outlook had entered the correct person's details into the email ‘To' field. This led to the email being sent to the wrong person.
“The matter was brought to my attention directly by [redacted] immediately after receiving an email from [the recipient] informing them that they had sent the email to the wrong person.
“The risk remains only to the extent of human error, but there was nothing systemic or institutional about the breach.”
The officer wrote that it was “unlikely that the information is in the public domain”, and said the absence of other personal identifiers “limits significantly” the risk of the breach. The unauthorised recipient had deleted the email and “emptied their deleted items folder”.
“The Asian Cup local organising committee do not believe the email to be accessible, recoverable or stored anywhere else in their systems,” the letter said.
The immigration officer then recommended that the world leaders not be made aware of the breach of their personal information.
“Given that the risks of the breach are considered very low and the actions that have been taken to limit the further distribution of the email, I do not consider it necessary to notify the clients of the breach,” she wrote.
The recommendation not to disclose the breach to the world leaders may be at odds with privacy law in some of their countries.
Britain, Germany and France all have different forms of mandatory data breach notification laws that require individuals affected by data breaches to be informed.
It is not clear whether the immigration department subsequently notified the world leaders of the breach after the initial assessment.
The office of the Australian immigration minister, Peter Dutton, did not respond to questions.
Australia's deputy opposition leader, Tanya Plibersek, called on Tony Abbott to explain why the world leaders were not notified of the breach.
“The prime minister and the immigration minister must explain this serious incident and the decision not to inform those affected,” she said.
Disclosure of the data breach is likely to embarrass the Australian government after controversial mandatory data retention laws were passed last week.
The passage of the laws – which require telecommunications companies to store certain types of phone and web data for two years – has been marked by concerns about the adequacy of privacy safeguards by companies and government agencies that will handle the data.
The Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young said: “Only last week the government was calling on the Australian people to trust them with their online data, and now we find out they have disclosed the details of our world leaders.
“This is another serious gaffe by an incompetent government.”
Australia's immigration department was also responsible for the country's largest ever data breach by a government agency.
In February 2014 the Guardian revealed the agency had inadvertently disclosed the personal details of almost 10,000 people in detention – many of whom were asylum seekers – in a public file on its website.
“Nothing stays dead in this world…” -Joshua Foley, Elixir
Once upon a time during the age of the newsstand, the “Annual” comic was a periodic installment of importance in the comics industry. Often times it was either a jumping on point, a culmination, or an overview of the continuety carried in that title over the previous year meant to hook in readers and give them a brief but full synopsis that would allow them to latch onto the title without being lost in a sea of literary progression. However, over the past few decades, the relevance of the Annual has wained. Some Annuals are over-sized, multi-storied litmus tests for new writers and artists. Other times, the books are little more than rabbit trail tangent one-shots that hold no consequence to the main title. Regardless, non-completist readers (calm down, you know they exist) have had little incentive to pick up the yearly installments that debuted characters like Rogue.
Marvel just put an end to the impotence with Uncanny X-Men #1. Well, that is, at least for X universe, or maybe just the Uncanny title, or maybe just this particular book. Or maybe not at all, It's too soon to tell. For those of you who aren't caught up on recent X happenings, heres a brief recap: The terrigen crystals that turn humans to Inhumans became the terrigen mists, clouds of terrigen that roam across the globe and are poisonous to mutants, causing an(other) extinction level event for the mutant species. Also, Cyclops killed professor X. Also, also, Magneto is leading a team of X-Men featuring Monet, Sabertooth, Archangel, and a now separated Psylocke under the mission of finding a way to put an end to the terrigen crisis and save mutant viability in the world. Previously in the Uncanny X-Men title, Eric and his team investigated and put an end to a series of mutant healer murders at the hands of Dark Riders. One of the victims was Joshua Foley, formally of the anti-mutant Reavers (See: New Mutants vol. 2) also known as Elixir, who came to a brutally unfortunate end when he was shot by Gauntlet.
The Issue: Cullen Bunn (The Sixth Gun, Harrow County) opens the Annual with Elixir's empty grave, wherein Sabertooth has determined that Joshua has clawed out of his own grave, his healing abilities having apparently revived him. Monet uses Cerebro to find the Omega level mutant and the team finds him reanimating and torturing the corpse of Gauntlet. In a series of absolutely stunning panels by Ken Lashley and Nolan Woodard, Magneto and Monet convince Elixir to accompany them to a mutant refugee medical camp in Kansas City where he can test the boundaries of his unstable powers and attempt to control them. The duality of Elixir's power allows him to both give and take life, and the team quickly discovers that the delicate balance has also affected his mental stability and he brings the team to its knees before regaining control and stopping the assault. He did heal some mutants affected by the M Pox, btw.
This issue also contains what I believe to be the first appearance of Domino since the Secret Wars reboot. (Please correct me if I'm wrong.) Under the patronage of Roberto Da Costa, or Sunspot, and the new A.I.M., Domino engages in an all out assault of an anti-mutant militant group in Ecuador in a fast paced, thrilling display of her probability power and black ops abilities in a brilliant one-shot by newcomer Anthony Piper, who undertook the herculean task of writing, drawing, and coloring the entire story himself.
The Theory: (The following is simply an opinion that could be very right or completely off base. I do not personally have any insight to Cullen Bunn nor Marvels plan for the future.) In this Annual, Cullen Bunn toys with the concept and potential found in Elixir's power to return life to fallen mutants, or to say it another way, to resurrect dead X-Men. In a similar vein, Marvel has just announced “ResurreXion,” which will be a back-to-basics of sorts. The Gold and Blue teams will be restored, familiar titles will return to shelves, and the return of deceased characters has been teased. I believe Elixir will be a key element in this plot, and will play a much bigger roll in the future of the X-Men. Cullen Bunn is a master of his craft, and if you've read his other works, he is a very big fan of foreshadowing. With major characters in the X bullpen being dead, I think that what we will see is Magneto using Elixir to bring back characters like Wolverine, Cyclops, Jean Grey, and the beloved Professor X.
Advertisements
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un has ruthlessly executed a 'defeatist' terrapin farm owner after reacting furiously to the farm on a tour in May.
Following the embarrassing tour, Kim reportedly lashed out at the owner, promising 'grave consequences' for not producing any lobsters.
According to Daily NK, the dictator was enraged by the farm not keeping the tanks clean and allowing several baby terrapins to die of starvation.
Kim Jong-Un, pictured, expresses his displeasure at a visit to the terrapin farm outside Pyongyang
The leader visited the Taedonggang Terrapin Farm in May, where he was supposed to provide 'field guidance' to managers who were struggling to produce enough terrapins.
At the time of his visit, he issued a warning to managers, angered by their disrespect towards in his father in not having a room dedicated to teaching workers about his father's greatness.
His father, Kim Jong Il visited the same terrapin farm shortly after it was built in October 2011, where he described it as proof that there word 'impossible' is not found in the Korean vocabulary.
However, ominously for managers of the plant just outside Pyongyang, Kim discovered a number of problems at the farm.
His father wanted to provide the Korean people with 'tasty and nutritious terrapin'.
But during the young dictator's visit, he noted that the atmosphere was different to other locations where he has issued 'field guidance'.
Spot the vegetable: Kim Jong-un has been busy providing more field guidance at the Pyongyang Vegetable Science Institute
On the warpath: Appearing relaxed, Kim Jong-un's latest visit appeared to caused him less stress than his visit to the terrapin farm
Model pose: The North Korean leader's appears interested as he listens to one of the scientists
Smooth trip: Advisers carefully take note as Kim hands out his famous farm guidance
He said: 'It is hard to understand that the farm visited by Kim Jong Il did not arrange even the room for the education in the revolutionary history and the employees who failed to bear deep in their minds his leadership exploits could hardly perform their role as masters in production.
'Everything goes well, people substantially benefit from the results of the implementation of the party policies and hurrah for the WPK and socialism are heard from the units which consider it as the main line to uphold and glorify the leadership exploits of the great leaders and the party but only sighs of defeatists come from those units which failed to do so and they may get bogged down even if all conditions are provided.'
In a scathing attack on the plant's managers, Kim said the party had sent freshwater lobsters to the facility more than two years ago in the expectation that they would be able to breed. The failure, according to the dictator, was due to incompetence.
He said he wanted the facility's control room updated so they could automatically monitor the water quality.
Instead, managers installed CCTV cameras so they could look at the growing terrapins.
According to a report on the North Korean news agency KCNA, Kim said the entire nation was working 'around the clock' in order to provide 'good presents' for the 70th anniversary of the founding of the party in October.
In a stern warning Kim asked what the staff and management of the terrapin farm could provide for the celebrations.
Kim Jong un, left, ordered the execution of Hyon Yong-Choi, right, after the general fell asleep at a meeting
Hyon was killed using a ZPU-4 anti-aircraft gun, pictured, after being accused of showing disrespect to Kim
According to KCNA: 'Noting that if officials work the way those of the farm do, it is impossible to realize the desire of Kim Jong Il and they may bring such grave consequences as impairing the prestige of the party in the end, he called for turning the farm into the one from which people substantially benefit and a model unit in the nation's cultivation which introduces advanced breeding methods and technology into its operation.'
Last April, Kim ordered the execution of his 66-year-old Minister of Defence Hyon Young Choi, who fell asleep at a meeting where the dictator was the guest of honour. The general was taken away and shot with an anti-aircraft gun, obliterating his body.
Story highlights Clinton is leading Sanders 42% to 40%
Uncommitted voters make up 14% of the caucusgoers, according to the poll
Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton's edge over Bernie Sanders has shrunk to just two percentage points in Iowa, according to new Bloomberg/Des Moines Register poll of likely Democratic Iowa caucus voters released Thursday.
Clinton tops Sanders 42% to 40%. Ex-Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley was at 4% in the new poll.
Last month, a Bloomberg/Des Moines Register poll found Clinton was ahead of Sanders by 9 points, 48% to 39%.
In the new poll Thursday, 14% of those surveyed say they are uncommitted. In December, 8% were uncommitted.
Support for the candidates mirrors that in other polls. Sanders is strongest among younger voters, while Clinton is leading with older voters and women.
Read More
I am very pleased to announce the second release of the Glyph Document Authoring Framework. For those who don't know, Glyph is a pure-Ruby, extensible solution to author documents like books or articles using a simple, fully-customizable markup language.
Since the first release, came out, last month, a lot happened. Plenty of bugs were fixed and new features implemented, as shown by the changelog. Here's a brief rundown of the most notable changes.
What Glyph code looks like Earlier this week I blogged about my new Glyph vim syntax file. I've been using it for a while, and all I can say is that it really helps! Here's what it looks like: I'm sorry for the Emacs and TextMate folks, but I only use Vim, so I only made a Vim syntax file. Anyhow, Glyph grammar is very simple, so rolling out your own syntax file for your favorite editor shouldn't be too hard.
Notable features Single-file compilation Perhaps the most life-changing feature in this release is the possibility of compiling a single Glyph source file into an HTML or PDF file. This means you no longer need to create a full-blown project for writing a short article: just create a file anywhere and run glyph compile filename.glyph on it! The good thing is that with this new release you can also define snippets, configuration settings, and even macros right into your Glyph files, so you can do almost anything without having to create a project or fiddle with YAML files. Programmatic usage The second most notable feature is the possibility to use Glyph as a Ruby library, i.e. as you'd use a filter like RedCloth or MarkDown. Additionally, it is also possible to compile single files programmatically, so you can, for example, create PDF files for your articles from the same source file. Don't believe me? Feel free to click the Download PDF and View Source links on this very page to see for yourself… For those of you using the awesome nanoc static site generator, here are a few source files you may want to take a look at: lib/glyph-data.rb — How to update configuration settings.
lib/glyph-data.rb — a simple Glyph filter.
Rules — a rule using the Glyph#compile method to generate PDF files. Auto-regeneration Another very interesting feature is the possibility to auto-regenerate your output files automatically whenever a source file is changed. Just run glyph compile --auto and you're away. I'd like to thank Sebastian Staudt for proposing, implementing, and testing this feature. Conditional macros Finally, although it may worry some, I added the possibility to evaluate conditional expressions directly in Glyph. The syntax is a bit verbose due to the extreme simplicity of Glyph parser, but it does the job: ?[and[ eq[$[document.output]|pdf]| eq[$[tools.pdf_generator]|prince] ]| style[pagination.css]] The snippet above can be used to include the pagination.css stylesheet only when generating a PDF file with Prince XML.
Owlfly larvae are seen using leaf litter and small stones to camouflage themselves. Photo by Bo Wang/Nanjing
BONN, Germany, June 24 (UPI) -- New amber-encased evidence suggests insects were using costumes, or "invisibility cloaks," to camouflage themselves from predators as early as 100 million years ago.
Researchers from the University of Bonn recently documented a variety of insects trapped in fossilized amber adorned with bits of plants, dirt, grains of sand and remains of prey. The costume materials serve as proof of early insect camouflage and offer insights into the preferred habitats of ancient insects.
One piece of amber shows the end result of a battle between a lacewing larva and a pseudoscorpion. After killing the pseudoscorpion, a lacewing larva sucked it dry with its powerful mouth and positioned its victim's remains on its body. The amber showcases a lacewing larva dressed like a pseudoscorpion.
"With this 'disguise,' the lacewing larva pretends to be someone completely different," researcher Jes Rust of the Steinmann-Institute at the University of Bonn, explained in a news release. "Using the pieces of its prey, it even takes on the smell of the pseudoscorpion."
RELATED Study explains why robin eggs are blue
Researchers documented the use of camouflage by 35 insects from the Cretaceous. In addition to remnants of prey, insects were found using disguises or cloaks made of sand, plant residue, wood fibers and dust.
"These are very rare fossils, which give us unique insights into life more than 100 million years ago," said Torsten Wappler of the Steinmann-Institute.
Researchers believe the use of sand in costumes also served to protect insects from attacks. Some insects, researchers hypothesize, adapted more flexible appendages to apply their disguises to their backside.
RELATED Study explains why some species keep their toxicity a secret
"It is very surprising how early in evolution such complex insect behavior developed: The larvae had to search actively for suitable 'camouflage material', pick it up, and cloak themselves with it," added Bo Wang, a paleobiologist from the State Key Laboratory of Paleobiology and Stratigraphy in China, currently a guest researcher at the University of Bonn.
Researchers published their findings this week in the journal Science Advances.
Insects continue to use similar camouflage techniques today. Caddisfly larvae, for example, use sediments to hide themselves among the sands of their riverbed home.
RELATED Biologists say camouflage works
It comes down to basic biology and simple maths. Click to reveal the three key reasons why 80% of HIV in New Zealand is among gay and bi guys.
It's much easier to get HIV from anal sex.
It's been scientifically proven that anal sex is eighteen times riskier than vaginal sex. There are two reasons for this. First, the cells in the ass are much more susceptible to HIV than cells in the vagina. Second, both semen and rectal mucosa (the lining of the ass) carry more HIV than vaginal fluid. Combine this with the fact that gay and bi guys have much more anal sex than straight guys, and you've got yourself a lot more risk right there.
There's already a lot of gay and bi Kiwis who have HIV
In a recent Auckland study, 1 in 15 gay and bi guys were found to have HIV. So, if you're a guy hooking up with other guys, you're more likely to meet someone who has HIV (and according to that same study, there's a 20 percent chance that person with HIV doesn't know it yet).
We're more closely connected than you might think
The reality is that there are less gay and bi guys than there are straight men and women. So when you're meeting a guy for casual sex, the pool of people you have to choose from is smaller. This makes gay and bi guys much more closely connected, sexually, than the rest of the population. It also allows HIV and other STIs to spread quickly among us.
THE GREAT FLYING MONSTER OF 1989
In Snakeyear 1989 a large "Flying Monster" was seen several times over Bycantium. This was in fact the first recorded flying machine on Snakeworld. It was built by the eccentric Baron Mavic Che'en, a member of one of the few Noble families to survive the Tablet Wars. The Baron constructed the machine himself out of oilcloth and titanium , with a wooden front-mounted airscrew. The gas used in the dirigible was hydrogen, created by the Baron who was a noted alchemist of the time. It is not known for certain what powered the engine, but several theories have been put forward, including Goblins, Pixies and Earwax. Today it is generally accepted that it was powered by a pair of elastic suspenders. Below is a description of the "Monster" as written by Derro Sazl'ar, a noted chronicler of the period.
The monſter be around three metres in lenthe, one ande one halfe metres in width ande two metres in heit. Its bellie, wicth is of a copius ſize be ſlunge above the reſte of its bodie and this bellie be filled with a gaſſe that holdeth it in the aire. On the poſterior ende of this bellie be foure tails or finns with wicth it directeth its movement thruh the aire. On the front ende of this bellie be a ſharpe ſpike. ſlunge undre this bellie be a longe tube and a ſtrange boxe, made of mettle from wicth iſſues forwards a wooden polle fixed ſtrait againſt the boxe that ſpins when the monſter move.
This description, along with several etchings and cartoon strips of the period have allowed historians to produce this reconstruction of the machine.
After "terrorising" the citizens of Bycantium for almost five months, the "monster" was tracked to the Baron's castle to the north of the city. The castle was stormed by the Bycantium City Guard, and the Baron arrested on suspicion of "Tamprin' wi' things that ain't nat'ral like". After a search of the castle the Baron's chemical apparatus and the dirigible were found and he was charged with "Muckin' round wi' things that ain't right". Despite the Baron's protests that he was trying to write a dictionary of bird speech, and that he hadn't done anyone any harm, he was found guilty, and sentenced to be burnt at the stake with his "monster".
On the day of the burning, all of the prominent Religious Leaders and Witch Hunters turned up to watch. A raffle was held to decide who would have the honour of lighting the fire and the Mayor of Bycantium won. He stepped forward, took the flaming torch, and threw it into the pile of oil soaked wood right next to the stake where the Baron and his "monster" (still fully inflated with Hydrogen), were tied up.
The resulting explosion instantly killed almost all those attending, permanently deafened and blinded most of the few survivors, flattened all the souvenir stands within a three hundred-metre radius, and created a crater three metres deep and six metres wide. The fires started by the detonation burnt for five days, destroying two hundred acres of crops, three farm houses, six barns, thirty two huts, and most of the Baron's castle.
The secondary explosion, caused by the ignition of the Baron's chemicals, his twenty bins of powdered coal, and the ninety five thirty litre barrels of whisky stored in the basement of the castle, destroyed what was left of the structure, and sent hot and burning building materials flying through the air for a kilometre in all directions. On landing, these materials started more fires, flattened two houses, and blocked a nearby river, causing widespread temporary flooding and the permanent inundation of two hundred and sixty seven acres of prime farming land. The shock wave flattened an estimated two thousand trees, was heard for a fifty-kilometre radius, and neatly demolished a Junior Army Scout clubhouse .
The death of almost all of the officials opposing scientific experimentation left the way clear for more scientific discoveries, and ultimately the comencement of the industrial revolution around sixty years later.
TEXTUAL NOTES
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frozen fans sang their little hearts out at a special Elsa and Olaf themed children's event at Middlesbrough Town Hall.
Forever Frozen was held on Saturday and yesterday in aid of Middlesbrough and Teesside Philanthropic Foundation to support its Schools Hardship Fund.
There were two, half-hour singalong and dance performances featuring the hit Disney film's best known characters - Elsa, Anna and Sven - from Make My Day Events.
There were stalls selling Frozen-themed cup cakes, hair accessories, slush drinks, bubbles and sweets, as well as refreshments and a picnic box for children.
Friends Lucy Appleton, three, from Billingham, Jessica Richardson, four, from Thornaby, and Alex Bradburn, six, from Thornaby, who all go to Eclectic Dance Academy in Thornaby, were very excited to watch the show.
Jessica's mum Lisa Ede said: “She is totally obsessed with Frozen. Elsa is their favourite character. Jessica even has a Frozen playroom.”
Lucy's mum Yvette, 32, said: “Lucy thinks she IS Elsa!”
Cousins Bobby Metcalfe, from Acklam in Middlesbrough, and Laila Douthwaite, from Ingleby Barwick, both seven, were enjoying their picnic before the show began.
Bobby was dressed as his favourite character Olaf the snowman while Laila said her favourite character is Sven the reindeer.
According to a new report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in the last 10 years emergency department visits for recreation- and sports-related traumatic brain injuries has increased by 60% among children and adolescents. Experts at the CDC believe the increase is due to more adults becoming aware that the young individuals needed to be seen by a health care professional.
The CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report revealed that traumatic brain injuries (TBIs) increased from 153,375 in 2001 to 248,418 in 2009, with the main activities contributing to TBIs being football, bicycling, soccer, playground activities and basketball.
Linda C. Degutis, Dr.P.H., M.S.N., director of CDC's National Center for Injury Prevention and Control, explained:
"We believe that one reason for the increase in emergency department visits among children and adolescents may be a result of the growing awareness among parents and coaches, and the public as a whole, about the need for individuals with a suspected TBI to be seen by a health care professional."
Males contributed to 71% of all visits
70.5% of visits were among those aged between 10-19 years
The most common injuries for children aged 0 to 9 years were sustained whilst riding bicycles and playground activities
"While some research shows a child's developing brain can be resilient, it is also known to be more vulnerable to the chemical changes that occur following a TBI."
Throughout this eight-year period, each year in U.S. emergency departments, roughly 173,285 individuals aged zero to 19 years were treated for non-fatal sports- and recreation-related traumatic brain injuries.Emergency department visits for sports- and recreation-related TBIs varied by gender and age group:Data also varied by gender and activity for those aged between 10 to 19 years. Among females most injuries were sustained while bicycling, playing soccer or basketball, while injuries among males occurred most while bicycling or playing football.According to research, younger individuals who suffer a traumatic brain injury experience longer recovery times and have an increased risk of serious outcomes in comparison to adults. Symptoms of TBI might appear mild, however, the injury can result in considerable life-long impairment and affect learning, behavior, and/or emotions. Appropriate education, management and diagnosis is vital in helping young individuals recover quickly and completely from a TBI.Richard C. Hunt, M.D., director of CDC's Division for Injury Response, explained:Over the past decade, as part of the Heads-Up Initiative, CDC has worked to raise awareness about traumatic brain injury, including concussions . They have also worked towards improving the recognition, prevention and response to TBI among parents, health care professionals, school professionals, youngsters and adolescents, and coaches.Recently, the CDC developed a new online training course in order to give health care professionals a summary of what they need to know about concussion among young individuals. The course is endorsed by the National Football League and CDC Foundation. The course allows health care professionals to discover what happens to the brain and why young individuals are at a greater risk. The aim is to prepare health care professions to diagnose and manage concussions, whether it be on the sidelines, training room, emergency department or their office.The online course called, Heads Up to Clinicians: Addressing Concussion in Sports among Kids and Teens, was completed in collaboration with a team of experts and thirteen leading medical organizations, and also includes a continuing education opportunity. The course is available free of charge.Written by Grace Rattue
Though cesium levels have tripled, the tuna is still safe to eat, researchers say.
Delvan Neville, a graduate researcher with OSU's Radiation Health Physics program, marks samples of albacore being tested for radioactivity. (Photo11: Courtesy of OSU Radiation Health)
Radiation in some albacore tuna caught off the Oregon coast tripled after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear meltdown in Japan, a new study from Oregon State University shows.
Still, those levels were a thousand times lower than the maximum safe level set by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
"You can't say there is absolutely zero risk because any radiation is assumed to carry at least some small risk," said the study's lead author, Delvan Neville, a graduate research assistant in OSU's Department of Nuclear Engineering and Radiation Health Physics. "But these trace levels are too small to be a realistic concern."
Researchers tested 26 Pacific albacore. Some had been caught between 2008 and the March 2011 tsunami and nuclear accident. Others were caught between the accident and 2012.
They discovered that levels of specific radioactive isotopes did increase after the accident, although by a minute amount.
"A year of eating albacore with these cesium traces is about the same dose of radiation as you get from spending 23 seconds in a stuffy basement from radon gas," Neville said.
The researchers tested samples of the albacore from their loins, carcasses and guts and found varying levels of radiation – all barely detectable. The study is the first to look at different parts of the fish.
"The loins, or muscle, is what people eat and the bioaccumulation was about the same there as in the carcass," said Jason Phillips, a research associate in OSU's College of Earth, Ocean and Atmospheric Sciences and a co-author on the study.
The researchers also found that radionuclides were somewhat higher in 4-year old fish than 3-year old fish, suggesting that the younger albacore may have made only one trans-Pacific migration, while the older fish may have migrated through the Fukushima plume twice.
The majority of the 3-year-old fish had no traces of Fukushima radiation at all.
Although it is possible that additional exposure to the plume could further increase radiation levels in the albacore, it would still be at a low level, the researchers said.
The plume is expected to reach the West Coast this month. Federal agencies aren't testing for it, but the Oregon Health Authority tests quarterly samples of seawater. Its next test is scheduled for May 13.
No Oregon agency does radiation testing on seafood for human consumption, either caught locally or imported from other countries, said Bruce Pokarney, spokesman for the Oregon Department of Agriculture.
Little is known about the migration patterns of young albacore before they enter the U.S. fishery at about three years of age, Phillips said.
Albacore mature at around age five, stop migrating long distances and move south to subtropical waters in the Central and West Pacific. They don't return to the West Coast of the United States.
"The presence of these radioactive isotopes is actually helping us in an odd way – giving us information that will allow us to estimate how albacore tuna migrate between our West Coast and Japan," Neville said.
The study has been published in the journal Environmental Science and Technology.
"This basically worked out as a pilot study," Neville said. "Because we did find these results, we were able to get a grant to look at albacore in much higher numbers all along the West Coast," Neville said.
Read the study here: http://bit.ly/1k75sbg
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1mSJ7Vb
A tremendous amount of research went into the creation of AE911Truth's brand new 50-page booklet, Beyond Misinformation: What Science Says About the Destruction of the World Trade Center Buildings 1, 2, and 7. But getting 20,000 copies of the booklet into the right hands turned out to be almost as challenging.
AE911Truth operations manager Andy Steele and volunteers Josh Ewing and Chris Kendall, who were responsible for building the distribution list for the mailing, had to be really creative as they went about finding contact information for the most influential people in government, media, academia, and professional associations and firms.
"These are the opinion makers and the newsmakers in their fields," Steele points out. "Now they can no longer claim ignorance of the evidence or turn a blind eye to the crime of the century, which is a cover-up of the fact that three buildings were brought down in controlled demolitions that day."
A particular challenge for Steele et al. was getting the booklet to the individuals who worked on the 9/11 official reports published by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). Ewing used LinkedIn profiles and anything else he could find to track them down to the places where they work now. After many hours of searching, he located more than 250 current or former NIST and FEMA employees or contractors.
Officers of the American Institute of Architects received booklets that were sent to each of the 300 local AIA chapters in the US.
Researching the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) proved especially daunting, since each member had to be reached individually, as no chapter addresses were available. An 80-page PDF booklet did contain all the necessary addresses — but lumped into one big paragraph and organized alphabetically by state. So the contact information had to be meticulously copied, then pasted into Notebook, then turned into spread sheets. Steele pulled an all-nighter in order to complete this arduous task.
"It was well worth it, given that we added 2,000 names and addresses that night."
Like Ewing, he also used LinkedIn to find many of the ASCE national board and committee members.
Steele says he found a list of the top 25 engineering colleges in the U.S. and through their websites was able to make a list of faculty members from the structural, chemical, mechanical, and civil engineering disciplines to whom the booklet could be sent. Among these schools were such prestigious institutions as MIT, Harvard, Princeton, Penn State, Johns Hopkins, and UCLA.
One donor to the Beyond Misinformation project asked that an outreach effort be made to every member of Congress and every state governor. This was relatively easy to do with addresses gleaned from government websites. It was also simple to find contact information for the presidents of hundreds of architectural and engineering firms as well as for each of the 51 members of the New York City Council.
The editorial staff at The New York Times (minus sports and arts writers) received copies. Any Times reporters or editors who read the booklet in September or in the first week of October did so under the shadow of the huge AE911Truth billboard that sat for an entire month right across the street from their building.
Other media members receiving Beyond Misinformation included Amy Goodman and Juan Gonzalez at Democracy Now!, the staff of The Rachel Maddow Show on MSNBC and of the Anderson Cooper 360 show on CNN, plus the entire staff of, respectively, Al-Jazeera America, The Discovery Channel, The Science Channel, and PBS in New York City. Of course, not to be forgotten were the producer and hosts of C-SPAN's Washington Journal, which had AE911Truth's Richard Gage as a guest last year.
Steele says it's vital for AE911Truth supporters around the US to pick up where he, Ewing, and Kendall left off — by putting the booklet into the hands of as many professionals and other decision makers as they can.
It's important to make friction wherever you can by talking about this evidence and spreading it far and wide."
He says he believes the compilation of this massive mailing list highlights how much AE911Truth needs volunteers to get the essential work done. To Steele, the people working behind the scenes are just as important to the success of an effort of this magnitude as are those who make speeches on behalf of 9/11 Truth and present the controlled demolition evidence.
"Activism is not just handing out flyers and talking on street corners, it's the nitty-gritty work that needs to get done to keep this machine moving," Steele emphasizes. "We need as much help as we can get."
Craig McKee is a journalist and the creator of the blog Truth and Shadows.
Gabriel Rasch is hoping to bring his professional racing career to a close with a big result when he competes in his final race with Team Sky at Paris-Roubaix. Related Articles Rasch's future in limbo
Rasch joins Boasson Hagen at Sky for 2013
Rasch to be directeur sportif at Sky in 2015?
Rasch to become Sky directeur sportif after 2014 classics
Gabriel Rasch directs Team Sky at the Vuelta a España
The 38-year-old Norwegian announced last October that he would transition from rider to directeur sportif with the squad after the Spring Classics, but admitted to TeamSky.com that he expects Sunday to be an emotional day, but the prospect of a new role brings excitement.
"Of course, it will be emotional after the race on Sunday, and I think if I'd quit cycling straight after retiring, it would have left a big hole in my life, but now I have new goals to motivate and challenge me," he said.
Rasch hasn't hung up his wheels just yet, and is hoping for that magical perfect race to achieve his best ever result in his sixth attempt at Paris-Roubaix.
"I know if everything goes my way, and I am really lucky, that I can be up there at Paris-Roubaix," he said. ""First and foremost, I'll be looking to help our team leaders, but I'd still like to be competitive myself and hang in there for as long as possible. If you've got the form on the day, you'll always have a chance because it's such an unpredictable race.
"I think my strengths as a rider suit this type of race but everything still has to run perfectly. The Classics are the hardest and best races in the sport in my opinion – and Paris-Roubaix is the biggest of them all. It has so much history and so many people turn out to watch it. I love everything about it and I'm pleased I've got the chance to ride it one last time."
Although Rasch won the Norwegian road race title in 2003, he was a relative latecomer to the upper echelons of the sport, making the step up to ProTour level at the age of 32 with the Crédit Agricole team of fellow countryman Thor Hushovd in 2008.
Rasch joined Hushovd at Cervélo TestTeam and Garmin-Cervélo in the years that followed, before parting company to sign for FDJ in 2012. At the end of last season, he was linked with a move to IAM Cycling, but ultimately opted to sign for Team Sky.
Rasch was part of Sky's classics squad in 2013, where he rode alongside Edvald Boasson Hagen and Geraint Thomas, and has continued in the role this season.
Click here to subscribe to the Cyclingnews video channel.
Following Sunday's race, Rasch will have some time to celebrate his career before starting his new position as DS at the Tour de Romandie. He said that physically he could continue to race, but opted to take the opportunity to move into this role at Sky while it was available.
"You never know when a chance like that is going to come again, especially not with a team like Team Sky," he said. "My head definitely made the decision for me, not my legs – they still feel strong. I turned professional quite late in my career so I'm not tired of the bike, training or racing.
"Although it's a logical step, being a DS is a completely different job to being a rider so I will need a few races as a second DS to learn the ropes before I start leading teams on my own."
He will lead the Tour de Romandie team with Servais Knaven, another Classics man turned DS.
"I'm fortunate because there's a great group of guys here to learn from. All the DS's are young, ex-riders, and they will all help me a lot. Having that set-up in place at Team Sky was really important for me. The staff we have here been all really positive and they want to help me learn."
In one of my previous blog articles, I wrote about how drug dealers use the darknet to sell their products. For this post, I will use police reports to show you more about drug possession in the real world. I chose the city of Chicago because they make all reported incidents of crime available through their open data platform which is the basis for the following analysis.
What are the most common drugs?
First, I took all reported incidents of drug possession since 2001 and checked how the numbers have changed over the past 15 years. The following graph shows the number of reported incidents by year and substance. The number of incidents of cannabis possessions peaked at more than 23k in 2010 and then decreased by nearly 55%, landing at 11k in 2015. Reported incidents related to the possession of crack cocaine continuously declined over the years, making heroin the second most common drug since 2010. It should be noted that these numbers only refer to the reported incidents of drug possession and not the actual drug consumption.
The map on the right shows hot spots in Chicago where many of the incidents took place. This heat map is based on the density of the incidents. In the recent years, we can see a higher concentration of the reports on the West Side.
Do drug preferences differ between areas?
Next, I wanted to find out if some drugs are more popular in certain areas than the others. To do this, I created three new heat maps for the possession of cocaine, heroin, and cannabis. As we can see below, there seems to be a difference between the three substances:
To find an explanation for the local differences, I downloaded census data on a community area level. We can use this data to explore how the community areas differ from each other in factors like education, income, race, or unemployment. If we plot this data in a map format and compare them to the previous heat maps, it shows that there could be a connection between them and the possession of certain drugs.
Judging by the looks of graphs is of course, not an appropriate method, which is why I also used a spatial regression to test how education, income, race, and unemployment relates to the reported possession of cocaine, heroin, and cannabis. The depended variables are the percentage of reported incidents based on the total population of the community area in which they occurred.
The results below show that reported cannabis possession is lower in community areas with a higher median income and education. For heroin, we see similar results with the exception that median income is not a significant factor but median age is. For cocaine, the only two significant variables are the relative shares of the Black and Hispanic population. Apparently more incidents of cocaine possession happen in areas with bigger Black and Hispanic populations.
If you have any suggestion or tips for future articles, please feel free to contact me by email or Reddit message.
Washington, D.C. — (RT) Transgender people will not be allowed to serve in the American military in any capacity, President Donald Trump said, adding that US forces shouldn't be “burdened by” medical costs and “disruption” they would bring.
“After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow … Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military,” Trump wrote on Twitter.
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow…… — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017
….Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017
….victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017
The Pentagon declined to comment on the transgender ban, referring all questions on the issue to the White House.
“We refer all questions about the president's statements to the White House. We will continue to work closely with the White House to address the new guidance by the commander-in-chief on transgender individuals serving the military. We will provide revised guidance to the department in the near future,” the Pentagon spokesman said.
Transgender people were allowed to serve in the US military last year under former President Barack Obama's administration.
They were provided with medical care and the ability to begin formally changing their gender identity in the Pentagon's personnel system from October 1, 2017.
According to a survey by Rand Corp, there were between 1,320 and 6,630 transgender troops on active duty in the US military in 2016.
Officials told AP that there are currently around 250 troops who have received formal approval to change their gender by the Pentagon, with their fate unclear after the announcement by Trump.
There's been a debate on the effect transgender troops may have on the battle readiness of the US military.
The commanders are concerned they may have medical and other issues, hampering them in executing their service duties, adding that trangenders may also become targets of discrimination.
The military was initially given until June 1 to evaluate the possible effects of transgender soldiers, with the term then prolonged for another six months.
A Rand Corp survey said there'll be “minimal impact on readiness and health care costs” due to a small number of transgender troops in the US military.
SegWit ‘Death' Challenge: BitPico Vows To Fork As Bitcoin.com Goes 100% Bitcoin Cash
SegWit2x may still happen, rumors suggest after its cancellation as Roger Ver's Bitcoin.com goes full Bitcoin Cash.
While the community reacted to the ‘death' of the hard fork, its ghosts are already haunting Bitcoin as previously unknown entity BitPico vowed to continue “regardless.”
“We are carrying out the fork regardless as everything is set in motion. Backing down the difficulty right now is a strategy,” BitPico wrote from a Microsoft iCloud address.
“Wonder why 30 percent network hash-rate disappeared? It's ours; the miners that will continue what is set in motion... A handful of humans cannot stop what they have no control over…”
The message raised suspicions, with entrepreneur Tuur Demeester suggesting it could even be a hoax.
Plot twist? "BitPico" claims B2X hard fork will happen, backed by 30% of hashrate. (Anyone knows who this is?) https://t.co/T8CUtLBJOU pic.twitter.com/NLK0POtvzY — Tuur Demeester (@TuurDemeester) November 9, 2017
The broad sense of relief that SegWit2x had failed to achieve consensus meanwhile appears not to have affected everyone.
Major US exchange Coinbase subsequently announced it was “monitoring” the 2x “update” and would make a statement “in the coming days.” Users reacted with confusion, as cancellation of the fork seemingly left nothing to be discussed.
Roger Ver, appearing disappointed at the NYA signers' decision to cancel, released a message confirming his Bitcoin.com resource would strictly deal with Bitcoin Cash only in the future.
The so-called “public service announcement” was condemned on social media by those regretting that entry-level users accessing Bitcoin.com simply because of its well-known address had little idea they were not accessing Bitcoin, but the Bitcoin Cash fork.
By Richard Stevens – Senior Writer/GoLobos.com
If you expect the University of New Mexico Lobos to do a little extra huffing and puffing on the first day of Camp Ruidoso, you won't be disappointed.
But if you expect to see Lobos running over to the sidelines looking for oxygen tanks, you will be disappointed. The Lobos threw out a spirited practice session on Tuesday and also pounded each other pretty good in a controlled scrimmage.
“You can't really control that (elevation),” said Lobo Coach Bob Davie . “It's just how you respond to things.”
The Lobos practice fields in Albuquerque are at about 5,100 feet and Ruidoso is around 6,900. That's a 1,800-foot bump up and the Lobos always notice it especially on the first day.
“You can always tell there is a difference,” said senior defensive lineman, Brett Bowers .
Said junior quarterback Cole Gautsche : “It still hits you the first day. You do warmups and you can feel shortness in breath. The drill work sometimes is rep after rep and sometimes that gets you more tired.
"In a scrimmage, you go hard for maybe six seconds and then you get a 30 second break.”
Or you get subbed out and another Lobo takes your place and you stand on the sideline.
Still, one of the first adjustments the Lobos make at the White Mountain Sports Complex located just out the backdoor of the Lodge at Sierra Blanca is finding oxygen.
“You notice that you don't seem to be getting as much oxygen at first, but this is my third year and I knew what to expect. That helps,” said junior linebacker, Richard Winston . “You notice it, but our summer training really helps us out.
“I love it up here. I know back in Arizona where I come from (Chandler) it's 110 (degrees) and I'm up here in cool Ruidoso at the best facilities in the world.”
The Lobos did a handful of drills on Tuesday, the first day at Camp Ruidoso, and then a crew of officials joined the practice session and Davie put his Lobos through a controlled scrimmage. The Lobos went hard at each other up front in the trenches, but the contact did not including tackling. The quarterbacks, running backs and receivers were not given any hits.
Davie said he felt his Lobos needed some contact via a scrimmage, but did not allow full-contact tackling.
“We tried to make it as realistic as we could make it,” said Davie, who said he thought full contact “might be pushing the envelope a little too much.”
There were a lot of impressive plays made by both the offense and the defense, but you put those plays in perspective by realizing that a lot of Lobos were holding back their all-out, game-day aggression.
“I think there was some juice on offense,” said Davie. “I feel like our quarterbacks have made a lot of progress starting with Cole (Gautsche) in the passing game. I think that's pretty evident.
"We have made some progress throwing the football.”
The Lobos also have an array of talent in the backfield looking to replace the numbers produced by ex-Lobo Kasey Carrier .
“We're pretty thin back there as far as guys who have lined up and consistently done it,” said Davie. “But two years ago when we first came in here nobody had heard of Kasey Carrier .”
A key to identifying which Lobos are ready to step into the hole left by Carrier will be watching how the backs do when the defense isn't being held back. And those all-out scrimmages are on the way.
“We're definitely going to do it,” said Davie of full-contact drills.
Sony is reportedly pitching the PSP2 as a high-end portable equivalent to its PS3. The gaming content on the platform will clearly differentiate the handheld from Apple's and Google's mobile products as well as the games found on the App Store and the Android Market.
To start the hype, Sony has told licensees that the PSP2 "is as powerful as the PlayStation 3," according to MCV. That is a bold statement, and certainly one that the company is going to have a hard time satisfying.
The company will reveal the first concrete details regarding the handheld in Tokyo on January 27. This is a month before Nintendo's 3DS platform goes on sale in Japan. Sony is already planning to reveal more at GDC and E3 after the initial announcement this month.
The new PSP is expected to arrive in Q4 2011. It includes an HD screen, twin-stick controls, and may even incorporate phone functions, but this won't be its primary use (that's what the PlayStation Phone is for). The device will also have some type of media format to make sure retail has a part to play in the console's lifecycle, but the device will also provide access to plenty of downloadable content (smaller games and apps) via PSN.
This time of year, cabin fever often starts to set in across much of North America as the late days of winter set in. But on Friday, there's a great excuse—actually several excuses—for venturing outdoors. That's because there will be a penumbral eclipse, a full moon and a fly-by of an emerald green comet all on the same night.
The unusual celestial triple play begins early Friday evening, reports Weather.com. Starting at 5:34 P.M. eastern time, people along the east coast will be able to observe a penumbral lunar eclipse, when the sun, moon and earth all align. Unlike a total eclipse, in which the Earth casts a cone-shaped shadow, or umbra, that blacks out the moon, the effect of a penumbral eclipse is more subtle, reports Deborah Byrd at EarthSky.com. The face of the moon will slowly darken several shades over time as it passes through the penumbra, the more diffuse area on the edge of the shadow cone.
According to Bruce McClure at EarthSky.com, the ideal spots to view this particular eclipse are in Europe, Africa, Greenland and Iceland and that the entire eclipse will last four hours and 20 minutes. In North America, the period of the greatest eclipse will take place at 7:44 P.M. local time. According to McClure, some people will notice the subtle shading but others may not be able to tell the moon is in shadow at all. Anyone hoping for a more showy eclipse will have to wait until August 21, however, when the first total solar eclipse that will be visible from all of the United States will take place for the first time in 99 years.
The second cosmic event taking place on Friday is the Full “Snow” Moon, which lights up the sky every February. Doyle Rice at USA Today explains that the name was given to the moon by Native Americans as part of a system used to keep track of the seasons. He reports that the name Snow Moon is pretty apt, since on average February is the snowiest month in the United States. There's also an alternate name, according to The Old Farmer's Almanac; it's also called the Full Hunger Moon because tough weather made hunting difficult during this time of year.
Anyone not too tuckered out by watching the eclipse can try and wait up (or get up early) for the third event, a flyby of comet Comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdušáková—the so-called New Year Comet. Weather.com reports that the comet will be visible with binoculars in the predawn hours when it passes through the constellation Hercules.
Its three names come from the astronomers who discovered it in 1948, writes Irene Klotz at Seeker, and it will pass 7.4 million miles from Earth. This is closer than the last time it appeared in 2011, making it the eighth closest comet to buzz our planet since tracking began in 1950, Klotz reports.
The comet is unusual in other ways as well. It has a beautiful emerald green color, likely caused by the evaporation of diatomic carbon. And Spaceweather.com reports that early incoming glimpses of the comet show it has undergone some changes since observers last saw it. It's three times dimmer than expected and it seems to have lost its tail. Spaceweather proposes that when the comet went around the sun inside the orbit of Venus, it burned off too much of its ice core, extinguishing its tail.
Sky and Telescope advises that anyone who misses 45P will have a chance to see another comet using binoculars, C/2015 ER61, when it appears in the sky during mid-April to mid-May.
As many as 140 cases of rape and 238 cases of molestation were registered by Delhi Police in January this year alone, of which 43 and 133 cases respectively remain unsolved.
The number of rape cases registered in 2016 was 2,155, of which 291 were unsolved, while there were 4,165 molestation cases of which 1,132 are unsolved.
There were 36 rape cases registered against Delhi Police personnel in the years 2014, 2015 and 2016. Of these, 28 were registered in Delhi and 8 in other states. While two of these cases were cancelled or quashed, in six cases there were aquittals while 28 cases are pending trial or investigation.
Ninety cases of molestation and 9 cases of eve-teasing were also registered against Delhi Police personnel in these three years.
The details were tabled in the Rajya Sabha by minister of state for home affairs Hans Raj Ahir during Question Hour.
According to the details provided by the minister, 51 cases of eve-teasing were registered, of which 25 remain unsolved.
“The reasons for unsolved cases vary from case to case. However, some of the main reasons include non- identification of the accused person, stay on the arrest of the accused by courts, insufficient evidence or the accused person is absconding and not traceable,” the minister said.
First Published: Feb 08, 2017 16:58 IST
The adamant ticketless train passenger who refused to pay Rs 260 fine saying authorities should force Vijay Mallya to pay his dues first, has been sent to Byculla jail for 7 days.
Premlata Bhansali of South Mumbai was caught travelling without a ticket on a Mumbai local on Sunday afternoon. Upon being asked to pay the fine for her offence, Bhansali got into a heated argument with rail authorities and police, and later on, wanted to be presented in front of a magistrate.
On Tuesday, Bhansali accepted all the charges read out by the Magistrate and yet refused to pay the fine, now amounting to Rs 1500. The court even reduced the fine to Rs 460 on humanitarian grounds, but Bhansali kept saying, "The government does not nail the rich but are after the poor like me," reports Mumbai Mirror.
Also read Vijay Mallya's luxury Airbus 319 jet to be auctioned on May 12
The Magistrate then sent her to police custody for seven days. Bhansali has refused to budge from her stance and has said that she would not pay the fine even if she is jailed for six months or a year.
(Reuters) - The Trump administration on Friday reversed Obama-era guidelines on how colleges should handle sexual assault allegations that it said treated the accused unfairly.
U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has said the guidelines established under former Democratic President Barack Obama, under the Title IX U.S. education equality rules, led to too many students being falsely charged, and that schools were scared of being accused of ignoring accusations.
The Education Department is issuing new “interim guidance” to help schools combat sexual misconduct while treating all students fairly, DeVos said in a statement.
It also issued a Q&A that, among other things, described a school's responsibility to address such complaints, detailed interim measures that may be appropriate, and summarized what procedures a school should follow to adjudicate a finding.
“Schools must continue to confront these horrific crimes and behaviors head-on,” DeVos said in the statement. “But the process also must be fair and impartial, giving everyone more confidence in its outcomes.”
The interim guidelines stress that investigations must be “equitable,” with full disclosure of evidence to both parties.
Advocates for sexual assault victims feared the move would curb protections and could discourage victims from speaking out.
“This is a blatant rollback from the strong and much-needed guidance that was in place,” said Kim Churches, chief executive officer of the American Association of University Women.
House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi denounced the change as a “shocking attack” on women that dismantles protections that millions of young people have relied on for safety and justice.
The guidelines set up under Obama have come under fire from critics because of the strict rules colleges must follow when investigating sexual assault complaints or risk losing funding under Title IX, the federal law that bars sexual discrimination in education.
The Obama guidelines, issued in 2011 and updated in 2014, required colleges to investigate complaints even if there was a separate criminal probe. Unlike in criminal cases, where guilt must be proved beyond a reasonable doubt, universities may judge students based on a preponderance of evidence.
That guidance “may have been well-intentioned,” the Education Department said, but it led to “the deprivation of rights for many students.”
In developing a new set of guidelines, the department said it would follow a standard rule-making process, including seeking public comments.
The new guidelines come after high-profile cases of campus sexual assaults, including at Stanford University in California where an athlete received a light sentence after being convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman.
Earlier this month, the Education Department said 360 sexual violence cases were under investigation at 250 colleges and universities.
President Barack Obama. Carolyn Kaste/AP Photo President Barack Obama believes he would have won the 2016 presidential election had he been able to run, insisting the message of "hope and change" he campaigned on in 2008 still holds true.
"I am confident in this vision because I'm confident that if I had run again and articulated it, I think I could've mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind it," Obama told David Axelrod, his former senior adviser and current CNN Senior Political Commentator, on CNN's "The Axe Files" podcast aired on Monday.
Obama asserted that, in conversations he had across the nation, even "some people who disagreed" with him would say "the direction that you point towards is the right one."
Despite some who have seen Trump's November victory as a repudiation of his administration, Obama is still confident in his vision of America.
"What I would argue is, is that the culture actually did shift, that the majority does buy into the notion of a one America that is tolerant and diverse and open and full of energy and dynamism," Obama said.
Throughout the interview, Obama and Axelrod analyzed the political conditions that led to Trump and Republicans' victory in the presidential and congressional elections. Obama noted Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's "pretty smart and well executed" strategy of obstructionism as critical to Republicans' ability to "puncture" talk "about hope and change."
Obama faulted the election loss to Democrats for failing to be "on the ground" communicating that the party and their policies are aimed at working class voters. Despite the loss, Obama aid Hillary Clinton "performed wonderfully under really tough circumstances" and was mistreated by the media.
Obama currently has the highest approval rating he's ever had during his second term — 57 percent according to a Gallup survey conducted in November.
Content Update 2.4.2
Huge Multi-Sale! Some microtransactions aren't put on sale via daily deals very often. We receive frequent requests to discount these items, but we generally favour discounting the most popular headline microtransactions instead. To solve this, we decided to discount many of these microtransactions at the same time!
As of the time of this post we're running a huge sale on over 30 microtransactions with discounts ranging from 33% up to 66% off their store price! This is a great way to clear out any dusty points you might have left over in preparation for the new supporter packs we're launching this weekend! To check out the deals, just visit the
Upcoming Supporter Packs This weekend we're launching two new supporter packs to celebrate the imminent 2.5.0 Content Update and Challenge Leagues. These packs will be available alongside the existing Atlas of Worlds supporter packs. The new packs will cost $30USD and $60USD and contain 250 points and 550 points respectively, as well as several exclusive microtransactions. The $60 pack will contain all the perks of the $30 pack and more!
Earlier this week we revealed that these packs will contain a new microtransaction type: Cloaks! If you'd like to see a teaser of the Cloak you can purchase as part of the larger supporter pack check out
Upgrading Supporter Packs and Payment plans Some of you may be in the position of wanting to participate in the current multi-sale but you're waiting for the new supporter packs to purchase any points. In this case, you might be interested in considering a supporter pack upgrade.
It's possible to upgrade any plain point packs that you've purchased since August 12th to the Atlas of Worlds Packs or the new supporter packs! This means if you purchase points today for the sale you can still use these as credit towards the new supporter packs.
You can only credit up to 80% of the value of the desired supporter pack towards an upgrade. This means, the maximum amount of points you could credit towards the $30/250 point pack would be 200 points. The maximum amount of points you could credit towards the $60USD/550 point pack would be 440 points. After you've hit the maximum threshold for points you would then need to pay the remaining cost of the pack in order to upgrade.
It's not possible to upgrade Atlas of Worlds Supporter Packs to the new supporter packs and vice versa. You can only upgrade points to a supporter pack, or you can upgrade lower tier supporter packs to higher tier supporter packs of the same type.
Payment plans are also possible if you're wanting a pack but not ready to pay the full amount. The payment amounts and times are very flexible, you just need to arrange the schedule with customer support in advance. The payment plans can reserve a pack for you for up to 6 months after the commencement of your plan. You won't receive the perks of the supporter pack until the payment plan is complete, so it may be preferable to simply purchase points and upgrade as you go to receive immediate benefits of these purchases.
You can also arrange a payment plan using your Steam Wallet. To arrange this, or for more information about supporter packs, upgrades and payment plans just contact us at support@grindinggear.com and we'll be happy to help in any way that we can.
Carnage Mystery Boxes The Tomorrow (Friday, NZT) we're deploying Content Update 2.4.2 . The following day (Saturday, NZT), we'll be announcing the full details of our December challenge league and 2.5.0 update. Alongside this reveal, we will launch two new supporter packs. In the meantime, we're holding a huge sale on over 30 microtransactions! Content Update 2.4.2 introduces three new skills, improvements to master missions, and the optional 64-bit DirectX 11 client! Thank you so much for your patience while we've worked on this patch. We apologise for the long wait, but we hope it will be well worth it! Finishing our new league has been keeping us busy and you'll hear all about it this weekend.Some microtransactions aren't put on sale via daily deals very often. We receive frequent requests to discount these items, but we generally favour discounting the most popular headline microtransactions instead. To solve this, we decided to discount many of these microtransactions at the same time!As of the time of this post we're running a huge sale on over 30 microtransactions with discounts ranging from 33% up to 66% off their store price! This is a great way to clear out any dusty points you might have left over in preparation for the new supporter packs we're launching this weekend! To check out the deals, just visit the Specials section of the store. This sale will end at Nov 18, 2016 9:00 PM.This weekend we're launching two new supporter packs to celebrate the imminent 2.5.0 Content Update and Challenge Leagues. These packs will be available alongside the existing Atlas of Worlds supporter packs. The new packs will cost $30USD and $60USD and contain 250 points and 550 points respectively, as well as several exclusive microtransactions. The $60 pack will contain all the perks of the $30 pack and more!Earlier this week we revealed that these packs will contain a new microtransaction type: Cloaks! If you'd like to see a teaser of the Cloak you can purchase as part of the larger supporter pack check out this video Some of you may be in the position of wanting to participate in the current multi-sale but you're waiting for the new supporter packs to purchase any points. In this case, you might be interested in considering a supporter pack upgrade.It's possible to upgrade any plain point packs that you've purchased since August 12th to the Atlas of Worlds Packs or the new supporter packs! This means if you purchase points today for the sale you can still use these as credit towards the new supporter packs.You can only credit up to 80% of the value of the desired supporter pack towards an upgrade. This means, the maximum amount of points you could credit towards the $30/250 point pack would be 200 points. The maximum amount of points you could credit towards the $60USD/550 point pack would be 440 points. After you've hit the maximum threshold for points you would then need to pay the remaining cost of the pack in order to upgrade.It's not possible to upgrade Atlas of Worlds Supporter Packs to the new supporter packs and vice versa. You can only upgrade points to a supporter pack, or you can upgrade lower tier supporter packs to higher tier supporter packs of the same type.Payment plans are also possible if you're wanting a pack but not ready to pay the full amount. The payment amounts and times are very flexible, you just need to arrange the schedule with customer support in advance. The payment plans can reserve a pack for you for up to 6 months after the commencement of your plan. You won't receive the perks of the supporter pack until the payment plan is complete, so it may be preferable to simply purchase points and upgrade as you go to receive immediate benefits of these purchases.You can also arrange a payment plan using your Steam Wallet. To arrange this, or for more information about supporter packs, upgrades and payment plans just contact us at support@grindinggear.com and we'll be happy to help in any way that we can.The Carnage Mystery Boxes are only available for another two weeks! These will stop being available when the Content Update 2.5.0 goes live on December 2nd. If you're interested in trying your luck at pieces of the Carnage Armour Set and other awesome rewards for only 25 points it's best to get in quick!
Sarah Kendzior is a writer in St. Louis.
Journalist Simon Shuster said it was “straight out of Hieronymus Bosch.” Writer Philip Gourevitch thought it was more like Bruegel. But the main word to describe the violent clashes in Ukraine's capital city of Kyiv was “apocalyptic.” As in: “This is one of the most apocalyptic photos I've ever seen in the news,” as Wired reporter Steve Silberman tweeted below a picture shared more than 1,500 times. And the BBC: “Ukraine crisis: Kiev night clashes ‘apocalyptic.'” And ABC News: “The Kiev Protests Are Starting to Look Apocalyptic.”
The Kyiv protests were also starting to look like clickbait. By the end of the day on Wednesday, Business Insider, Talking Points Memo, Buzzfeed and Mashable had all published their own listicle versions of what Huffington Post called “Ukraine Crisis: 12 Apocalyptic Pictures After Nation's Deadliest Day.” High in resolution, low on explanation, the articles painted Ukraine's carnage by numbers.
Story Continued Below
A new genre had been born: the apocalypsticle.
Ukraine has never been a country that attracted mainstream media interest. The tens of thousands of people viewing, sharing and posting photos of the Eastern European state likely had little knowledge of what Ukraine looked like before the violence—protesters are now claiming at least 100 people have died in the latest clashes—took place. The fascination of the photos is not that Ukraine no longer look familiar, but that it finally does. Ukraine looks like a movie set, like World War II, like the apocalypse. It spurs the imagination because it is real.
Ukraine looks like nothing is really supposed to look, and so no one can stop looking.
What does it mean for Ukrainians? Few apocalypsticle authors pose the question, because the only relevant question is what it means to them: traffic. Ask not what Buzzfeed can do for Ukrainians, but what dying Ukrainians can do for Buzzfeed. (Among the things Buzzfeed could not do: caption the photos or spell “Ukrainian” correctly.)
One could charitably see the apocalypsticle as dumbing up. At least the pictures were of the actual people in the conflict, instead of, say, characters from The Hills explaining Syria. Western websites were giving Ukrainian activists what they wanted: foreign media attention. “I am a native of Kyiv. I want you to know why thousands of people all over my country are on the streets,” a Ukrainian activist said in a typical video pleading for coverage.
Unfortunately, the answer to the activist's question of “why” is ignored in a clickbait competition where a picture is worth zero words. The only “wh-“ word that matters is “whoa”: Look at the fire, the water, the bullets, the blood. Look, but do not listen. Look inward, at the movie you watched that looked like Ukraine, at the painting you saw that looked like Ukraine. Look at Ukraine without seeing Ukraine.
Riot police storm Independence Square, the epicenter of the unrest, in Kyiv on Feb. 18. | Efrem Lukatsky/AP Photo
***
America has its own way of confronting unfathomable horrors: It makes them comprehensible by transforming them into porn. We have poverty porn, disaster porn and, in the ultimate American reconciliation of the sublime, weather porn. We seem to get off on destruction as a visual experience, removed from participation and consequence.
Pornography has long been seen as prurient but inevitable, and, in the Internet era, so ubiquitous as to be banal. Now apparently pain is, too. In the era of disaster porn, watching people suffer provokes the same sly admission of guilt as watching people have sex.
Last month, I wrote about Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 122, the unit whose commander, in his infinite wisdom, had decided to change the unit's nickname from the "Werewolves" to the "Crusaders," a change that came complete with a nice big crusader shield and cross being painted on its planes.
This unit, given the nickname Werewolves before its first WWII combat tour, was renamed the Crusaders in 1958 when the plane it was flying was the F-8 Crusader. But in 2008, when the unit was preparing to deploy to Iraq, the name was changed back to the Werewolves by the unit's then commander, Lt. Col. William Lieblein, who, stating the obvious, said, "The notion of being a crusader in that part of the world doesn't float."
But earlier this year, the unit's new commander, Lt. Col. Wade Wiegel, decided to change the name back to Crusaders, telling the Beaufort Gazette that he just didn't see calling a U.S. military unit the Crusaders as being "politically incorrect."
On April 18, after receiving dozens of complaints about this name change, the Military Religious Freedom Foundation (MRFF) sent a letter to the Commandant of the Marine Corps and Secretary of the Navy demanding that the unit stop using the name Crusaders and the cross and shield imagery.
After receiving MRFF's demand letter, the decision was made to change the unit's name back to the Werewolves. So, problem solved, no more issue, right? Well, not quite.
On May 18, the General Counsel of the Commandant of the Marine Corps, Robert D. Hogue, and one of his colleagues spoke on the phone with MRFF's lead legal counsel on this matter, Caroline Mitchell of the firm Jones Day. MRFF was not aware at the time of this phone call that the decision had allegedly (according to what the military said after the fact) already been made to change the unit's name back - and, apparently, neither was the General Counsel of the Commandant of the Marine Corps, who proceeded to explain to Ms. Mitchell that there was a secular purpose to using the Crusaders name and imagery.
When msnbc.com reported on this story last week, they mentioned the phone call between MRFF's counsel and the Marine Corps counsel, but this part of the story is so insane that it deserves more attention. Seriously, you ain't gonna believe the points that General Counsel of the Commandant of the Marine Corps made in his attempt to defend the use of the Crusader name and cross.
The most incomprehensibly unbelievable point advanced by these legal geniuses was that the Crusades were not religious. They were just military in nature, and therefore the term Crusades evokes "military" history, not "religion." I kid you not. The General Counsel of the Commandant of the Marine Corps DOESN'T THINK THE CRUSADES WERE RELIGIOUS!
These Marine Corps lawyers then asked Ms. Mitchell if a cross always has a religious connotation, and they were ready with an example of one that doesn't - the X on the Confederate flag! That's right. Their great example of the secular use of a cross is a symbol that evokes something much better - the Dukes of Hazzard (oh yeah, and racism and slavery, too).
But wait, there's more! They also asked Ms. Mitchell if the use of the Crusaders name and imagery would be permissible in a theater where the people are "illiterate," apparently assuming that everyone in the Middle East is illiterate, and that the image of a shield with a cross on it wouldn't be clear to anyone, whether they could read or not.
They next asked if the usage of this name and imagery would be acceptable in Africa, apparently unaware that there are significant Muslim populations in Africa as well as the Middle East.
Other questions included whether or not it would be acceptable to remove the cross, but leave the shield and continue use of the Crusaders name, or to use an image of a Crusader plane instead and keep the name.
Reply to SC shows low regard in which low-income citize­ns, minori­ties are held
ISLAMABAD: The Capital Development Authority (CDA) has used the lowest common denominator to justify its slum razing — bigotry. The civic agency, in a reply to the Supreme Court, has claimed that the influx of poor Christians from across the country could lead to ‘demographic problems'. Its suggestions to resolve the slum crisis also include a number of points that may infringe on the fundamental rights of citizens.
The CDA's typo-laden reply in the katchi abadis case states, “it is necessary to identify the fact that most katchi abadis are under the occupation of the Christian community” and have shifted from across the country and occupied government land so boldly it has been allotted to them and it seems “this pace of occupation of land may affect the Muslim majority of the capital”.
Who will help the Christian slum dwellers in Islamabad now?
The reply also states that katchi abadis distort the image of many sectors of the federal capital, making them resemble ugly villages, whereas Islamabad was once considered one of the most beautiful cities in the world.
The CDA contends that it is urgently necessary to remove katchi abadis to provide a better environment to the citizens of capital and protect the beauty of Islamabad, while also preventing state land from being stolen.
It also said people who do not believe rule of law are being encouraged by recognition of some katchi abadis, and that this leads to more encroachment of CDA land by encroachers and land grabbers.
Symbol of hope: Karachi to have ‘bulletproof' cross
The reply states that these encroachers have occupied land worth billions of rupees and the CDA is not in a position to dispose of this land through auctions to finance development work, adding that funds are also required for the provision of alternate accommodation.
The CDA also accuses some slum residents of acting as slumlords, saying that they build shacks in the slums and then sell or rent them out.
The reply says that the CDA currently has no provisions in its governing ordinance for regulation of illegal settlements, adding that the housing ministry and National Housing Authority, on the direction of the federal government may take measures for the resettlement of squatters, and that this can only be done by allocation of a special budget for the acquisition of land at suitable locations, which need not be within the city limits of the capital.
It also said that there are thousands of low income groups who came from different parts of the country in search of jobs, residing in Rawalpindi in single rooms, and even servant quarters, but they do not encroach government land. Contrary to this, encroachers of CDA land do not care for law or regulation, and if these were allowed to accommodate in Islamabad this may result in create of deprivation among the poor people who are living in Rawalpindi
White among the green: A way forward for minorities
The CDA suggests that the federal and provincial governments formulate policies regarding the improvement of economic conditions of villagers in order to discourage rural-urban migration.
It also requested the SC to allow action to be taken against illegal settlements falling in Islamabad's limits and for illegal occupants to be returned to their hometowns.
Published in The Express Tribune, December 5th, 2015.
Read full story
The federal government has put forward further cuts to our social security system that will make life more difficult for many vulnerable Australians who are already struggling to survive.
In a speech delivered yesterday, Alan Tudge, the minister for human services, proposed that reducing “welfare dependency” is a critical component of the government's reform agenda. The minister argued that the proposed changes to our social security system will improve the lives of the people targeted; that they are for their own good and based on principles of “mutual obligation”.
We know through our work supporting Australians through periods of unemployment, addiction or traumatic life events, that support, not punishment, is what works to help people who face real barriers to searching for jobs.
Human services minister says more welfare will do little to alleviate poverty Read more
Whether mistakenly or disingenuously, the measures are being justified by claims that they will reduce “pathways into poverty”, such as family breakdown, addiction and unemployment. The reality is that the proposed measures will push already vulnerable people further into poverty and increase stigma around addiction.
One of the key reforms is the introduction of a “demerit system” for job seekers. People will be penalised for not turning up to jobactive appointments or job interviews. The sanction could be losing their already meagre income for up to four weeks.
The job seekers who will be caught up in the demerit system will be people with challenging and complex lives. They will be people who struggle with health concerns, substance misuse, family violence, volatile housing, or onerous caring responsibilities – and often with more than one of those issues at once.
A big stick doesn't make any of those complexities go away.
Cutting job seekers' income actually reduces their capacity to look for work. With people on lower incomes pushed out to live on the fringes of our cities and towns because of rising rents, the cost of travelling to interviews can be substantial. For people who can't afford rent and don't have a secure home, who may be living out of their car or sleeping on a friend's floor, getting a good night's sleep and a hot shower before an interview can be a huge challenge.
The demerit system will have unacceptable impacts on peoples' lives and their families. People receiving income support are often barely surviving on payments that have been driven well below the cost of living. A single person on Newstart has to scrape by on $38 a day. For a person on Youth Allowance, it is $31. In many cities and towns across Australia now, that will not cover the rent, let alone food and bills. There is no buffer for savings or unexpected costs.
When you remove even that flimsy safety net, people will have no means to get by. By cutting off one income, entire families could be pushed into further poverty and into homelessness.
While organisations like Mission Australia stand ready to support people in need, we also believe it is the role of government to provide a strong and secure social safety net for all Australians, particularly the most vulnerable among us.
It doesn't feel good to have to ask for charity. It can be disenfranchising and distressing. When people have a sense of agency to make their own choices, they are empowered and more likely to gain independence and fulfil their aspirations.
Our social security system was created as a safety net, to catch people falling into financial and personal difficulties. As a society, we recognise that it is good for us all when every person in our community has income support to meet their basic needs and work toward a brighter future. It's something most of us contribute to and benefit from at some point in our lives.
The proposed changes that have earned the loudest and most frenzied media headlines are those that target people with substance misuse issues.
If passed by the parliament, 5000 people at three locations across Australia will be forced through the indignity of a randomised drug test or face having their social security payments cut.
'Ration days again': cashless welfare card ignites shame Read more
For people who consent to the test and fail, their income will be quarantined into a cashless welfare card. Another indignity that wrongly mistakes paternalism for a helping hand. This will stigmatise people, not support them.
Making people who receive social security pay with a card that announces to the world that they are receiving social security payments is not treating them with dignity.
When people with substance misuse issues are unable to work, the threat of punishment will not be enough to help them to get a job. Additional pressures that come from unreasonable job search requirements may even feed the cycle of addiction. While they will also be referred to treatment, a scarcity of specialist services means that many people will face a long wait.
Our experience shows that people given the opportunity to seek treatment, develop their skills and gain employment will grasp it with both hands. Providing adequate services including rehabilitation, training and employment support for those with complex needs must become a greater priority.
It is a shame that some very welcome targeted early intervention initiatives to assist people into employment have been overshadowed by a heavy handed stick approach that is unlikely to result in positive outcomes for those who most need support. Driving people deeper into poverty is never the answer.
KALAMAZOO, MI -- Police have released a video of a Pontiac car crashing into a bus in Kalamazoo.
The crash happened about 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, May 24, when a mid-sized Pontiac traveling at a high rate of speed struck a Metro Transit bus that was sitting at the light at the intersection of Oakland Drive and South Street in Kalamazoo, Detective Shannon Bagley said.
The car went airborne during the crash, he said. It was captured on the dash camera video of a police cruiser near the intersection.
Six people were injured and both drivers were initially trapped in their vehicles. Both drivers were in surgery following the crash, police said Wednesday evening.
The drivers of both vehicles are listed in serious condition, police said Thursday at noon.
Serious bus-car crash in Kalamazoo 5 Gallery: Serious bus-car crash in Kalamazoo
The bus was transporting six people at the time of the crash and four of them suffered injuries considered not life-threatening, police said.
The investigation is still ongoing and speed is still one of the factors in this incident. Detectives plan to release more information as the investigation continues.
Investigators want to speak with the car's driver, who was in critical condition following the crash.
Police don't know why the car was speeding or whether alcohol is a factor, Bagley said. Investigators said Thursday morning they were waiting for results of bloodwork.
"Until we talk to the people involved we're at a standstill," Bagley said. "Until we can speak to the driver of the vehicle, and that's not going to be any time soon based on his condition."
Metro Transit Executive Director Sean McBride said the bus was coming from downtown on its route.
The bus driver is a longtime employee of about 20 years of Metro Transit, he said.
Officials are working to obtain video from cameras inside the bus, he said, though the camera system may have been damaged.
Metro Transit will carry out its own investigation of the crash, he said.
Anyone with information about the crash can call police at 269-337-8994 or Silent Observer at 269-343-2100.
Bold Predictions are a tough art. Get too bold, and you're going to look ridiculous. "Jason Zucker will win the Art Ross Trophy." "Mikko Koivu: 35 goal-scorer?" If you're not bold enough, and you're just making a prediction. "Zach Parise will lead the Wild in Goals." "The Wild will finally have a good Power Play." You have to reach to the fringes of likelihood and strike that fine balance between preposterous and plausible.
Our staff at HW will be making bold predictions throughout this week, in that time we'll be trying to find that balance. We continue with: The Wild will have 4 players score 25 goals in 2014-15.
The History
Some of you are probably dialing The Common Man right now to turn me in for the Preposterous Statement Tournament- but hold on, just for a minute. A journey over to Hockey Reference can assist us in dispelling the preposterous-ness of my claim. If you follow that link (here it is again) you will find a table of every player to score 25 or more goals in a season. If you then sort by Team Name at the top, you can easily start to see whether having 4 or more 25-goal scorers in a season is common, or extremely rare.
What we find is that it is extremely common for a team to have 3 players with 25+ goals in one season. Just a few examples: In 2013-14, Boston had 3 with Brad Marchand, Jarome Iginla, and Patrice Bergeron. Colorado had Paul Stastny, Ryan O'Reilly, and Gabriel Landeskog. Edmonton had David Perron, Taylor Hall, and Jordan Eberle. The Penguins had James Neal, Chris Kunitz, and Crosby. The Blues had Alex Steen, Jaden Schwartz, and Backes.... I could go on. That is a long... LONG... list of teams with 3 25-goal scorers.
"But Chris!" you might say "At the beginning you said the Wild would have 4! Show me examples of THAT!" Ok, I will. Most recently, the Blackhawks had 4 25+ scorers in Jonathan Toews, Patricks Sharp and Kane, and Marian Hossa. Pittsburg had 4 in 2011-12 with James Neal, Evgeni Malkin, Chris Kunitz, and Pascal Dupuis. Chicago in 10-11, with Toews, Kane, Sharp, and Hossa (d'oh). Anaheim in 2008-09 had Teemu Selanne, Bobby Ryan, Corey Perry, and Ryan Getzlaf. Chicago in 08-09 with Toews, Kane, Sharp and Hossa Havlat. Detroit in the same year had Henrik Zetterberg, Marian Hossa (double do'h!), Johan Franzen, and Pavel Datsyuk.
Finally, in the realm of the "say what?!" in 2008-2009, the Philadelphia Flyers employed Mike Richards, Joffrey Lupul, Mike Knuble, Scott Hartnell, Simon Gagne, and Jeff Carter, all of whom scored 25 or more goals.
Phew. Take a deep breath- that was a long list.
The Players
Now that we've established that having 3 or more 25 Goal Scorers is not only possible, but common, let's take a look at whom these goal scorers are, and how they will attain said feat.
Jason "The Mayor Of" Pominville
Pominville was Minnesota's sole 30-goal scorer this season, marking the third time he's reach the benchmark (the previous 2 were 2006-7 and 2011-12 with the Sabres). Pominville has been a key producer for the Wild, and can be relied upon to score, especially with Mikael Granlund feeding him the puck. With Granlund's improving talent, and more players for opposing defenses to keep track of, he will almost certainly reach the 25-goal mark next season.
Zach "Captain America" Parise
Parise garnered 29 goals this past season. This included missing 15 games due to injury. At his rate of .43 goals/game (or 1.2 goals per 60 minutes), it is almost a guarantee he would have scored AT LEAST 30 goals last season. In any case, Parise can safely be expected to net 25 goals next season. He has scored 30+ goals on 5 occasions, and that would have been 6 if not for the injury last season. In the lockout-shortened 48-game season, Parise averaged .0375 goals per game (18 goals in 48 games), which would have been 30.75 goals in 82 games. In other words, if not for an injury and a lockout-shortened season, it's entirely possible Parise would have scored 30 goals 7 times in his career, including twice as a member of the Wild. 25 goals next year? No problem, barring an injury.
Thomas "Phantom Menace" Vanek
Thomas Vanek was brought on board to score goals, and this is almost certainly what he will do this next season. In his career, Vanek has reached 25 goals 8 times. This includes the 2013-14 season, during which Vanek played for 3 separate squads. Darth Maul is a scorer, and with the improved talent on the Wild (compared to the Sabres) he should have no time scoring 25 goals for the 9th time in his career.
This brings us to our fourth player to score 25 goals:
Nino "The Knightrider" Niederreiter
Nino is an exciting player. He scored 17 goals for the Wild this season (including 3 post-season goals) in 94 total games. There were a number of factors holding him back. Primarily, for much of the season, Nino was stuck behind Charlie Coyle on the depth chart. Last season, Coyle spent 458 Minutes on the ice with Mikko Koivu compared to Niederreiter's 172.
When they were on the ice together, Koivu and Niederreiter combined for 60.6% Corsi For. That is dominating. Coyle and Koivu's numbers are good- 57.1%. The picture changes when you consider that, without Koivu, Coyle's CF% plummets to a paltry 41, while Niederreiter's only decays to 47%. It's also worth remembering that Nino, when not playing with Koivu, was most often in a 3rd line "checking" role, with teammates that simply couldn't support him.
Nino's combination of speed and size makes him exactly the kind of player that can be an offensive dynamo. He has shown an affinity for long range sniping ( a la game 7 against the Avalanche), as well as being a net-front presence. Watch Nino's first three goals on Gone Puck Wild- very reminiscent of Parise and Vanek.
Still not convinced El Nino can do it?
In Zach Parise's first year with the New Jersey Devils, he played in 81 games, scored 14 regular-season goals, and had 18 assists. In Pominville's first season with the Sabres, he played 57 games, scored 18 regular-season goals, and had 12 assists. In Nino's first season with the Wild, he played 81 games, scored 14 regular-season goals, and had 22 assists. Both Parise and Pominville hit 30 goals in their second seasons- it is far from absurd to think Nino can score 11 more goals, especially if he is played in the role he deserves.
Final Thoughts
Giving a look over the Wild's roster as it stands, who stick out as the likely scorers for this offensively-deprived team? Clearly Pominville, Parise, and Vanek are your 1A, B, and C in no particular order. Who is number 2? Mikko Koivu passes first, and is a brilliant set-up player, but simply not a scorer. The same is true of Mikael Granlund (though some have said he'll net 25 goals also). Coyle has definitely improved from year one to year two despite an injury, but hasn't shown a willingness to go to the front of the net. Erik Haula could be offensively brilliant, but was benefited by a sky-high shooting percentage in the postseason. Michael Keranen was the leading scorer in his European League, but has yet to play a minute of North American hockey, and will need at least some time to adjust, if he makes the roster at all.
Nino was clearly not a fit in New York, but has forged himself one here in the State of Hockey. He has shown the ability to score, and is exactly the kind of player who is ripe for a breakout season next year. It is anything but preposterous to think he could score 25 goals next year, particularly with two mentors who had similar first seasons and netted more than 30 the next year.
To understand what is happening to the living planet, the great conservationist Aldo Leopold remarked, is to live "in a world of wounds … An ecologist must either harden his shell and make believe that the consequences of science are none of his business, or he must be the doctor who sees the marks of death in a community that believes itself well and does not want to be told otherwise."
The metaphor suggests that he might have seen Henrik Ibsen's play, An Enemy of the People. Thomas Stockmann is a doctor in a small Norwegian town, and medical officer at the public baths whose construction has been overseen by his brother, the mayor. The baths, the mayor boasts, "will become the focus of our municipal life! … Houses and landed property are rising in value every day."
But Stockmann discovers that the pipes have been built in the wrong place, and the water feeding the baths is contaminated. "The source is poisoned … We are making our living by retailing filth and corruption! The whole of our flourishing municipal life derives its sustenance from a lie!" People bathing in the water to improve their health are instead falling ill.
Stockmann expects to be treated as a hero for exposing this deadly threat. After the mayor discovers that re-laying the pipes would cost a fortune and probably sink the whole project, he decides that his brother's report "has not convinced me that the condition of the water at the baths is as bad as you represent it to be".
The mayor proposes to ignore the problem, make some cosmetic adjustments and carry on as before. After all, "the matter in hand is not simply a scientific one. It is a complicated matter, and has its economic as well as its technical side." The local paper, the baths committee and the business people side with the mayor against the doctor's "unreliable and exaggerated accounts".
Astonished and enraged, Stockmann lashes out madly at everyone. He attacks the town as a nest of imbeciles, and finds himself, in turn, denounced as an enemy of the people. His windows are broken, his clothes are torn, he's evicted and ruined.
Today's editorial in the Daily Telegraph, which was by no means the worst of the recent commentary on this issue, follows the first three acts of the play. Marking the new assessment by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the Telegraph sides with the mayor. First it suggests that the panel cannot be trusted, partly because its accounts are unreliable and exaggerated and partly because it uses "model-driven assumptions" to forecast future trends. (What would the Telegraph prefer? Tea leaves? Entrails?). Then it suggests that trying to stop manmade climate change would be too expensive. Then it proposes making some cosmetic adjustments and carrying on as before. ("Perhaps instead of continued doom-mongering, however, greater thought needs to be given to how mankind might adapt to the climatic realities.")
But at least the Daily Telegraph accepted that the issue deserved some prominence. On the Daily Mail's website, climate breakdown was scarcely a footnote to the real issues of the day: "Kim Kardashian looks more confident than ever as she shows off her toned curves", and "Little George is the spitting image of Kate".
Beneath these indispensable reports was a story celebrating the discovery of "vast deposits of coal lying under the North Sea, which could provide enough energy to power Britain for centuries". No connection with the release of the new climate report was made. Like royal babies, Kim's curves and Ibsen's municipal baths, coal is good for business. Global warming, like Stockmann's contaminants, is the spectre at the feast.
Everywhere we're told that it's easier to adapt to global warming than to stop causing it. This suggests that it's not only the Stern review on the economics of climate change (showing that it's much cheaper to avert climate breakdown than to try to live with it) that has been forgotten, but also the floods which have so recently abated.
If a small, rich, well-organised nation cannot protect its people from a winter of exceptional rainfall – which might have been caused by less than one degree of global warming – what hope to do other nations have, when faced with four degrees or more?
When our environment secretary, Owen Paterson, assures us that climate change "is something we can adapt to over time" or Simon Jenkins, in the Guardian today, says that we should move towards "thinking intelligently about how the world should adapt to what is already happening", what do they envisage? Cities relocated to higher ground? Roads and railways shifted inland? Rivers diverted? Arable land abandoned? Regions depopulated? Have they any clue about what this would cost? Of what the impacts would be on the people breezily being told to live with it?
My guess is that they don't envisage anything: they have no idea what they mean when they say adaptation. If they've thought about it at all, they probably picture a steady rise in temperatures, followed by a steady rise in impacts, to which we steadily adjust. But that, as we should know from our own recent experience, is not how it happens. Climate breakdown proceeds in fits and starts, sudden changes of state against which, as we discovered on a small scale in January, preparations cannot easily be made.
Insurers working out their liability when a disaster has occurred use a process they call loss adjustment. It could describe what all of us who love this world are going through, as we begin to recognise that governments, the media and most businesses have no intention of seeking to avert the coming tragedies. We are being told to accept the world of wounds; to live with the disappearance, envisaged in the new climate report, of coral reefs and summer sea ice, of most glaciers and perhaps some rainforests, of rivers and wetlands and the species which, like many people, will be unable to adapt.
As the scale of the loss to which we must adjust becomes clearer, grief and anger are sometimes overwhelming. You find yourself, as I have done in this column, lashing out at the entire town.
Twitter: @georgemonbiot. A fully referenced version of this article can be found at monbiot.com
James Hanna is done for the Dallas Cowboys in 2016.
Per ESPN insider Todd Archer, the veteran tight end is set to undergo an additional knee surgery on Tuesday on what was initially (and is still) described as a bone bruise. Hanna was placed on the PUP (Physically Unable to Perform) list just ahead of training camp, and underwent an initial surgery on it in August after the team began to see no improvement.
The Cowboys are allowed until Tuesday to activate Hanna or choose to not play him the remainder of the season and, with the fifth-year tight end nowhere near ready to return, the team opted for the latter.
The Cowboys are an insane 9-1 after plucking the Baltimore Ravens! Don't miss any breaking news, take a second to sign up for our FREE Cowboys newsletter!
This does present an issue of depth at the tight end position going forward, as the Cowboys also lost Geoff Swaim to a torn pectoral muscle which landed him on injured reserve after Week 10. They now have only Jason Witten and Gavin Escobar on the depth chart, having promoted wide receiver Vince Mayle from the practice squad to assist in more of an H-back capacity.
There is still rookie Rico Gathers awaiting his green light from the practice squad if needed, but it's doubtful he sees the field in 2016 either as he's still very much a work in progress.
Hanna is in the first-year of his new three-year, $8.25 million dollar extension signed this past Spring, and unfortunately this year is a wash.
LONDON (Reuters) - Top Libyan oil official Shokri Ghanem has not defected, contrary to widespread reports, and is secretly working for Muammar Gaddafi to maintain ties with big oil companies, sources at western firms said.
Shokri Ghanem, chairman of Libya's National Oil Corporation (NOC), holds a news conference in Tripoli March 19, 2011. REUTERS/Ismail Zitouny
A Libyan opposition source and a source at a major international oil company said Ghanem, one of the most senior figures in Gaddafi's government, had invited representatives of oil companies to meet him last week in Tunisia, to discuss oil contracts.
“There were some invitations or advances but we did not accept,” said the source at a western oil company. “He was holding court in some form.”
A third source, at another western oil company, with operations in Libya, said the reports that Ghanem had deserted were incorrect.
“It is completely false that Shokri Ghanem is no longer working for Gaddafi's government,” the source said.
Ghanem himself could not be contacted to comment.
Companies have been unable to conduct operations in Libya due to the uprising against the regime and military strikes by western powers, which means they are not in compliance with the obligations in their contracts.
Ghanem wanted to reassure the groups that contracts would not be voided because of this, and would be respected in future, the opposition source said.
This waiver could allow companies to return quickly to Libya, which is reliant on oil revenues, should Gaddafi re-establish control and have international sanctions lifted.
Were the western oil companies to stay away from Libya for a protracted period, the country would struggle to rebuild production, which has been cut to a trickle by the violence.
Libya's government said last Thursday that Ghanem had not defected and was instead on an official visit to Tunisia and some European countries to “ continue his work.”
However, Tunisian Foreign Minister Mouldi Kefi said on Monday he believed Ghanem was no longer working for Gaddafi's government and was staying in a hotel on the small southern island of Djerba off Tunisia. Big investors in Libya include Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSa.L), France's Total (TOTF.PA), BP Plc (BP.L), Norway's Statoil STL.OL and Austria's OMV (OMVV.VI).
Sources at those companies said their representatives had not recently met Ghanem.
Israeli commandos fired 308 live bullets aboard a Gaza-bound aid ship last May to repel passengers who attacked them with lethal weapons including a snatched Uzi machine pistol, Israel's top general said today.
In a sometimes testy second round of testimony before a state-appointed inquest, Lieutenant-General Gabi Ashkenazi insisted the navy's killing of nine pro-Palestinian Turks on the converted cruise ship Mavi Marmara had been unavoidable.
Marine commandos were equipped with riot-dispersal gear but quickly switched to live fire to confront armed passengers because "if they had not done this, there would have been more casualties," Mr Ashkenazi told the six-member Turkel Commission.
Ankara, which wants compensation and an apology from Israel, has dismissed the Turkel panel as lacking in scope.
But the commission has invited testimony from Mavi Marmara passengers, many of whom insist the commandos' onslaught was unprovoked, and signalled it may probe Israel's navy deeper.
Mr Ashkenazi said 308 live rounds were fired by the troops. A top aide to the general told reporters 70 of these were aimed to cause injury, while the rest were warning shots.
That appeared consistent with Turkish forensic findings that the nine dead activists were shot a total of 30 times, and there were gunshot wounds among another 24 passengers who were hurt.
"Those who are asking questions (about tactics) should propose an alternative solution," Mr Ashkenazi said.
The Mavi Marmara and five other ships were trying to run an Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip, territory controlled by Hamas Islamists.
Paleontologists think that they may have identified the earliest known dinosaur, which was no bigger than a Labrador retriever and lived 243 million years ago, during the Triassic Period. This is 10 million years earlier than the previously the oldest known dinosaurs, and could change researchers' views of how they evolved.
The scientists published their findings in the journal Biology Letters. Some scientists, including the authors, caution that the fossils could also represent a close relative to dinosaurs.
The earliest dinosaurs were probably Eoraptor and Eodromaeus, which were true dinosaurs, and lived in what was Argentina 230 million years ago. In 2010, Sterling Nesbitt, a paleontologist at the University of Washington, Seattle, discovered a close relative to dinosaurs in Tanzania's Manda Beds, a geological formation dated between 242 million and 245 million years ago. Asilisaurus isn't a dinosaur, but a sister taxon, the closest that it could be without actually being a dinosaur.
Nyasasaurus was discovered in the 1930s by the paleontologist Alan Charig from London's Natural History Museum. The fossils include an arm bone and several vertebrae, and were also discovered in the Manda Beds. Nesbitt and his colleagues took a closer look at them.
The scientists carried out a systematic comparison between the bones of dinosaurs and their closest relative species. The findings indicate that Nyasasaurus has a number of features characteristic of true dinosaurs. It had a broad crest of bone along the edge of its upper arm, which would have been attached to its chest muscles. The crest extends to more than 30% of the bone's length, which is indicative of dinosaurs. Nyasasaurus had three vertebrae in its sacrum, whereas proto-dinosaur species had only two. A microscopic study of the arm bone showed that it had grown rapidly during the animal's development, typical of dinosaurs, as well as mammals and birds.
This combination of features has led the scientists to think that Nyasasaurus was either a true dinosaur or the closest relative that has been discovered. By the time that Eoraptor and Eodromaeus appeared in Argentina, 10 million years later, they represented a diverse group that must have been evolving for millions of years. This could mean that dinosaur evolution must have begun a considerable time before that.
At that time, Africa was part of the supercontinent Pangaea, which included modern-day South America, Antarctica, and Australia. The scientists state that Nyasasaurus is probably, but not definitely a dinosaur, because the arm bone isn't complete.
[via ScienceNOW]
Last September, tens of thousands of opponents of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe gathered outside the National Diet building in Tokyo, often in torrential rain, holding placards and shouting antiwar slogans. They were there to protest the imminent passage of legislation designed to allow Japan's military to mobilize overseas for the first time in 70 years—a shift they feared would undermine Japan's pacifistic constitution and encourage adventurism. On September 17, Japan's normally sedate parliament dissolved into scuffles as opposition politicians tried and failed to prevent a vote on the bills, which ultimately passed.
They and the protesters may have failed in their objective, but they got something right: Japan's foreign policy is indeed changing. Since returning to power in September 2012, Abe has pushed through a series of institutional, legal, diplomatic, and military reforms that are reshaping Japan's national security posture and that promise to enhance Japan's regional role over the coming decade. Responding to rapid changes in the region, particularly the dramatic increase in China's power, Japan's prime minister has distanced his country from its postwar pacifism—which was predicated on a benign view of the international system—and unveiled a new, more realist foreign policy.
Japan's pacifism, which many Japanese see as key to their country's postwar identity, dates to 1946. That year, the country, still occupied by the United States, accepted a U.S.-drafted constitution forbidding Japan from maintaining a military with the potential to wage war. When the U.S. occupation ended, in 1952, Tokyo essentially outsourced its defense to its new ally, Washington. In the decades that followed, Japanese leaders also put their faith in the liberal international institutions, such as the UN, that defined the postwar world.
In recent years, however, Abe has increased the defense budget and loosened the constitutional restrictions on Japan's military, passing laws that allow it to cooperate with partners in limited security operations. Bidding for a larger leadership role in Asia, he
From P2P Foundation
Text
Via [1]:
James Quilligan presented the following guidelines in his seminar on The Great Transition and the Commons presented at the New Economics Foundation in London, 14 May 2012.
1. We are Co-creators with Nature
2. By Creating our Shared Environment, we Participate in our own Culture
3. Through Creative Cooperation, Resource Users become Producers of their own Resources
4. Cooperation between Users and Producers is the Practice of Stewardship
5. The Social and Political Expression of Stewardship is Trusteeship
7. Co-produced and Co-governed Commons Generate New Sources of Value
8. Commons Value is the basis of a Debt-Free/ interest-free Monetary System
9. A Commons-Based Society results from Collective Intentions for Sustainability
10. The Economics of the Commons is Replenishment (Commons Trusts cap the stock, rent the flow — ensuring that commons are not diminished — prices are set through true costs to the commons. Non-debt money based on sustainability rates that measure health and well-being of human and natural communities, bioregionally. This will align government, business and community decision-making with the best interests of society and natural systems)
Discussion
Stefan Meretz
Some more comments:
(1) We are not co-creators with nature, we are nature.
(2) We don't participate in our own culture, we are our culture.
(3) Through cooperation we do not only produce resources, we produce everything we need.
(4)(5) I don't understand difference and function of stewardship and trusteeship. If the first means commoning and the latter means state-handling it sounds odd.
(6) Where is number 6?
(7) What new sources? What value?
(8) This sounds like an instrumentalization: there is not logical link between commons and any monetary system.
(9) A commons-based society results from collective and individual needs, which are much broader than only sustainability.
(10) I see no evidence, that Commons Trusts can help. True costs do not exist, if not market costs they are political costs, thus completely power-driven, finally subverting the commons." (http://commonsblog.wordpress.com/2012/06/09/ten-guidelines-for-the-commons/)
Jakob B.
"Stefan, I have mixed feelings concerning your points 1 – 3, although I understand and appreciate your objective:
1. In my understanding, nature is neither a physical fact or thing, nor has it some kind of personality that you can be or not be. Rather, “nature” is a word, generated by the human brain, to distinguish between antropogenic (resulting from human activity) and non-antropogenic (natural). Therefore, by definition, humans cannot be natural. Fortunately, because otherwise everything would be natural, including aircraft carriers and nuclear power plants.
2. We are part of our culture and thus we participate. But like Scott Berkun says (yes it is possible to learn reasonable things from former Microsoft Project Managers, because some of them are really smart people: http://youtu.be/amt3ag2BaKc ): innovators must go in to different directions than the rest of the world. And that is particularly true in creating culture! Large parts of art, music, literature e.g. are totally unaccessable by most people. I believe that if it wouldn't be like this, we would have a real problem.
3. How do you know? Maybe my needs are not supported by other commoners and so I have to do it myself without cooperation." (http://commonsblog.wordpress.com/2012/06/09/ten-guidelines-for-the-commons/)
By Staff Reports
(Victorville)– If you see a significant police presence at Victor Valley College next Monday, don't worry – it's part of joint “active shooter” exercise training. Chief Leonard Knight said the activity will start Monday morning, November 30, and will last for several hours. The public is being notified ahead of time to avoid any confusion.
There will be a large public safety presence during this event as the Victor Valley College Police Department (VVCPD), San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department (SBCSD), Victorville Police Station, San Bernardino County Fire Department (SBCFD), Victorville Fire Station, and American Medical Response (AMR) have planned for and are conducting this exercise to ensure coordinated, timely and effective response to the college community, as well as enhance safety at Victor Valley College. Additionally, the campus will be “locked” down (secure and hold), there will be movement of emergency vehicles and a portion of the campus will be unavailable until the exercise is complete.
VVC Superintendent/President Roger Wagner believes these exercises and training sessions are imperative as these type of occurrences are all too common. “What I want everyone to know is that we have, on an on-going basis been assessing and implementing an improved campus security and response plan for many months. Many improvements have been made and there are still more to come.”
The exercise is a college wide drill and training for our faculty, staff and students in preparation of an active shooter occurrence within our campus community as well as a real life simulation. “Conducting and planning for this exercise will allow us to assess our emergency preparedness and review the coordination and rapid response of both police agencies.” stated Chief Knight.
The campus community will be alerted prior to the start of the exercise via an “emergency notification message” sent through the Alertus Emergency Notification System and through the Text Alert Message System. Additional pre exercise messages will be provided through social media, email, classroom announcements and flyers posted around the campus.
This exercise will surely prove to be beneficial to all involved participants and we would like to thank everyone in advance for their cooperation and participation.
In October of 2013 I happened through Yukon, Oklahoma, a few months after the iconic sign atop the Yukon's Best grain elevator had been restored, substituting LEDs for the previous neon and incandescent lights. This had been done at a reported cost of $140,000 after a successful fundraiser.The sign is 55 ft tall and 42 ft wide. After the restoration, the old letters were auctioned.As to the elevator itself, according to a National Register eligibility application , the part with the advertisements painted on it was built in 1916 while the annex with visible cylindrical bins (to the right in the picture) was added in 1954. An accompanying mill, also built in 1916, was razed in 1991, the fact of which was the cause for rejection from the National Historic Register.There is no mention of the signs atop the structure on the application.In this video you'll hear the screams of carnival goers a few blocks away and will see the occasional carnival ride visible over distant trees.
Assaults by a father and his wife on their girls aged 12 and 15 were punishment for breaking strict household rules, a court has heard.
The girls' parents, a man and a woman who cannot be named for legal reasons, pleaded guilty on Tuesday in the ACT Magistrates Court to three assault charges.
Hyde Park rapist Joseph Rosenburg has lost his appeal Credit:Louie Douvis
In one incident, the 15-year-old was caught talking with a boy from the bus, and the woman pinched the girl's ear causing it to bleed. When told later that the girl was "flirting", the man had punched his daughter in the abdomen and face, causing her nose to bleed.
The family had a household rule that the girls not have relationships with boys until they were 18.
Few will likely find themselves reading the fine print added to the new terms of service issued by Google this week, but the updated version clarifies to customers once and for all that the contents of messages going in and out of Gmail are being scanned.
On Monday, the search engine site-turned-Silicon Valley giant updated the terms of service that its hundreds of millions of Gmail users must agree to in order to use the immensely popular free email service. But while the latest TOS clause doesn't exactly reveal any new practices being performed by Google or conditions that'd catch its customers by surprise, the company is now being upfront about its controversial practice of skimming content in order to, as they put it, provide users with “relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising and spam and malware detection. “
“When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content,” the updated clause continues. “The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones.”
Google has published the fine print online, and has also made available a version that compares the latest TOS with its previous terms, last updated on November 11, 2013.
"We want our policies to be simple and easy for users to understand,” Google said in a statement this week. “These changes will give people even greater clarity and are based on feedback we've received over the last few months.”
Although Google doesn't elaborate any further in their statement, the feedback that they allude to is likely related to a federal court case that has been centered on complaints stemming from the scanning process in question. Google has previously argued that it scans data sent over its servers using fully automated processes that involve no human review of any kind.
And as RT reported last year, Google has adamantly defended this practice by saying data handed from any person to a third party is no longer private.
"Just as a sender of a letter to a business colleague cannot be surprised that the recipient's assistant opens the letter, people who use Web-based email today cannot be surprised if their emails are processed by the recipient's [email provider] in the course of delivery,” Googled argued in a motion filed last July. “Indeed, 'a person has no legitimate expectation of privacy in information he voluntarily turns over to third parties.'"
Last September, the presiding judge in the case authorized a motion that said that the “critical question with respect to implied consent is whether the parties whose communications were intercepted had adequate notice of the interception.”
“That the person communicating knows that the interception has the capacity to monitor the communication is insufficient to establish implied consent. Moreover, consent is not an all-or-nothing proposition,” Judge Lucy Koh wrote for the United States District Court in the Northern District of California.
Google's terms and condition then, Koh said, “cannot conclude that any party – Gmail users or non-Gmail users- has consented to Google's reading of email for the purposes of creating user profiles or providing targeted advertising.” In turn, Google uses that “customized” experience to generate around $50 billion a year in targeted advertising profits.
As Casey Johnston of Ars Technica noted on Tuesday, however, Google's updated TOS doesn't alleviate all of the problems produced for Judge Koh. Indeed, non-Gmail users who are opposed to having the outgoing messages they send to customers of Google scanned wouldn't necessarily know that their correspondence is subject to such scrutiny unless they were Gmail users themselves who accepted the newest terms.
“The specific mention of ‘received' content suggests Google may not want the burden of warning non-Gmail users that emails sent to Gmail will be scanned,” Johnston wrote.
Two weeks ago, I came across a blog named Rainy City Tales 332 that seemed to be virally marketing a brand-new Pixar short. I found various clues scattered throughout the blog, such as a Pizza Planet reference and a supposed hint at Monsters University. While there was strong evidence that Rainy City Tales was throwing us hints about the next Pixar short, a new article from The Playlist seems to solidify the blog's nature even further, confirming that the short film will revolve around an umbrella and will be scored by great composer Jon Brion.
Covering Paranorman, the upcoming Laika stop-motion animated film, The Playlist looks at the music of the film specifically. The film's score is composed by Brion, who has collaborated with famed director Paul Thomas Anderson on Magnolia and Punch-Drunk Love. Additionally, he worked with director Michel Gondry on Eternal Sunshine of The Spotless Mind, providing fantastic music to accompany a great film.
Later in the article, writer Drew Taylor notes that, “Brion will be providing the score to the still-untitled Pixar “umbrella short.”” In this post on the Rainy City Tales blog, the umbrella photo above was followed by the caption, “It all started when I stumbled across this poor fellow on my morning commute.” Additionally, the following photo from the blog seems to be a shadowy photo of Brion hard at work:
While we are still waiting for the short to be announced to the general public, the news that Brion will be scoring the short is certainly exciting news. The music of Pixar shorts is always important as usually there is no dialogue exchanged between characters – the expressions, sound, and music come to the forefront to help audiences feel. Composer Michael Giacchino, who provided a beautiful score to Pixar's last short, La Luna (playing now with Brave), has some truly amazing company at the studio.
BOSTON—The twigs and acorns crunching pleasurably beneath his boots, Mr. Autumn Man Dennis Clemons, 32, reportedly strolled down Massachusetts Avenue on Wednesday wearing a gray sweater over a plaid collared shirt as he cradled a cup of pumpkin-spiced coffee and relished the crisp October morning.
“Nothing beats autumn in New England,” said His Excellency, the Duke of Fall, who began the day swaddled in a warm flannel blanket, gazing out the window at the golden-hued landscape, as is his custom this time of year. “Everywhere the leaves are changing and the temperature is starting to drop off. You can smell it in the air.”
Advertisement
“Tonight it may even dip into the 30s,” added the cozy autumnal personage, who at several points wrapped both hands around his warm container of coffee and inhaled deeply. “Perfect weather for building a fire.”
Mr. Fall, who sources speculate loves Thanksgiving, butternut squash soup, homecoming parades, “The Legend of Sleepy Hollow,” apple-picking, and haunted hayrides, emerges reliably every year around this time in his traditional uniform, sometimes alternating his iconic sweater with a fleece vest or pullover.
The Autumnal Ambassador is also believed to be an avid consumer of seasonal produce, his home and hearth redolent of roasting Indian corn, gourds, and other root vegetables.
Advertisement
“I'm thinking about taking a trip to Salem with my girlfriend this weekend,” said Mr. Autumn Man, trying to decide whether to wear beige or brown corduroy pants for the excursion with his leather-gloved counterpart, Ms. Autumn Woman. “The variety of colors is incredible once you get out of the city.”
“Between the trees and the forest floor, it's like a giant mural,” continued the veritable High Priest of the Harvest Season, adding that he would soon have to rake his driveway, an activity for which he will most certainly don a cashmere scarf.
Sources said that in addition to snuggling up on the couch sipping hot apple cider and watching Meet Me In St. Louis on DVD, Mr. Autumn Man will also spend part of the weekend meeting up with his friends, the Autumn Gang, to watch fall sports and eat fall snacks.
Advertisement
“Getting together with the guys for football and wings is kind of like a tradition,” said the walking, talking essence of the Northern Hemisphere's annual tilt away from the sun. “From pretty much September onwards, no Sunday afternoon feels complete without it.”
“You've got to take it all in and enjoy it while you still can, though, because December will be here in the blink of an eye,” he added.
According to reports, Mr. Fall will then put on a down jacket with a fur-trimmed hood, buy a lift ticket at a local ski slope, and start getting short with people at work because the early sunset “affects his mood,” thus signaling the completion of his metamorphosis into Mr. Wintertime Asshole Man.
Monday, September 30, 2013 at 8:44AM
When two titans of the early computing industry, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak and Atari founder Nolan Bushnell, had a chance to sit down for a chat at the C2SV conference last Friday, we learned how a little foresight and luck can decide futures.
Steve Wozniak's Success - Expandability
Steve talked about how the Apple II was the primary source of revenue for Apple's first 10 years of life. The reason the Apple II could last so long was that it was expandable. It had eight expansion slots and the RAM was also expandable (starting at 4K). No computer at the time had this kind of flexibility or expansion capabilities. Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs argued over keeping the Apple II open. Jobs wanted closed, Wozniak wanted open and fortunately Wozniak won. In fact, the Apple II was completely open (those were the days). They published the complete specs before there was anything like a developer community.
So even though the Apple III, Lisa, and the Macintosh all failed, the Apple II kept rolling along. The iPod eventually became the next successful product for Apple and the Age of Apple had begun.
Interestingly, Steve said expandability was not planned at all. It was really a costly and almost unsupportable decision, but it turned out to be “prescient." They didn't plan on expandability as a business model, but it was a lifesaver. What drove the decision was thinking like a geek, not like an accountant. If you are a geek, that's just the kind of thing you build.
Nolan Bushnell's Regret - Read-only
Nolan told the story of how one his greatest regrets was not making the control lines for his early video game cartridge read-write instead of read-only. By making it read-only they saved a whopping two pennies a line. The point was to be cheap. With the addition of a White line the cartridge could have been written to, sort of like a hard disk, and game scores and other state could have been saved directly to the cartridge. Nolan had a gleam in his eye, obviously pondering on how this would have been a major game changer for Atari.
Lesson: Think Geek
The lesson: when your grownup self compels you to be lean and create something minimally viable -- think geek. It may not make your accountants happy, but your "just because it seems like a great thing" idea might be exactly what you need to become more successful than you can possibly imagine.
The Rest of the Story...
The interview talked about a lot more of course. They reminisced about their early years at Atari, about what might have been, what should be, and of course the ghost haunting all such conversations, Steve Jobs. For more on their talk take a look at:
One saying from Nolan that I particularly liked was "Hire for passion. Everything else is trainable. Happiness is way underrated as a business culture." We could definitely use more of that.
A war is brewing between two of the biggest names in music with Spotify accusing Apple of blocking its latest app update.
Spotify says Apple will only make its update available if it agrees to use Apple's own billing system.
It says Apple rules are designed to damage Spotify, reducing competition to its own music streaming service, Apple Music.
The move is "causing grave harm", Spotify says.
Details of Spotify's initial legal letter to Apple have been shared online.
"We cannot stand by as Apple uses the App Store approval process as a weapon to harm competitors," Spotify general counsel Horacio Gutierrez wrote in a communication with Apple's lawyers.
"This latest episode raises serious concerns under both US and EU competition law.
"It continues a troubling pattern of behaviour by Apple to exclude and diminish the competitiveness of Spotify on iOS and as a rival to Apple Music, particularly when seen against the backdrop of Apple's previous anticompetitive conduct aimed at Spotify."
Newsbeat contacted Spotify for a comment but was told no official statement will be issued.
Its press office did confirm that the facts on the issue, originally reported by tech website Recode, are correct.
Apple charges companies up to 30% of income made to use its iTunes billing service and offers no alternative.
If companies refuse to comply with Apple's requirements, their product may be removed from the App store - the only way to distribute apps onto iPhones.
In a recent discussion on Apple, Amazon and Google's internet dominance, Spotify's Global Head of Communications and Public Policy, Jonathan Prince, addressed Apple's stance on rival services.
"Apple has long used its control of iOS to squash competition in music," he said.
He accused Apple of "driving up the prices of its competitors, inappropriately forbidding us from telling our customers about lower prices, and giving itself unfair advantages across its platform through everything from the lock screen to Siri.
"You know there's something wrong when Apple makes more off a Spotify subscription than it does off an Apple Music subscription and doesn't share any of that with the music industry.
"They want to have their cake and eat everyone else's too."
In response Apple, in a letter, said: "Our guidelines apply equally to all app developers, whether they are game developers, e-book sellers, video-streaming services or digital music distributors; and regardless of whether or not they compete against Apple.
"We did not alter our behaviour or our rules when we introduced our own music streaming service or when Spotify became a competitor," Apple lawyer Bruce Sewell explained
"Ironically, it is now Spotify that wants things to be different by asking for preferential treatment from Apple."
Sewell ended by saying: "I would be happy to facilitate an expeditious review and approval of your app as soon as you provide us with something that is compliant with the App Store's rules."
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat
8.07.2015
Gelek Rimpoche on Buddha's Buzzwords
By Garrison Institute
When we use the word compassion, in one way it is a word that touches our heart deeply. We feel that it somehow takes our breath completely to think about it. On the other hand sometimes we use the word compassion so much that it begins to numb us. We lose the value and the meaning of the word, and instead of taking our breath away it becomes some kind of lukewarm water. I think that is our problem. The essence, the bottom line of Buddha's teaching, boils down to two things: one is compassion, the other is wisdom.
Compassion is such a wonderful tool, such a wonderful way of not only improving ourselves, but also improving everybody. If it becomes lukewarm, it is not good. So we have to take care that it does not go that way. Buddhist teachings normally say the buddhadharma is what really makes one's mind kind and useful. We say it is the best method to tame our wild, crazy mind. But when that best tool, that best way to tame our mind, becomes lukewarm, then it becomes difficult to make any progress. Judging from our way of thinking, when the word compassion becomes that way, it may be harmful for us, because compassion is the thing that lets us feel the pains, miseries and sufferings of people—mentally, emotionally, physically.
Compassion is something wonderful, but if that word is overused it becomes just a buzzword. That is what Allen Ginsberg told me once. I did not know what the meaning of buzzword was at that time. We were sitting on a stage. Something like 4,000 people were watching. I just sort of smiled a little bit and tried to get out of the situation, but the moment we were off the stage Allen said, “I do not think you heard what I said; I said, buzzword. I said, “Well, I heard the sound, but I do not know what it means.” He said, “I thought so.” So he gave me a long history about the origin of the word. He said it comes from Brooklyn, and this and that. He was very kind in that way.
At every opportunity Allen tried to explain to me each English word—what its equivalent is in Latin, what it means, and how it was picked up in English. When I regretted not having learnt more, it was too late. That is how life is. We all do that anyway. When the opportunity is there we cannot take it. When we finally realize it, it is too late. That is why, before I use the word compassion too much, I want you to know that it has to be heartfelt compassion. The ultimate unlimited unconditioned compassion and love is what Buddhists call bodhimind: the mind that seeks total enlightenment for the benefit of all beings.
When I say bodhimind, I am referring to the mind that wants to be perfect. Bodhimind is unlimited, unconditioned compassion and love. Why do I say unconditioned? Because that mind does not raise the question, “What is in there for me?” That question comes out of our ego, our selfish thoughts, our self-interest. I am not saying we should ignore ourselves completely, but we shouldn't give undue priority to self- interest. That is why compassion and love should not be conditioned in a way where you think, “If you do this for me, I will do that for you.”
We have a lot of limits, but bodhimind should not be limited. It should be for all living beings. That is almost impossible, right? Yes, it is almost impossible. However, the capacity of our mind is such that we can make every impossible thing possible. The human mind is fantastic. There is no equivalent. This is not a modern statement: it is what Buddha showed us 2,600 years ago and is continuously showing. When we are able to use it, there is no limit to what our mind can achieve. If we have the know-how and the will to do it, then unlimited, unconditioned compassion is possible for our mind. It requires that we put effort in. All these meditations, all these practices are meant for this.
Please join us for a special retreat with Gelek Rimpoche on August 29 – September 4, 2015.
Learn more here.
Excerpt from The Four Mindfulnesses by Gelek Rimpoche, From Jewel Heart International's Digital Dharma Archives
?AMC's The Walking Dead broke viewing records for the cable network and also gave viewers a few things they might not have known they were looking for — namely long-running zombie stories and TV shows based on comics normal people have never heard of.
We're assuming in the grand tradition of Hollywood believing that if something works once, it'll work several thousand more times, that the networks will start combing non-Marvel and DC comics for more potential TV hits. And they'll likely start looking at Image's back catalog for new properties to exploit first, since that's where The Walking Dead came from. To hopefully streamline the process for the comics ignorant junior assistants Hollywood executives will surely send to the comics store looking for the next big hit, we've put together this list of five Image comics that would make for good television and five that are better left alone (although that doesn't necessarily mean that they're bad comics, as you'll see).
MAKE THESE:
5) Turf
?Originally created as a 6-issue mini-series by writer Jonathan Ross and artist Tommy Lee Edwards, Turf‘s mix of of 1920s gangster setting, aliens and vampires would offer the perfect jumping off point for a network with a good deal of money to spend. HBO's Boardwalk Empire has a similar setting and shows like True Blood and The Event have proven that there's an audience for this kind of material. Why not combine it all in one place? Sure the comic's obscure and only a miniseries, but that could work in the show's favor for the types of fans who were following along to The Walking Dead premiere with the trade, checking off scenes and waiting for the good parts.
4) Chew
?Networks love procedural dramas, but with all the major cities as well as the various levels of law enforcement are covered in the many different shows of this genre, what new ground can be broken? How about a show featuring a vice cop named Tony Chu who has the ability to essentially taste psychic leftovers on anything he eats? Pretty damn original, no? That's what the comic world seems to think of John Layman and Rob Guillory's Chew, the book that came out of nowhere and became a gigantic hit. There are only a year's worth of issues out right now, but with a good writing staff and Layman working as showrunner/producer, we think this quirky series would catch on pretty quickly.
3) The Amazing Joy Buzzards
?Okay, this one might be a stretch, but Amazing Joy Buzzards would make an awesome show. The comic, by Mark Andrew Smith and Dan Hipp, features a rock band touring the world and fighting supernatural threats, kind of like The Impossibles meets, well, Supernatural. There's no reason that Biff, Stevo and Gabe couldn't be the next big thing on television, especially if they got some legit musicians to craft songs for the band to perform on their world-hopping exploits, which they have no idea are actually being orchestrated by the CIA. Sounds more interesting than Undercovers, doesn't it?? Oh, they also have a Lucha Libre genie on their side, what more do you want?!
2) Violent Messiahs
?Remember what we said about procedural dramas? Violent Messiahs is about a couple of cops trying to bring in the vigilantes of Rankor Island with names like Family Man and Citizen Pain. We're on the fence about this one because the original comic by Josh Dysart, William O'Neil and Tone Rodriguez was pretty violent and had a distinct mood to it that we're not 100% sure can be captured on TV. But, hey, if Dexter can work, why not Violent Messiahs?
1) Morning Glories
?Morning Glories‘ mix of teen drama and sci-fi mysteries make it perfect for a television landscape in need of more clever shows to fit both genres. The comic, written by Nick Spencer and drawn by Joe Eisma, only just premiered in August, but also carries a huge amount of buzz. Think of it as Gossip Girl meets Heroes, which might not sound super appealing to hardcore geeks, but probably has the ring of dollar signs to TV networks. We'd suggest doing this one as a miniseries in the same vein as the new Prisoner or Persons Unknown, so as not to stretch the idea out too much.
Dear TV execs — please stay away from the comics on the next page.
—-
NO NEED TO MAKE THESE, SERIOUSLY:
5) Invincible
?Don't get us wrong, we're not saying that Invincible is a bad comic. By most accounts it's a great comic, one right up there with Kirkman's other big deal book Walking Dead. For the few of you who don't know, Invincible stars Mark Grayson, a teenager who discovers that he not only has superpowers but that he's connected to an alien race called the Viltrumites. A coming of age story featuring superheroes created by the guy who also created the most popular show on television might seem like a good idea, but we're not so sure any network could do the story justice with a regular TV budget (see: Smallville). We recommend going the movie route with Invincible to do it up right.
4) Fell
?Unlike Chew and Violent Messiahs, we wouldn't recommend going the procedural route with Fell, which was written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Ben Templesmith. A few years ago, Fell was Image's big, out-of-nowhere success story, but the problem is that it died out without much resolution. Sure, there are nine issues to draw inspiration from, which could give high quality TV writers enough to build on, but we don't think there's a network that can match the dismal location Ellis and Templesmith created for the fictional Snowtown, nor its more oddball denizens like the prostitute-loving nun. Ellis' comic RED got turned into a movie that did surprisingly well, so we wouldn't be surprised if Fell got a look too. This is another one that might work better as a movie, because capturing Templesmith's essential moody, gritty and sometimes terrifying art as moving pictures didn't really work so well in his other comic-to-movie 30 Days of Night.
3) Haunt
?We're really not trying to pick on Kirkman here, but we've seen how these things work out. Success with one property kicks off a bloodhound-like search for other projects that person has worked on regardless of quality. Which brings us to Haunt, the book Kirkman dreamed up with Spawn creator and baseball enthusiast Todd McFarlane who inks the book and draws covers while Spawn alumn Greg Capullo draws interiors. Haunt features a priest wrapped in his dead secret agent brother's soul which gives him superpowers, powers he's using to find his brother's killer. As if McFarlane's involvement slowing a project down wasn't enough of a 90s flashback for readers (it was announced two years before the first issue came out), the book also sounds a lot like Spawn — someone comes back from the dead with a mission wearing a funny suit — and looks a lot like Spider-Man. Basically what we're saying is that there's a lot of other, better comics out there that deserve more exposure.
2) Spawn
?A studio flipping through the Image catalog might see that Spawn‘s still being published, remember the movie or possibly the HBO animated series and assume there's a built-in audience for bringing this character back to television (certainly creator Todd McFarlane thinks so, as he's been swearing another TV series is in the works for the last several years). We implore them to please ignore those previous entries — though the cartoon had some pretty good moments — and just let the festering, rotting corpse of Spawn continue to do so in comic shops and not bring it back into our homes. That book has turned into such a convoluted mess and we haven't talked to anyone who actually reads Spawn since 1998, so we're not exactly sure who's buying them.
1) XXXombies
?If one Image zombie comic worked, as a TV show all the others must work too, right? Well, probably not. We love XXXombies writer Rick Remender (Punisher, Fear Agent), cover artist Tony Moore and interior artist Kieron Dwyer, but this book probably wouldn't make it on any channel aside from late night Cinemax. See, those “Xs” in the title aren't just a creative way of spelling, they indicate that the book is filled with zombie porn stars and a porn director trying to round up zombie celebs for his future videos. This seems like the kind of thing a network would option without really paying attention to the content, like when ABC made a Clerks cartoon not realizing that two of the main characters were drug dealers. We'd actually love to see XXXombies made, but the whole premise feels a little more “edgy independent movie” feel than “weeknights at 9:00” even on pay network.
I recently gave tips on how atheists can peaceably interact with religious family members at Thanksgiving. Now, here are tips for religious family members on what not to say to an atheist during holidays or any other family gathering. Next week, I'll suggest what they should say.
I hope these tips help make family visits more pleasant for everyone. I also hope they won't deter theists from talking about religion with atheists. Nothing here precludes having a respectful and friendly conversation with your family atheist, but more about that next time.
Here are seven things you shouldn't say to the atheist in your family:
1. “Why are you angry with God?”
Atheists are no angrier with God than with the Tooth Fairy. Only God-believers can be angry with God. Some people might have become atheists because they are not satisfied with theodicy explanations about why a good and powerful god would allow so much evil in the world, but most have become atheists primarily because they find no evidence for the existence of any gods.
2. “You'll be a believer when you have a big problem.”
This is an offshoot of the “no atheists in foxholes” cliché. (See, for instance, the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers.) Atheists tend to address problems by looking for practical solutions to resolve them, and through supportive friends, family, and medical doctors. Many believers “talk” to God only when they have a problem, so such a comment is more applicable to theists than to atheists.
3. “Why are you rejecting our family? Was it our fault?”
Would you ask this question of a family member who voted for a different political candidate? Would you rather the atheist simply lie or remain silent (as others in the family might be doing)? Families have learned to welcome rather than reject gay members, and so it should be with atheists. Families can thrive and grow stronger with diversity.
4. “ I feel sorry for you.”
How would you feel if the atheist says he feels sorry for you because you are basing your life on nonsense? Would a Christian tell a Jew that he feels sorry for him? Atheists don't feel sorry for themselves, nor do they feel deprived of something real. We don't need to believe in God to find joy in our lives.
5. “ You got into a bad crowd.”
True, the family member might have been influenced by discussions with friends or books they have read. It might be a different crowd, but it's not likely to be a bad one. Atheists might say they no longer mindlessly believe the religious things they were taught when they were growing up, but that doesn't mean they got in with the wrong crowd. It's the right crowd for them.
6. “ Don't assume that your beliefs are right.”
You believe your views are correct, but your atheist family member also thinks her views are correct. Anyone who changes religious beliefs has likely thought them through carefully, perhaps a lot more than those who stay with the religion in which they were raised. If you discuss differences in your beliefs, don't simply tell the atheist that she is wrong. If the atheist in your family can't assume her beliefs are right, neither can you.
7. “ We just want to make sure you will be with us in heaven.”
This makes an atheist think that your God is petty and arbitrary. Why would a loving God ignore good works and condemn someone to hell solely because of an incorrect belief? Also, we question why a component of your eternal bliss in heaven wouldn't include having your loved ones there with you, rather than being tortured for eternity.
Image courtesy of Shutterstock.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
No, we're not talking about a continuously variable transmission (CVT) that transmits power to the drive wheels, but rather one working a compressor to improve engine performance. Indeed, the British transmission specialist Torotrak has cleverly inserted a CVT in series with a conventional planetary gearset to drive a centrifugal compressor at sufficient speed to boost the intake pressure in both gasoline and diesel engines.
Weighing only 13.2 pounds in the illustrated experimental configuration, Torotrak's V-Charge compressor is spun by a belt connected to the engine's accessory drive system. The toroidal CVT, consisting of specially shaped driving and driven discs spinning without direct contact, is located just behind the input drive pulley. An electromechanical servo can switch the CVT drive through its full 10-to-1 ratio spread in only 0.4 second. Next in line inside the V-Charge housing is a fixed planetary gearset, which multiplies shaft speed by a factor of nine. At the end of the shaft, a centrifugal compressor wheel is surrounded by a housing that admits filtered air at atmospheric pressure and delivers it at boosted pressure to the engine's intake manifold.
Quieter than a Roots-type supercharger and cooler than any turbocharger, V-Charge spins between 10,000 and 100,000 rpm. The servo controller needs only 10 watts of electrical power to operate, so, unlike electrically powered superchargers, a 48-volt electrical system is not required.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Backed by the British government and in collaboration with both the University of Bath and the Ford Motor Company, Torotrak spent more than a year developing this booster. Instead of manufacturing it in-house, Torotrak would prefer to license its V-Charge technology either to a carmaker or to some auto-industry supplier.
Diamonds is a 1999 American comedy film directed by John Mallory Asher and written by Allan Aaron Katz. The film stars Kirk Douglas, Dan Aykroyd, Lauren Bacall, Jenny McCarthy, and Corbin Allred.
Several clips from Douglas' 1949 film Champion are used to illustrate his character's career as a boxer.
Plot [ edit ]
An elderly man and his estranged son search for treasure and try to repair their relationship in this bittersweet comedy. Harry Agensky (Kirk Douglas) is a one-time welterweight boxing champion who lives in Canada with his son Moses (Kurt Fuller). Harry's other son, Lance (Dan Aykroyd), feels that his father never really cared about his dreams and ambitions, and now Lance has little affection for his Dad. However, Lance's relationship with his teenage son Michael (Corbin Allred) is not faring much better.
Lonely since the death of his wife and infirm due to a stroke, Harry wants to retire to a ranch in Northern Canada, but he can't afford the property. Lance invites Harry along for a skiing trip with Michael; Harry agrees, but at the last minute he talks them into going to Nevada instead. Harry claims he threw a fight years ago and was paid off in a cache of diamonds that he hid somewhere in Las Vegas; if he can find the gems, he'll be able to buy the ranch. Lance is dubious, but he gives in to Harry's determination and the three head for Nevada, hoping to find the diamonds.
On the way there, the men visit a local brothel run by madame Sin-Dee (Lauren Bacall), when Harry convinces the group, so that he can have sex for the first time in eight years.18-year-old grandson Michael gets his Dad to let him join so that he can lose his virginity. Following their quest for the hidden diamonds, both father and son learn a lesson about reconciliation and the price of growing older.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Lauren Bacall appears as a madam in a Nevada brothel, marking her first appearance onscreen with Douglas since Young Man with a Horn in 1950.
According to the closing credits, the film was shot on location in Reno, Nevada.
Lance's car that takes them along their travels is a 1962 Ford Galaxie Sunliner convertible.
Congestion in Metro Vancouver has a hidden cost of between $500-million to $1.2-billion according to a new study from Clean Energy Canada and policy research organization the C.D. Howe Institute.
"What the C.D. Howe Institute study looks at is what are the hidden costs," senior policy analyst Ben Dachis told CBC Radio's The Early Edition.
"When people decide that congestion is just too bad to even start travelling, and rather than going downtown to go to a restaurant or going to see a sports game — a Whitecaps game or a BC Lions game — they decide to stay at home."
Metro Vancouver residents will soon be voting in a plebiscite to fund the expansion of the region's transportation and transit infrastructure with a 0.5 per cent sale tax. (CBC)
Dachis said less congestion would also lead to higher wages, with every worker making up to $950 more per year.
"What we see around the world is when people are able to have more connections, meet more often in person, that often leads to higher wages," he said.
The study supports a "yes" vote in the upcoming transit plebiscite, which will ask Metro Vancouver residents to support a 0.5 per cent sales tax to pay for transit improvements.
Dachis said it's unclear what the implication of a "no" vote would be.
"It's difficult to say what the long term implications of where people are going to live are, but the nature of transportation infrastructure — enabling more connections — that is something that is going to benefit society."
Metro Vancouver's mayor's council on transit has estimated the costs of congestion at $1-billion by 2045, which Dachis said only takes into account visible costs to the economy, such as extra time and operating cost of vehicles and the costs of crashes and emissions costs.
The Canadian Taxpayers Federation and Canadian Federation for Independent Business have both said they oppose the transit referendum, citing concerns over TransLink's spending.
To hear the full interview with Ben Dachis, click the audio labelled: C.D. Howe Institute report finds hidden costs of congestion.
This infographic was commissioned by Clean Energy Canada to promote the findings of its joint study with the C.D. Howe Institute,' Tackling Traffic: The Economic Cost of Congestion in Metro Vancouver.' (Cleanenergycanada.org)
C.D. Howe study
As the NHL trade deadline looms, albeit quietly, the Tampa Bay Lightning are attempting to dig themselves out of a rather large hole. Make no mistake, the unenviable position the team found themselves in at the beginning of February was largely self-inflicted.
By the beginning of the month, they found themselves in the cellar in the Eastern Conference. Not in the last playoff spot — dead last in the conference. Closer to a draft lottery than the postseason. There were many reasons for their position.
Sure there were injuries but that alone doesn't differentiate the Lightning from the other 29 NHL teams. There was sloppy defensive play at times along with average goaltending. When the goaltending did perform well, the offense would take a night off.
The injuries did result in a lot of frequent flier miles as the team recalled 15 different players from their AHL affiliate, Syracuse Crunch, in 34 different transactions. The only saving grace for the team seemed to be the parity that exists in the NHL. Even though they were in the cellar, they were only eight points from a playoff spot.
So as the NHL heads into the final 10 weeks of the regular season, the Lightning are wrestling with the question of whether or not they are a playoff team. Is this team ready to hit the links and not the ice this spring?
Fixing A Hole
True to the struggling nature that has hung on this team throughout the season, they lost the first game of February. It was a big game to boot — they lost to the Ottawa Senators, one of the teams that has one of the playoff spots the Lightning covet.
It wasn't even close either, as they lost 5 to 2. At that point, the locals were searching for the nearest draft prospect reports. It appeared as if the season of high expectations was about to finish with a thud. Then the Lightning remembered who they have been the last three years.
In the subsequent seven games this month, the Lightning didn't lose in regulation and went 5 – 0 – 2 in that span making up some ground. They climbed out of the bottom of the conference but still are chasing a few teams for a playoff berth.
In their last game, with the seven-game unbeaten streak going, the Lightning lost to the Calgary Flames 3 – 2. At the 60 game mark of the season with 22 remaining games, they are six points out of the last playoff spot in the East.
This is where things get curious. Does Lightning GM, Steve Yzerman believe his team can make a run for a playoff spot? If so will he be a buyer at the trade deadline?
The recent stretch of 12 points in seven games might have given pause to Yzerman on a deal and forced any potential trade to the back burner.
Yzerman may still pull the trigger but it isn't clear that he would be a seller or buyer in any trade. They also are at the point where they need help from other teams. It is improbable but still possible for them to make the playoffs.
Hello Good Buy
Any deadline trade would signal what is truly Yzerman's belief of the rest of this season. Making no deal would not clarify whether or not this is a team for the postseason.
Deal or no deal will not answer the question of whether or not this year's Lightning team is ready for the postseason. The Lightning has the talent. Yes, Captain Steven Stamkos is still at least a month away from returning from his November knee surgery. Associate captain, Ryan Callahan is gone for this year unless the team does make the playoffs and that isn't a certainty.
Not having these two leaders hurts the team's playoff chances but lest we forget that last season as Stamkos was lost on the brink of the playoffs. Emergency surgery was required to address a blood clot near his right collarbone.
The loss of their captain didn't prevent them from playing and winning two series before getting to the Eastern Conference Finals. In fact, they made it all the way to Game 7 before losing to eventual Stanley Cup Champion, Pittsburgh Penguins. They played without Stamkos long enough to allow him to make it back for that Game 7.
The point being that they had the talent last year to perform at the highest level getting them to the brink of playing for the Stanley Cup for the second straight year. For all intents and purposes, they are still the same team just one year more experienced.
The question isn't can they play without their captain, but will they play like they are capable of playing without him. They must if they want to play in the postseason. The talent is there.
And In The End
Nikita Kucherov leads the scoring and he is getting help as coach Jon Cooper has reunited the Triplets Line of Kucherov, Tyler Johnson and Ondrej Palat. In addition, Jonathan Drouin is having a career year in goals and points. Victor Hedman is one of the league's best defenseman and should get Norris Trophy consideration.
Ben Bishop is now playing in Los Angeles (traded for Peter Budaj) so Andrei Vasilevskiy is the goalie of the present. Vasy has some big shoes to fill. The Bishop we have seen in the previous three seasons has been an elite NHL level. If the team is going to make a push for the postseason, the goalie play, now more than ever will be key.
Bishop's elevated play this month has been nothing short of stellar. Vasilevskiy has to match that performance level now. The keys to the car are now in the young goalie's hands.
Is it enough to hurdle the Lightning over the handful of teams that stand between them and the postseason? Take note of the things that happen in the next few games.
Will Cooper use the newly acquired Budaj in tandem with Vasilevskiy? Will the goalie play continue to help the defense? Are the Triplets here to stay and carry this team offensively? Does Yzerman pull the trigger on another trade?
Is the Lightning a playoff team? While there seem to be more and more NHL teams that can answer that question definitively, the jury remains out on this Lightning team.
Find out how you can help Ellicott City after the flooding. People mostly need food and money at this point.
WASHINGTON — After the weekend flooding that has left Ellicott City, Maryland, in a state of emergency, officials are letting people know how they can help the city and its residents rebuild.
Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman says that, while contractors are offering to donate building materials, it's too soon for that kind of help — people mostly need food and money at this point. He says that food donations can go to the Community Action Council of Howard County , whose food bank was scheduled to open at 8 a.m. Monday, instead of its usual 1 p.m.
The food bank is at 8920 Route 108, Suite A, in Columbia. It has several associated pantries.
Kittleman says that cash donations should go to the American Red Cross Greater Chesapeake Region, “a group that we know will give to the residents.”
In addition, the Ellicott City Historic District Partnership is taking donations to help the downtown businesses damaged by the flooding.
Preservation Maryland also is taking donations.
The United Way is accepting monetary donations to assist Ellicott City. Go to its website to make a donation.
Jailbreak Brewing Company is hosting a fundraiser on Thursday. The brewery will offer free tours where donations are encouraged and will donate half of all revenue and tips to charities assisting in the recovery efforts.
Whatever you do, says Maryland State Police Superintendent Col. William Pallozzi, stay out of the downtown — many of the streets are still closed down.
Kittleman is confident that help will roll in: “We have a very generous community in Howard County and Ellicott City.”
WTOP's John Domen contributed to this report.
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook.
© 2016 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
O'Reilly: Rev. Wright 'came very close to bringing Obama down' David Edwards and Mike Sheehan
Published: Wednesday March 26, 2008
|
Print This Email This Fox host Bill O'Reilly called columnist and author Roland S. Martin the "chief apologist" for Sen. Barack's embattled ex-pastor, Rev. Jeremiah Wright, leading Martin to an animated response at his website. Speaking with former award-winning CBS reporter Bernard Goldberg, well-known for his scathing attacks on what he perceives as liberal bias in the media, O'Reilly described Martin as "a race guy" and sought Goldberg's opinion on the Wright fracas, which Fox has focused on heavily in recent weeks. Said Goldberg of Martin, "We can see that [he] is a black man, but many white liberal journalists take the exact same position. ... The reason white liberals want to downplay this kind of stuff is because they want to say, 'Look at me, I'm one of the good white guys. I will ignore black racism, I will ignore stupid remarks by a black person ... because I want to show you my racial decency.'" He termed such behavior as "white liberal paternalism." Goldberg continously referred to snippets of Wright's controversial sermons, saying matter-of-factly that Wright fingered "white people" as being the causes behind AIDS and drugs in blacks neighborhoods. In fact, Wright repetitively placed blame for these and other ills on the U.S. government. O'Reilly agreed with Goldberg, adding, "I think you're right, but I think there's a political component here as well. I think the Rev. Wright story came very close to bringing Barack Obama down." In response to O'Reilly's remarks, Martin (who was not present to respond) wrote this post at his personal blog: You tell your audience that I'm a Wright apologist, but you don't even bother to tell your audience what I even said on the issue. Dude, that's Journalism 101. You offer no facts, no analysis, just a weak opinion. You paraphrased me saying that I didn't think the issue is no big deal. WRONG. ... If you want to tell your audience that I'm an apologist, do me the favor and say what I said, as opposed to show a photo of me and offer no facts whatsoever. ... For someone who has done your show eight to 10 times, and who has actually defended you from the folks who think you are to the right of Hitler, I'm terribly disappointed that you [were] so weak with the facts. Had you worked under me at the three papers I've run, as well as website and radio station newsroom, you would have gotten verbally smacked down for such weak journalism...
by Harper W. Harris
One of the most fun and unique experiences at HeroesCon today was the Milkfed Criminal Masterminds panel, which featured Matt Fraction, Kelly Sue Deconnick, and co. discussing all their various projects while keeping the audience consistently laughing. After speaking briefly on the Charleston shooting and holding a moment of silence, they began by explaining what exactly Milkfed Criminal Masterminds is, essentially a company to house all the comic projects that the dynamic couple work on.
Then came the updates on all the books:
Deconnick will be leaving Captain Marvel after Secret Wars, drawing sighs of disappointment from the many Carol Corps members in the audience. She realized after the movie was announced that she would have to “dig in for three more years or drop the mic,” but that Carol has taught her to “brave the next step.”
The next arc of Pretty Deadly will begin in October, in time for NYCC. It moves forward in time a bit and brings in the energy of WWI and the Harlem Hellfighters. Alice and Jenny will return in this arc.
Issue #15 of Satellite Sam will be out in a few weeks and will conclude the New York arc. New trade omnibus of all 15 issues will debut at Rose City Comic Con. In a year or two, Fraction and Chaykin will return for a second volume which will take place in LA and will focus on a cowboy show.
Robert Wilson IV came by as Deconnick discussed Bitch Planet. The book has fallen behind due to how difficult it was to write issue #4, but they discussed that they would rather have books “done right than right now.”
Casanova is getting back on schedule, and issue #3 will be 32 pages. This story will be far longer than 7 issues.
Christian Ward joined the group to talk about ODY-C, which is moving into a story that mirrors Moby Dick in many ways. Ward mentioned that when he gets the scripts, he “spends an hour on Wikipedia and some really weird Google searches.”
Bill Sienkiewicz took to the stage and after much expression of mutual admiration, Deconnick announced that the the two of them will be working on a book in the near future together. The working title of the book is Parisian White.
Sex Criminals #11 will be out soon. There will be lots of of extra pornographic variant covers in pink polybags by Bryan Lee O'Malley, Katie Cook, the Hernandez Bros. and more! Additionally, there will be 1000 blank covers with sketches by Fraction and Zdarsky, after hundreds had to be destroyed because they used licensed property stickers on them (“What were you thinking?!” –Kelly Sue Deconnick).
In addition to all the updates and behind-the-scenes info, the group gave out lots of swag to audience members that could answer trivia questions. Among the most interesting were the game show style “Who Said It: Ultron, Kanye, or Tallulah” and “Whose Penis am I Describing: Matt or Chip's”. They are all also excited about working on upcoming TV shows, most of which they could not talk about at this point.
Kelly Sue and Matt (and let's not forget Chip) know how to work a crowd, and their growing band of creators continues to be something to watch out for. All in all, it was a great way to close out Saturday at HeroesCon, one of the few cons to offer the open weirdness of this kind of panel but with some serious star power!
The Beat Staff is an elite group of trained ninjas.
Like this: Like Loading...
Valiant Comics has announced Dead Drop.
Writer Ales Kot and artist Adam Gorham are collaborating on the four-issue miniseries.
"Beginning this May, an unlikely cast of superhuman operators - X-O Manowar, Archer, MI-6 spymaster Neville Alcott, outdated android Beta-Max, and Quantum and Woody's inside woman on the DCPD, Detective Alejandra Cejudo - fall in deep for an undercover conspiracy action thriller in the darkest corners of the Valiant Universe..." said the publisher.
"There is a secret black market in New York. It is hidden in plain sight - in our streets, trains, restaurants. Those who know how to navigate it exchange secrets of extraordinary nature. But when the secret in circulation is a biological weapon derived from Vine technology, the gloves are off - and the most extraordinary agents are released to stop the disaster before it occurs.
"Otherwise, in less than thirty minutes, there will be no world to come back to."
Each issue will tell a self-contained story.
Kot and Gorham previously collaborated on the Image Comics series Zero.
Dead Drop will launch in May.
A video emerged on Friday showing a Palestinian man urging Israeli soldiers to kill his toddler son so he could capture the shooting on camera. The father is seen shoving the young boy toward an armed soldier, who responds by giving the child a high-five.
The father continued egging the boy on, instructing him to throw rocks at the soldiers. Eventually, the child walked to the side and threw rocks away from the troops.
Leibel A. Mangel, who first posted the video on his Facebook page, said the child was identified as 3-year-old Muhammad Suroor.
This is not the first time that footage emerged of Palestinian parents pressing their children to confront soldiers so the troops' response can be photographed and filmed. In 2012, a young Palestinian girl — Ahed Tamimi of Nabi Saleh in the West Bank — was filmed as she yelled at and shoved armed troops, seemingly in an attempt to provoke a reaction. Another young boy was forcefully pushed against an armed soldier during the same demonstration in the hopes of getting a response. (For more on the Tamimi family, see How a Family Became a Propaganda Machine, written by Petra Marquardt-Bigman in the November 2015 issue of The Tower Magazine.)
Palestinian children are often encouraged to honor those who carry out attacks against Israel, and to participate in such attacks themselves. Such incitement has long been tied to acts of terrorism by Israeli authorities and experts.
During the past school year, some Palestinian children wore military fatigues and held toy guns while performing in plays that depict the abduction and killing of Israelis. Over the summer, more than 50,000 Palestinian kids in the Gaza Strip attended three-week-long military training camps, which aim “to raise a generation of Palestinians who love the resistance and the liberation of Palestine and the Al-Aqsa Mosque,” according to the Gaza-based terrorist group Hamas. More than 10,000 Palestinian teenagers graduated from such camps in 2015. Palestinian children have also been seen brandishing weapons while participating in rallies alongside adults; footage from an October rally in Rafah, Gaza, showed a number of youths — including toddlers — holding blades as a sprawling crowd called for terrorist attacks against Jews.
In July, the Palestinian Authority's official newspaper praised Palestinian youth who died after carrying out or attempting to carry out stabbing attacks against Israelis, claiming they followed “the path of excellence and superiority.” In April, the PA organized a high school reading program that praised a terrorist who murdered three people, including American peace activist Richard Lakin. The same terrorist was separately honored at three Palestinian universities.
Children's cartoons aired on official Palestinian TV also demonize Jews and Israelis, and glorify those who attack them. A cartoon broadcast by Fatah TV during Ramadan featured Jews as agents of devils who opposed the Islamic prophet Muhammad. In past years, a Hamas children's show featured a Mickey Mouse look-alike named Farfur who called for suicide bombings against Jews. Hamas claimed a previous character, Nahul the bee, died because Israel refused to give him access to medical care.
Multiple surveys of Palestinian public opinion have found widespread support for terror attacks against Israeli civilians, as well as negative perceptions of Jews. A poll conducted by a Ramallah-based firm over the first three months of 2016 found that more than 60 percent of Palestinians approve of “armed attacks against Israeli civilians inside Israel.” Of all age groups, youth between the ages of 18 and 22 were “the least supportive of the two-state solution” and “the most supportive of stabbing attacks,” according to the poll.
Dan Polisar, the provost of Shalem College, explained in Mosaic Magazine in November that these polls reveal the extent to which “Palestinian perpetrators of violence reflect and are acting on the basis of views widely held in their society.”
In How the Mufti of Jerusalem Created the Permanent Problem of Palestinian Violence, which was published in the November 2015 issue of The Tower Magazine, Edy Cohen linked the long history of Palestinian incitement against Jews and Israel to the infamous Mufti of Jerusalem, Haj Amin al-Husseini.
Haj Amin al-Husseini, known as the Mufti of Jerusalem, has suddenly become the object of considerable public discussion. The recent controversy over Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks—in which he claimed, erroneously, that the Mufti had persuaded Adolf Hitler to exterminate the Jews—has brought sudden attention to one of the most important figures in the history of the Arab-Israeli conflict. That's because al-Husseini was not only the founding father of the Arab national movement in Palestine. He was also a fervent anti-Semite, the most important Nazi collaborator in the Arab world, and a political activist who worked tirelessly for the ethnic cleansing and physical destruction of the Jews in Palestine and in the Middle East as a whole. As Israelis face yet another wave of violence at the hands of Palestinians, and we ask yet again about its causes, a serious look at the Mufti's role in crafting, justifying, and encouraging such violence becomes crucial for our understanding. For the Mufti not only founded Palestinian nationalism as we know it today, but defined it as an ideology of absolute rejectionism and even genocide. In effect, the Mufti denied that the Jews had any national rights whatsoever, and especially not in the historic Land of Israel. In this, the Mufti originated the single most important obstacle to peace in the Middle East: The Palestinian refusal to accept Jewish sovereignty and even physical presence in any part of the Land of Israel. In many ways, to understand the Mufti is to understand why the Palestinians, despite numerous opportunities to do so, still refuse to make peace.
[Photo: Leibel A Mangel / YouTube ]
WASHINGTON (AP) — The State Department says President Donald Trump's travel ban on citizens of six mainly Muslim countries, North Korea and Venezuela is now fully operational. The announcement follows the Supreme Court's decision earlier this week to allow enforcement of the ban as it is challenged in lower courts.
The department said it began fully implementing the ban at the opening of business at all U.S. embassies and consulates on Friday.
The ban restricts citizens Chad, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Syria, Somalia and Yemen from getting U.S. visas. Some Venezuelan officials are also covered.
The administration says the restrictions are based on an assessment of each country's security situation and its willingness to share information. Critics say the measure is an attempt to bar Muslims from coming to the U.S.
The Wall Street Journal just got spanked. Hopefully the flogging will end up in the public square.
It may not, which is why I'm sharing the information below.
Their recent opinion piece by Daniel Henninger entitled "Obamacare's Lost Tribe: Doctors" tried to make the case that the horribleness of the "Law's new PQRS (Physicians Quality Reporting System)" would cause doctors to... well, it's not clear. "Give up on medicine" was one implication. The article implies that the entire ACA should be repealed, because the doctors want it to be, or something, because the PQRS-related provisions will just destroy the doctor-patient relationship, probably!
The piece cites a JAMA article in support of it's point. Problem is, the doctors who wrote the JAMA article, when notified of the WSJ piece, were less than happy that their article was cited in such a way. And they let the WSJ know.
The WSJ article: Obamacare's Lost Tribe: Doctors
The JAMA article cited in the WSJ piece: Assessing Individual Physician Performance Does Measurement Suppress Motivation?
My email to one of the JAMA article's authors, Dr. Christine K Cassel:
Dr. Cassel, The WSJ has published an article critical of the ACA, and it is your JAMA article (Assessing Individual Physician Performance, Does Measurement Suppress Motivation? Christine K. Cassel, MD; Sachin H. Jain, MD, MBA) is cited in a way favorable to the WSJ's article main point. How do you feel about this? Was the intention of your article that the entire ACA should be repealed due to uncertainties with the 2012 hospital VBP provision and the 2015 "value not volume" provision? Thank you,
XXXX
Mr. XXXX, Thank you for your email. The Wall Street Journal misrepresented Dr. Jain and my views in their editorial. We are both very strong supporters of the ACA. Our letter in response (submitted today) is below. Regards, Christine K. Cassel, MD MACP
President and CEO
American Board of Internal Medicine
510 Walnut Street, Suite 1700
Philadelphia, PA 19106
Daniel Henninger's column (ObamaCare's Lost Tribe: Doctors ) fundamentally misrepresents our perspective as well as key facts about the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and the Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS). ACA did not create PQRS, it was established during the Bush administration and by a Republican Congress. As we noted in JAMA, we believe in and support efforts around physician measurement –measurements that are meaningful, improve quality of care and have patient care-centered goals. Physicians are, at their core, scientists – scientists who believe in evidence and measurement. They are also very used to being assessed and evaluated. From medical school through residency to practice they demonstrate to themselves, their peers and the public that they have met the standards of the profession through exams, board certification and Maintenance of Certification. Physicians use performance data from these and other programs to identify areas for improvement. But the measurement world isn't perfect. The Affordable Care Act (ACA), in its wisdom, understands that and has created mechanisms to examine innovative approaches to care delivery and measurement. In fact, many programs of the ACA (Accountable Care Organizations and the Innovations Center to name two) focus on enhancing the physician patient relationship and put doctors and other health professionals in the driver's seat for designing new approaches to care delivery. We have no misgivings about the appropriateness of measuring physician's performance – we believe it is important, vital, to improving the quality and safety of health care in this country. It is unfortunate that Mr. Henninger chose to use our analysis on how to improve physician measurement as a way to demonize the ACA and cause unnecessary fear for patients. The ACA will not damage the relationship between ill patients and physicians – in fact it will allow more patients to get the care they need. Christine Cassel, MD Sachin Jain, MD
Philadelphia, PA Boston, MA
And Dr Cassel's response to me:And her response directly to the WSJ, which may or may not see the light of day - except for here:
Missouri State Rep. Tila Hubrecht (Facebook)
A Missouri Republican called pregnancy that results from rape a “silver lining,” according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
State Rep. Tila Hubrecht was speaking in favor of a potential ballot measure that, if approved by voters, would grant unborn fetuses the same constitutional rights as American citizens.
“It is not up to us to say ‘no just because there was a rape, they cannot exist,'” Hubrecht said, during debate on the matter. “Sometimes bad things happen — horrible things, but sometimes God can give us a silver lining through the birth of a child.”
The measure would amend the state constitution by asking voters to “protect pregnant women and unborn children by recognizing that an unborn child is a person with a right to life which cannot be deprived by state or private action without due process and equal protection of law.”
Opponents say the results could be banning abortion in cases of rape or when the life of the mother is in jeopardy, and could also include outlawing of contraception.
Hubrecht also said she had complications during the birth of one of her children and had made the doctor promise to save the baby's life even if it meant she would lose her own.
“When God gives life, he does so because there's a reason, no matter what,” she said. “I've met and talked with the different people who have been conceived by rape. There is a reason for their life.”
Listen to Hubrecht's comments, as posted by Progress Missouri, here:
I get asked a lot of the same questions every day. I'd like to periodically answer all the important ones in one place so that there's an easy reference for people to be sent to. Please post in this thread with your questions and I'll get as many as I can into a set of answers.
Some quick rules:
Please don't repeat a question someone else has asked unless it's a substantial improvement.
Please don't use this thread for discussion of the questions - just post the questions and don't reply to other people. I'm going to be reading through a lot of text and I'd prefer that if someone asks a bad question we don't have pages of people calling them an idiot.
Please only ask questions about Path of Exile and Grinding Gear Games. I'm not going to have time to talk about what we have for breakfast.
I'll probably let the thread accumulate questions for a couple of days before working out what we can answer. Please note that my answers may be relatively short but will contain as much of our specific reasoning as possible. Hi guys,I get asked a lot of the same questions every day. I'd like to periodically answer all the important ones in one place so that there's an easy reference for people to be sent to. Please post in this thread with your questions and I'll get as many as I can into a set of answers.Some quick rules:I'll probably let the thread accumulate questions for a couple of days before working out what we can answer. Please note that my answers may be relatively short but will contain as much of our specific reasoning as possible. YouTube |
Lead Developer. Follow us on: Twitter Facebook | Contact Support if you need help! Last edited by Chris on Mar 11, 2013, 1:10:53 AM
Amongst the images of agitating farmers in Madhya Pradesh, it was striking to see how many were youngsters dressed in jeans and shirts — they were clearly not all farmers, but also farmers' sons, unhappy with jobless growth. We are facing not just a farmers' crisis today, but also a crisis of farming families, whose children want non-farm jobs.
Advertising
Have we ever seriously asked farmers if they like farming? Only once, as far as surveys go. A Situation Assessment Survey (SAS) by the National Sample Survey Organisation (NSSO) several years ago asked over 50,000 farmers across India: “Do you like farming as a profession?” Forty per cent said they did not. Ankush Agrawal (IIT-Delhi) and I analysed the SAS data. In our paper, “Do farmers really like farming? Indian Farmers in Transition” (Oxford Development Studies, 2017), we compared farmers who liked farming with those who did not. We found that dissatisfied farmers included both the most vulnerable and the well-off — the former due to low production, the latter due to higher aspirations.
The resource-poor farmers who disliked farming owned smaller plots (0.85 ha on average), compared to the 1.4 ha owned by those who liked farming; they had less access to irrigation, credit and crop insurance; they were less aware of minimum support prices (MSPs) and tended not to be members of farmers' groups. All these factors matter for raising productivity and lowering risk, the two factors farmers emphasised: Two-thirds cited low profits and one-fifth cited riskiness for disliking farming. Irrigation is central to production. Crop insurance (only 3.8 per cent of all farmers had any) is key for protection against crop failure. Awareness of MSPs brings better returns. Access to cheaper credit encourages investment. Membership in farmers' groups can reduce distress by providing support when farmers face indebtedness. (Ironically, loan waivers will not help the most vulnerable farmers — many çan't access bank credit anyway and depend on moneylenders).
Age and gender also affect farmer satisfaction — younger farmers tended to be more dissatisfied, and women farmers more than men, understandably since few women own land and most face difficulties accessing irrigation, credit, inputs and markets. This has implications for productivity, since at least 35 per cent of our agricultural work force is female and likely to grow. And it has implications for food security since 75 per cent of rural women workers, versus 59 per cent of rural male workers, depend mainly on agriculture for a living (NSSO 2011-12). Indeed, unless we alleviate women's constraints, future farmer agitations may be led by women.
Notably, dissatisfied farmer households had more working age members per acre (6.6 relative to 4.2 among satisfied farmers). The benefit of having more working adults is overridden by disaffection if these are children who don't want to farm. This highlights the second major category of farmers who disliked farming, those owning more land, educated above middle school, living in pucca homes — but unable to fulfil aspirations.
Location also matters. A larger proportion of farmers were dissatisfied in states with low rainfall, less urbanisation, low per capita incomes and largely subsistence farming, compared to farmers in richer states, with favourable climates and mixed farming (ie, subsistence plus commercial crops). Some argue that dissatisfied farmers should be encouraged to seek non-farm jobs. But this fails to recognise that one section of the dissatisfied — the resource-poor, little educated — have few options outside agriculture except casual work, which would leave them poorer, while the better-educated, younger farmers want regular jobs, which are sparse. Also, employment prospects differ between the rural and urban. Many studies find that moving from farms to mega cities does not reduce poverty — it may even increase it. For poverty reduction, the best route is raising farm productivity, the next being non-farm jobs in villages or secondary towns.
Within non-farm employment, the main benefits come from skilled regular jobs, which are few in number, but which are precisely the jobs the educated youth of farm households want. Most farmers themselves want their children to leave farming and educate them for exit options — but a desire to quit does not match the ability to quit. Occupational mobility is lowest in agriculture: An all-India survey by Motilal and Singh (EPW 2010) found that almost 50 per cent of farmers' children end up as farmers.
We need a multi-pronged strategy to help both resource-poor farmers and the educated better-off ones. For the majority, raising farm yields and diversifying livelihoods would be the best way. Many experts provide long lists of recommendations for raising output; let me mention just two. The foremost is irrigation, and a judicious use of groundwater. Only 44 per cent of our cropland is irrigated — this needs priority expansion. We have also used our groundwater recklessly. In Punjab, with drastic overdrawing, the water table has been falling by 2.6 feet annually since 2000. Instead of diesel and electricity subsidies, which encourage excessive pumping, we must strictly regulate extraction (say, by meters), conserve water use by techniques like drip irrigation, expand rainwater harvesting, etc. A second strategic need is for institutional innovation, especially promoting cooperation in production and linking farmers to higher value chains. Pooling land, labour and capital can help small farmers expand farm size, enjoy scale economies, share risks, improve input access, upscale technology and enlarge the skill pool — small owners can thus become medium-sized producers.
This has worked especially well for Kerala's women farmers under Kudumbashree; today, 2.6 lakh women, constituting 54,000 groups, are doing group farming. As my ongoing research shows, in districts like Thrissur, groups cultivating vegetables and specialised bananas are making substantial profits, rarely possible under individual farming. Increasing the profitability and reliability of returns, and giving production incentives would make farming more attractive, even to the educated youth.
Advertising
Unhappy farmers cannot be made happy through loan waivers. Sustainable agriculture cannot be promoted by subsidising chemical fertilisers. The rural crises will not disappear by shooting farmers. We need economically viable, not populist, policies for happier farmers, who would prefer to be in their fields rather than on the streets.
EXPLOSIVE PERFORMER: Jon Heder as Lance, the 'creepy' street magician alongside Kristen Bell in When in Rome.
His name is Jon Heder, but the world knows him as Napoleon Dynamite.
It has been six years and 10 movies since Heder played what the New York Times described as the "awkward, frizzy-haired hero" in the title role of the comedy, Napoleon Dynamite, a film that cost a group of college friends just $US400,000 ($NZ555,736) to make and went on to earn $US46 million in theatres worldwide and many tens of millions more in DVD, video and merchandising sales.
"Initially," said Heder, confirming reports he was paid just $US1000 for the role.
When the millions of box office dollars began rolling in, Heder re-negotiated and received a cut of the huge profits.
"They went a little bit higher," he said.
It was the last time Heder would earn less than six figures for a film role, with Napoleon Dynamite transforming the actor from a nobody to one of Hollywood's hottest young actors, earning roles in Adam Sandler's Benchwarmers, alongside Will Ferrell in Blades of Glory and Billy Bob Thornton in School for Scoundrels.
Next up he plays a creepy, lovestruck magician in the romantic comedy When In Rome, co-starring Kristen Bell, Anjelica Huston, Danny DeVito, Josh Duhamel and Dax Shepard.
"Everybody keeps saying 'creepy magician'," Heder says.
"The role description just says 'magician'.
"Is it creepy?"
He seems surprised when the answer he hears is "Yes".
As Lance, the "creepy" street magician, his character pursues successful and single Guggenheim art curator Beth (Bell) after she randomly picks out coins from the Fountain of Love in Rome, Italy. Beth also pockets coins tossed in by a sausage entrepreneur (DeVito), a male model (Shepard) and a painter (Will Arnett).
The men become obsessed with her.
As the interview with Heder progresses, he concedes some audience members may find his character creepy.
"When someone is chasing you and is in love with you that's stalker territory," he says.
"That's inherently creepy. Magicians, particularly street magicians, they have always been labelled kind of creepy.
"I was stoked to play a guy who was not only creeping you out, but was also after your heart."
The film's director Mark Steven Johnson was so impressed with Heder's performance he included the actor in some scenes shot in Rome. Originally the plan was to keep his character in New York.
"It was pretty rad," Heder said of the working trip to Rome.
"It was very cool. Originally I wasn't supposed to go, but I was so creepy and good they wrote me into the Rome scenes."
Away from the film set Heder lives a very un-Hollywood life.
The 32-year-old is a devout Mormon and says his life is void of alcohol, drugs and caffeine. He has been married to college sweetheart Kirsten for eight years and the couple has two young children.
In an era in Hollywood where studios are pumping out sequels - later this year we will see Sex and the City 2, Iron Man 2, Nanny McPhee 2, Wall Street 2, Toy Story 3, Twilight 3, Step Up 3, Shrek Forever After and big screen versions of old TV series like The A-Team - surprisingly a Napoleon Dynamite 2 has not been produced.
Heder is not 100 per cent behind a sequel, but does not rule it out.
"I don't know if it's a good thing," Heder says of a Napoleon Dynamite 2.
Asked why he does not think it is a good thing he struggles to come up with an answer
"I don't have any idea," he says.
"I think we are all old and frumpier now aren't we?
"But you never know.
"Our cards could be played right."
Dinosaurs proclaim: 'Stop national service extinction'
Protesters dressed as dinosaurs gathered on the Capitol lawn on Aug. 30, 2017, to demonstrate against Trump's budget cuts. (Photo11: Deirdre Shesgreen, USA TODAY)
WASHINGTON — Forget President Trump's problems within recalcitrant Republicans and oppositional Democrats. Now he's facing a mob of menacing dinosaurs.
About 100 wobbly dinosaurs — OK, people dressed up in gigantic, plastic T. rex suits — roared and stampeded across the Capitol lawn on Wednesday morning.
“We're coming to get you!” one bellowed.
Even by Washington standards for theatrical protests, it was quite a sight. The cause, in this case: the president's proposed budget cuts to national service programs, such as AmeriCorps.
The dinosaur suits fit the motto of their PR blitz: “Stop national service extinction.”
“While dinosaurs are fun, national service extinction is a serious matter,” said Aly Ferguson, a spokeswoman for the Service Year Alliance, a nonprofit that encourages young Americans to spend a year doing public service, whether as teachers or health care providers.
She noted that hundreds of AmeriCorps members are in Texas right now, helping with the response to Hurricane Harvey. “If the president's budget becomes reality, these people would not be there helping during this natural disaster,” Ferguson said.
Trump's budget for fiscal year 2018, which begins in October, calls for eliminating the Corporation for National and Community Service. National service and other volunteer programs should be funded by the private sector and other nonprofit groups, the White House argues.
Congress will have the final say on federal spending for 2018. Ferguson said they were counting on lawmakers to jettison Trump's request.
The video is even better than the pic. The dinosaurs are coming to get you! pic.twitter.com/brOFGp3aPK — Deirdre Shesgreen (@dshesgreen) August 30, 2017
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2xMNhpP
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Researchers from Stanford's Hopkins Marine Station have developed a two-lensed camera that sticks to the backs of filter-feeding whales with suction cups. The new device has been used to capture unprecedented footage of whales in action, and it's offering new insights into the feeding and swimming behaviors of these aquatic beasts.
On the surface of it, filter-feeding sounds like a painstakingly straightforward process: whale opens mouth, whale gobbles-up copious amounts of krill, whale closes mouth. Those may be the broad strokes, but it's actually more complicated. Because we rarely have an opportunity to observe whales in their undersea habitat, researchers have struggled to understand the finer details of the process, such as the speeds at which whales approach their tiny prey, how quickly they can change direction, and how they adjust in the presence of fish.
Advertisement
In a new study published in Current Biology, lead author David Cade and colleagues describe a sensor that they used to intimately track the comings and goings of baleen filter-feeding whales, or rorqual whales as they're known to marine biologists, as they forage for prey. The new whale research device, which sticks to the back of the whales with suction cups, contains a first-generation side-to-side-facing dual camera, and it tracks the movements of a tagged whale in three-dimensions.
Working in South Africa, Patagonia, and off both coasts of the United States, the researchers affixed the device to several species of rorquals, including humpback whales, blue whales, and minke whales. Like pre-existing tracking devices, it's also equipped with an accelerometer, magnetometer, and pressure and sound recorders.
Looking at the data captured by the device, the researchers found that krill-eating whales tend to follow a distinct pattern of activity. When approaching a cluster of krill, they suddenly increase speed, and open their mouths right at the point of maximum velocity. The sudden inflow of water into their mouths—sometimes as much as 140 percent of their mass—slows the whale down, but the krill are consumed in the most efficient way possible. Once the whales are back at normal cruising speed, they close their mouths.
Advertisement
When fish are around, the whales' movements are a bit more dynamic, and they vary their timing. The researchers hypothesize that the whales are responding to the more advanced escape abilities of fish compared to krill. Rather than expel all their energy in an attempt to catch fish, the whales are likely hedging their bets and conserving their energy, which would likely be better served hunting for krill.
This research could help scientists understand the impact that whales are having on our ocean resources. It's not clear how much fish rorqual whales are consuming, but by studying their eating habits in this way, we stand a better chance of knowing. As the researchers noted in a press statement, “Learning more about rorqual feeding habits can support conservation efforts while also furthering insights into ecosystem processes that have direct effects on human fisheries.”
[Current Biology]
Joel Embiid is fresh off of the best game of his career. On his way to 46 points (on 20 shots), JoJo pulled a plethora is moves out of his post-up arsenal. While he has a solid mid-range game and can hit the three, Embiid is feasting in the post this season. He leads the league in points off of post-ups, and is just bullying everyone who gets in his way. That includes Andrew Bogut, Julius Randle, Willie Cauley-Stein, DeAndre Jordan, and that other guy.
So when Embiid reaches into his bag of tricks in the paint, low, and high-post, he's pulling out new, old, and copied moves that can be damn near unstoppable. Here, categorized and named, are some of them (most from this year, too many to actually categorize):
The 69%
The Banker
The Bench Party
The Big Boy
The Bulldozer
The Celebration Rack
The Constant Headache
The Coup de Grace
The Croatian Cleanup
The Excuse Me
The Fever Dream Shake (h/t to Matt Moore)
The Good Tipper
The Hesi Stepback JoJo
The Is He Human, or Is He Dancer?
The Just Shoot It
The No Known Drink or Dunk
The Now You See Me
The Now You Don't
The Rise Up with Fists
The Shot Stick
The Spectating Willie
The Spin ‘n' Spin
The Squeeze
The Swimfoul
The Takeaway
The “Too Much Man”
The Two-Timer
The Yaoundé Step
Since 1992, sea levels worldwide have risen by an average of three inches (8 centimeters) as a result of warming waters and melting ice, new data released by the US space agency NASA show.
And there is more to come. "It's pretty certain we are locked into at least three feet of sea level rise, and probably more," Steve Nerem of the University of Colorado, Boulder, who leads NASA's Sea Level Change Team, said.
"But we don't know whether it will happen within a century or somewhat longer," he added.
The rise will have a "profound impact" around the world, Michael Freilich, director of NASA's Earth Science Division, said.
Low-lying US states such as Florida are at risk of disappearing, as are some of the world's major cities such as Singapore and Tokyo. Some Pacific nations may be entirely wiped out.
"More than 150 million people, most of them in Asia, live within one meter of present sea level," he added.
Scientists estimate that about one-third of sea level rise is caused by warming ocean water, one-third is due to ice loss from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, and the remaining third comes from melting mountain glaciers.
The biggest uncertainty in forecasting sea level changes is the speed at which polar ice sheets melt.
The NASA data follows the last major predictions on the rise in sea levels, made in 2013 by the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
The IPCC said global sea levels would likely rise from one to three feet by the end of the century. Nerem said the latest satellite data suggests the higher end of that range is now more likely.
ng/jil (Reuters, AFP)
Wildstar's PVP is fun and chaotic. I recently had the pleasure of playing in an grudge match between EU and US games journalists in one of Wildstars battlegrounds: Walatiki Temple. It's a capture the flag map, except the flags are replaced with voodoo masks. Spoilers: we – the EU side – lost, but the match demonstrated the kind of tactics and moves you can expect from battlegrounds in Wildstar.
While it's not particular daring in design, it works.
The map starts like most others: each team gathers behind a gate until the timer hits zero and it's a mad dash for the first mask. Each team must capture five masks to win, but each team also starts out with a single mask in their base.
I was playing as a Stalker – a stealthy back-stabbing glass cannon – and while everyone else was going for the masks, I had something else in my sights: their base.
And I was going to steal it.
An infiltration made perfect sense for the Stalker. Running past the brawl in the middle of the map, I quietly slipped into their base and past their lone defender. One of the biggest changes to the Walatiki Temple map is the addition of an alternative entrance/exit to each base via a cave. That was my getaway plan.
As soon as the game announced my shenanigans, the defender beelined straight for me. Carrying a mask slows you and prevents you using movement skills. But there's a speed buff at the end of the exit corridor.
You can watch the whole chase, and the whole game in this video below:
Wildstar telegraphs everything that happens on the battlefield. Enemy attacks show up as red, whereas ally abilities/heals show up as blue. It works like a treat when it's a one-on-one or a couple of players in a light skirmish. The problems arise when you've got twenty players all spamming their abilities. The ground is littered with red and blue alike, and you have absolutely no idea where you should stand, especially if you're a melee character.
I'm not exactly sure what I could suggest alleviating this issue. It's an information overload, but I can't help but think the issue wouldn't be solved by taking the telegraphs away. Maybe it's something that will cause less confusion over time as players learn the classes abilities.
As the game drew close to its inevitable end I began to really get feel for the Stalkers strength in this map. Infiltration – especially with a partner in crime for support – was a no brainer, but they also excelled in taking down lone enemies and mask carriers. Wading in knee deep into the zerg for the mask spawns was a bad idea, and almost certainly led to a swift death.
Apart from the telegraph blitz that occurs in large teamfights, I was hard pressed to find anything wrong with Wildstars PVP. It plays it safe: it sticks with the holy trinity of tank, healer and dps. There's no revolutionary thinking to be had here. It's solid.
Why fix something that isn't broken?
A MAN REPORTED that he was attacked at about 4:50 p.m. Monday, Oct. 19, in the 4100 block of North Milwaukee Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 19-year-old man reported that a man shouted at him and cut him on the face with an unknown object and fled, according to police. The man was given stitches at Community First Medical Center, police said.
A MAN REPORTED that he was robbed at about 11:15 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 18, in the 6000 block of North Nickerson Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 26-year-old man reported that after he got out of his car to smoke a cigarette, a man displayed a handgun and took $92 from him, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that she was robbed at about 2 a.m. Sunday, Oct. 18, in the 7200 block of West Higgins Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 23-year-old woman reported that a man followed her off a Blue Line train, pushed her to the ground, took her cell phone and fled toward the train station, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that his wallet was stolen at about 1 a.m. Sunday, Oct. 18, at the Jefferson Park CTA Blue Line station, 4917 N. Milwaukee Ave., according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 30-year-old man reported that he woke up on a train at the station and discovered that his wallet containing $40 was missing, according to police.
A MAN AND A woman reported that a man threatened them with a gun during a traffic altercation at about 2:25 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 17, in the 4300 block of North Austin Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 19-year-old man and 55-year-old woman reported that after they got out of their vehicles, the man took what appeared to be a gun from his car and pointed it at them and that they fled in their car, according to police.
TWO BOYS reported that they were robbed at about 6:15 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 17, in the 4800 block of North Long Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 13-year-old boys reported that that two men approached them and one of them displayed a knife and took their cell phones, according to police.
A MAN WAS arrested after he allegedly robbed a man at about 3:50 a.m. Thursday, Oct. 15, at the CTA Cumberland Blue Line station, 5800 N. Cumberland Ave., according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
A 29-year-old man reported that a man grabbed his cell phone, and that he fought with the man and that he was pushed to the train tracks with his luggage, according to police. The man said that the man threw his phone away, and the suspect was arrested after he was identified, according to police.
The suspect was identified by police as Calvin D. Williams Jr., age 18, of the 900 block of North River Road, Saginaw, Mich.
A MAN REPORTED that he was robbed and that his car was stolen at about 1:10 a.m. Wednesday, Oct. 14, in the 4800 block of West Roscoe Street, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 48-year-old man reported that he met a man on a Web site and drove to his apartment, according to police. The man said the man struck punched him in the head and the body, pushed him to the floor, kicked him in the head, took his jacket containing his cell phone and his car keys, and stole his 2008 Chrysler PT Cruiser, police said.
A MAN WAS arrested on aggravated assault charges following an incident at about 12:30 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 13, in the 7000 block of West Grace Street, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
A 31-year-old man reported that he was involved in an accident with another car, and that when he approached the other car to speak to the driver, he drove away, according to police. The man said that he approached the other vehicle as it was stopped at a light in the 3600 block of North Oak Park Avenue, and that when he reached inside to turn off the ignition, the man drove away with him hanging from the side of the vehicle, police said.
The man reported that he struck the man in the face to free himself and that an off-duty officer saw the incident, and the suspect was arrested after he was identified, police said.
The suspect was identified by police as Krzysztof Karalenko, age 44, of the 6500 block of North Sacramento Avenue. The man also was cited for the accident, police said.
The final novel by legendary sci-fi author Arthur C Clarke is to be published in August.
According to the Independent, Clarke's unfinished book The Last Theorem was completed by fellow scribe Frederik Pohl. Publisher HarperCollins coughed six figures to secure the rights earlier this year.
The book appears to have been a truly collaborative effort, with Clarke asking for Pohl's assistance when he became increasingly ill with post-polio syndrome, and also found himself stricken with writer's block. "Arthur said to me that he woke up one morning and didn't know how to write any of the books he had contracted," Pohl explained. "The stories had just gone out of his head."
Pohl worked from notes and an outline to bring the book to life over a period of two years, saying that "everything in the novel is something he either suggested or wrote or I discussed with him". Clarke was able to review the finished manuscript before his death in March this year.
The last theorem of the title is that of 17th-century maths whiz Pierre de Fermat, but if that's too dry there is the promise of space elevator action too.
The book is available to pre-order now before publication next month. ®
The following guest post was written by Robert Egge, vice president of public policy at the Alzheimer's Association.
The Alzheimer's Association 2012 Alzheimer's Disease Facts and Figures report reveals that care costs for people with Alzheimer's and other dementias in the United States will total an estimated $200 billion this year, including $140 billion paid by Medicare and Medicaid. Costs are projected to soar to $1.1 trillion in 2050 – and this is in today's dollars. In this timeframe, combined Medicare and Medicaid spending on people with Alzheimer's and other dementias will increase 500 percent.
These figures show that addressing the Alzheimer's crisis is not only critical for the millions of families affected, but for the health and economy of the nation. We can't afford Alzheimer's now and we certainly won't be able to afford it if this disease continues on its current path.
An estimated 5.4 million Americans are living with Alzheimer's – a devastating progressive neurodegenerative disease that today has no way to prevent, cure or even slow its progression. The number of people with the disease could grow to as many as 16 million people by the middle of the century.
As demonstrated by the new cost figures, Alzheimer's and other dementias are significant drivers of health care spending. The new report reveals that Medicare payments for an older person with Alzheimer's and other dementias are nearly three times more than for seniors without these conditions. Medicaid payments are 19 times higher.
Nearly 30 percent of people with Alzheimer's or another dementia are on both Medicare and Medicaid and these dual-eligibles are high consumers of health and long-term care services. Most people with Alzheimer's have one or more other serious chronic conditions, and their cognitive impairment often complicates the management of these other conditions. The result: more hospitalizations and higher costs. A person with diabetes and Alzheimer's costs Medicare 81 percent more than a senior with just diabetes and a senior with cancer and Alzheimer's costs 53 percent more than one who has cancer only. Adding Alzheimer's to the equation adds significantly to health care costs primarily because an individual's cognitive impairment can interfere with and undermine the management of these other health issues.
Alzheimer's is a disease that preys on a person's memories, independence, autonomy and eventually life. While there are more than 5 million Americans living with the disease, there more than 15 million friends and family members providing care for them – an unpaid care valued at $210 billion. A solid commitment now can be a critical weapon in changing the trajectory of this devastating disease – a disease that affects not only the individual living with it, but their friends and family as well.
As challenging as the disease is for people with Alzheimer's and friends and family who care for them, the difficulties are even more daunting for people who have Alzheimer's and live alone. The new Facts and Figures report found that 800,000 people with Alzheimer's in the United States – more than one in seven –live alone. Perhaps even more troublesome is that up to half of them do not have an identifiable caregiver. People with Alzheimer's who live alone are at greater risk of poor health than those who live with others, including missed or delayed diagnosis, malnutrition, and untreated medical conditions.
The Obama Administration is currently developing the first National Alzheimer's Plan in our country's history. After its passage by Congress on a unanimous, bipartisan basis, the National Alzheimer's Project Act (NAPA) was signed into law by President Obama on January 4, 2011. Over the past year, Americans affected by Alzheimer's made impassioned demands for decisive action during the Alzheimer's Association nationwide public input campaign. These individuals who live on the frontlines of Alzheimer's are eagerly waiting to see if the federal government's commitment to solving this crisis is equal to the magnitude of the crisis.
We must align the vision, goals, strategies, expertise and resources from across the federal government and the Alzheimer's community to create a fundamentally new approach to research, care and supportive services for families. With an aging nation, we must find the treatments that, at a minimum, delay the disease's progression or onset, and, in time, find those that prevent or cure it altogether. Even delaying onset of the disease or slowing its progression by just five years could result in dramatic savings to the country and improved quality of life for millions of families.
We must create a future where Alzheimer's disease is no longer a death sentence but a manageable, treatable, preventable, or curable disease that affects far fewer people – people who will be able to lead productive and meaningful lives. To create this world, we need a strong, comprehensive national plan with the commitment to implement it.
A full copy of the report can be found at alz.org/facts
1 of 45 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Trump captures the nation's attention on the campaign trail View Photos The Republican presidential candidate continues to dominate the contest. Caption Businessman Donald Trump officially became the Republican nominee at the party's convention in Cleveland. Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event at Trump Doral golf course in Miami. Carlo Allegri/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Nearly 7 in 10 Americans say the idea of Donald Trump becoming president makes them anxious, according to a new Washington-Post-ABC News poll that is the latest to reinforce the fact that the GOP front-runner faces clear obstacles to broadening his appeal in a general election.
The Post-ABC poll finds 69 percent of Americans feel anxious about of a Trump presidency, while 3 in 10 are comfortable with the idea -- both similar to a Post-ABC poll last month.
Few of the top presidential contenders inspire great comfort with the public at-large. Nearly half say they feel anxious about Ted Cruz as president (49 percent), while 48 percent say the same of Marco Rubio.
[Donald Trump leads, but he's still got a big image problem]
Among Democratic hopefuls, 51 percent of Americans say they are anxious about Hillary Clinton becoming president, while 43 percent are similarly concerned about Bernie Sanders in the White House. Sanders is the only candidate tested in the poll for whom a plurality -- 50 percent -- says they feel comfortable with as president. (Expect the Sanders campaign to push this number as they make their case that the democratic socialist is electable.)
Despite those tepid ratings, anxiety surrounding a Trump presidency exceeds all candidates by a wide margin, with the gap concentrated with intense concerns. The 51 percent who feel "very" anxious about Trump is significantly higher than Clinton (35 percent), Cruz (26), Sanders (24) or Rubio (18).
Greater anxiety over Trump owes both to larger concerns within his own party and beyond it, despite his substantial lead in national support for the nomination. The survey finds 44 percent of self-identified Republicans saying they are anxious about Trump becoming president, higher than his closest competitors Cruz (25 percent) and Rubio (28 percent).
[As first voting nears, Trump seems stronger]
Regardless of those views, most Republicans give positive marks to Trump. A 55 percent majority feel comfortable with him becoming president, and an even larger 65 percent of Republicans say they would accept him as the party's nominee.
Trump's mixed marks from Republicans on this question may be less important in a general election when the vast majority of partisans look past divisive primaries and vote for their party's nominee. But the poll also finds Trump elicits much greater concern over his potential election among key voting groups beyond the GOP, with large numbers saying they are "very anxious" about him even at this early stage.
Nowhere is this clearer than among Hispanics. Nearly 7 in 10 (69 percent) say they feel very anxious about Trump's candidacy -- 49 percentage points higher than any of the other four candidates tested. Trump began his campaign by saying many illegal immigrants were criminals sent across the border by Mexico.
In addition, 59 percent of women and 53 percent of Catholics report feeling very anxious about Trump as president, both more than 20 percentage points higher than for Rubio, Cruz, Sanders or Clinton. Some 47 percent of political independents also feel very anxious about Trump's candidacy, 10 points higher than for the other candidates tested.
The relatively high levels of anxiety Trump inspires are in line with recent Post-ABC polling measuring broad favorable or unfavorable impressions, attitudes which could prove a drag on his ability to win a general election.
This logic contrasts sharply with currently high expectations for Trump's electability among Republicans and the public overall. Fully 56 percent of Republicans and GOP-leaning independents say he has the best chance of getting elected president in November. And as our Fix colleague Philip Bump wrote yesterday, both Republicans and Democrats alike predict Trump would fare better Rubio or Cruz in a general election matchups against Clinton or Sanders.
[Donald Trump has convinced many that he can win. Bernie Sanders? Not so much.]
Whether those perceptions change or not, they could be consequential: In 2012, perceived electability was Mitt Romney's most consistent advantage over other Republican candidates. After eight years of a Democratic president, it's this attribute will play an important role again.
The Washington Post-ABC News poll was conducted Jan. 21 to 24 among a random national sample of 1,001 adults reached on landline and cellular phones. The margin of sampling error for overall results is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
Labour and the Tories are sinking under the pressure of decentralized politics. But for the Greens it could be the key to electoral success. Such was the optimistic logic in operation at this weekend's Green party conference in Harrogate.
Only a year ago, the Greens were similarly forecasting a general election triumph. Yet they fell short in several of their target seats. The "Green Surge" then took another hit as "Watermelon" members (green on the outside, red in the middle), distraught by the Tory majority, sought solace in Jeremy Corbyn's new vision for Labour.
So what might make this year different? That elections in Wales and Scotland are held under a proportional system, rather than first-past-the-post system, for one.
“We are the modern politics,” Green Leader Natalie Bennett told me - citing rising support across all three nations, a growing membership, and willingness to work with other parties. The old style of “Bish-Bosh politics” has had its day, she says.
Bennett was previously skeptical about the prospects of a post general election coalition. But now, on single issues at least, the attitude to coalition-building is openminded, and not just towards Labour.
“To get things done in politics you may need to forge coalitions with people who you entirely disagree with on a broad range of issues,” she explains. "If they [people on other side of politics] are going to argue that Trident is a waste of money, I'm very happy to sit with them and argue that it is a waste of money: let's bring together the broadest possible coalition.”
This pragmatism has already seen Bennett join forces with Ukip over the need for electoral reform. And is representative of the party's energetic new shape.
Over the course of an afternoon, I watched Amelia Womack, the UK's youngest ever deputy leader, chair a panel on the refugee crisis; sat through speeches next to Peaceful Warrior, a woodland caravan-dweller; and walked to the Trident demo with Mhairi Mackie, a 65 year-old Architecture lecturer from Glasgow.
The cast of conference characters may be eclectic, but their shared direction is firmly set towards the future. Nostalgia and sandals are out; Leonardo DiCaprio and customized Converses are in.
This trend is partly fuelled by the expanding under-thirty membership. Badges advocating “Cats Not Cuts” adorn the coats of a handful of Young Greens chatting in the canteen hall – some of the 20,000 who have helped the YG membership grow tenfold in under two years.
It is also, Bennett suggests, the product of a more “mature” political philosophy that confronts environmental, social and economic injustice as an inter-related challenge. “We are where you get to when you understand that we have to live within the limits of our one planet. And that requires a vastly more equitable distribution of the resources in our societies.”
And it is one being fostered by an exciting new leadership; who are young, pre-dominantly female, and poised to fill a raft of seats comes the elections in May.
In Wales, a strong field of candidates is being led by 31 year-old climate-scientist Alice Hooker-Stroud, who joined as part of the “Green surge” just 18 months ago. She will be fighting off Ukip candidates to win the party's first seat in the Welsh Assembly.
Meanwhile, in Scotland, the Party is expecting to see representatives elected to the Scottish Parliament from every region of the country.
"We look forward to increasing our number of seats on the London Assembly, putting in our best-ever performance in the London Mayoral contest, gaining a seat on the Welsh Assembly and growing our representation on councils across England and Wales." Bennett says.
Such a sweep of seats this May, if pulled off, might surprise many within the political establishment. But certainly not the party's much-admired new Deputy Leader and London Assembly candidate, Dr Shahrar Ali. “First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you.” he told the membership, quoting Ghandi. “Then they attack you. And then you win.”
Ones to watch...
Amelia Womack, 31, - Deputy Leader, and lead list candidate for South Wales Central
"Across the world others are leading the way - and shaming our Government in the process. Last year Denmark produced almost half of its energy from wind power. Latvia smashed through its 2020 renewables target, and Germany's renewable sector became the biggest contributor to its energy mix."
Sian Berry, 41 - London Mayoral Candidate
"We now live in an era of multi-party politics where the politics of the future no longer has to look like the politics of the past."
Ross Greer, 21 – Scottish Green Party spokesperson on Europe and External Affairs, and top green candidate for the West of Scotland region
“Something feels possible for us in Scotland for the first time”
Emma Carter, 26 – Accountant and Young Green, standing for the Party in Leeds North West. At her first conference she proposed a motion that is now the basis for the party's Higher Education policy.
“I joined because of knowing you can really have an influence over the direction of your party: if you don't feel like you have an effect on the direction of your party, you're not going to feel like you will change things in government.”
“Was it motoring, or was it music? Which came first? I shall never know—nor do I suppose that it should matter, provided that both endure as long as I do.”
So begins L.J.K. Setright's posthumously published autobiography, Long Lane With Turnings. He's trying to drum up his first memory, either his father playing Fritz Kreisler on the violin, or ogling the violet dash lights of a Rolls-Royce. Setright was Britain's most prolific auto writer, the centerpiece of an illustrious cast of characters that made CAR Magazine the world's best buff book during the Seventies and Eighties. He was controversial in the way eccentric people tend to be, as much a poet and scholar as a journalist. The man spent his life figuring out how it all fit together, how fashion and war and progress and cars influence one another, and how they influence us. For him, music and motoring, mechanisms for delivering pleasure, were forever entwined. Brilliant as he was, Setright was still wrong about a lot of things. But this is not one of them.
So, in celebrations of that truism, we've merged the two in a more literal (and fun) sense. Blowing the dust off an old Cootie Williams album, sinking into a Porsche 906 at redline through Turn 1 at Laguna Seca—that's the stuff we live for. Given our druthers, they'd be one in the same. Why not? Here, a few of our favorite trumpet players…
Syracuse, N.Y. -- A man who stole more than $16,000 over six months from six banks, including three in Central New York, has pleaded guilty to the robberies.
Robert Stevenson, 59, of Rochester, agreed to a deal Friday in U.S. District Court in Buffalo that could send him to prison for up to 20 years, according to court documents.
Stevenson admitted to robbing six banks between April and November 2012. Three of those banks were located in Syracuse, Utica and New Hartford.
At about 12:25 p.m. on May 11, 2012, Stevenson walked into the HSBC Bank at 333 W. Washington St. in Syracuse and held up a threatening note to a teller. The teller handed over $2,600 in cash and Stevenson fled. He was wearing a black suit and fedora during the robbery.
Before the Syracuse robbery Stevenson had robbed the Citzens Bank in Irondequoit on April 25 and gotten away with $1,550. His next bank robbery, however, led FBI agents to him as a suspect.
On June 11 Stevenson walked into the First Niagara Bank in Kenmore and handed a teller a note that read "100.00 and 50.00." According to court documents, he tapped his waistband and made a noise and gesture the teller took to mean he had a gun. The teller gave him $3,600 in cash.
FBI agents developed Stevenson as a suspect and showed a surveillance photo of the suspect from the First Niagara robbery to Stevenson's employer, who identified him. Stevenson's old probation officer -- he was convicted of bank robbery in 1996 and robbery in 2005 -- also identified him from a surveillance photo.
Stevenson later stole $3,315 from the Adirondack Bank in Utica on Aug. 20, $3,020 from the Bank of America in New Hartford on Oct. 3 and $2,340 on Nov. 5 from the Northwest Savings Bank in Falconer.
Stevenson's employer produced personnel records for the FBI that showed that during his six months of employment, he only missed four days of work. According to court documents, those four days coincided with four of the robberies.
When sentenced Stevenson faces up to 20 years in prison, a fine of $250,000, restitution and three years of supervised release.
The green economy is growing, but slowly.
That's according to a report released by the Economics and Statistics Administration, a division of the Department of Commerce. Green services and businesses amounted to just 1 to 2 percent of the private business economy in 2007. And there were 1.8 million to 2.4 million green jobs in 2007, less than 2 percent of the total work force.
Still, three years have passed, and there are plenty of reasons to think that these numbers have since risen, said Mark Doms, the chief economist for the department. “There is a clear increased customer awareness of all things green,” he said.
For example, there's the money made available recently through the Department of Energy for research in green technology and clean energy. One report last year found that the Obama's administration's goal of having renewables provide 25 percent of the nation's energy by 2025 would translate into about 297,000 new jobs.
Marc Stoiber, vice president for green innovation at the Chicago-based business consultancy Maddock Douglas, said it was important to remember that jobs that might not fall under a green job classification might have strong green elements, given the drive for energy efficiency.
Five years on from Japan's tsunami, the Asia editor of the Times, Richard Lloyd Parry, talks to those who feel they have seen, or even been possessed by, the ghosts of the dead.
Five years after Japan's Tsunami, some survivors report seeing the ghosts of the dead.
Richard Lloyd Parry, Asia Editor of the Times, has lived in Japan for 20 years. After the 2011 Tsunami he began to hear strange stories from the survivors. One woman said she was possessed by 25 different spirits, including a chained dog which had starved within the Fukushima fallout zone. A young builder saw people, plastered in mud, walking endlessly past his house. A cab driver's fare disappeared from the back seat, as soon as the car arrived at the abandoned address.
Now, Richard revisits the region to talk to those who claim to have seen ghosts.
Their stories - sometimes frightening, sometimes beautiful - reveal deeply-held elements of Japanese faith and spirituality, such as the cult of the ancestors, and Richard quickly comes to understand the role the dead play in the lives of the living.
Almost 20,000 people died in the disaster and for many survivors it felt selfish to express their personal grief. We hear how, for those trying to help people struck by the tragedy, part of the challenge has been to prompt them to express how they feel. Perhaps this is what the ghosts are doing.
So, as well as those directly affected, Richard talks those who try to comfort them - such as publisher Masashi Hijikata, who has revived an old literary tradition of Kaidankai or weird tale parties, bringing people together to tell their ghost tales in a kind of group therapy. There's also Reverend Kaneta, a charismatic Zen priest who has performed exorcisms on the 'possessed' and travelled the coastline, encouraging people to talk about their trauma while drinking coffee and listening to the dissonant jazz of Thelonius Monk records.
A Whistledown production for BBC Radio 4.
Rep. Ron Paul has not won a single primary--but that does not mean he's an unelectable candidate. In fact, Paul has polled higher in a general election matchup against the president than most Republican candidates despite his winless record in the primaries.
In a recent CNN/ORC Poll published days after the New Hampshire primary, 46 percent of the registered voters polled answered that they'd vote for Ron Paul when asked this question:
If Barack Obama were the Democratic Party's candidate and Ron Paul were the Republican Party's candidate, who would you be more likely to vote for--Obama, the Democrat, or Paul, the Republican? If unsure, as of today, who do you lean more toward?
Obama scored just two percentage points higher in the same poll. Given that the margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points, the results show that Ron Paul could remain incredibly competitive with the presidential incumbent, Obama. The same can't be said about all Republican candidates.
Newt Gingrich, who won the South Carolina primary about one week after the poll was released, did not yield as much confidence from voters as Ron Paul had. When voters were asked the same question--whether they'd vote for Gingrich or Obama for the presidency--only 43 percent said that they would vote for Gingrich.
Rick Santorum, who won the Iowa caucus in a near-tie with Mitt Romney, polled just above Gingrich. Of the registered voters that were asked whether they'd vote for Obama or Santorum for the presidency if it came down to it, 45 percent said they'd vote for Santorum.
Mitt Romney, who has remained consistently competitive in the Republican primaries, actually polled higher than Obama. When asked if they'd vote for Obama or Romney if the presidential race came down to those two candidates, 48 percent of the registered voters responded that they'd vote for Romney, while just 47 percent said that they would vote for Obama.
Romney earned high marks on characteristics and qualities that the poll participants believe are essential to being electable. When asked whether Romney Has the personality and leadership qualities a president should have, 58 percent of respondents said that he did and 37 percent said that he did not.
The next Republican primary will take place on Jan. 31 in Florida. Romney remains atop the field of candidates to take all 50 delegates that come with Florida's Republican primary. According to a poll from American Research Group released Wednesday morning, 41 percent of likely voters backed Romney.
Republican candidates will need 1,144 delegate votes in order to win the presidential nomination. As it stands, CNN estimates the following results: Gingrich has 25 delegates, Romney has 14, Paul has 10 and Santorum has eight.
Token authentication with Servant
Posted on June 18, 2016
Servant 0.5 introduced a BasicAuth combinator to support HTTP Basic authentication. However, Servant is designed to be extensible without needing to modify the library: the goal of this article is to see how we can implement a simple token based authentication.
Specifically, we will define a new combinator called Otoke and a HasServer instance involving it. Our goal is to be able to write an API type that looks like this:
type API = "unprotected" :> Get '[PlainText] String :<|> "protected" :> Otoke :> Get '[PlainText] String
Routes below the Otoke combinator will be protected by the token-based authentication. Clients will authenticate by using an HTTP Authorization header whose value will have the form oToke XXX .
Enough planning. Let's do it!
The combinator
This is the easy part.
data Otoke
No constructors are necessary because Otoke will only appear at the type level.
The HasServer instance
This is the hard part.
Servant uses what's called the universe pattern, in which a type-level EDSL is used to define a generic representation of types. This generic representation can be specialized to different concrete types by defining different type-level interpreters. HasServer is the interpreter that computes the concrete type of server for our API. What's more is that HasServer can also register certain checks for us that occur during routing.
It's precisely because HasServer is a typeclass with an associated type that we can extend it without needing to modify the servant-server library itself. The type family given by the associated type of each instance is open; this is a huge strength of Servant.
Here's the definition of HasServer .
class HasServer layout context where type ServerT layout (m :: * -> *) :: * route :: Proxy layout -> Context context -> Delayed env (Server layout) -> Router env
The instances of HasServer work by induction. The base case is when the Verb primitive is encountered. We don't normally use Verb directly, but instead use convenient type aliases such as Get or Post .
The step cases occur when we hit X :> sublayout , where X is a combinator such as Header , Capture or in our case Otoke , or is a type-level string, for constant portions of the URL. The instance head in the step cases has the constraint HasServer sublayout context ; this is the induction hypothesis.
Thus, the instance declaration for our combinator looks like this:
instance HasServer sublayout context => HasServer (Otoke :> sublayout) context where
The instance body is also defined inductively in these cases. The ServerT associated type is used to compute the type of handler function for Otoke :> sublayout . For now, we will just check whether the value of the Authorization header is among a list of accepted values. However, in a real server, we might want to fetch a user context from a database and provide that context to the handler function. So for the sake of example, we will represent our user context with () .
type ServerT (Otoke :> sublayout) m = () -> ServerT sublayout m
Now we can implement route . Let's break down its arguments:
Proxy layout : used to guide type inference.
: used to guide type inference. Context context : used to pass data around between our routing functions. In a real server, we could use this context to pass a pool of database connections to our routing function in order to look up the token in a database.
: used to pass data around between our routing functions. In a real server, we could use this context to pass a pool of database connections to our routing function in order to look up the token in a database. Delayed env (Server layout) : used to register any checks we would like to perform on the request and to decide whether to continue routing inside the sublayout.
Our implementation of route needs to construct a Router . The most obvious way to do this, by blindly following the types, is to use route provided to us by the induction hypothesis. To do so, we need to call route with Proxy sublayout . Since the context is unused, we just pass it along unchanged. All that's left is the third argument, where we need to add our check for the Authorization header.
Luckily for us, there is the function addAuthCheck :: Delayed env (a -> b) -> DelayedIO a -> Delayed env b . Using this function will require that a -> b unify with () -> ServerT sublayout m . If we hadn't introduced the dummy user context representation earlier with () , then typechecking would have failed here.
Here's the implementation of route :
route Proxy context subserver = route (Proxy :: Proxy sublayout) context (addAuthCheck subserver go) where go = withRequest $ \req -> do case parseHeaderMaybe =<< lookup "Authorization" (requestHeaders req) of Nothing -> delayedFail err401 Just h -> if h `elem` pws then pure () else delayedFail err401 pws :: [T.Text] pws = ("oToke " `T.append`) <$> [ "hello" , "world" ] parseHeaderMaybe = eitherMaybe . parseHeader where eitherMaybe e = case e of Left _ -> Nothing Right x -> Just x
The withRequest helper lets us access the Wai request, from which we extract the list of headers, look up the Authorization header, and parse it. Finally, we check that the given token is among the list of accepted tokens. If it is, then we return the dummy user context; else, we fail with Unauthorized . We also fail with Unauthorized if there is no Authorization header at all.
That concludes the implementation of the HasServer instance!
The server
The server is extremely simple to write, since all the hard work is done by HasServer during routing.
myServer :: Server API myServer = pure "not secret" :<|> const (pure "secret") -- ignore the () main :: IO () main = run 8081 $ server (Proxy :: Proxy API)
Results
Let's confirm that /unprotected is accessible without authorization and that /protected works with either of the two tokens we hardcoded.
$ curl -v 'http://localhost:8081/unprotected' * Trying 127.0.0.1... * Connected to localhost (127.0.0.1) port 8081 (#0) > GET /unprotected HTTP/1.1 > Host: localhost:8081 > User-Agent: curl/7.48.0 > Accept: */* > < HTTP/1.1 200 OK < Transfer-Encoding: chunked < Date: Sat, 18 Jun 2016 23:08:03 GMT < Server: Warp/3.2.6 < Content-Type: text/plain;charset=utf-8 < * Connection #0 to host localhost left intact not secret
$ curl -v 'http://localhost:8081/protected' * Trying 127.0.0.1... * Connected to localhost (127.0.0.1) port 8081 (#0) > GET /protected HTTP/1.1 > Host: localhost:8081 > User-Agent: curl/7.48.0 > Accept: */* > < HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized < Transfer-Encoding: chunked < Date: Sat, 18 Jun 2016 23:08:15 GMT < Server: Warp/3.2.6 < * Connection #0 to host localhost left intact
$ curl -v -H 'Authorization: oToke hello' 'http://localhost:8081/protected' * Trying 127.0.0.1... * Connected to localhost (127.0.0.1) port 8081 (#0) > GET /protected HTTP/1.1 > Host: localhost:8081 > User-Agent: curl/7.48.0 > Accept: */* > Authorization: oToke hello > < HTTP/1.1 200 OK < Transfer-Encoding: chunked < Date: Sat, 18 Jun 2016 23:09:35 GMT < Server: Warp/3.2.6 < Content-Type: text/plain;charset=utf-8 < * Connection #0 to host localhost left intact secret
$ curl -v -H 'Authorization: oToke world' 'http://localhost:8081/protected' * Trying 127.0.0.1... * Connected to localhost (127.0.0.1) port 8081 (#0) > GET /protected HTTP/1.1 > Host: localhost:8081 > User-Agent: curl/7.48.0 > Accept: */* > Authorization: oToke world > < HTTP/1.1 200 OK < Transfer-Encoding: chunked < Date: Sat, 18 Jun 2016 23:09:41 GMT < Server: Warp/3.2.6 < Content-Type: text/plain;charset=utf-8 < * Connection #0 to host localhost left intact secret
Everything seems to be working just as planned!
Conclusion
This was my first experience in adding a combinator to Servant, and I'm sure there are ways that the technique I used here can be improved. In a future post I'll extend the work here by using the context to pass in a database connection pool and use Esqueleto to look up the token in a database.
Full source code is available on Github.
Here are three recent mainstream reports that the peace process is stalled and going nowhere. Interestingly, all three put the blame on Israel, which is a shift from earlier versions of the failure of the peace process. The key issue mentioned is Israel's refusal to withdraw forces from the Jordan Valley in the West Bank.
I'm saving the harshest for last: the statement from PLO official Yasser Abed Rabbo, who is authorized to speak publicly about the negotiations, saying that “these are the worst negotiating sessions in 20 years,” a statement mentioned at the State Department briefing yesterday.
First, Jackson Diehl in the Washington Post says John Kerry is conducting diplomacy between the parties by “fantasy.” Though Diehl's column criticizes Obama for withdrawing from what Diehl considers a necessary cold war in the Middle East (with Saudi Arabia and Israel on the same side), he says that the two-state deal is going nowhere fast. And notice where the blame falls:
Virtually no one outside the State Department — including the nominal parties to the talks — takes seriously the possibility that Kerry's plan for a Geneva conference to settle the Syrian war can work in the foreseeable future, or that Israelis and Palestinians can agree on a two-state settlement. They play along with the process to please Washington, or Moscow, while complaining to journalists like me that Kerry's diplomacy is based on fantasy. Who can imagine Syrian President Bashar al-Assad placidly agreeing to step down? Or Netanyahu ceding East Jerusalem and the Jordan Valley to the Palestinians and their security forces?
Zvi Bar'el in Haaretz echoes Diehl, saying the Obama administration has made the determination to get out of the Middle East as much as it can, and forget about all the geopolitics of that region. Including a fruitless peace process. Notice that Bar'el also blames the Israelis for the failure.
Why does the Obama administration insist on continuing to deal with the Israel-Palestinian conflict, of all things, where its chances of succeeding are less than the odds of winning the lottery? It seems the answer has to do with the paradox that says failure is success. An administration that is concerned about its future is careful of getting into conflict with an Israeli government, and that is all the more true of a right-wing Israeli government. It must settle for a show of willingness and determination to move the process forward, but only the process. As far as the U.S. is concerned, the process is simple — it has no risk, no potential of military intervention, no strategic threat that could lead to a regional war. Even the tiniest amount of progress, such as dismantling an illegal outpost, releasing prisoners or relief measures for commerce, can be taken as a great accomplishment. For the far-right that is running Israel, the “reevaluation” of American foreign policy is good news. All it has to do is act as if it is a partner in the peace process, as if it is anxious for the welfare of the talks with the Palestinians, as if it accepts the two-state solution. This is the art of horse-thieving that Israel is skilled in, and that the U.S. is also familiar with. That is how friends operate.
Now here is that dialogue from the State Deparment yesterday:
At this time of year our thoughts turn towards giving and so I thought I would write today on the art of giving. What I am talking about here is generosity. This played a big part in Gautama Buddha's teachings, as it was mentioned on numerous occasions. In the Itivuttaka, a collection of 112 short discourses, he told us about the fruit of giving:
‘If beings knew, as I know, the fruit of sharing gifts, they would not enjoy their use without sharing them, nor would the taint of stinginess obsess the heart and stay there. Even if it were their last bite, their last morsel of food, they would not enjoy its use without sharing it, if there were anyone to receive it.'
So what are the fruits of being generous? I believe, for the giver, they help foster a clear conscience; help you build a good future; make you compassionate and a respected person within society. It also gives you a great feeling inside. A feeling of warmth, pleasure and satisfaction. Many people think we shouldn't receive anything in return for giving, but this is not being totally honest. If we give a gift to a child and they smile warmly at you, you are going to feel happy inside. If you take a sick person to hospital, they are going to be grateful and you will feel that you have done a good deed. So it is of course true we receive something from giving.
However, having said that, we shouldn't give just to receive these things. They should just be looked upon as a by-product and not the purpose for giving. In the Anguttara Nikaya it states five types of rewards of giving:
‘These are the five rewards of generosity: One is dear and appealing to people in society, one is admired by good people, one's good name is spread about, one does not stray from the rightful duties of the householder and at the time of death, one reappears in a good destination.'
One of the key things generosity does is stop us becoming miserly. It gives us temporary relief from the pain of selfishness and stops us getting totally wrapped up in ourselves. When we are miserly we worry day and night about our wealth and belongs. We go to great lengths to protect them. We can't sleep at night worrying if someone will break in and steal them. We grow to mistrust others and our mind is disturbed by all of the pressure of protecting our wealth. It seems the miser is so scared of losing his wealth he hordes it. In the Samyutta Nikaya, Gautama Buddha said:
‘What the miser fears, that keeps him from giving, is the very danger that comes when he doesn't give.'
How true is that? So a miser lives in fear of his wealth, but for what benefit? When we die we are not able to take anything with us, so isn't it nicer to give them away whist we are alive? I am not talking about giving everything away and living a life as a pauper. But there is only so much wealth and belongings we need or can use in this life.
If we do give, we have to be careful that our generosity stems from compassion and not from pride. Our intention and motivation is extremely important here. If you are giving just to get thanks or praise it isn't going to benefit you in the ways I mentioned above. Your conscience is not going to be clear; you will not become more compassionate, reduce your suffering and you certainly will not get respect from others. Giving something and expecting praise is not a very attractive trait.
Giving doesn't just mean material things. It could be a friendly smile or kind, encouraging words.
How does generosity help clear our conscience and reduce our suffering? Well, Gautama Buddha's teachings are mainly concerned with our state of mind and generosity is about having non-attachment to or craving for things. He stated in the four truths that our suffering stems from our craving and attachment to things, so without this craving and attachment our minds become clearer, happier and a little freer, which in turn means less suffering. In the Dana Sutra it states three mental factors of giving:
‘The donor, before giving, is glad; while giving, his/her mind is inspired; and after giving, is gratified.'
There are three different types of giving that Gautama Buddha mentioned. The first covers giving something away we no longer want. This doesn't ask too much of us, as we have already finished with the thing we are giving away. I am thinking of old clothes and books. It is a kind of recycling.
The second is giving away something that we would like to receive ourselves, such as new clothes, the latest mobile, book or CD. There is a lot of thoughtfulness and caring in this type of giving.
The third, and final, type is giving away something that is very dear to us, such as a painting we cherish or some personal jewellery. This type of giving shows that we are not attached and understand impermanence. Though it is the most difficult for us to engage in.
Giving doesn't just mean material things. It could be a friendly smile or kind, encouraging words. But whatever you are giving you have to ensure it doesn't conflict with the precepts or any other code of ethics.
Whatever type of giving you do this Christmas, do it with an open heart. Do not expect praise and thanks. Let the smile on the person's face be all the thanks you need.
On a personal note, I would like all of you to spare a thought for people who will be sad and alone at this time of year. If you know someone like that, go and see them or give them a call. Sometimes all people need is a bit of human interaction.
You can read more blogs, listen to podcasts, watch videos and practice guided meditations on the Buddhism Guide app. Available from the Apple Store and Google Play.
If you would like to become a supporter of Buddhism Guides work, such as podcasts, blogs, videos and guided meditation practices, please visit here. You can support for as little as $2 a month.
Big Finish has released the cover of the new Audiobook recording of Frankenstein and Whovians everywhere are grinning at the Pretty one, Arthur Darvill.
*In case it needed saying*
While we still have to wait until September for the actual release date of this Mary Shelley classic, Big Finish Audiobooks will be releasing two different versions of Frankenstein: the first is a Special Edition that will be going for CAN (Sorry, it didn't take me to any US website) $43.18 on CD or CAN $20 for digital, or a Limited Collector's Edition CD with two exclusive art cards signed by Arthur Darvill and Nicholas Briggs for CAN $60.45.
Here's what Big Finish has to say regarding the synopsis:
When the crew of the Oceanus rescued a man close to death, its captain could barely have guessed at the incredible story that man would come to share. This is the story of Victor Frankenstein: a man obsessed with discovering the secret of life and cheating death; a man who brings to life to a body built from corpses; and a man who rejects this would-be child…
Soon, Victor and his creature are entangled in a dangerous game of cat and mouse across Europe. But who is truly the monster?
Arthur Darvill stars in this gripping audiobook adaptation of Mary Shelley's chilling tale, dramatised by Jonathan Barnes.
Aside from Arthur Darvill and Nicholas Briggs, the cast also includes:
Geoffrey Beevers (Alphonse Frankenstein/DeLacey) (Whovian significance: The Master)
Alex Jordan (Captain Robert Walton)
Geoffrey Breton (Henry Clerval/Felix)
Lizzie Hopley (Giselle/Agatha/Lorna)
Stephen Fewell (Krempe/Judge/Kirwin)
Sarah Ovens (Justine/Female Creature)
Thanks to Kasterborous for the Doctor Who alumni shoutouts!
The homeowners on Pelham Drive in Lee County, Georgia, are frustrated by the sudden influx of new residents to their neighborhood: hundreds of vultures that appear on their street every morning and afternoon.
Chan Sellers told WALB that about 500 or 600 vultures appear every morning around 8:30. The birds, turkey and black vultures, stick around for a few hours before they go out hunting. They return in the afternoon.
"When I got out to work in the morning, they're right there on my roof, when I open my door, [it] scares the crap out of me," Ryan Williams told the station. Williams says he is afraid to let his 6-week-old puppy out into his yard for fear the vultures will "scoop him up."
So far, all attempts to shoo the birds away from the southwest Georgia community — including noisy shotgun blasts — have been useless. Hundreds of vultures live in south Georgia, but winter migration patterns tend to swell their numbers this time of year.
"I just think that, that many in one place has got to be a health hazard I would think," said Sellers. The residents have appealed to the Georgia Department of Natural Resources for help, but DNR's hands are tied. Both the turkey vulture (Cathartes aura) and the black vulture (Coragyps atratus) are federally protected by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, under which a permit is required to "trap, kill, relocate or otherwise handle a vulture or its eggs," according to a fact sheet on vulture damage from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Black vultures are the more aggressive of the two species, but the two species commonly flock together, with turkey vultures feeding on carrion left behind by black vultures. In fact, it's this cleanup characteristic — though distasteful — that gives these maligned birds a much-needed role in the ecosystem, according to DNR.
The fact sheet says that populations of both species are on the rise, resulting in an accumulation of feces and the possible contamination of public water supplies. Vultures resting on electrical transmission towers have caused power arcs and outages. Other damage — more closely associated with black vultures — includes tearing and consuming of asphalt, rubber, latex and leather products, such as roofing materials or car parts. Black vultures also can attack and eat young livestock.
According to the Turkey Vulture Society, feces from that species are not a threat because of the birds' strong digestive acids, which kills most bacteria. The group says vultures prefer to roost in large colonies in areas with lots of tree cover. The group's website suggests shaking trees or using noise, shiny objects, or common lawn sprinklers to discourage turkey vultures from roosting.
You can watch WALB's report on the turkey invasion below:
Hundreds of vultures invade Georgia neighborhood
As many as 600 black or turkey vultures come to a Lee County neighborhood every morning and afternoon.
Financial Times editor Robin Wigglesworth says he was recently accused of being a “Luddite” reporter who couldn't possibly understand the “digital magic” of bitcoin because he “shunned hard sciences for the girls at journalism school.”
That's what happens when you criticize bitcoin BTCUSD, -0.21% these days. Just ask J.P. Morgan's JPM, -0.76% Jamie Dimon, who got an earful last week.
Read: ‘Bitcoin is a bubble,' warns Ray Dalio.
And like many other bitcoin skeptics, Wigglesworth says it could go much higher — maybe even six figures — thanks to “human idiocy.”
‘There are many things that are inexplicably popular, like gold, cosplay, Justin Bieber or James Cameron's blue-tinted Dances with Wolves rip-off Avatar.' Robin Wigglesworth
In his newsletter, Wigglesworth explained bitcoin's volatility means it's a terrible means of exchange or store of value, a hallmark of any supposed currency.
“Its primary attraction has been its rocketing price,” he wrote. “But that has turned what might have had a kernel of value into a ‘trading sardine.'”
A trading sardine? Let famed investor Seth Klarman explain it.
“There is the old story about the market craze in sardine trading when the sardines disappeared from their traditional waters in Monterey, California. The commodity traders bid them up and the price of a can of sardines soared. One day a buyer decided to treat himself to an expensive meal and actually opened a can and started eating. He immediately became ill and told the seller the sardines were no good. The seller said, ‘You don't understand. These are not eating sardines, they are trading sardines.'”
A couple of years ago, a Bloomberg Politics Poll asked the public a good question about the deficit: “Is it your sense that this year the deficit is getting bigger or getting smaller, or is it staying about the same as last year?” It wasn't even close – despite the fact that the deficit, in reality, was shrinking quickly, only 6% of the public knew that. A 62% majority said they believed it was getting bigger, which was the opposite of the truth.
Two years later, Al Hunt flags the results of the new Bloomberg Politics Poll, which offers some good news and some bad news when it comes to the public's recognition of reality.
“A quick question about the deficit – which is the difference between what the federal government spends and what it takes in in taxes and other revenue each year. Over the last six years, do you think the deficit has been getting bigger or smaller?” Bigger: 73% Smaller: 21% Not sure: 6%
The wording of the question is slightly different than in early 2013 – this time, there was no option for those who believe the deficit is roughly the same size – but at least in this poll, the number of people who are correct has grown. So, too, is the percentage of Americans who are wrong.
Here is it is in chart form:
And here, in case anyone's forgotten, is reality:
At a certain level, it's probably tempting to ask, “So what?” Americans have no idea what's happening with the deficit, some will argue, but it really doesn't make a bit of difference. This was true during the Clinton era – and Clinton actually eliminated the deficit altogether – and it's true now.
To which I say, maybe. Whether or not Americans know and/or understand the basics of the fiscal argument may not have a practical impact on the debate itself, but the fact remains that voters are ultimately responsible for electing policymakers. If Americans believe, incorrectly, that the deficit is getting bigger, and they also consider this a bad thing, these same voters may be inclined to vote for candidates who'll slash public investments and undermine social-insurance programs. And that has real-world consequences.
For that matter, I also look at this as an example of how Republican arguments seep into the public consciousness, even when those arguments are demonstrably ridiculous. President Obama has overseen the fastest deficit reduction since World War II, but the public is convinced that the deficit is growing and Obama deserves the blame. Why would the public think that? Because Republican politicians and pundits have spent the last six years screaming about that rascally president burdening our grandchildren with out-of-control, trillion-dollar deficits. The Beltway is filled with Very Serious People who continue to characterize Obama as someone who's fiscally reckless, spending liberally without regard for the consequences, reality be damned.
Indeed, at a certain level, I don't entirely blame the public for being confused. From the typical person's perspective, the deficit must be growing – otherwise it wouldn't make any sense that the political world always seems to be making a fuss about the issue.
But the truth is, Republican apoplexy and reality are often out of sync. In fact, it's not just the deficit – the same Bloomberg Politics Poll asked respondents, “On immigration, do you think the Obama administration has sent more or fewer undocumented immigrants back to their home countries, compared to ten years ago?”
By a nearly two-to-one margin, a majority of Americans believe Obama has deported fewer undocumented immigrants. The truth is the exact opposite.
Rafael Nadal defeated Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in three sets, 6-7, 6-3, 6-4, as part of a relaxed joke and humour-filled match in Kazakhstan. WELCOME BACK, RAFA! 🙂
Rafael Nadal: “Every time when I come back after an injury I have an extra motivation. I'm set to work hard to gain my top form and to return to my level. I'm very happy to have an opportunity to play tennis — my favourite occupation.”
“I feel much better, I am in good shape. I am trying to forget the wrist. I am trying to get back into a rhythm but that takes time.”
“I will play in Beijing and Shanghai. My goal is to play and practice as much as possible and be ready for the end of the season.”
Photos: inform.kz, vesti.kz, kazpravda.kz
<![CDATA[As I mentioned in another blog post, during the offseason, the Winnipeg Jets wanted to sign Tucker Poolman to a professional contract. That didn't happen and Tucker returned to the University of North Dakota for another season. For now, the Jets will have to wait.
The junior from East Grand Forks, MN, has some unfinished business before he leaves North Dakota. First, Tucker is a good student and a two-time NCHC Academic All-Conference team. Poolman is also on track to graduate after three years of school. Then there was also a chance to play with his younger brother.
This past weekend, junior defenseman Tucker Poolman did his best Kirby Pucket impersonation, he took the team on his back led them to victory. On Saturday night, Poolman had a career night scoring two goals, two assists for a four-point night. I can predict with great confidence that the Winnipeg Jets will again make a big push to sign Poolman after the season is over. Last weekend's on-ice performance against the RedHawks had to turn some heads in Winnipeg.
The Poolman cleaning the pool, patio, and the house with this one. pic.twitter.com/0S8dXn6kKw — North Dakota MHockey (@UNDmhockey) March 5, 2017
The junior from East Grand Forks, MN, had a five-point weekend scoring two goals and three assists. Berry was impressed with the play of his junior defenseman, Poolman.
“He (Poolman) got called on to play a lot of hard, heavy minutes,” Berry said. “He's a big imposing figure out there and he can play the game anyway that you want, offensive, hard, physical. He's a leader back there for our group. I thought our whole backend played extremely well for the minutes that we played.”
As Pakistan's army battled religious extremists in South Waziristan, Karachi's top designers sent models down catwalks with bare shoulders and exposed navels in an unusual display of skin in a country where most women cover up.
Sonya Battla, the first designer to show, presented a collection that she said celebrated strong women. She dismissed the fact that in more conservative parts of the country, her designs might get women driven out of town or stoned to death.
"I'm a very brave woman," said the 38-year-old designer. "I'm not going to be scared and no one's going to judge me."
Taliban militants have killed more than 300 in the past month in a bloody campaign of bombings and assassinations. Attacks on markets, universities, the army general headquarters in Rawalpindi and police stations in Lahore show the Taliban can reach seemingly ever corner of the country.
"Life has to go on," said Samar Mehdi, 35, another young designer who studied fashion at Bristol University. "And this is a way to tell the people want our lives to stop that 'No, we won't let you.'"
The shows were held at the Marriott Hotel in Pakistan's financial capital under strict security. The event - originally scheduled for October - planned to introduce designers and models from abroad, but the fragile security situation has left organisers counting on local talent.
Disclaimer: This post may contain affiliate links. For more info, please see my privacy policy. Affiliate links may give me a commission on the product but it is of no extra cost to you.
Need to fix something up in a jiffy? This One Sheet Pan Chicken and Vegetables is so fast and easy to make, you'll have dinner in no time!
I'm home! I just finished up my little trip to Myrtle Beach and I'm home just in time for dinner. And by dinner I mean “hmmmmm, I'm tired, do I really want to do anything?” However, after a couple days of eating my body weight in seafood, breakfast buffets, and meat, I'm in need of something simple, delicious, and homemade.
Something… dare I say, with veggies? 😀 This one sheet pan chicken and vegetables dinner takes around 40-45 minutes from start to finish and once it's in the oven, it's done! So technically, you're only spending around 5 minutes making it then you're done!
With some onions, carrots, broccoli, garlic, and a few chicken thighs, you have dinner! For this one sheet pan chicken and vegetable dinner, all the equipment you really need is the sheet pan. This one sheet pan chicken and vegetables meal is also perfect as a meal prep as it packs really well!
One Sheet Chicken and Vegetables Need to fix something up in a jiffy? This One Sheet Chicken and Vegetables is so fast and easy to make, you'll have dinner in no time! 5 from 1 vote Print Prep Time: 5 minutes Cook Time: 40 minutes Total Time: 45 minutes Servings: 5 servings Author: Carmy Ingredients 1 onion chopped roughly
3 heads of broccoli
4 carrots chopped roughly
5 cloves garlic
8 chicken thighs seasoned with salt, pepper, and paprika
3 tbsp broth
2 tbsp olive oil Instructions Heat your oven up to 375F.
Once you've chopped up your vegetables and peeled your garlic, spread it evenly in a sheet pan. The drizzle some olive oil on top.
Arrange your chicken thighs (skin up, seasoned) onto the sheet pan evenly. Pour in a splash (or 3 tbsp) of chicken broth into the pan.
Place the sheet pan into the oven for around 40 minutes (more if you want crisper skin). Tried this recipe? Did you make this recipe? I'm always so happy to know when you make it! I'd love to see how it turned out! Tag @CarmysHungry or tag #HealthyIsAttainable on Instagram so I can see it! You can also email me at carmy(@)carmyy.com if you don't have Instagram ♥ Nutrition Calories: 370 kcal
Let's Chat: What do you make when you don't feel like cooking?
Want more simple sheet pan chicken recipes? Check these out!
pin me for later:
Other places to connect with me
Instagram: @runcarmyrun @curiouslychasing @carmyshungry
Twitter: https://twitter.com/runcarmyrun
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/carmyycom
Email: [email protected]
Vlogs/Recipe Videos: Youtube
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Tumblr
Justin Trudeau has called on the prime minister to use government advertising to promote the "life-saving benefits" of vaccines, and accused Conservatives of cutting funding to vaccination education since coming to power.
The Liberal leader made the charge during question period on Tuesday in the wake of more confirmed cases of measles in Ontario. Trudeau dedicated two of his three allotted questions to the topic — a strategy quickly mocked by an NDP MP on Twitter.
Trudeau charged that Prime Minister Stephen Harper cut funding to the Public Health Agency of Canada's immunization program by 23 per cent since 2006. The program educates Canadians about the benefits of vaccinations.
According to The Canadian Press, government documents confirm the program's funding was reduced, even as public skepticism about vaccinations grew during the 2009 swine flu outbreak.
"Will he stop his self-promoting, partisan government ads and invest instead, now, in a campaign that encourages parents to vaccinate their kids?" Trudeau asked of the prime minister.
Harper responded that Health Minister Rona Ambrose and other members of the government have been "very clear" that Canadians should seek vaccines against measles and other illnesses, saying they have historically proven "extremely effective" in reducing and eliminating ailments.
The prime minister added that the government will continue to make sure Canadians are aware of their health options but did not otherwise address Trudeau's swipe about partisan ads.
Then, in French, Trudeau referenced measles cases in Quebec and said the government was "failing in its duty" to inform parents about the importance of immunizing kids.
"Will the prime minister put an end to his useless partisan advertising and immediately begin promoting vaccinations for children?" Trudeau asked again.
Harper responded in much the same way as before but added that when it comes to advertising, "we have the responsibility of promoting our programs to the Canadian public and will continue to do so."
NDP MP Craig Scott quickly took to Twitter to make clear he was less than impressed by the Liberal leader's line of questioning.
Trudeau has 3 questions. He uses one for ...measles. He uses another as an identical question in French. Wow. — Craig Scott (@CraigScottNDP) February 17, 2015
NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair's questions to Harper Tuesday focused largely on the government's new anti-terror legislation and the cost of Canada's mission in Iraq.
Last week, Ambrose told reporters in Vancouver that it is "really irresponsible" of parents not to inoculate kids against infectious diseases and blasted a debunked study linking vaccines to autism.
"If you don't immunize your child and you send them to school potentially ill or exposed another child who may be more vulnerable than your own is at even a greater risk and that's what concerns me the most," the health minister said.
And the prime minister has publicly said much the same thing in the past.
In an interview alongside Melinda Gates last spring during the maternal health summit in Toronto, Harper told CBC News that he finds it hard not to get "very emotional" about vaccinations.
"I frankly don't understand people who are walking away in our society from something that's proven to work," he said.
Harper added that vaccinating kids is the responsible thing for loving parents to do.
"Don't indulge your theories, think of your children and listen to the experts," he said.
Trudeau's references Tuesday to "partisan" government ads is likely related to the fact that Health Canada spent more than $7 million on a 10-week campaign late last year warning about the health dangers of marijuana and prescription drugs.
The taxpayer-funded TV and internet ads ran at the same time as Conservative radio ads hammering Trudeau's plan to legalize marijuana. According to The Canadian Press, the money Health Canada spent on the pot campaign was more than it spent promoting all its services and programs in the previous 2013-14 fiscal year.
With files from The Canadian Press
RELATED ON HUFFPOST:
Photo gallery Measles In Canada See Gallery Trudeau To Harper: Promote Vaccinations, Not Yourself 1 / 20
Measles In Canada 1 / 20
Like Us On Facebook
Popular busty idol and Nitroplus mascot Sonico has received plenty of screens and trailers in anticipation of her new gravure photoshoot game “Motto Sonicomi,” a PS3-exclusive remake of her previous game in which players are tasked with lens-probing her treacherous curves in yet greater detail.
The game will allows fans to behold their beloved Sonico from various (and most likely depraved) angles – and with the game set to be released March 20th, fans need not wait long to assume their dream occupation.
The debut trailer:
Sexy gameplay previews:
Screenshots of sensuous Sonico's PS3 prancing:
Those willing to fork out extra for the limited edition can expect a bundle of additional Sonico goodies, including a download code for yet another bikini outfit, a doubled sided pillow cover and a Chibi KyunChara figure in Sonico's likeness:
Those that pre-order will receive the additional benefit of yet another downloadable costume, this one designed by renowned Nitroplus artist Santa Tsuji (hopefully looking better in game than it does here):
By Miguel Rivera
Negotiations are ongoing for Felix 'Diamante' Verdejo's anticipated title fight, which if finalized will take place in the coming months.
Verdejo's promoter, Bob Arum of Top Rank, revealed that he is in talks with his counterpart Frank Warren to finalize a deal where the Puerto Rican pugilist will challenge Terry 'Turbo' Flanagan, the current World Boxing Organization (WBO) champion at lightweight.
"I've talked to Warren and we'll continue to talk," Arum said yesterday to Carlos Gonzalez from his office in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Verdejo occupies the top spot in the WBO lightweight division and, in turn, is Flanagan's mandatory challenger (33-0, 13 KO's).
Flanagan retained the title last month when he won a twelve round unanimous decision over Petr Petrov, who at the time was sitting in the number two position in the lightweight rankings.
"The fight will happen during the summer or at the latest September. It is what we are discussing," Flanagan said.
Arum also pointed out that Verdejo will move to Big Bear, California, to train under the tutelage of Abel Sánchez, the current head coach of the middleweight king Gennady Golovkin and several others. Ricky Marquez is still in place as the head trainer of Verdejo, Arum noted.
"It is necessary that Verdejo is in great physical condition to have a great performance. Ricky recognizes that it is important for Felix to train outside of Puerto Rico and that is what we will do," said Arum.
There is still no clear picture regarding the venue of the match.
"It's something we're still negotiating," Arum said.
In his last match, Verdejo (23-0, 15 KO) overcame Oliver Flores by a unanimous decision at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum. During that fight, Verdejo had a lot of trouble and struggled in the later rounds of the fight, and that caused concern for Marquez and Arum.
As secure as rock, paper, scissors at once – Art of Defence, Demo at DEFCON
Category : crypto , enigmabridge , UCL
print
A team of great people from the Security Group at UCL and our start-up Enigma Bridge designed and implemented a practical security system tolerant to severe attacks compromising all parts of the supply chain. We will present and demonstrate it at DEFCON in Las Vegas.
A common security wisdom says that your system is as secure as its weakest link. Unlike random bugs and errors in information systems, malicious attackers will carefully choose the weakest point so that they attack cause maximum damage or maximize their bounty.
We challenge that by showing how to build high-security systems from untrusted components, including hardware chips. Our approach is simple. We just make sure the bad guys have to show rock, paper, and scissors all at the same time.
The talk title: Trojan-tolerant Hardware & Supply Chain Security in Practice.
The current consensus within the security industry is that high-assurance systems cannot tolerate the presence of compromised hardware components. In this talk, we challenge this perception and demonstrate how trusted, high-assurance hardware can be built from untrusted and potentially malicious components.
The majority of IC vendors outsource the fabrication of their designs to facilities overseas, and rely on post-fabrication tests to weed out deficient chips. However, such tests are not effective against: 1) subtle unintentional errors (e.g., malfunctioning RNGs) and 2) malicious circuitry (e.g., stealthy Hardware Trojans). Such errors are very hard to detect and require constant upgrades of expensive forensics equipment, which contradicts the motives of fabrication outsourcing.
In this session, we introduce a high-level architecture that can tolerate multiple, malicious hardware components, and outline a new approach in hardware compromises risk management. We first demo our backdoor-tolerant Hardware Security Module built from low-cost commercial off-the-shelf components, benchmark its performance, and delve into its internals. We then explain the importance of “component diversification” and “non-overlapping supply chains”, and finally discuss how “mutual distrust” can be exploited to further reduce the capabilities of the adversaries.
@henrylaufp (RESPONSE TO ARTICLE) Thanks for all ur concern everyone. Jus like to say…no one knew that the incident a few years ago would happen…not even my label… It is nobody's fault. I totally understand the hearts of ALL the fans and what you thought then..or now. However, I'm very thankful for everything that has happened till now. It has taught me not to simply take everything I have right now for granted. There are those who rise up so quickly they forget and simply take in all this love/support/fame they're getting for granted. I've learned to appreciate each and everyone out there who supports me in any way…every applause/every scream. I've learned to 'earn' it instead of having it handed to me. That's why I can't jus walk passed a fan like its nuthin...nuh uh
During these years after my debut, it is true I haven't been promoting much. Many might think its a bad thing but to me…it is actually the best thing for me. I have used this time to learn new instruments, languages, music production, vid editing, etc, and even had the time to attend the school of my dreams. A lot of artists out there especially in the kpop scene are so busy promoting that they cannot have time to do anything. I'm so thankful that I have this 'extra' time because I honestly don't consider myself good at anything yet. This time has given me a chance to improve and prepare myself for the day when I will need it all. My dream is not to simply appear on tv and promote and be 'famous' but I want to become somebody who all of you can truly look up to and respect as an artist in all areas. SM has given me the opportunity to do all this, and for that I am forever thankful. I'd like to thank you all for your concern and I promise I will continue to work harder and harder. You Strings are awesome. Just stay with me a little longer. :) :)
Reply · Report Post
Ride-sharing startup Lyft continues to grow, adding new markets where users can hail a ride via their mobile phones and have a mustachioed car pick them up. With the launch of service in Indianapolis, St. Paul and Atlanta, the company now has operations in 10 markets nationwide.
Today marks the first time that Lyft has announced service in more than one city, launching in three at once just ahead of the Labor Day Holiday weekend. As is its habit with new launches, the startup will have a “Mustache Parade” — whatever that is — in Indianapolis today at 11:30. And the service will be available in Atlanta and St. Paul beginning this morning for “friends and family” with full service launching Friday.
For Lyft, the launch expands it into a few smaller cities, but that's by design — after adding service in tightly packed metropolitan areas like San Francisco, as well as some very large and sprawling cities like Los Angeles, the company wants to see what traffic patterns and logistics look like in less packed-in, less sprawling urban areas. The Midwest in particular is interesting to Lyft, as Chicago had been its fastest-growing new market to date.
At the same time that Lyft is launching in new cities, it's also having its second Community Meeting, in which it gathers together drivers and passengers to rally support in one of its local markets. This time, the meeting is in Seattle in advance of a local city council meeting that will address peer-to-peer transportation next week. Seattle has been one of the markets that has been friendliest to ride-sharing startups, but these things are never a slam-dunk.
In California, Lyft, SideCar, and Uber received cease and desist notices from the local Public Utilities Commission last year, and it took some time for those companies to get the regulator to come around. But the PUC here has issued proposed regulations that could legitimize peer-to-peer transportation services in the state. If they are passed, those companies hope to take them to other jurisdictions as an example of a new regulatory framework for their services.
While Lyft has grown a lot over the past year since it officially launched in San Francisco, it's still playing catch-up to Uber, which just raised $258 million in funding from Google Ventures and TPG. Uber also continues to launch in new cities, soft-launching in Dubai, Cape Town, and Bangalore this week alone. It now has service in more than 40 cities worldwide.
But Lyft hopes to expand quickly, as well. It has raised more than $75 million from Andreessen Horowitz and Founders Fund over the last nine months, and also added to its war chest, thanks to the acquisition of its legacy Zimride business by Enterprise Holdings. The company now has more than 100 employees, most of whom operate out of its headquarters in San Francisco.
“Today's vote gave a clear signal to the European Commission. This proposal could turn on its head what has been achieved with the single market and the customs union”, said rapporteur Giovanni La Via (EPP, IT), whose recommendation to reject the proposal was approved by 577 votes to 75, with 38 abstentions.
“Over the last few months, serious concerns have been expressed about the lack of any impact assessment, the proposal's compatibility with the single market, and also whether it is actually feasible. There was no evaluation of the potential consequences or of other available options”, he added.
“I believe that this proposal could have negative consequences for agriculture in the EU, which is heavily dependent on protein supplies from GMO sources. It could also have indirect negative effects on imports. Finally, there are concerns over whether this proposal could even be implemented, because there are no border controls in the EU”, he concluded.
The proposal, which would amend existing EU legislation to enable member states to restrict or prohibit the use of EU-approved genetically modified food and feed on their territory, was tabled by the EU Commission on 22 April 2015.
The Commission suggested that this proposal should be modelled on another EU law, on GMOs intended for cultivation, which entered into force in early April 2015. This allows member states to ban the cultivation of EU-approved GMOs on their territory.
But whereas cultivation necessarily takes place on a member state's territory, GMO trade crosses borders, which means that a national “sales and use” ban could be difficult or impossible to enforce without reintroducing border checks on imports.
Next steps
European Commissioner for Health and Food safety Vytenis Andriukaitis has said that the European Commission will not withdraw the legislative proposal, which will be discussed by EU ministers.
Procedure: Co-decision, 1st reading
VIENNA (Reuters) - The euro's EUR= recent fall is bolstering the euro zone economy and this should show up in stronger growth next year, European Central Bank Governing Council member Ewald Nowotny said in a magazine interview.
European Central Bank (ECB) Governing Council member Ewald Nowotny addresses a news conference in Vienna June 6, 2014. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
Nowotny told Austria's Format magazine that it was questionable, however, whether economic growth rates would ever return to the levels of 3 and 4 percent seen before the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy that triggered the global financial crisis.
“The economy in the euro area is not yet in deflation but it is showing clear signs of weakening,” Nowotny said in the interview released on Thursday. But he also noted the positive effect of a weakening currency.
“The current euro exchange rate is having an invigorating effect on the European economy. Hence, we can expect higher growth rates again in 2015,” he added.
Turning to the ECB's plans to buy rebundled loans, known as asset-backed securities (ABS), Nowotny said he did not believe these purchases - due to begin in the fourth quarter - would begin before December.
Stressing that ABS is “not per se junk paper”, or non-investment-grade debt, he said: “I am not in principle against ABS, but its quality is more important than the quantity.”
“One should therefore not commit to a particular volume of ABS purchases from the outset.”
ECB President Mario Draghi has said the ABS purchases, together with the bank's plans to buy covered bonds and its issuance of new long-term loans to banks, should have a “significant” impact on the ECB's balance sheet and steer it back toward the size it had in early 2012.
The balance sheet, which now stands at around 2 trillion euros, briefly topped 3 trillion euros in early 2012.
Nowotny said the ECB should avoid quantitative targets.
“I don't want to speculate about figures,” he said when asked about the size of the ECB's purchase program.
“In the markets, there have certainly been exaggerated ideas about the purchase volumes,” he added. “The ECB should not be driven by the markets and should not get involved with quantitative targets.”
The ECB's plans have drawn criticism from German officials including the head of the Bundesbank, the ECB's former chief economist and allies of Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Nowotny dismissed media reports of the ECB becoming a ‘bad bank' due to the ABS purchases: “the ‘bad bank' debate is only taking place in Germany and is excessive. It is scaremongering without foundation.”
Surveillance footage from inside a Seattle cafe shows the shooting suspect, left KIRO
(CBS/AP/KIRO) SEATTLE - The man who police say shot and killed four people in a Seattle arts cafe, then killed a woman during a carjacking, ended his spree by shooting himself.
As officers closed in during a widespread manhunt on Wednesday, the suspect put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger. He died at a hospital, a hospital spokeswoman said.
Police did not publicly name the suspect in the shootings, but the Seattle Times identified him as Ian Lee Stawicki, 40, of Seattle, citing unidentified law enforcement sources.
Andrew Stawicki, his brother, of Ellensburg, told the Times he recognized a photo shown on TV newscasts of the alleged gunman as his brother Ian. Andrew Stawicki said Ian Stawicki was mentally ill.
"It's no surprise to me this happened," he told the newspaper. "We could see this coming. Nothing good is going to come with that much anger inside of you."
Neighbors told CBS affiliate KIRO that the suspect had been known to people in the area and one person said he seemed "a bit off." She said the man had argued with people inside the cafe before, possibly with some of the victims who were shot Wednesday.
Seattle police still have not commented on a potential motive in the shooting.
A phone number for Andrew Stawicki rang busy when The Associated Press tried to reach him for comment.
Gunfire erupted about 11 a.m. at Cafe Racer, a restaurant and music venue north of the University of Washington.
Two men died at the cafe and a third man and a woman from the cafe died at a hospital.
Police said it appeared the gunman fled to the First Hill neighborhood near downtown. This is where he fatally shot a woman in a parking lot and stole her SUV.
He then drove the SUV to West Seattle and ditched it, leaving a gun in the car. After officers found the vehicle, they flooded that area with uniformed and plainclothes officers.
A detective spotted the suspect later and called for backup and a SWAT team, Assistant Police Chief Jim Pugel said. As those officers arrived, the man shot himself, he said.
The five victims brought the number of homicides in Seattle so far this year to 21, matching the total for all of last year. This trend has left city leaders wondering what could be done to stop the bloodshed.
In the last month, there had already been two random killings. A man died last week when he was hit by a stray bullet as he drove and a woman was killed in a drive-by shooting in late April. No arrests have been made.
A King County medical examiner's spokeswoman said her office might be able to release the dead victims' identifications Thursday.
One man wounded in the cafe shooting was reported in critical but stable condition at Harborview Medical Center following surgery. Hospital spokeswoman Susan Gregg confirmed his name as Leonard Meuse. Meuse's father, Raymond Meuse, told the Times his son was shot in the jaw and armpit but was expected to survive.
On a corner across from the cafe, friends of the victims gathered by the ivy-covered wall of an apartment building. Some collapsed in grief. The cafe's owner hugged them and commiserated.
In other recent violence to hit Seattle, a bystander was wounded near the Space Needle Saturday when he was struck by a bullet that police say was fired by a gang member involved in a dispute with another man. Later that night, about 60 shots were fired in drive-by shootings at four houses. No one was hit.
Besides a plan to increase the number of officers on patrol in high-crime areas, police are urging people with information about shootings to come forward. They also said Seattle residents could expect an increased police presence in the near future.
City councilman Bruce Harrell said leaders needed to consider everything - from changing laws to addressing the culture of violence.
"If we are to be honest, there's no easy fix," he said.
More on Crimesider
May 30, 2012: Seattle Shooting: Gunman kills two people and injures three others, cops say
May 30, 2012: Seattle shooting update: Cafe gunfire kills two, shooter still on the loose, cops say
The other day I received an email about a new site (gplclub.org/club) that was offering over $2500 worth of premium WordPress themes, plugins and WooCommerce extensions.
For $25.
Then, two nights later, at our San Diego WordPress meetup, someone else stayed late to ask me about sites like these. Are they legal? What's the hook? How do these work?
My answer was pretty simple:
It's easy to start a company and hard to build a business.
Easy to Start a Company
Starting an online company requires 3 steps. First you have to pick a name. Then you need to get a domain name and set up a web site. Lastly, you have to set up a way to take people's money.
If you've done these steps before, you know that you can accomplish every one of them without talking to a human, and do it from 2-3 am any night of the week. It's seriously that easy.
Hard to Build a Business
Building a business is a bit different. Most importantly, while starting one can take less than an hour, building a business will take considerably longer. Weeks, months and years are often involved.
At minimum, you'll need a strong value proposition and the right pricing. But there's more.
Strong Value Proposition
You need a strong value proposition that makes sense to people. In other words, you need to scratch and itch that many people have—not just you.
Right Price
Pricing is tough. Most people get it wrong and only narrow in on what's right after several rounds of trial and error. Too low and people don't pull the trigger (suspecting something's up). Too high and people don't pull the trigger (because they can't afford it or don't value it that much).
A Reason to Return
Assuming that you're not building a business that requires only a one-time purchase by customers, you'll also want a reason for people to spend more with you.
In other words, the business you build assumes I'll come back again and that I'll tell others, who will also come back again.
A Word About GPL
When companies like the GPL Club pop up, people right away call it out as wrong, unethical, or illegal. It's not true. What they're doing is legal. Completely.
I don't think it's good for business, but I'll get back to that in a minute.
GPL is about many things, but one thing it's about is distribution. It's designed to ensure that the code licensed under it is available to others without restriction. So when a company releases software under a GPL license (regardless of whether they're doing it for free or for a fee), they do so knowing someone else could distribute their software.
When someone buys a WooThemes extension for WooCommerce, nothing stops them from putting it on their site and selling it (for more or less) or giving it away. GPL ensures distribution is possible and legal.
Other People's Code
So is it fine to give away other people's code? Under GPL it is. And if you want to sell it cheaper in a bundle, go for it.
Here's why it doesn't worry me:
The customers you get from those sales are the ones who want something for nothing. That's what they're saying as they purchase bundles at the GPL Club, and other sites like it.
Guess what?
Clients who want something for nothing is not a target market you want. Ever. It's not good business. So let GPL Club do their thing and keep those customers.
It's likely, when those customers realize they can't get any support for those products, that they'll not buy from them again. And that's why we don't see companies build sustainable businesses.
Building a business is hard. Customers who want lots for free are still going to have problems, still want support, and will likely want it cheap. I rather leave that segment to sites like GPL Club.
Here's another reason it doesn't worry me:
Real customers, the ones I want, want more than the code sold by these companies. They want to have their questions answered.
When sites like GPL Club (which at least tells you they don't provide support) promise community forums in the future, who exactly is going to add the value in those forums?
The reason those sites don't worry me is because we, as a community, provide much of the content, in the forms of articles, how-to's, reviews, top ten lists, and answers in support forums. When we don't feed sites like those with our help, those forums just fill with questions.
No answers.
And that's not a reason to keep coming back.
If you look at the support you get from WooThemes, StudioPress, Gravity Forms, and many others like it, it's easy to tell the originals from the impostors.
It's easy to tell who is serious about building a business and who isn't. The latter just want to start a company and reap some quick rewards.
Like I said, starting a company is easy. It's building a business that's hard.
Chris Lema is the VP of Software Engineering at Emphasys Software, where he manages high performers and oversees product development and innovation. He's also a blogger, ebook author and runs a WordPress meetup in North County San Diego. His coaching focuses on helping WordPress businesses, or businesses wanting to leverage WordPress.
I can't claim to have foreseen the rise of Donald Trump, much less the fact that he would prevail, but in 2011, I published an article in Vanity Fair, titled “Of the 1%, by the 1%, for the 1%,” that warned of conditions already existing, and steadily becoming worse, which were unjust in themselves and could easily lead to political instability. The article described the growth of inequality in America and argued that—leaving basic morality aside, as some are perfectly happy to do—it was in the interests of the people at the top of the wealth pyramid to create a more egalitarian society.
Since then, matters have only gotten worse. A study last year by Anne Case and Angus Deaton, published by the National Academy of Sciences, highlighted the sense of despair in America, where life expectancy is actually on the decline for segments of the population on account of suicide, drug addiction, alcoholism, and obesity. The so-called recovery from the 2008 recession has, in fact, exacerbated the situation—91 percent of the gains in the first three years went to the wealthiest 1 percent of the population. The evident satisfaction with how things have been going, voiced by the Obama administration, clashed with the everyday experiences of 99 percent of the country. At the same time, the administration was funneling billions to the banks that had caused the financial crisis and the recession. (Top officials were very close to the bankers.) Meanwhile, only a pittance was given to beleaguered homeowners. I remember clearly, during the first conference call organized by candidate Barack Obama to formulate the Democratic response to the collapse of Lehman Brothers, in September 2008, I emphasized the importance of helping those who were losing their jobs and homes. The overwhelming sentiment of the group, dominated by bankers, was that my comments were a distraction from the task at hand.
The system was unfair—“rigged,” to use Trump's term (though he was talking about something else). And it was a situation waiting to be exploited. Obama's defense that he had to save the banks in order to save the economy doesn't capture the totality of what, in fact, happened. Obama had to save the banks, sure, but he didn't have to save the bankers and the shareholders and the bondholders. We broke the rules of capitalism in order to save those at the top—as we always do.
And then there was the matter of basic trust: the Obama administration had promised to do something about the direction in which America was going. The campaign motto was, “Change you can believe in.” There was certainly some of that sort of change in a number of areas, notably the environment, but there was none of it in key economic arenas—only more of the same. There is always a state of tension between stability and change. The year 2008 was one in which significant change might have occurred. But Obama voted for stability, with America's economic policy guided by Ben Bernanke, Tim Geithner, and Larry Summers.
The latter two were from the Rubinite wing of the Democratic Party. Summers had been trained under Martin Feldstein, chair of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Reagan, and had served on his staff. Geithner had been Summers's acolyte. He had been head of the New York Fed as the problems that eventually led to the financial crisis festered with hardly a peep from him that something was wrong. This was hardly a team to inspire trust that the administration would undertake policies that were good for all of America—and that proved correct.
There was one more element contributing to the lack of trust. What these elites had promised earlier had not come to pass. Globalization and trade liberalization were supposed to make us all better off through the mechanism of trickle-down economics. What we seemed to be seeing instead was trickle-up economics, accompanied by a destruction of democratic politics, as we moved ever closer to a system of “one dollar, one vote” as opposed to “one person, one vote.”
This trilogy—(a) inequality, arising from (b) an unfair system, with a government (c) that pretended to be the defender of ordinary individuals but was just the opposite—provided the perfect conditions for the emergence of a Donald Trump. They were the same conditions, after all, that had accounted for the emergence in Italy, of Silvio Berlusconi.
VIDEO: America Protests Donald Trump
OAKLAND, Calif. -- Common and commercial sense say San Jose should take the A's, set them up in a sweet little park downtown and let the techie hordes gather for micro-brews and concession-stand sushi. The move from Oakland would be better for the sport of baseball, upgrading a franchise from the 47th-largest city in the country to the 10th. The's would undoubtedly have a payroll that allowed them to hold on to young stars beyond the arrival of their wisdom teeth.
There's one problem with the plan. It just feels wrong. There's something indecent about a rich city, which grew to be No. 10 in the country through voracious annexation of bedroom communities, suing to take a team from a poorer one.
Technically, the San Jose lawsuit is about MLB's monopolistic practices and the ability of the San Francisco Giants, a team 45 miles removed, to control the city's access to a franchise. San Jose mayor Chuck Reed argues that his city has never been given a chance to compete for a franchise, even though the current owners of the A's want to be in San Jose. MLB, he believes, is allowing the Giants to strangle San Jose's economic development. (Note: Sports on Earth is co-owned by MLB Advanced Media.)
I can't dispute the logic of Reed's view, except to say that on the scale of injustices inflicted by pro sports' monopolies, the draft's power to dictate where a young man will live for the first six years of his professional life ranks quite a bit higher. Plus, the A's owners' desire to move to San Jose seems most pertinent in this conflict, and they have not dared join the lawsuit. This appears to be just as much about the 30-team limit as San Jose's designs on the A's.
For many years, I considered myself fairly agnostic on the fight to move the A's south. I saw both sides pretty equally and while I sided with Oakland sentimentally, I recognized that San Jose represented a stronger market and had leaders considerably more prepared to accommodate the franchise's needs.
But over the last year, Oakland rallied and took the lead. This winter, the city's first Athletic Hall of Fame was born. The list of the inducted served as a reminder of Oakland's rich tradition of great athletes, especially African-Americans, whose retreat from baseball has been mourned by leaders of the game.
There are names such as Rickey Henderson, Frank Robinson, Joe Morgan and Curt Flood; Bill Russell, Gary Payton and Jim Hines, the first sprinter to go under 10 seconds in the 100 meters. The city also produced Vada Pinson as well as Jason Kidd, who lived in Oakland but went to the school at St. Joseph's in neighboring Alameda. Jimmy Rollins, the 2007 NL MVP, hails from Alameda, and CC Sabathia, the only African-American pitcher to win a Cy Young Award in the last 25 years, comes from Vallejo, a northern East Bay city whose residents would find trekking to San Jose for big-league baseball intolerable. San Jose is very ethnically diverse, but the last census showed an African-American population of only 3.2 percent, with the county, Santa Clara, at three percent. In Oakland, the number is 28 percent and for Alameda County, 13 percent.
Last summer I marveled at the Coliseum atmosphere as the A's reached the playoffs with a grossly underestimated roster. The stadium came to life in ways I had never seen before, not even in 2002, when Oakland won a record 20 straight games and the Raiders went to the Super Bowl. (I was not around for the Bash Brothers years.)
In fact, the energy of the Coliseum for the final two weeks of last season ranks as the most exhilarating thing I've witnessed in 18 years as a Bay Area resident and sportswriter. It beat San Francisco's magnificent first World Series parade, Stanford women's basketball extinguishing UConn's record winning streak, a riveting playoff between Tiger Woods and John Daly at Harding Park in 2005 and the 49ers' comeback against the Saints in the divisional playoffs less than 10 months earlier. It was completely unexpected, a bigger upset than even the team's division title.
With every "Let's Go, Oakland'' (never A's) chant, the smitten audience at the Coliseum sounded as if it were fighting for its life, and blithely flipping off anyone, including the team owners, who considered the city incapable of supporting a franchise. If these people could summon this much passion at the Mausoleum, how would they enliven an intimate park built strictly for baseball and sitting in a genuinely urban location, instead of off a desolate freeway exit?
Related Articles Baseball's Most Entertaining Fans Who need seats behind home plate when you can liven the atmosphere of a stadium from the right-field bleachers?… More»
A Tale of Two Ballparks AT&T Park in San Francisco and O.co Coliseum in Oakland couldn't be more different in terms of aesthetics,… More»
Rotten in the State of California A plumbing failure in the O.co Coliseum recently created havoc in the Oakland A's clubhouse. But it couldn't… More» Oakland has never really had a chance to prove itself as a baseball town. In the A's 45 years here, they have always played at the Coliseum, which was built for football. When converted for baseball, the dimensions are mood-killers. The gulf between the paying fans and the action defies every modern principle of ballpark appeal.
The location, except for its access to a BART station, is appalling, an asphalt wasteland. If San Jose targeted a comparable outskirt for its proposed park, the idea would gain zero traction with either the team or MLB. The best new ballparks aspire to be the next Wrigley or Fenway, an urban hub.
Holding Oakland and East Bay baseball fandom responsible for the failures of the Coliseum makes as much sense as saying San Francisco had no love for the game until 13 years ago. The current devout following didn't appear spontaneously. It arrived with the Giants' departure from the secluded wind tunnel on Candlestick Point. They moved into a redeveloping corner of downtown, generating more development.
It's tantalizing to wonder whether a new ballpark could help Oakland, currently undergoing a tentative renaissance, flourish in the same way. Last year, Don Knauss, the CEO of Oakland-based Clorox, appeared at a press conference with public officials and explained how, as CEO of Minute Maid, he had witnessed the revitalization of downtown Houston with the construction of its new ballpark. He wants the same opportunity for Oakland and has called on the A's owners, John Fisher and Lew Wolff, to work with the city and its business community or sell the team.
Some of this pitch sounds like last-minute grandstanding, although given how long MLB has dithered in its contemplation of the A's predicament, who knows what "last-minute" means? Practically speaking, the current suggestions for an Oakland ballpark appear seriously flawed. Mayor Jean Quan has proposed rebuilding on the same site with some retail and hotels added to create "Coliseum City.'' The idea sounds equally unpalatable and unreasonable.
Another favored option, at the waterfront near Jack London Square, faces one immovable obstacle -- an intimidating freeway overpass dividing the area from downtown and the best transit -- and a more surmountable barrier. The loss of redevelopment money from the state killed the idea, according to city and county officials, although one never knows when it might rise again.
If MLB applied its financial heft and influence to the problem, Oakland might become a viable baseball town. It's a risk, especially compared to San Jose, but at some point the commissioner's office will have to tell one of its squabbling children "No.''
So far, Bud Selig has not mustered the guts (or the 75 percent vote from the owners) to take away part of the Giants' vast toy box, as the San Jose lawsuit demands. For all we know, MLB welcomes the court action because the other owners can now shrug their shoulders at Giants CEO Larry Baer and say: "It's either you surrendering the territorial rights or all of us possibly losing our antitrust exemption. We can't stand by you anymore. Give it up, buddy."
Selig can also tell the A's owners to stop dreaming of San Jose and -- backed by as much power as MLB can offer -- negotiate seriously with Oakland leaders or take Knauss up on his promise that an unnamed new ownership group awaits the chance to buy the team. If the battle went this way, MLB might need to throw in some cash toward ballpark financing, to offset the gamble of Oakland and its dearth of corporate riches compared with San Jose. The idea of subsidizing a ballpark for a competitor would probably disgust other owners, even if it might cut off the revenue-sharing spigot for the A's, and it's delusional to think they'd do it .
But I admit this is all largely fantasy, built on emotion, which happens to be the same substance that keeps sports teams in business.
What I Remember:
Not a lot, somehow I managed to purchase part five of a six-part series, which means I came in very, very late to our story.
I did a little research into the “Fall From Grace” arc and learned that it coincided with Frank Miller's return to Daredevil in the Daredevil: The Man Without Fear, this being the lesser promoted of the two. Also, since the 90's were all about mutants, Daredevil was not a hot property like he is whenever Miller works on the book or since the Marvel Knights line.
Nonetheless, this book served as my intro to Hell's Kitchen and Daredevil.
This book features a new Daredevil costume because it's the 90's. He's also at war with ninjas.
Vital Stats: Daredevil #324
Writer: DH Chichester
Penciler: Scott McDaniel
Inkers: Collazo and Avon
Colorist: Pat Garrahy
Letterer: Bill Oakley
Publisher:Marvel Comics
Publication Date:January 1994
Cover Price $1.25
Re-Collection Price:This is my original copy from 1994.
What Happens?
Lots. Unlike other multi-part stories that I reviewed this doesn't get into recapping previous chapters, instead we begin with a recap of Matt and Elektra's relationship. You know the story, lovers, friends, enemies, her death and her body falling into the clutches of The Hand. Best part of this recap is that it provided me with my first comics sex panel, which was amazing at the tender age of 10.
Employer fined $12,000 in window washer's 11-story fall
A 2002 Toyota Camry is crushed after a window washer fell 11 stories onto its roof at Montgomery and California streets in San Francisco last November. A 2002 Toyota Camry is crushed after a window washer fell 11 stories onto its roof at Montgomery and California streets in San Francisco last November. Photo: Jessica Christian / Jessica Christian / The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Jessica Christian / Jessica Christian / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Employers fined $12,000 in window washer's 11-story fall 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
The company who employed a window washer who miraculously survived an 11-story fall from a San Francisco office building last year was hit with five citations and more than $12,000 in fines for violations related to the accident, officials announced Wednesday.
Century Window Washing of Concord was cited for “failure to secure the roof with fall protection equipment and inadequate training on the proper use of the victim's personal fall protection equipment,” officials wrote in a statement, both serious violations of workplace safety regulations.
Pedro Perez, 58, was moving an extension cord around the corner of the building at 400 Montgomery St. around 10 a.m. Nov. 21 when he disconnected the lanyard on his fall protection equipment from an anchor point as he moved toward the edge of the roof.
Perez lost his balance and tumbled over the edge, falling roughly 130 feet before landing on the roof of a passing Toyota Camry on the street below.
“At first all I saw was, out of the corner of my eye, a blue streak falling,” said retired Army Col. Sam Hartwell, a banker who witnessed the fall. “Then I heard that loud crash, the shattering glass and a thud. It wasn't until the man rolled over onto the pavement and landed on his back that I realized it was a person.”
Passersby rushed to his aid, and he was taken to San Francisco General Hospital, where doctors diagnosed him with serious brain trauma, a shattered pelvis and a broken arm.
The driver of the car, Mohammad Alcozai of Dublin, got out almost immediately after the impact. The victim hit the roof and back window of the 2002 four-door Camry, totaling the car. A split-second difference in timing and the worker might have landed on the windshield, with potentially terrible consequences for Alcozai.
“It was a miracle,” Alcozai told The Chronicle the day of the accident.
“While it is miraculous that this man survived a fall from this height, his fall is an essential reminder that employers are required to provide protections from the hazards of high elevation work,” said Christine Baker, director of the Department of Industrial Relations, a Division of Occupational Safety and Health, or Cal/OSHA.
Of the five violations Century Window Cleaning was cited for — with fines totaling $12,765 — three were general and two were considered serious, according to Cal/OSHA. The company was cited by regulators once before in 2008 for four violations totaling $2,270 in a complaint-based investigation.
A woman who answered the phone at the company said they would not be commenting on the citations, which can be appealed.
In the days after the accident, Perez's wife Maricela said, “It was surgery after surgery. The doctors induced a coma because the suffering was so great. Truly, it is a miracle that he is still alive.”
When he finally woke up, Perez wasn't able to speak, his family said. He didn't remember the fall, nor could he recognize familiar faces. Because he was unable to work, Maricela was forced to work extra hours and his 19-year-old daughter, Monica, stopped going to school so she could pick up an extra job.
The family set up a GoFundMe site and — through more than 1,200 individual donations — was able to raise more than $80,000, more than quadrupling their original goal of $20,000.
“Thanks to all the donations we have gotten in these past days, it will be possible not only for me to go back to school in the summer,” Monica Perez wrote on the fundraising page around New Year's. “But it also gives my father a piece of mind to know that we won't have to struggle any longer with the bills.”
A union representative who has been in contact with the family said they would not be making any statements to the media.
Kale Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfkale
WTOP, the most popular and profitable radio station in the Washington area, is getting a new owner, a Minnesota company that vows not much else will change at the outlet that airs news, traffic and weather like clockwork.
In a deal that surprised much of the radio industry, Hubbard Broadcasting said Wednesday it was buying 17 stations, including Washington's WTOP and WFED, from Bonneville International for $505 million.
Hubbard, a small, family-owned outfit with a long history in the broadcasting business, was an unusual company to be making one of the largest radio-station deals in years. Radio companies grew wildly a decade ago in a frenzy of deal-making. But that binge had subsided, leaving many of the newly enlarged companies saddled with debt and teetering near bankruptcy as the recession socked the industry.
WTOP (whose flagship is at 103.5 FM) is the crown jewel among the stations Hubbard will acquire. The all-news outlet has been the region's top-rated radio station for years and is by far its most lucrative.
The station ranked second among all stations in the nation in revenue last year, according to BIA Financial, which tracks the industry. The firm estimated WTOP's annual revenue at $51.03 million, second only to Los Angeles station KIIS-FM ($55 million), the radio home of "American Idol" host Ryan Seacrest.
WTOP's strength may be its unvarying format: It broadcasts local and national news, and weather and traffic reports at predictable times, promoted by its signature slogan, "Traffic and weather together on the 8s."
WTOP's managers welcomed their new owner Wednesday, saying they've received assurances that the station will continue to operate as it does now. "I don't see a lot of change," said Jim Farley, vice president for news at the station. Hubbard "is the same kind of company as Bonneville, with the same kind of values. They believe in news. They believe in public service."
Hubbard, which is privately held and does not release financial data, will effectively quadruple in size with the purchase of the 17 stations. The St. Paul-based company now employs 154 people at its 12 TV and four radio stations; after absorbing Bonneville's stations in Washington, St. Louis, Chicago and Cincinnati, it will have 701 employees. No layoffs are anticipated.
In addition to WTOP, Hubbard will also acquire Washington's WFED (1500 AM), which broadcasts news about government workers and federal contracting, and four other local stations. Two of the other stations (WWWT and WTLP, both FM) simulcast WTOP's programming. Another (WWFD-AM) repeats WFED's signal. The sixth, WBHQ-AM, is leased to a Spanish-language broadcaster.
The agreement between Hubbard and Bonneville includes an unusual provision: Bonneville's chief executive, Bruce Reese, and its chief operating officer, Drew Horowitz, will assume the same jobs with Hubbard after the sale is final.
Bonneville's top Washington manager, Joel Oxley, said having the same leadership will ensure stability and continuity for the local stations. "The idea is to keep a good thing going," he said.
WTOP employs about 100 people, including 50 in its newsroom. It will add 10 people next month when it begins producing its own traffic reports; some of those reports had previously been produced by an outside supplier, Metro Networks.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;span id="selection-marker-1" class="redactor-selection-marker" data-verified="redactor"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;​&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/span&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Ricardo Liborio took to social media today to announce that he is leaving American Top Team, a South Florida-based team that he helped found in 2001.The split comes just days after Colby Covington, an ATT athlete, beat Demian Maia in São Paulo at UFC Fight Night 119 and riled up the crowd with aggressive, critical comments about the host country of the event."Brazil you're a dump, all you filthy animals suck," Covington said in his post-fight interview.However, in a full statement given to MMAFighting.com , Liborio states that "[he] left the team approximately 3 months ago… and that [he] want the members of ATT to know that they will always be in [his] heart."In any case, Covington's apology certainly did little to mend the rift with Brazilian fans or Liborio.
Johannes Brahms's Wiegenlied, frequently referred to in English as Brahms's Lullaby or Cradle Song, is the composer's Op. 49, No. 4, originally written for voice and piano, published in 1868.
Composition and premiere [ edit ]
The Lullaby was dedicated to Brahms's friend, Bertha Faber, on the occasion of the birth of her second son. Brahms had been in love with her in her youth and constructed the melody of the "Wiegenlied" to suggest, as a hidden counter-melody, a song she used to sing to him.[1] The lullaby was first performed in public on 22 December 1869 in Vienna by Louise Dustmann (singer) and Clara Schumann (piano).[2][3]
Lyrics [ edit ]
The lyrics of the first verse are from the collection of German folk poems, Des Knaben Wunderhorn[1] and the second stanza was written by Georg Scherer [de] (1824–1909) in 1849.
Brahms version
Guten Abend, gut' Nacht,
mit Rosen bedacht,
mit Näglein besteckt,
schlupf unter die Deck':
Morgen früh, wenn Gott will,
wirst du wieder geweckt.
Guten Abend, gut' Nacht,
von Englein bewacht,
die zeigen im Traum
dir Christkindleins Baum:
schlaf nun selig und süss,
schau im Traum 's Paradies. English literal translation
Good evening, good night,
With roses covered,
With cloves adorned,
Slip under the covers.
Tomorrow morning, if God wills,
you will wake once again.
Good evening, good night.
By angels watched,
Who show you in your dream
the Christ-child's tree.
Sleep now blissfully and sweetly,
see the paradise in your dream.
Melody [ edit ]
Arrangements [ edit ]
In 1922, Australian pianist and composer Percy Grainger arranged the Wiegenlied as one of his "Free Settings of Favorite Melodies" for solo piano. This study was characterized by much use of suspensions and arpeggiation, with the first statement of the melody placed in the tenor range of the keyboard. This last practice was a favorite one of Grainger.[4]
Cultural references [ edit ]
A 1936 biographical film of Brahms with Albert Florath as the composer, took its title from the opening lines of this song, Guten Abend, gute Nacht.[5]
Wendy Cope's poem "Brahms Cradle Song" refers to this song.[6]
Recordings [ edit ]
Recordings include
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Ould, Barry Peter, Notes for Hyperion CDA67279, Percy Grainger: Rambles and Reflections – Piano Transcriptions, Piers Lane, piano.
It has long been true that any deviation from the Progressives vision of utopia is blamed on “oppression,” with racism being the usual suspect trotted out for condemnation. When actual racism can not be found, the Progressive Left declare that it is there all along! “Disparate impact” is the idea that if there is any statistical variance between racial groups, than that difference must be due to racism, even if this was due to racially neutral policies that were carried out in racially neutral way. The left term this “institutional” racism and claim that all of American society is inherently false and oppressive, so proactive governmental Affirmative Action is necessary to create an equality of outcome.
This creates a convenient excuse to engage in large-scale social engineering, as with the Obama administration's “Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing” plot to pack people into equally racially balanced urban rat cages. This submission of private property rights, not to prohibit actual discrimination, but to enforce an artificial utopia of equal outcomes, is itself discriminatory:
“Before putting race-neutral policies into effect, government agencies would have to determine whether a particular racial group would be disproportionately impacted and take steps to remedy that difference. By mandating an equality of ends — as opposed to an equality of opportunity — disparate impact liability encourages the adoption of discriminatory quota systems.”
The Left is not stopped by lack of actual discrimination, nor will it be stopped even by lack of disparate impact, which is somehow seen as proof of disparate impact! When the Supreme Court threw out the part of the voting rights act the specifically named certain states and counties as requiring oversight based on nearly fifty year old facts, they cited evidence that non-Whites actually were voting at a higher rate than Whites in many of these states and counties. This was used as proof that the oversight was needed! Thus the need for the Federal meddling is made eternal: If no actual discrimination is shown, then the lack of discrimination must be proof that the Federal meddling is required to stop the non-existent discrimination!
The Progressives will always blame racism, even if there is none.
Tweet
The House overcame a conservative rebellion Thursday to pass a new round of disaster relief, saying the $36.5 billion is needed to replenish funds that are quickly depleting in the wake of hurricanes that have battered Texas, Florida, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.
The overwhelming 353-69 vote came even as President Trump suggested federal emergency workers cannot remain in Puerto Rico “forever” — and Carmen Yulin Cruz, the mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico, accused Mr. Trump of “genocide” for what she said was an antipathy toward her island territory.
“I ask every American that has love, and not hate in their hearts, to stand with Puerto Rico and let this President know we WILL NOT BE LEFT TO DIE,” the mayor said in a statement she sent to Rep. Luis V. Gutierrez, Illinois Democrat, and asked him to publicize on Capitol Hill.
“I ask the United Nations, UNICEF and the world to stand with the people of Puerto Rico and stop the genocide that will result from the lack of appropriate action of a President that just does not get it because he has been incapable of looking in our eyes and seeing the pride that burns fiercely in our hearts and souls,” the mayor continued.
The mayor and the president have been feuding for weeks, with Mr. Trump saying the federal government is fully invested, and saying the hurdles to recovery are on the island itself.
Earlier on Thursday, Mr. Trump, in a tweet, warned that federal emergency help couldn't go on indefinitely.
QUIZ: US Citizenship Test (Part II) -- could you pass?
“We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!” the president said.
That set off a round of hand-wringing among reporters and Trump opponents who wondered what spurred the comment, and called it a “threat” to the territory.
One reporter, in a press briefing with White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly, demanded to know whether Mr. Trump accepted that Puerto Ricans are American citizens and deserve the same help as Texas and Florida have gotten. Mr. Kelly affirmed both statements.
The reporter then demanded to know why Mr. Trump had tweeted “that we can't be in Puerto Rico forever.” Mr. Kelly corrected her, saying the president had specified that “the U.S. military and FEMA can't be there forever.”
“The minute you go anywhere as a first responder — and this would apply, certainly, to the military — you are trying very hard, working very hard to work yourself out of a job,” said Mr. Kelly, a retired Marine Corps general.
While Puerto Rico is claiming the lion's share of attention, and is likely to get most of the money from the new disaster bill, it's just one of the crises the legislation is intended to address.
There's $577 million included to fight wildfires, with the death toll rising from raging blazes in California.
And the bill includes $16 billion to bail out the National Flood Insurance Program, which is the government's troubled backstop program to provide relief for those who cannot get regular flood insurance because they live in too risky areas.
Some of the 69 Republicans who opposed the bill singled out the bailout as their reason for opposing the package. They said the bailout forces responsible taxpayers to cover the costs of those who insist on living in risky areas.
Other Republicans objected because the money is tacked onto the deficit, forcing the costs onto future Americans, rather than paid for through spending cuts or tax increases now.
The bill includes $18.7 billion to replenish the main disaster relief accounts that keep Federal Emergency Management Agency officials in the field.
The bill still needs Senate approval.
Congressional leaders and the White House said it's not bill they'll be asking taxpayers to pay for the disasters.
“There will be others,” promised House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen, New Jersey Republican.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Tuesday on WTMJ's “Midday with Charlie Sykes,” while discussing a controversial tweet from presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump featuring an image of Hillary Clinton, money and a six-pointed star likened to the Star of David, Speaker of the House Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) said “anti-Semitic images, they've got no place in a presidential campaign.”
Ryan said,“Look, anti-Semitic images, they've got no place in a presidential campaign. Candidates should know that. The tweet's been deleted. I don't know what flunky put this up there. They obviously have to fix that. We've got to get back to the issues that matter to the public.”
He added, “Look I've made this really really clear, the point is, I think he has got to clean this up. My understanding is this was done by staff and not by he himself. But more importantly they've got to clean this thing up.”
(h/t The Hill)
Separation similar to this is coming to
Williams Ave north of Broadway.
(Photo J. Maus/BikePortland)
As the Portland Bureau of Transportation (PBOT) gets closer to breaking ground on their North Williams Avenue Traffic Safety and Operations Project, they've released a set of new plans that include some key modifications. Among them is a protected bike lane in one of the busiest and and most important sections of the entire bikeway: just north of Broadway where bicycle riders will merge from right to left as a high volume of traffic enters the I-5 freeway.
And strangely enough, the idea came at the request of the Oregon Department of Transportation.
In an email to members of the project's Stakeholder Advisory Committee late last week, PBOT project manager Rich Newlands shared the 60% plans and highlighted several changes from the 30% plans released back in January. Back then, we noticed that the plans didn't call for any physical separation. Instead, PBOT's plans were to rely on buffer zones on each side of the six-foot bike lane in order to create separation from auto traffic.
Now, thanks to a request by ODOT to prevent “auto encroachment”, PBOT will use a combination of “candlestick wands” and a “16-inch wide traffic separator.”
Newlands said the final design will be per ODOT standards and that it will likely end up looking similar to what Multnomah County installed on SE Hawthorne Blvd back in October. (The Williams version, he added, would have wider spacing of the candlesticks.) According to PBOT's plans, the separator will be 16-inches wide with the wands will be placed every five feet.
PBOT's initial designs relied only on green paint, buffers and signage. The addition of physical separation, Newlands confirmed with us today, arose from ODOT concern that people driving northbound on Williams might make a sudden move across the bikeway transition zone. “The separator,” he said, “would prevent that possible conflict.”
Here are the new plan drawings (NE Broadway is at the bottom):
PBOT plan drawing. Click to enlarge.
PBOT says they still hope to begin construction on this project later this summer, with plans going out to bid in late May.
— Learn more about this project in our archives.
Front Page
williams avenue bikeway project
“When men stop believing in God, it isn't that they then believe in nothing: they believe in everything.”
This website aims to present all the aspects of the Writer, Linquist, Philosopher and the Man UMBERTO ECO
Eco was born in Alessandria, Italy on January 5th, 1932 and died at the age of 84 in Milano, Italy on February 19th, 2016.
Umberto Eco is still best known for his novel Il nome della rosa (The Name of the Rose) which was published in 1980.
The book is an intellectual mystery combining semiotics in fiction, biblical analysis, medieval studies and literary theory.
In 1986 a movie by the same name, directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and starring Sean Connery was released.
His 1988 novel Foucault's Pendulum could be described as a "thinking man's Da Vinci Code".
Umberto Eco was President of the Scuola Superiore di Studi Umanistici, University of Bologna.
Additionally he has written a multitude of academic texts, children's books and essays.
The top-of-the-table showdown between the San Jose Earthquakes and Real Salt Lake on Staurday will be missing at least one key player: Steven Lenhart. The Earthquakes' second-leading scorer is being held out with what the team is calling "concussion symptoms."
Lenhart, who is one of the more physical players in the league, did not play in last week's game against FC Dallas and this will mark the third straight game he has not started. There has been no timetable given on when he'll be able to return, but coach Frank Yallop told MLSsoccer.com that Lenhart's recovery seems to be progressing well.
The Earthquakes have gone 0-2-1 in the last three games that Lenhart has not started, as their lead over RSL is down to one point. Alan Gordon, who plays a very similar style, has been the biggest recipient of the increased playing time. The two big forwards have combined for 11 goals this season and have been a major reason the Earthquakes have gotten off to their best start since rejoining the league in 2008.
For more on Lenhart's injury, be sure to check out Quake, Rattle and Goal.
On Monday, Lil' Big Ben laid out the case for Butch Davis to be held responsible for the twin scandals that have plagued the North Carolina football program for over a year.
Two days later, those chickens could be coming home to roost.
According to Scout.com‘s InsideCarolina.com, a UNC official was contacted by the website and asked to confirm or deny rumors that Davis has been fired as the Tar Heels head coach. The answer was ominous to say the least.
“The chancellor met with the Board of Trustees to discuss the future of the football program today.”
Uh. Oh. Maybe.
We've reached out to a pair of university officials in an effort to gain any additional insight — or a confirmation/denial — but have yet to receive a response. We have been told over the last 15 minutes or so that the speculation from those connected to the program that Davis has indeed been fired or will be asked to step down; it's important to stress that that's not been confirmed by us or anyone else at this time.
Obviously, we'll have more on this hot-seat situation, if there even is one, as it develops…
UPDATED 5:32 p.m. ET: Two current Tar Heels players have informed CFT that members of the football program were told today that Davis is no longer UNC's head football coach. The players were unclear whether Davis was officially fired or if he resigned (in all likelihood, it would be a forced resignation fed to the public as the right move for the team and the university). An email sent to UNC Deputy Director, Director of Football Communications Kevin Best seeking confirmation of what the players have stated has yet to receive a response.
UPDATED 5:47 p.m. ET: Inside Carolina is reporting “that the UNC football players have been told that Butch Davis will be terminated” while CBS Sports.com reports that “Davis has been fired as head coach of North Carolina, players have been told.”
SEC Network analyst Cole Cubelic listed his top four teams to make the College Football Playoff on Wednesday, with a surprise team making the cut.
. @CFBPlayoff Top 4 (if it started today) according to @colecubelic:
1) Alabama
2) Ohio State
3) Washington
4) NC State — Arky Shea (@ArkyShea) July 19, 2017
Cubelic went on to confirm his choice.
If I had a vote. Yep.... https://t.co/DREE9UnAbZ — Cole Cubelic (@colecubelic) July 19, 2017
N.C. State is an interesting team, with 3,000-yard passer Ryan Finley returning to an offense thick with skill position talent like Jaylen Samuels and running back Nyheim Hines. Defensively, the Wolfpack could take a step forward behind elite pass-rusher Bradley Chubb.
Still, this is a team that went 7-6 and had a losing record (3-5) in ACC play a year ago, and the schedule doesn't help. Sure, N.C. State could overcome a loss at Florida State, as the game is early enough on Sept. 23.
But Louisville — and returning Heisman winner Lamar Jackson — looms two weeks after that, and late October, early November brings a two-week stretch that includes a game at an improved Notre Dame and a home contest against Clemson.
Of course, Cubelic's other three choices each made the College Football Playoff last year.
Jogger finds 25 bricks of cocaine on Galveston beach
GALVESTON — A jogger on Galveston Island discovered a bag in the surf Tuesday containing 25 bricks of cocaine with an estimated street value of $2 million.
The jogger, whose name police are withholding, discovered the bag about 9:30 a.m. near Indian Beach, police spokesman Cpt. Jeff Heyse said.
He lugged the heavy bag to his residence and slashed it open to find 25 bricks of cocaine, each weighing 1 kilogram or 2.2 pounds, bundled in plastic wrap and rubber, Heyse said.
Recognizing the packages as cocaine from television programs, the jogger phoned police, Heyse said. The bricks tested positive for cocaine, he said.
The wholesale value of each brick is about $675,000, he said.
Heyse speculated that the cocaine could have been dumped overboard by drug runners at the approach of a U.S. Coast Guard vessel or may have been intentionally allowed to drift into the beach for a pickup.
He said the drugs would be sent to a Federal Bureau of Investigation lab. The lab would be able to determine the country of origin, but it would be nearly impossible to find out who tossed it overboard.
"We'll never know, unless a body washes up behind it," Heyse said.
harvey.rice@chron.com
Paddy Brennan has lost the ride on Cue Card with Harry Cobden set to take over on the popular 11-year-old.
Trainer Colin Tizzard revealed the news on Wednesday, just four days after Cue Card took a crashing fall under Brennan in the Charlie Hall Chase at Wetherby.
Tizzard said at Chepstow on Wednesday: "I spoke to Paddy on Monday and I said I think the horse deserves to have a change of rider as he has fallen twice out of the last three times and he replied 'fair enough'.
"It's not really a big issue changing jockey as we do it all the time but it might be on Cue Card because of his profile. It is fresh hands on board so we will see what happens.
"Harry might be available for two or three races and I like the idea of having a younger man on him. I've known him all my life and he has got plenty of experience. He has ridden a lot of winners for us and he is a good young rider.
"The horse's owner Jean Bishop is a very loyal person but she thought the horse deserved a new rider. He will come under scrutiny no doubt, but getting on Cue Card when you are 19 years old, he should be chuffed."
Brennan, 36, first rode Cue Card when winning the 2015-16 Charlie Hall and has taken the ride on all 12 subsequent starts.
The result has been six wins, including two Betfair Chases and the King George in 2015, perhaps the highlight of the horse's career.
Brennan highs and lows
March 2007 Wins the World Hurdle on Inglis Drever
June 2007 Loses job with trainer Howard Johnson to Denis O'Regan
March 2010 Wins Gold Cup on Imperial Commander
April 2011 Loses Nigel Twiston-Davies job as the trainer's son Sam gets more opportunities
2015/16 Has a stellar season winning the Charlie Hall, Betfair Chase, King George and Bowl on Cue Card but falls from Cue Card at the third last when in with every chance of winning the Gold Cup
November 2016 Guides Cue Card to a third Betfair Chase success by 15 lengths from Coneygree.
November 2017 Falls from Cue Card in the Charlie Hall and loses the ride
However, three of the 13 runs have resulted in falls. Most famously, the pair came to grief three out in the 2016 Cheltenham Gold Cup when still travelling well in pursuit of the triple crown of steeplechasing, which would have delivered a £1 million bonus to connections. He was not travelling so well when he departed at the same fence in this year's Gold Cup.
Cobden said: "It's a massive opportunity for a young jockey like myself to get the call-up to ride a high-profile horse like Cue Card and I'm very much looking forward to it.
"I schooled him at Colin Tizzard's yard this morning and he gave me a really good feel so I am looking forward to riding him in public for the first time in the Betfair Chase at Haydock in a couple of weeks' time."
&nbsp;
The rise of Harry Cobden
Cobden is one of the current wave of teenage riding talents and the reigning Stobart Conditional Jockeys Champion, which he won at a canter with 63 winners, having finished second in his first full season with a licence the year before.
His conditional licence was with Paul Nicholls, for whom he still rides, and he has made a stellar start to his riding career with 114 winners already from 588 rides.
He shot to fame when winning the Greatwood Hurdle in 2015 on Old Guard and has since won his first Grade 1 – the 2016 Fighting Fifth aboard Irving – while he landed a Grade 3 at Cheltenham's November meeting on Colin Tizzard's Viconte Du Noyer and also guided the trainer's Ultragold to glory over the Grand National fences in the Topham.
Only Nicholls has provided the 19-year-old with more rides than Tizzard, for whom he has ridden 16 winners at a 19 per cent strike-rate.
He is widely considered to be an impressive young rider who gets horses into a lovely jumping rhythm and has patience that belies his relative inexperience in just his third full season.
If you are interested in this, you might also like:
Kid gloves are off Thistlecrack as Tizzard star gears up for King George
Brennan registers 1,000th jumps success
Kentucky Census Worker's Death Was A Suicide, Police Say
The Kentucky census worker who was found hanging from a tree with the word "fed" written on his chest was not the victim of foul play, authorities announced today.
Instead, they believe 51-year-old Bill Sparkman killed himself and set up the scene so that it would appear he'd been murdered. Sparkman apparently hoped his son would then be able to collect on a life insurance policy.
According to the Associated Press, a news release from Kentucky State Police says investigators believe Sparkman acted alone in setting the scene. They also say he had recently taken out two life insurance policies.
Local news site Kentucky.com quotes state police Capt. Lisa Durzinksi as saying investigators "believe it was an intentional act on his part to take his own life."
Among the clues, Rudzinski cited, according to the website:
Tests indicated that the letters ("fed") were applied from the bottom to the top -- not the way an assailant facing Sparkman would write them. Police concluded that Sparkman wrote on himself, Rudzinski said.
There also were no traces of anyone else's DNA on the rag in Sparkman's mouth and no signs of a struggle.
Finally, Kentucky.com reports, Sparkman's feet were on the ground and he "could have stood up, taken the pressure off his neck and not died."
Sparkman's death in September led to speculation that he might have been killed by someone with a grudge against the federal government. The Census Bureau suspended its field work in Clay County, Ky., where Sparkman was a substitute teacher and part-time census worker.
Heading into this weekend, there is an abundance of important men's basketball storylines to follow in the Ancient Eight. After hanging on by the skin of its teeth last week against Princeton, can Yale continue its stellar play on the road? Can Harvard take down Princeton in Jadwin for the first time since the Game Boy was released? Will Cornell get its second win against Division I competition? What DOES the fox say?
However, I want to take this space to tackle a more important basketball question: Why is there no basketball Beanpot?
Backing up slightly, the Beanpot is an intercity athletic competition among the local Boston universities. Most popular is the men's hockey Beanpot, where Harvard, Northeastern, Boston University, and Boston College play three games over two weeks to determine the best—and worst—hockey teams in the city. Played at TD Garden, the games draw heavy attendance from all over Beantown. There are also Beanpots for women's hockey, baseball, baseball, softball, men's and women's soccer, women's rowing, and cycling. Hell, even Qdoba used to sponsor a Rice and Bean Pot Burrito Bowl.
There is an easy set of candidates for a men's and women's basketball Beanpot. In fact, the six schools—Harvard, Holy Cross, BU, Northeastern, BC, and UMass—got together in the beginning of the year for the inaugural Coaches vs. Cancer tripleheader. Held in the Garden, the event was swallowed by the stadium it was played in. As the season opener for most participants, it fell on a Sunday in the middle of football season. Needless to stay, fewer fans showed up to the Garden than stay all the way through a Heat game.
The failure of the event to generate interest should not take away from the possible success of a prospective Beanpot. Just three years ago, Harvard coach Tommy Amaker stated that he “would certainly be in favor of anything like that.” Boston College's current coach, Steve Donahue, who grew up in Philadelphia—the home of intercity basketball competition—also voiced his support. In Philly, the Big 5 pits each of the town's Division I schools against each other, a throwback to an era where they all played their home games in the sacred Palestra. However, Boston doesn't have anywhere near the same amount of college basketball history. A basketball Beanpot fizzled out in 1976 —after 14 unsuccessful years—mainly because Boston is, and always will be, a professional sports town. It is not Austin, Gainesville, or Tuscaloosa—college towns where student-athletes are lionized and Saturday, not Sunday, is the day where God delivers the gift of football.
Advertisement
But that is all the more reason for a Beanpot. From the Yankees and Rangers to the Colts and Lakers, Boston sports have been defined by rivalries. The Beanpot has proved a great way to develop those intercity rivalries in other sports. BU senior defenseman Adam Clendening once said, “You come to BU and you know you're supposed to hate BC.” In basketball, the teams play each other every year, but bragging rights mean little without a city trophy to show for it.
The other main barriers to the tournament are logistical. A Beanpot would require sponsors and for many teams to give up a home game along with the revenue that comes with it. To fix what didn't work once, the schools should harness what makes college sports great—the atmosphere and the fans. Instead of trying (and failing) to fill up the Garden, play a six-team tournament in a single gym over three days. Not only would this give the Beanpot a unique, authentic feel, but advertisers could sell anywhere between a single day pass and a three-day ticket that would span all five games. In a meritocracy, the RPI or KenPom could decide the two teams getting a bye. A more equitable proposal could rotate the two teams getting a bye to ensure different matchups every year. This could coincide with a change in venue—BC's Conte Forum (capacity 8,600), UMass' William D. Mullins Memorial Center (9,493), and the renovated Lavietes Pavilion all jump out as possible sites.
Ultimately, this idea will require time and a citywide buy-in. But a city that loves sports as much as Boston, especially one with two legitimate top-40 national teams in Harvard and UMass has the fans—and the teams—to see the event succeed.
—Staff writer David Freed can be reached at david.freed@thecrimson.com. Follow him on Twitter @CrimsonDPFreed.
UFC middleweight fighter Kevin Gastelum has revealed that he wants to win titles in more than one division as he is also targeting the welterweight belt.
The Ultimate Fighter 17 winner, who has a 14-2 record in MMA, moved up a weight class to middleweight after struggling with cutting weight in the welterweight division, and has impressed ever since.
Gastelum recently defeated UFC legend Vitor Belfort in impressive fashion and had previously retired Tim Kennedy at UFC 206. Following his TKO victory over Belfort, the Mexican-American announced that he was on a "legends a**-whooping tour" and challenged Anderson Silva to a fight in Brazil.
Gastelum got his wish as it was confirmed that he would face "The Spider" at UFC 212 in Rio de Janeiro. But despite a 3-0 record at middleweight and a bright future ahead of him, the 25-year-old is still eyeing the welterweight title.
"I'm thinking about getting the 170 belt," Gastelum said, as quoted on The MMA Hour. "But, I'm thinking about getting the 170 belt, but if I have to get the 185 belt before, so be it."
Gastelum added that he is simply keeping his options open, as he believes a win over Silva would merit himself a title shot, but with the current state of the chaotic middleweight division, it may not happen.
"We'll see after this fight. I dunno. Hopefully I'll be in a position when I win this fight I can lay out a few options and see what they are and go from there. Next step would be title shot at '85, but realistically that might not happen," he added.
However, any shot at Tyron Woodley's welterweight belt would hinge on Gastelum taking care of his diet as he missed weight three times in two years while fighting at 170 pounds. But the San Jose native insists he will not miss weight anymore.
"I just know that I can make it. I just had to figure out a healthy way to make it. Instead of cutting it all, I had to figure out how to make my body work and how to do it right. For sure," he explained.
By Nick Veronica
UB guard Shannon Evans is leaving the school, according to a report from Big 4 Talks Johnathan Snyder.
Further, Snyder reports that UB is blocking Evans from transferring to a number of schools, including Arizona State, where former UB coach Bobby Hurley just took over.
[UPDATE: UB reverses course, allows Evans to transfer anywhere]
Evans scored 15.4 points per game as a sophomore and dished out 4.6 assists per game. He was one of the most important players on the team's MAC championship run.
Losing a stud like Evans reflects poorly on UB athletic director Danny White, who recently promoted assistant coach Nate Oats to head coach without conducting any other interviews. A main benefit of giving Oats the job was the perception that it would help keep the talented players on the team.
Evans also tweeted (and later deleted) that he couldn't even get an audience with White to discuss his future:
I felt like i did a few good things here in buffalo, it amazes me that I can't even sit down with the AD & discuss my future! — Shannon Evans II ™ (@hollywood_XI) April 20, 2015
Danny White wouldn't give one of his most important players the time of day? https://t.co/PATXX5mp0F — Nick Veronica (@NickVeronica) April 20, 2015
Also, Evans was & is still happy with Nate Oats hire. Problem for him is with relationship with AD — Johnathan Snyder (@J_Snyder613) April 20, 2015
For what it's worth, teams usually block players from transferring to conference opponents or local rivals. Anything beyond that is seen as excessive.
If you're tallying White's recent blunders, mismanaging the Hurley situation was one, not conducting a national search for a new coach is two, and not accommodating one of the most important athletes on his campus would be three.
Evans' comments to Mark Gaughan of the Buffalo News are particularly damning:
“I wanted to talk to Danny White today,” Evans said. “I saw him. He said, ‘I've got to do this, I've got to do this. Talk to Nate Oats, I told him everything.' . . . It's like he was in a rush.”
Evans said Oats informed him that UB would allow him to transfer but would block a move by Evans to go to Arizona State, Virginia Commonwealth, Old Dominion or another MAC school. Evans is a native of Suffolk, Va. “They're basically going to block all the schools I want to talk to,” Evans said. “I just feel like they don't want my best interests and what's best for me personally, and I really don't like that. I feel like if I want my release, OK, any MAC school, I understand. But they shouldn't block me from any school in a higher conference than Buffalo.”
Other updates:
Evans said he wanted to stay in Buffalo for the community, but the administration made him feel he was not important and not a priority. — Tom Dinki (@tomdinki) April 20, 2015
From UB student-athlete handbook: Typically the UB Athletic Department denies releases to other MAC schools as well local Division I (1/2) — Owen O'Brien (@owenobri) April 20, 2015
instituions Canisius, Niagara and St. Bonaventure. However, each case will be reviewed on an individual basis. (2/2) — Owen O'Brien (@owenobri) April 20, 2015
Advertisements
Carlos Brathwaite's stunning four consecutive sixes off the first four balls of the last over helped seal West Indies' four-wicket win over England and their second World T20 title in Kolkata on Sunday.
Here are HT's five takeaways from that last-over thriller:
No Narine but cheers to Barrackpore
Samuel Badree's two early wickets had England reeling at 8/2 and with a big rebuilding job to do. (AFP)
People of Barrackpore rejoice, your boy has made you proud. This isn't the erstwhile cantonment town located on the northern fringes of Kolkata, but the Barrackpore in Trinidad and Tobago. But just like the spinner named after Sunil Gavaskar, Samuel Badree turned out to be another West Indian owning Eden Gardens as if it was his backyard.
His figures of 4-1-16-2 may have gone unnoticed but it was pure gold, especially that wicket maiden. At Rs 50 lakh, Badree can now be considered a bargain buy for Royal Challengers Bangalore.
Never underestimate the part-timer
England needed early wickets if they were to stand any chance of defending 155 against the formidable West Indies batting line-up. And Joe Root did just that, dismissing openers Johnson Charles and Chris Gayle in the second over. (REUTERS)
Underestimate the part-timer at your own risk. The best method is just to play him out. Isn't that what the coach says? Not for any reason you see. Even Joe Root can turn on the heat by tossing up dollies. You know you want to hit them out of the park but almost invariably it goes wrong.
Johnson did it. Chris Gayle saw everything from the other end but decided to take his chances at his own peril. No harm done for West Indies at the end of the day but definitely a lesson for everyone.
Throw your back for the catch's sake
Jos Buttler's grounded catch of Marlon Samuels proved costly. If only he'd dived, the result of the match could perhaps have been different. (REUTERS)
Another of those cricket adages --- catches win you matches. And who must absolutely adhere to it? Why of course, the wicketkeeper! At 25, a wicketkeeper is expected to put Superman to shame. And here was Jos Buttler not even throwing himself in front to collect a lazy nick from Marlon Samuels, then on 27. Had that catch been taken cleanly, England could have pocketed the match. Instead, they gave Samuels a second life.
There is no challenging brute power
England would have fancied their chances with 19 needed off the last over, but Brathwaite's brutal hitting left them stunned. (Reuters)
You can be as athletic as you want, sprint between the wickets like a hare and stop boundaries by sliding like an eel. But sometimes you have to bow to brute power. Take the case of gentle giant Carlos Brathwaite. He ambles in while bowling and is as shy in front of the media as a third grade kid.
But the operative word here is ‘giant'.
You don't want to pin him to the wall. Once you do that he can summon insurmountable strength to make you see stars in daylight. And that's not a great feeling.
Even a neutral venue can rock the party
The crowd at Eden Gardens was vociferous in its support for both teams. (Ashok Nath Dey/HT Photo)
There was a hint of anxiety among some of the organisers when India failed to make it to the final. Tickets were up for resale and friends with access to complimentary tickets were put in a fix.
Somehow, however, all turned out well for Eden Gardens. Kolkata knew this could be too good a game to miss. Relieved of the pressure to watch India play a final, they cheered for the sixes and yorkers and produced Mexican Waves at T20 pace.
Biggest compliment for the Eden? Both captains claiming after the match that the crowd was on their side.
Read:
Brathwaite's stunning sixes seal West Indies' second World T20 title
West Indies overcome adverse circumstances to join league of champions
First Published: Apr 04, 2016 13:13 IST
What do you feel when writing is the last thing you want to do?
You probably feel bored, uninspired, lethargic.
Next, what do you feel when you're fully absorbed in your work? You know, those moments when you can write thousands of words like nobody's business.
Maybe you feel happy, energetic and you feel a sense of purpose in what you're doing.
Turns out, psychology has a good handle on these phenomena. Researchers suggest that positive emotions and high motivation work well together as a team.
Shawn Achor, author of The Happiness Advantage: The Seven Principles of Positive Psychology That Fuel Success and Performance at Work highlights the science behind happiness and how it affects our work. Watch this funny and insightful talk below to get the idea behind this concept.
Another study conducted by psychologists Teresa Amabile and Steven Kramer also confirms the concept that happiness plays a major role in the quality of our work.
After interviewing 600 managers, their analysis showed that there's a disconnect between what managers think will make employees happy and the things that actually does that.
Managers thought that salary raises, bonuses and other monetary rewards will motivate their employees. However, as revealed by over 12,000 employee diary entries that were studied, employees are actually more motivated by the sense of accomplishing a meaningful job. In short, emotional rewards Trump financial incentives.
As Amabile and her peers put it:
“On days when workers have the sense they're making headway in their jobs, or when they receive support that helps them overcome obstacles, their emotions are most positive and their drive to succeed is at its peak. On days when they feel they are spinning their wheels or encountering roadblocks to meaningful accomplishment, their moods and motivation are lowest.”
These studies, and many other supporting research, tell us that emotions do play a key role in how much and how well we do our jobs. When paired with positive experiences, our productivity takes off and results to higher satisfaction.
And this certainly applies to us content publishers. Writing is after all, an arduous job that demands our physical and mental energy. So it only makes sense to cooperate with how our brains are wired to work to make the task easier.
So how do you get enthusiastic on writing and other creative work you do? Here are a few ideas.
1. Get realistic
You've probably heard this tip before. Breaking a large task into bite-sized chunks is an effective way to remove to overwhelm. But what most people don't know is that it also cultivates positive emotions.
Facing a large task is a surefire way to procrastinate leading you to feel sorry for yourself later on. And the more you feel bad about the task, the more you'll try to avoid it.
Author Monica Mehta explains this well in her book The Entrepreneurial Instinct: How Everyone Has the Innate Ability to Start a Successful Business. She suggests that the brain likes little accomplishments. For every success we make, the brain releases a chemical called dopamine — the area of the brain responsible for pleasure and motivation. When this happens, we feel more inspired and motivated to reenact the positive experience.
So don't scare yourself with a large task such as “Write an ebook” or “Write a long-form blog post” Instead, break it into small, more realistic tasks like the following:
– Create a writing plan
– Create an outline
– Research first section
– Write intro
– Write draft
– Proofread
– Copyedit
2. Record small wins
For some content publishers, the emphasis is on the big wins — an ebook published, a month's worth of blog posts written and X number of subscribers collected. But here's the rub: big wins, career-defining as they are, don't keep us motivated and happy. Since they usually come with huge time and effort, experiencing the thrill of these wins don't come routinely.
It's the small wins: the words written, the revision done, the images and links added, that are the ones that keep us going.
And that's why it's important to track these small wins. Doing so gives you a sense of accomplishments for the things you've done no matter how small they are. And with this comes the motivation to do even more.
Amabile recommends keeping track of these small wins with a work diary to harness positivity in your work and keep yourself motivated.
So consider keeping a section in your note-taking tool for “Accomplishments” and after each workday, record the tasks you have completed.
Alternatively, consider using iDone This, a simple, dedicated tool for recording your accomplishments for the day. Keep journalling these small wins and you'll notice a positive shift in your mindset and productivity. Remember, no accomplishment is too small.
3. Celebrate These Small Wins
They say that the fulfillment is not in the destination but in the journey. Cliche I know, but it's also true in your work. And what could be a better way to enjoy the journey than by celebrating your accomplishments?
In addition to recording your small wins, give yourself a reward for the job well done. They don't have to be extravagant. Look to the small things that you genuinely enjoy. For me that would be listening to a favorite song, a dessert, a YouTube video or playtime with my irresistibly cute kittens.
Small rewards from small accomplishments lead towards something bigger. And that is why you should really take time to define a reward.
One thing about rewards. See to it that you don't mistake it as a task that you'd like to squeeze into your schedule but you don't actually enjoy.
For instance, taking a nap and reading a chapter in a novel are good rewards. Sorting emails and decluttering your desktop are not. (unless you find genuine happiness in those things)
4. Find a Fun Angle in Your Post
If you're free to direct whatever angle you want for your content, why not consider adding some fun into it? No matter what your topic is, you can always find a quirky slant that will engage your interest and that of your readers.
One way to do that is by narrowing down and associatiating your topic to something completely arcane. Here's a nice post about how to write about the most un-interesting topics.
5. Find meaning in your work
Dan Pink, author of Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us suggests that a sense of purpose is a powerful motivation factor. We find pleasure not in the finished output but on how it can make a difference in the world.
When people lose sight of the intrinsic benefits of their work, they get demoralized and their work suffers.
In the same way, when you know that your work will have a bigger impact beyond just completing a blog post, you'll be more motivated to do it and carry through in spite of challenges.
This is why it's important to always find meaning in your work. For instance, instead of just looking at your newsletter as a 1500-word content you need to cross off your to-do list, see it as something that could educate struggling entrepreneurs.
6. Get intimate with your readers
Along the lines of the point above, consider going the extra mile by really spending time with your target audience.
Putting a human face to your work cultivates empathy which leads to purpose — a primary motivation factor according to Dan Pink. It's amazing how you can get better insights by personally hearing from them their challenges, goals and motivations.
Writing will become easier this way. As a bonus, you get a collection of anecdotes you can share to infuse emotions in your content.
7. Compete with someone
When writing starts to feel like a chore, adding a spirit of healthy competition is a great way to perk things up.
For instance, you and your friend might challenge each other to complete a long form blog post each week. The one who finishes earlier is the winner. Whoever loses should buy lunch for both of you the next time you meet.
8. Learn from your favorite authors
Reading the works of your favorite authors and bloggers is another great way to get inspired.
But there's more you can do. Many successful bloggers recommend taking a copy of your favorite author's work and copy it longhand. It's a simple exercise that teaches you how to emulate your favorite writer's style.
When you do this, you get a zoomed-in view of their phrasings, transitions, use of emotions and other elements that make their writing unique and compelling.
As you absorb their distinct fashion, your subconscious stores the lessons and you slowly develop the same style in your own writing. Easy but powerful stuff if you're serious about improving your style.
9. Get active
It seems that there's no end to the benefits of exercise. And for us writers, it certainly doesn't hurt to know that it also boosts our mood among many other perks.
Researchers explain that exercise releases endorphins also known as the happy hormones that stimulate energy and happiness.
In addition, it's also great for our brains. Countless studies such as this have shown that exercise has positive long-term effects on the brain.
I personally find that after a sweat session, I'm more energetic and able to tackle a writing task. On a similar note, when I'm inactive, writing is a struggle and ideas don't flow as well.
Wrapping Up
Writing demand lots of effort and time.
Great news is, it doesn't have to be a fight against willpower or something you have to rely on muse.
There are habits you can develop to establish that writing is fun and enjoyable. Keep doing this in your daily work routine and with positivity on your side, you'll be writing with ease and consistency.
What are the things that make you happy to work? Share your thoughts in the comments below!
KANSAS CITY, MO—Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz excitedly informed everyone in his team's dugout that he had just spotted a submarine splashing around in the Kauffman Stadium fountain behind the outfield fence in Kansas City, sources confirmed Wednesday. "It came up from under the water and was looking around with its stethoscope [sic], but I think it was lost and might have been at the wrong game," said Ortiz, who reportedly waved enthusiastically at the submarine in the top of the third inning while striking out with the bases loaded. "It was probably one of those that people flush down the toilet when it's a little submarine because they don't want it anymore, and then it grew super big inside the sewer eating rats." Red Sox sources confirmed that after the game Ortiz searched for the submarine in the locker room by peering into a sink's drain, inspecting a shower nozzle, and checking underneath a urinal cake.
Advertisement
Supporters of California's ambitious High-Speed rail project are making a lot of big promises about what the line can achieve, everything from less greenhouse gas emissions to fewer cars on the road. One of the most far-reaching claims is the potential to revolutionize towns where there will be stations like Fresno and Merced.
A story about how HSR could impact commuters and a talk back about the report.
For more on the topic we spoke with a few experts this week on Valley Edition. Joining the conversation are Elizabeth Jonasson with the California High Speed Rail Authority and Lee Ann Eager with the Fresno County Economic Development Corporation. To hear the story and discussion click play above.
Home prices and rent in the Bay Area have soared making the area one of the most expensive places in the country to live. high-speed rail advocates think the central valley could provide a home for workers displaced by unaffordable housing.
"Try to be a teacher, or a police officer, or a firefighter, or somebody who works in retail or a restaurant. It is neigh impossible to live anywhere near the job," Carl Guardino, SVLG
“We are going to be able to shrink the globe quite literally by linking Fresno and San Jose,” says Carl Guardino is the CEO of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group.
The SVLG is a collection of tech companies that advocate on issues such as transportation, and in this case, are strongly in favor of the bullet train.
In his view, the train is going to provide relief for a Bay Area housing market that has spiraled out of control and help thousands of middle-income workers find a home in the central valley.
“Try to be a teacher, or a police officer, or a firefighter, or somebody who works in retail or a restaurant. It is neigh impossible to live anywhere near the jobs we are producing in abundance here,” Guardino says.
The median home price in San Jose, according to industry research, is four times that of the rest of the country reaching nearly $900,000. Prices have doubled since 2000. Making the region one of the most expensive places to live in the country.
As Silicon Valley took off, many middle-class workers fled to the north valley transforming once tiny farming communities, like Los Banos, into sprawling bedroom communities with more affordable housing. The median home price there is less than $250,000.
The result is thousands of people are now commuting very long distances to find work, sometimes two hours or more.
Guardino sees them trading in their daily car commute for a predictable hour on the train in exchange for cheaper housing in the central valley.
University of the Pacific researcher Jeffrey Michael says about more than half of all workers in Los Banos commute, and of that about a 40% are commuting over the hill into the bay…a commute that for most takes more than 90 minutes each way.
However, Michael is highly skeptical of Guardino's prediction that thousands will be making the commute every day from one valley to the other and back.
“Unless there was a huge revolution in their plans for financing it. I don't see the ability to subsidize it enough to make it cost effective for daily commuting,” Michael says.
Riding the rail won't be cheap.
Doing rough math based on fare tables released by the High-Speed Rail Authority, it would cost north of $2,000 a month to commute on the train each way five days a week.
Guardino counters that package rates would likely bring that cost down. Also, that simply looking at the dollar figure ignores the lost hours, wear and tear on cars and non-economic cost like missing family-time that mega-commuters are currently paying.
"I think we actually see jobs imported from the Silicon Valley to Fresno," Mayor Ashley Swearengin
However, not even all high-speed rail supporters agree with Guardino's including Fresno Mayor Ashley Swearengin.
She thinks companies will move some operations to Fresno so CEO's can easily pop in and out or have workers commute less frequently rather than a large influx and outflow of daily commuters.
“I think that is unrealistic. I don't think we are looking at ‘I live in Fresno but I go to work every day in the Silicon Valley'. I think we actually see jobs imported from the Silicon Valley to Fresno,” Swearengin says.
The High-Speed Rail Authority seems to be somewhere in between Mayor Swearengin and Mr. Guardino.
Authority Vice-chair Tom Richards somewhat skeptical scale of the commuters but acknowledges many people are already making long commutes in search of lower home prices and that some may be willing to call Fresno or Merced home.
“There certainly is somebody of information that would suggest that the housing market in the central valley could provide some relief for the difficult of buying houses in the Silicon Valley and the Bay Area,” Richards says.
There is a big financial reason why people could consider the high-speed rail to be a better option than the drive.
The rent tracking website rentjungle.com says the average rent for a two-bedroom apartment in San Jose is just shy of $2,800 a month.
In Fresno, it's $850.
That is sure to climb if Fresno becomes a hot growth destination but it would still be far cheaper than Silicon Valley.
The bottom line is housing stock just hasn't been able to keep up leading to an effect like squeezing a balloon…the air has to go somewhere.
That somewhere was into towns in the north central valley that have boomed in population but also transformed communities and created a new class of super commuters.
The Department of Energy is predicting U.S. coal production will see sustained increases over the next two years due to higher amounts of exports and coal generated electricity, the Washington Examiner reports.
“U.S. coal production is getting a boost in 2017 from higher coal exports and more coal-fired electricity generation,” Energy Information Administration acting administrator Howard Gruenspecht said. “Coal-fired power plants are expected to be the leading source of U.S. electricity for the next two years, as the cost of coal is expected to rise by less than the cost of natural gas.”
U.S. coal exports increased in the first half of 2017. Coal exports were up in the first quarter of the year 58 percent over the same period a year prior, according to Energy Information Administration data.
Overall electricity usage is expected to drop for the third consecutive year, but the brunt of falling demand will be absorbed by natural gas power plants. The price of gas is rising and international demand for American coal is surging, up 60 percent from January to May. Coal production is expected to surpass current market-leading natural gas in the second half of 2017, according to the Washington Examiner.
Follow Tim Pearce on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
SALT LAKE CITY — An overwhelming majority of Utahns want President-elect Donald Trump to keep his promise to deport undocumented immigrants who have criminal records, a new poll shows.
Seventy-five percent of Utahns either strongly or somewhat support Trump's plan to deport undocumented immigrants with criminal records, according to a UtahPolicy.com poll released Tuesday.
Of 614 registered Utah voters who responded to the Dan Jones & Associates survey conducted Dec. 8-12, 46 percent said they strongly support Trump's plan, while 29 percent said they somewhat support the plan.
Thirteen percent said they somewhat oppose it, 9 percent said they strongly oppose it, and 2 percent were undecided. The poll had a 3.95 percent margin of error.
The poll's results got mixed reactions among immigration advocates, civil liberty groups and conservative leaders.
Brandy Farmer, president of Centro Civico Mexicano, Utah's oldest nonprofit Hispanic organization, said the poll left her feeling "disappointed," expecting a more sympathetic culture in a state known for its welcoming nature.
"It surprises me that (Utahns) are not more sensitive to families," Farmer said, pointing out that many Utah youths serve missions for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, learning acceptance and respect for cultures worldwide.
James Evans, chairman of the Utah Republican Party, was unsurprised by the poll, which he said depicts a sentiment that "will hold up nationwide."
"It's just basic common sense," Evans said. "I don't think any community wants a criminal element in their community. And to add that you shouldn't even be here to begin with because you came illegally, it's hard to justify why you should remain in this country."
Evans said the poll simply shows Utahns are frustrated with the nation's current immigration policies and are supportive of the plan Trump has put forth to create change.
Bradford R. Drake, executive director of Catholic Community Services, a faith-based organization with a stated mission to help those in need regardless of religion or personal circumstance, said President Barak Obama's administration has already been deporting undocumented immigrants with criminal backgrounds.
Deportation, Drake said, is an oversimplistic and inhumane answer to a complicated problem — a solution that may be appropriate for repeated or particularly problematic offenders, but not immigrants who have minor offenses.
"People are not seeing the real issue," he said. "We need comprehensive immigration reform. We need to figure out a better, more human way to deal with the immigration issue we have in this country."
Anna Thomas, spokeswoman for the American Civil Liberties Union of Utah, agreed that Trump's promise to deport undocumented immigrants with criminal backgrounds "doesn't sound much different" from the Obama administration's current policies, which she said has resulted in "hundreds of thousands of deportations every year."
It's a practice the ACLU strongly opposes, Thomas said, because "the Constitution guarantees certain basic rights to all people in the U.S., regardless of citizenship, and regardless of what offenses they may be accused of committing."
"Even though these policies ostensibly targeted only people who had been convicted of dangerous crimes, many individuals who posed no significant public safety threat were subject to detention and deportation," she said.
Thomas noted that the poll only asked if respondents would support a plan to deport undocumented immigrants with criminal records, without describing what that plan would be.
"Stoking fear of criminals is an easy way to elicit support from people who are concerned about public safety in general, while overlooking the fact that the vast majority of undocumented individuals have committed only minor — if any — offenses," she said. "Our undocumented neighbors pose no greater risk to public safety than those of us who were born here."
But Evans said Trump's deportation plan specifically pinpoints "the criminal element," and the "rhetoric" that deportation is inhumane or harsh "doesn't stand up to basic scrutiny."
"If you commit a crime and been sent to jail or prison, you've already separated yourself from your family," he said. "That's part of the life of a criminal."
Mazinger (マジンガー, Majingā) is a long-running series of manga and anime featuring giant robots or mecha.
Series [ edit ]
The series in order:
God Mazinger is related by name only and Mazinkaiser is an OVA retelling of earlier Mazinger stories, based partly on designs created by Nagai for the Super Robot Wars series of video games and also on Nagai's original Mazinger manga stories.
Mazinger-Z also featured in a video game for the Genesis/Mega Drive. It went by several names like MazinWars and MazinSaga.
Common Elements [ edit ]
Throughout the storylines, common characters and traits tie the series together.
Body Structure & Colouring Scheme [ edit ]
Except God Mazinger, the other mazingers share a very distinctive physiognomy, though the proportions and overall presence is modified in each one.
Mazinger Z usually looks shorter and wider compared to Great Mazinger, who has a more slender physique. This is mainly due to the "helmets", which is how one really can tell these two apart. The helmet of Great Mazinger is pointed while the top of Mazinger Z is "flat-topped". MazinKaiser looks more heavily built than either of them, and sports the typical over-detailed (more ornate) style of more modern mechas (consider there's a 30-year gap between the first two and him). MazinKaiser is also the bigger/taller of the three.
The main colours are always black (torso, hips, shoulders, sometimes limbs), white ("steel colored") (waist and limbs, with slight variations towards light shades of yellow and blue tones depending on the version), very dark blue or almost black, depending on the depiction (face, limbs) and red (chest plate and flying devices). The head is usually steel/grey, with a cavity for the ship that controls the mecha.
This cavity becomes increasingly complex in each incarnation. Mazingers have characteristic horns at each side of the head where the ears would go on a human head, always coloured yellow, the eyes are yellow with the exception of Mazinkaiser SKL which has blue eyes. The face is completed with a mouthplate with several narrow apertures on it.
Even though Grendizer strays a bit from these guidelines, the resemblance to the other Mazingers is obvious.
Weaponry [ edit ]
Each Mazinger builds on the previous one by enhancing the power of an attack that already existed, plus adding some new ones. Weapons like Rust Hurricane (or "Booster Hurricane"), Rocket Punch, and Breast Fire are shared by Mazinger Z, Great Mazinger and MazinKaiser; Mazinkaiser comprises the weapons of the two previous Mazingers and adds a factor of uncontrollable energy associated to them (for example, sometimes it's hard for Koji to keep the mecha stable when using the two attacks previously mentioned). All Mazingers, except God Mazinger, have "Rocket Punch" attacks, in which they launch their arms as projectiles, which return after being shot towards the enemy.
Grendizer has few similar weapons, but it even expands its arsenal with several large ships that give him different capabilities, such as the Spaizer, Double Spaizer, Drill Spaizer, Marine Spaizer and other related machines. (These are also called "Spacer")
Hover Pilder [ edit ]
Traditionally, Mazingers are controlled thanks to a flying vehicle that docks on the mecha's head and activates it.
The first one, built for Mazinger Z, was the Hover Pilder, a small hovercraft, later replaced by the Jet Pilder. In Great Mazinger, this device takes the form of Brain Condor, and in Mazinkaiser it's called the Kaiser Pilder, which resembles Brain Condor more closely due to its sharp shape (in contrast to Mazinger Z's Pilder, that had a more bulbous shape) and the way it rests on Kaiser's head, leaving one of its fins standing vertically like the crest of a rooster.
These aircraft are always red, except in the Mazinkaiser OVA version of Mazinger Z, where the Hover Pilder is white. Grendizer doesn't have a small aircraft, instead the robot itself is fitted inside a larger ship called the spazer for aerial attacks and the robot can launch from it when ever there is a need for a ground battle. Some times Grendizer can stand on top of the spaizer and use it to fly so it can have more freedom in aerial battles.
Jet Scrander / Jet Scrambler [ edit ]
Mazinger Z wasn't conceived as a flying robot, and hence he is later equipped with Jet Scrander (or "Jet Scrambler"), a detachable device that allows him to face aerial monsters. This machine also had razor-sharp wings that could be used to cut enemies while in flight.
Great Mazinger has an incorporated Scramble Dash, that can retract itself when not needed. However, he is also given Great Booster, a very powerful device that attached itself to Great's body pretty much the same way Jet Scrander did to Z's and allowed him to fly at higher speeds.
Mazinkaiser has Kaiser Scrander (or "Kaiser Scrambler"), which is very similar to Jet Scrander in its colour scheme (red and yellow) and the fact that it's not part of the mecha but connects to it when required. Notably, since Kaiser can't use his chest plate as boomerang (a Great Mazinger gimmick) he uses Kaiser Scrander in a similar fashion, due to its sharp wings.
The Shin Mazinger incarnation presents the God Scrander ("God Scrambler"), which appears on the first chapters and in the latter part of the series. It also allows Mazinger to use a new attack, the Big Bang Punch, which consists in Shin combining with the God Scrander and transforming into a gigantic hand, and later making a fist that immediately turns golden-coloured, and is used as a scaled-up Rocket Punch. During the transformation, the God Scrander would compose three of the "fingers", and Mazinger uses his arms as the other two.
Female mecha [ edit ]
Mazinger pioneered the concept of female mechas that, while not nearly as powerful as the main robot (with the probable exception of Minerva X), play a significant role in the battle against the enemy.
Their most noticeable characteristic is their main weapon, the Oppai Missiles, missiles posing as breast placed on the mecha's chest. Again, Minerva doesn't follow this canon completely since her breast fire is identical to the male Mazingers, and she wasn't controlled by a human being (until her appearance in the Mazinger Angels series).
No female mechas were included in Grendizer, but characters like Hikaru and Maria prove to be helpful and brave in battle. They are (in order of appearance): Aphrodite A, Minerva X, Diana A, and Venus A.
Notably, in Mazinger Angels, Minerva has a special berserker mode, the "Sirene Mode", in which she takes a form similar to that of Silene, a character from Nagai's Devilman.
Shared characters [ edit ]
Many characters appear in different points of each plot.
Kouji Kabuto: The original Mazinger Z pilot reappears towards the ending of the Great Mazinger Series, again piloting Mazinger Z. He then appears in Grendizer, but this time he does not pilot a mecha but a spaceship, and later the Double Spaizer. Koji becomes the pilot of MazinKaiser in the most recent incarnation of the series. Sayaka Yumi also appears in the three main Mazinger sagas.
Dr. Hell: Mazinger Z's nemesis, this evil scientist dies at the end of that storyline, but is brought back to life as the Great Marshall of Hell in Great Mazinger. He reappears in Mazinkaiser and Shin Mazinger Z-Hen.
Shiro Kabuto: Koji's little brother, appears in Mazinger Z and Great Mazinger, where he learns that Kenzo Kabuto is his father, thought to be dead in the previous series.
Archduke Gorgon: In Mazinger Z he plays a treacherous role as Hell's collaborator, when in reality he is a messenger from the Mikene Empire, who are using Hell to their own profit. Only in Great Mazinger his true hierarchy among the Mikenese armies is revealed.
Hikaru Makiba and Maria Fleed: two female characters from Grendizer, pilots of Marine Spaizer and Drill Spaizer respectively, appear as pilots in Mazinger Angels, Hikaru piloting Diana and Maria piloting Minerva.
Villains [ edit ]
Mazinger villains tend to be bizarre, having a dual nature or bodies that are made of disparate parts:
Baron Ashura's body is half male and half female, he/she resulted from a bizarre experiment of Dr. Hell who stitched together incomplete parts of two ancient mummies and then revived the resulting body 'à-la-Frankenstein'.
Count Blocken was a German Waffen-SS officer who, gravely wounded, was given to the unearthly cares of Dr. Hell, in World War II a Nazi collaborator. He managed to save his life by keeping alive his severed head, which can float on its own and never rests on his shoulders.
Viscount Pigman has the body of a large tribal warrior and where the head should be there's a mannequin-like upper body of a pygmy shaman.
Archduke Gorgon's trunk is placed on the back of a sabretooth tiger
Marquis Janus can twist her neck 180 degrees, shifting from the face of a beautiful woman to that of a haggard witch
The Seven Generals of Mikene are composed of different parts of animals grouped together, like mammals, birds, humanoids, etc.
General Gandal, of the Vegan empire, shares the same body with Lady Gandal; at first his face would split to show a feminine figure from the inside; later her face alternatively replaces Gandal's, often taking control of the body. This is a similar masculine-feminine duality to the one seen in Baron Ashura.
Evil Mecha Armies [ edit ]
One of the main attributes of the Mazinger series is the existence of a large amount of evil mechas, which are incredibly varied in shape and weapons and serve as Monsters of the week. Dr. Hell's Mechanical Beasts, the Mikene Empire Warrior Beasts and the Vegan Empire Spacial Monsters usually have nightmarish appearances, and though they are never as powerful as the hero robot, they are quite capable of putting him against the ropes.
Comic-Con will host the world premiere of “Scream Queens,” Twentieth Century Fox Television announced today, along with 12 other new and returning series that will bring their cast and creators to the 2015 convention.
Fan-favorite shows “American Horror Story,” “Sleepy Hollow,” “Salem,” “Bob's Burgers” and “The Simpsons” will all return to Con, while Seth MacFarlane's animated comedies “Family Guy,” “American Dad” and the upcoming “Bordertown” will also have panels and screenings. New series “Minority Report,” “Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll” and Glen Mazzara's “Damien” will make their Con debuts, along with Will Forte, who will be joined by Kristen Schaal, January Jones and director-exec producer Chris Miller to tease the second season of his Fox comedy “The Last Man on Earth.”
The casts and creators of “Scream Queens” will face off with “American Horror Story” Freak Show” and “Hotel,” as Jamie Lee Curtis, Emma Roberts, Lea Michele, Styler Samuels and Keke Palmer will gather with “AHS'” Kathy Bates, Angela Bassett, Sarah Paulson, Evan Peters and Matt Bomer for a panel session, which will feature the world premiere of Ryan Murphy's Fox horror-comedy anthology series.
Related Jamie Lee Curtis on How 'Halloween' Intersects With #MeToo: 'Enough Is F—ing Enough' FX Networks Chief John Landgraf on Future of 'Fargo,' 'American Horror Story,' 'Feud' and 'Atlanta'
Tom Mison, Nicole Beharie, Lyndie Greenwood and the exec producers of “Sleepy Hollow” will present a first sneak peek to Season 3, while new Fox drama “Minority Report” will also present a special screening, plus a Q&A with the cast and producers, in anticipation of its fall premiere.
Denis Leary's summer FX series “Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll” will also make its first appearance at the Con, with Leary and cast members Elizabeth Gillies, John Corbett, Elaine Hendrix, Robert Kelly and John Ales on a panel.
“Damien,” upcoming on A&E, will debut at Con with exec producer Mazzara, plus cast members Bradley James, Barbara Hershey, Megalyn Echikunwoke, and Omid Abtahi for a first look at the new satanic drama via a Q&A with the cast and producers.
“Salem's” cast including Shane West, Janet Montgomery, Seth Gabel, Ashley Madekwe, Iddo Goldberg and the exec producer-creators Brannon Braga and Adam Simon will take a look back at Season 2 during a moderated discussion and audience Q&A.
“Bob's Burgers” and “The Simpsons” will be back at the convention — “Bob's Burgers” will have a panel with never-before-seen footage, while “Simpsons” will show a sneak peek behind “Treehouse of Horror XXVI.” The two staples will be in good animated company with McFarlane's first-ever Comic-Con comedy block panel, which will feature “Family Guy,” “American Dad” and a first-look at Fox's 2016 series “Bordertown.
20th Century Fox TV will also have a two-story Fox booth at the convention center, hosting talent rotating through for autograph signings, giveaways and more.
Comic-Con takes over San Diego July 9-12.
What were they thinking? England unveils outrageous new Sevens kits
You have to wonder what happened during the design process of the new England Rugby Sevens kits.
At what point did it seems like a good idea to design a psychedelic new strip that resembles a 1980s arcade game? Still, that's what the team at Canterbury have come up with.
The official line is that both shirts have been created with the English rose at the heart of the design using a pixelated image of the iconic rugby emblem to represent the DNA of the rose.
Scroll down for video
Taxi! Canterbury have unveiled an outrageous new strip for this summer's World Cup and the 2013-14 HSBC World Series
And while the designs will certainly not be forgotten in a hurry, you have to wonder how many average rugby fans will want to wear this down the pub.
Canterbury are also launching seven 'Home or Away' taxis, which will be wrapped in the design of the shirts on the capital.
And they're asking fans to take pictures of the taxis and send them into win prizes. Though we fancy fans are more likely to cover their eyes than reach for their cameras.
Kit of all right? The new strip is certain to cause a stir - much like the Space Invaders arcade game in the 1980s
Chris Stephenson, Canterbury CEO said: 'Sevens is becoming one of the fastest growing sports, and has appeal to a wide audience. With this in mind, we have crafted two very special shirts, representing a home and alternate proposition.
'The Marriott London Sevens is only a month away, which I'm sure will exceed the record breaking crowds of last year. We are keen to get the fans ready for the event, indulge in the atmosphere and decorate the whole of Twickenham in either Team Home or Team Away.'
Launched by members of the England men's and women's teams at Twickenham today, the shirts will be worn for the first time at the Marriott London Sevens, the last tournament of the 2012-13 IRB HSBC Sevens World Series taking place at Twickenham in May.
Previous: The RFU has moved away from the more traditional shirt designs which began with a burnt orange change kit - made by Nike - called 'Tequila Sunrise' and the purple effort in 2009 was one to forget, too
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hyundai will pay $56.8m of the settlement, as well as forfeiting 2.7 million greenhouse gas emission credits
US regulators have announced that Hyundai and Kia have agreed to a record settlement for overstating the fuel economy of their cars.
The South Korean carmakers were accused of exaggerating the fuel efficiency of 1.2 million vehicles.
The $100m penalty is the largest ever paid for violation of the Clean Air Act, according to regulators.
"We are pleased to put this behind us," said Hyundai US chief David Zuchowski, in a statement.
In November 2012, the two carmakers admitted to having overstated the fuel economy of their cars by up to six miles per gallon.
This, in turn, meant that the companies underreported the cars' greenhouse gas emissions to the US Environmental Protection Agency by around 4.75 million metric tons.
As a result, Hyundai and Kia will be forced to forfeit emissions credits for the difference between the original and the overstated data - worth approximately $200m.
They have also been made to spend approximately $50m on measures to prevent future violations, making the total settlement worth $350m.
"This unprecedented resolution with Hyundai and Kia underscores the Justice Department's firm commitment to safeguarding American consumers, ensuring fairness in every marketplace, protecting the environment, and relentlessly pursuing companies that make misrepresentations and violate the law," said US Attorney General Eric Holder in a statement announcing the settlement.
Shares in both Kia and Hyundai declined nearly 6% in trading after markets had closed.
The allegations concern the Hyundai Accent, Elantra, Veloster and Santa Fe vehicles and the Kia Rio and Soul models.
Sidney Jones, an International Crisis Group analyst, noted the Paris attacks drew praise from some of the estimated 500-700 Indonesians fighting for Isis in Syria. Bahrun Naim, an ex-prisoner and jihadi intellectual, posted a blog entitled Lessons from the Paris Attacks (Pelajaran dari Serangan Paris). He urged would-be jihadists in Indonesia to study the planning, targeting, timing, coordination, security and courage of the Paris teams, she said.
Until recently, at least, there was no known Isis structure in Indonesia. But Jones predicted in November that rivalry between two Syria-based Indonesian Isis commanders, Bahrum Syah and Abu Jandal, could bring a Paris-style attack to Jakarta. As in Europe, jihadis returning from the Middle East may also be implicated in today's events.
Without Isis's physical elimination, there seems scant prospect of an end to its terror campaign. As the Atlantic commentator Graeme Wood has noted, Isis does not want or seek peace with its enemies. There will be no truce or ceasefire. Isis sees itself as a harbinger of the end of times. Before the apocalypse arrives, it has pledged to destroy all 200 million Shia Muslims, whom it regards as heretics, all other Muslims who by accepting secular governance confirm their apostasy, and the “army of Rome” (the west).
Isis in Syria and Iraq continues to rely on foreign recruits to boost its numbers. But the perpetuation of its global terror campaign depends on attracting affiliates and sympathisers across the Muslim world and beyond, partly by example and partly through social media and the internet.
As Isis's international notoriety grows, so too may its unifying appeal to the fanatics and fundamentalists, the disaffected and the dispossessed, and the merely criminal of the Sunni Muslim world. Its overriding ambition is plain: to be the first terrorist organisation with truly global reach.
Beartooth are looking to play some house shows and are now taking requests. You can submit for the band to play at your house on their official website. “Hey, we're tired of playing venues with barricades,” the band said. “We want to play at your house. ‘Nuff said.”
Beartooth released their debut album, Disgusting, earlier this year on Red Bull Records. The band will hit the road with Sleeping With Sirens and Pierce The Veil this November. (See the full list of dates below.)
Dates with Sleeping With Sirens and Pierce The Veil:
11/ 05 –Fresno CA – Woodward Park Amphitheater
11/07 Pomona, CA – The Fox Theatre
11/08 Tuscon, AZ – Rialto Theatre
11/09 Albuquerque, NM – Sunshine Theater
11/1 Lubbock, TX – Lonestar Pavillion
11/13 Tulsa, OK – Brady Theater
11/14 Nashville, TN – Cannery Ballroom
11/15 North Myrtle Beach, SC – HOB Myrtle Beach, VA
11/16 Norfolk, VA – The NorVa
11/19 Lancaster, PA – Freedom Hall
11/20 Toms River, NJ – Pine Belt Arena
11/20 Albany, NY – Washington Avenue Armory
11/22 Hartford, CT – The Webster
11/24 Huntington, NY – The Paramount
11/25 Huntington, NY – The Paramount
11/29 Milwaukee, WI – Eagles Ballroom
11/30 Plymouth, MI – Compuware Arena
12/01 Clive, IA- Flags Event Center
12/03 Boulder, CO – Boulder Theater
12/05 Reno, NV – Knitting Factory
12/6 Las Vegas, NV – The Joint @ Hard Rock Hotel
Newly formed group condemns New York Republican congressman sponsoring gun control bill as members hand out flyers during local Fourth of July parade
The fledgling Gays Against Guns activist group made its main street America debut on Monday. While the turnout was small, demonstrators left hopeful they could turn at least one November 2016 election toward gun control.
'Trying to deal with the pain': Orlando survivors face long road to recovery Read more
About 20 members of the newly formed group canvassed a Fourth of July parade in the village of Patchogue, New York, handing out flyers condemning the local Republican congressman, Lee Zeldin, who is the main sponsor of a gun control bill that will be introduced in the House of Representatives this week.
Gays Against Guns came together after 49 people were killed and 53 injured at a LGBT nightclub in Orlando last month. The group debuted at New York City's Pride parade in late June. Monday's protest was their first foray into a small town.
Hundreds lined Main Street in the 11,700-person village, watching local dance groups march and community figures drive by in flag-decked cars. While most focused on the festivities, many accepted the flyers.
Tim Murphy, who helped organize the demonstration, said he hoped the group could bring “sassy brashness” to the fight for stricter gun control laws.
“Today is the start of an election-season-long campaign to shame the NRA puppets in Congress as far and wide as we can,” Murphy said.
Zeldin was out at several other Fourth of July events in the district on Monday, said his communications director, Jennifer DiSiena, in an email. In his absence, Gays Against Guns made a puppet to represent him.
“It's unfortunate that the Democratic party and their most loyal supporters are politicizing this issue and protesting the constitution on Independence Day,” DiSiena wrote.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A gay Against Guns protester carries a puppet representing congressman Lee Zeldin. Photograph: Amanda Holpuch/the Guardian
DiSiena said no one in Congress was in favor of terrorists being allowed guns and that groups such as Gays Against Guns should unite behind Zeldin.
“They also should come to grips with the bigger picture that the Orlando shooter was a radicalized Islamic terrorist pledging allegiance to Isis and yelling ‘Allahu Akbar' while violently targeting the LGBT community,” DiSiena said.
“Efforts by the Democratic party to narrow this issue to just gun control is alienating the rest of our country who understand the bigger picture.”
Zeldin plans to introduce a bill in the House this week, in response to Democratic pressure for improved gun control legislation. His proposal has been rejected by gun control advocates because of its weak protections and similarity to a National Rifle Association-backed bill that failed in the Senate.
Gays Against Guns activists said they wanted to be sure Zeldin's constituents knew about the bill ahead of November, when the congressman is up for re-election.
The most vocal local opponents of the protesters shouted quick comments about the right to bear arms. Many more in attendance, including gun owners, said something had to be done to address the gun violence problem in America. They just weren't sure what.
“It's easy to blame the gun when the system is at fault,” said Eric Billings, treasurer at the Emanuel Lutheran church. He said he understood and respected the demonstrators' opinion, but was not convinced the NRA was responsible for gun problems in America.
“Something has to be done because need to be able to go out and have fun without being afraid,” Billings said.
At Fire Island on Sunday, Gays Against Guns reprised a walking memorial to Orlando first staged at New York Pride. Doing so attracted new supporters, organizers said. Two of them were local to Patchogue – Donald Gamarano, a retired teacher, and Louis Weise, who owns a salon in town.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Louis Weise, left, and Donald Gamarano. Photograph: Amanda Holpuch/the Guardian
Can the US break its cycle of gun control failure? Read more
Both men, who have lived in the area for 25 years, said they were shocked that stricter gun control laws were not enacted after 20 first-graders and six educators were killed in the Sandy Hook shooting in Connecticut in December 2012. Then came Orlando.
“After Orlando, I thought: the only way we're going to get this done is the gay people,” Wiese said. “And I know we're gonna get this done.”
While canvassing the parade route, Weise added, he encountered several of his customers whom he knew to be proud gun owners. Some were not happy to see the flyers, he said, adding that he would not be surprised if they stopped coming to his salon. But he was also confident he could find new customers.
“I thought the response was going to be much worse,” he said.
Gays Against Guns members agreed, though they did face vocal opposition from a few people. One woman tore the flyer up; another demonstrator got involved in an argument with a man who told him he was “cultural rot”.
There was also agreement that some lessons had been learned at the parade, such as the importance of showing up before the parade ends, which some demonstrators did not do.
But they continued to march up and down, speaking with residents about why they think Zeldin should be voted out of office. The demonstration concluded at his office, where they held a “die-in” and chanted: “How many more have to die?”
The ill-fated Fast and Furious operation that ended up putting thousands of loose guns onto both sides of the US-Mexico border has claimed a big fish.
The acting director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives – who oversaw implementation of Fast and Furious out of ATF's Phoenix office in 2009 – has stepped down and will be reassigned, the Justice Department announced Tuesday.
Kenneth Melson, who was named ATF's acting director in 2009, will move out of ATF to become a senior adviser on forensic science in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Policy. Replacing him as ATF's acting director will be B. Todd Jones, the US attorney for the District of Minnesota.
The US attorney in Arizona, Dennis Burke, whose office was heavily involved in the Fast and Furious operation, is also stepping down, the Justice Department said.
The ATF has not had a permanent director since 2006, a fact that offers one measure of the touchy nature of the bureau's role in gun ownership and regulation. President Obama has nominated the head of ATF's Chicago office, Andrew Traver, to take the job, but strong opposition from the National Rifle Association has stalled his confirmation.
It was Fast and Furious that most recently put ATF in the headlines. The undercover operation was designed to nab gun smugglers taking US firearms into Mexico and to the country's violent drug cartels. But instead, bureau agents lost track of as many as 2,500 high-powered firearms, some of which later turned up at crime scenes on both sides of the border.
Two of the weapons were found at the scene of a US Border Patrol agent's murder last year.
The reshuffle in ATF personnel seems unlikely to end the controversy over Fast and Furious. US Rep. Darrell Issa (R) of California, who heads the House Oversight Committee that has been investigating the botched operation, said in his Twitter feed Tuesday, “We won't let blame for reckless Fast and Furious be shifted onto these few.”
Representative Issa contends that the Obama administration is blaming Mr. Melson and other ATF and Justice officials for a scandal that he says reaches much higher into the Obama team.
Despite the black eye that Fast and Furious has given the ATF and anti-gun-trafficking efforts more generally, experts in US-Mexico border issues say that undercover operations and in-depth investigations will be necessary if gunrunning is to be brought under control.
Mexican officials continue to loudly criticize the United States for not stanching the flow of weapons southward, but they also lambasted the US over the well-intentioned but poorly executed Fast and Furious operation.
Just last week, Mexican President Felipe Calderón again blasted US gun dealers and lax firearms regulations for the part they play in arming Mexico's drug gangs. Mr. Calderón said the gun connection and profits from US drug sales made the US partly to blame for the drug-gang firebombing of a casino in Monterrey Thursday, which left at least 52 people dead.
Published on May 12, 2011
Calvin Harris - Bounce ft. Kelis (Official Video)
Spotify - http://smarturl.it/Calvin_Spotify
Apple Music - http://smarturl.it/Calvin_AppleMusic
Amazon: http://smarturl.it/CalvinFWB_Amz
Follow Calvin Harris
Website: http://calvinharris.com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/calvinharris/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/CalvinHarris
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/calvinharris/
Lyrics
I can't believe that every day and every night
It's getting better with you out of my life
It's like I flicked a switch and now I'm feeling good
No way to stop it, now you wish that you could
When the weekend comes I know I'll feel alive
You will be the last thing on my mind
No regrets, do you know what that means?
It's hot, it's loud, it's wild
We bounce to this track
And I don't care what anybody thinks about that
Hands to the sky, and throw your hair back
I can love again tonight
We bounce to this track
And I don't care what anybody thinks about that
Hands to the sky, and throw your hair back
Bounce, bounce, bounce
Well it's hot, it's loud, it's wild
We bounce to this track
And I don't care what anybody thinks about that
I don't care what anybody thinks about that
#CalvinHarris #Bounce #Vevo #Dance #Kelis
While the Chinese army is involved in a standoff with Indian army, they seem to have some major issues when it comes to getting new recruits for their ranks. It seems that a lot of kids in the country may not be able to make the cut and the government has just revealed the reason behind this.
According to the People's Liberation Army daily, 56 percent of aspirants who applied in a city were rejected due to their poor diet and lifestyle choices. State media said that young Chinese people are fat and are masturbating too much to be considered fit for being a part of the armed forces.
A report said that the health issues are related to long hours spent sitting on the computer, excessive masturbation and little physical activity. It said that masturbation leads to larger than normal veins in testicles which have an adverse impact on fitness.
The state media also added that a good number of applicants failed tests when it came to eyesight and blamed electronic gadgets including phones which youngsters are wearing out their eyes with.
Meanwhile as it also pointed out excessive consumption of fizzy drinks, the report reassured people by mentioning that US army has a rejection rate of 80 percent.
Hillary Clinton is underperforming Barack Obama among working-class whites in the upper Midwest. She isn't quite replicating his strength among African-American voters, and early voting suggests that demographic's turnout will be down this November (due to a combination of falling enthusiasm and rising suppression). And Clinton has struggled to generate as much support and enthusiasm among younger votes as the first black president enjoyed.
And yet, the Democratic nominee is still on pace for a decisive victory next Tuesday — because college-educated white women are plugging the gaps in the Obama coalition.
In 2012, white women with college degrees opted for Romney over Obama by 6 points, according to exit polls. In the latest Washington Post/ABC News tracking poll, they're backing the Democratic nominee by 27 points.
That figure is on the high side — a recent Fox News poll put Clinton's advantage with such voters at 17 percent. But there's broad consensus in the data on the basic dynamic: College-educated white women went for the Republican four years ago; now they're backing the Democrat by double digits.
And since this demographic is among the least likely to forget about that whole “grab 'em by the pussy” thing — and among the most likely to turn out on Election Day — they appear poised to provide Clinton's margin of victory next week.
Which is, of course, good news for Democrats in the immediate term. But Clinton's dependence on this traditionally Republican constituency could be a problem for Democrats in the very near future.
Photo: Saul Loeb-Pool/Getty Images
Donald Trump's appeal to white-identity politics and his hard-line stance on immigration were key to his success in the Republican primary. Even Mitt Romney had to evince contempt for the undocumented to make it through that gauntlet, arguing that the government should strive to make such “illegals” so miserable, they chose to “self-deport.” In 2016, the Establishment's golden boy Marco Rubio argued that Barack Obama was deliberately sabotaging the United States.
Which is to say: The next Republican nominee will almost certainly have some difficulty commanding significant support among nonwhite voters. Trump's nativism and coded bigotry is central to modern GOP politics. But his cartoonish misogyny is not.
Of course, Republicans back policies that limit women's reproductive rights and economic equality. But they don't (usually) boast about committing sexual assault, deride women as “pigs” and slobs,” or demean female journalists with veiled references to menstruation.
A major-party nominee has never given women more reasons not to vote for him. And Trump is still winning white female voters without a college degree. If he had campaigned as a conventionally anti-feminist Republican — and thereby, retained Romney's edge among college-educated white women — he would be on the verge of winning this election.
This should be concerning to Democrats, not least because there's reason to think this year's holes in the Obama coalition will remain unfilled in future cycles.
In 2008 and 2012, African-Americans turned out at higher rates than whites. Historically, the opposite has generally been true. It wouldn't be surprising if African-American voter participation reverts to its historic mean when the singularly charismatic first black president isn't on the ballot — especially when one of the two major parties is rewriting voting laws to facilitate that reversion.
Photo: Irfan Khan/LA Times via Getty Images
The rightward drift of white working-class voters — who accounted for a third of all votes cast for Obama in 2012, according to the Upshot's calculations — may also prove structural. The ongoing decline of private-sector union membership — combined with a backlash to mass immigration — seems to be driving whites without college degrees into red America's tent.
Finally, survey data show that the rising generation of younger voters identifies less strongly with the Democratic Party than millennials just a few years their senior.
If these trends persist — and the Republican Party nominates a less grotesquely misogynistic candidate in 2020 (or beyond) — it's easy to see how the Clinton coalition could come apart at the seams.
To be sure, there are plenty of other stories one can tell around these data points. For one thing, it's possible that Clinton's margins with college-educated white women reflect their enthusiasm for her candidacy more than it does their antipathy for her opponent. After all, shouldn't we expect the first female major-party nominee to enjoy outsize support from members of her own demographic? (This view is a bit hard to square with Clinton's unfavorable numbers, but there still may be something to it.)
What's more, new voters are disproportionately diverse and Democratic, suggesting that every four years Team Blue's base should grow larger relative to the GOP's. Plus, looking beyond 2020, it seems likely that the next Democratic standard-bearer will have the benefit of not being under FBI investigation.
Regardless, Democrats have reason to worry about their ability to retain college-educated white women in the post-Trump world — assuming such voters deliver us to that realm next Tuesday.
Two local groups headed by powerful businessmen that are vying for a Major League Soccer franchise in the Twin Cities will share the stage in a unique doubleheader Saturday at TCF Bank Stadium.
One group, led by the Wilf family that owns the Vikings, is helping to promote a match between powerhouses Manchester City and Olympiakos in the Guinness International Champions Cup, a tournament drawing massive crowds at stadiums across the U.S.
The other group is led by former UnitedHealth executive William McGuire, who owns the existing Minnesota United franchise — a club playing in the second-tier North American Soccer League. United will face Ottawa in a league match with the hopes of setting an NASL attendance record.
Although Saturday's doubleheader won't determine which group could eventually be awarded an MLS franchise, the competition is clearly intensifying.
They have both made inroads with local fans, a point underscored by dueling local outreach events during the recent World Cup. And they are both expected to have representatives next week at the MLS All-Star Game in Portland.
MLS has 19 teams and wants to expand to 24 by 2020. All but one of those expansion franchises are accounted for, pending stadium approval. The league has made no secret about wanting another Midwest franchise, and with two groups angling for a team here, the Twin Cities remains at the forefront of expansion talk.
“We've been doing our homework,” Vikings Vice President Lester Bagley said. “[MLS] is excited about the market and the opportunity.”
Minnesota United President Nick Rogers, talking about McGuire and his role as United owner said, “Bill is a competitive guy. If he's going to be involved, he wants to win and do it the right way.”
With that as a backdrop, the biggest questions involve issues of stadiums, fan support and the mind-set of MLS officials. The answers help frame a picture of which group is in the lead, even if neither one considers it a competition.
The stadium question
The Vikings' advantage is that they have a stadium under construction that meets MLS standards. Though it is indoors and has an artificial surface, Bagley said he believes the 60 percent glass roof and five pivoting doors give the stadium the best of both worlds — the ability to have an outdoor feel in the summer but also control the weather during a regular-season schedule that runs from early March through late October. Last year's championship game was in December.
Architects are also fine-tuning plans to cover the upper bowl during soccer matches, giving the stadium a capacity of 20,000-25,000. The Vikings have shown those preliminary designs to MLS officials and local leaders, and they plan to unveil the finished product to the public this fall at their stadium preview center.
“Given our circumstances, we think we can make this stadium exciting and a great gameday experience for fans,” Bagley said.
While MLS teams have failed in the past in NFL-style stadiums, there is also precedent for success. Seattle dominates MLS attendance, averaging more than 42,000 fans per game (league average is 18,716) playing in the same stadium as the Seahawks, albeit with a reduced capacity for soccer.
But Seattle, unlike the Twin Cities, doesn't have NBA or NHL franchises to compete for fans' attention and dollars. MLS is similarly flourishing in other markets that lack franchises in major North American men's pro leagues such as Portland (NBA only), Salt Lake City (NBA only) and Kansas City (MLB and NFL only). Those clubs are among the 14 MLS teams that play in soccer-specific stadiums, which many fans consider a better experience.
That's the type of facility the McGuire-backed United group is pushing to build. Though United officials won't acknowledge that they have renderings for a downtown Minneapolis stadium near the Farmers Market, the Star Tribune has spoken to people who have viewed the plans. It would be an open-air stadium with views of the Minneapolis skyline, similar to Target Field.
The United group would need to have a stadium plan in place before proceeding with a formal bid on an MLS franchise, and that is their biggest hurdle. They are working behind the scenes with multiple partners, though no formal deals have been announced.
Twins President Dave St. Peter said his organization “remains interested in supporting the effort to bring MLS to Minnesota. That said, the Twins have no partnership with Minnesota United FC.”
Soccer-specific stadiums in Houston, Philadelphia and Salt Lake City have opened since 2008 and were built for $120 million or less — real money in a Twin Cities market battling stadium fatigue, but also a fraction of the cost of the new Vikings stadium (roughly $1 billion), Target Field ($545 million) or even TCF Bank Stadium ($288 million).
The league and the fans
Where Minnesota United gains the upper hand is in perception from both fans and MLS itself.
In a preseason conference call in March, MLS Commissioner Don Garber acknowledged the league has had long-term talks with the Vikings group but said, “We've had a high level of activity with the current Minnesota United,” in remarks about expansion. An MLS spokesman this week said the league's stance is “relatively status quo” five months later.
United was owned by the NASL and in danger of folding in 2012. The Vikings had an opportunity to buy them at the time, but they passed. McGuire stepped in to purchase the team and has since ramped up team payroll and staffing to the point that it is one of the league's model franchises. United won the NASL spring season championship and recently drew more than 9,000 fans for a match at their current home at the National Sports Center in Blaine against English Premier League club Swansea City.
“We feel great about the relationship we have with the real die-hard soccer fans in the community,” Rogers said. “We were the ones, when it was going to go under, that saved the club, and people remember that.”
Indeed, many local fans remain loyal to United and suspicious of the Vikings now that they are trying to enter the soccer picture.
“Two years later, they come talking about grass roots and wanting to listen,” said Wes Burdine, 32, one of the founders of Major League Soccer for Minnesota, a group formed in 2012 with the goal of bringing MLS here. “My response, and I think the general response, has been, ‘You had your chance to listen.' ”
Burdine went so far as to say that if the choice is between supporting United in the second-tier NASL or a Vikings-run team in MLS, he would prefer the former.
Bagley said he understands the fans' perspective but said the Vikings were stretched too thin working on stadium issues to take on running another franchise. Bagley is hoping Saturday's match will give the Vikings a chance to connect with fans.
“Let's use this match to give us a chance to show our intentions are real and that we want to do this the right way,” Bagley said.
Bagley said as of Thursday, close to 31,000 tickets had been sold for Saturday's event and that he is hoping the final number tops 33,000.
As well as they have done in the NASL, moving to MLS could be critical for United's long-term existence. United officials privately believe they are the front-runners to land an MLS franchise, provided they have a viable stadium deal and can stomach an expansion fee that should be around $80 million.
But they are short on making public any specifics of their plan — or commenting about it at all, for that matter.
“There are no guarantees, there is no certainty, but we think we have a path to an ideal opportunity for MLS in this market,” Bagley said. “But ultimately it's up to MLS. We'll continue to do our work and see how it shakes out.”
According to a (hopefully false) rumor famed Japanese developer, Treasure, may have halted game development. The studio is most famous for titles like Guardian Heroes on SEGA Saturn, Gunstar Heroes on Genesis/Mega Drive, Ikaruga on Dreamcast and Sin and Punishment on the N64.
If the rumor is true it's very unfortunate, Treasure had spoken of making a new title on PC in 2014. It's unclear whether ports/remakes of classic content would be included in such a decision, more games were supposed to come to PC after the Steam release of Ikaruga. Treasure had hinted at a Steam release of Radiant Silvergun, we've heard nothing about a release since then.
The last release from Treasure was Gaist Crusher in 2014, a licensed game for Nintendo's 3DS. It didn't leave Japan.
Thanks: SEGABits
KETTLEMAN CITY (KPIX 5) — Think Flint Michigan's water crisis is bad?
Consider Kettleman City.
The Central Valley town's residents have been living with arsenic-tainted tap water for decades. A KPIX 5 investigation in May found travelers on I-5 may also be drinking it when they stop for fast food. Has anything changed? We decided to check it out.
PART 1: California Town's Water Tainted with Arsenic for Decades
PART 2: Kettleman City Residents Living With Water Tainted with Arsenic
“We are only serving canned beverages” reads the sign on the soda fountain at Taco Bell in Kettleman City, a popular pit-stop for travelers on Interstate 5. It's closed because of a KPIX 5 investigation into the town's tainted drinking water. It's contaminated with arsenic, a known carcinogen.
The water is so bad residents are forced to drink bottled water, delivered twice a week. Still, at local restaurants the ice and the water used to mix sodas comes from the tap. Samples we took at Taco Bell, Carl's Jr. and In-N-Out came back well above the EPA maximum contaminant level of 10 parts per billion.
KPIX5's investigation led the restaurants involved to improve their filtration systems. In-N-Out's arsenic level is down to 10 parts per billion. The water at Carl's Jr. had no trace of arsenic at all. A new sample taken for the first time at McDonald's came back at 19 parts per billion.
Meanwhile, residents of Kettleman City are still forced to cook and bathe with the tainted water day after day, month after month and year after year.
“It's just a travesty of justice,” said Bradley Angel with the environmental group Greenaction . He has been leading the fight for change in the community for decades.
“You know Flint, Michigan has had toxic water for a few years. People of Kettleman City have had toxic water for decades. And it appears to me and to a lot of the residents that simply put, our government couldn't care less,” said Angel.
A treatment plant that will allow the town to tap into the nearby California aqueduct for clean water is still years away, even though the state has pledged $8 million dollars to fund it.
An endangered lizard stands in the way, and now there are even more obstacles.
“They have to pay their water bill for toxic water and if the clean water becomes reality they will have to pay increased water rates,” said Angel.
That is something many people in Kettleman City will not be able to afford.
In a statement to KPIX 5 from Jim Abbate, who owns the city's McDonald's restaurant said, “Serving safe, high-quality food and beverages is our top priority. We are handling this situation with the upmost care, and ensuring our customers and employees in kettleman city are safe.”
No that's not lava but it's what gets millions of people out to this attraction every year.
NATURAL WONDER
Blazing 'firefall' lights up Yosemite, see the pictures here
Find Your Forecast Search by city or zip code
Daniel Martins
Digital Reporter
Thursday, February 16, 2017, 1:42 - It only happens once a year -- and only when a host of complicated factors are aligned -- but the show is always worth it.
Its mid-February, meaning Yosemite National Park's famous cascading golden "firefall" lights up the park's distinct El Capitan, drawing photographers from around the world.
The regularity of the amazing national phenomenon, and its reliance on the sun's angle, may put one in mind of Stonehenge, but the science behind the firefall -- actually El Capitan's Horsetail Falls -- is actually a little more complicated, and harder to pull off.
First, you'll need the sun to be at just the right angle to hit the waterfall, and that angle only occurs twice a year, in February and October. However, the falls' fiery appearance is only possible in February.
Every February a rare phenomenon makes Horsetail Fall @Yosemitenps glow like fire. Pic from Saturday by Ray Lee #California #firefall pic.twitter.com/Gxt2YlKav7 — US Dept of Interior (@Interior) February 14, 2017
That's because the falls are reliant on the weather: They're fed by runoff from the snow that falls on El Capitan over the winter, and then only if daytime highs are above zero, enough to cause some melt. In October, there's usually not enough snowpack to feed the falls.
Even when all those pieces fall into place, you'll only see the falls light up if there's no cloud cover, and even then for only ten minutes in a day.
It looks like this year was a good one for firefall watchers. Below is a selection of shots from photographers who made the journey.
One of my photos from Yosemite National Park's annual 'Firefall.' For more info, pics, and… https://t.co/4fnppXWt7x pic.twitter.com/b30lSb3Cqs — Tom Bricker (@Tom_Bricker) February 15, 2017
Firefall, Yosemite National Park, California pic.twitter.com/aXDhSHH5ye — Ruby Lalor (@RedRose2201) February 15, 2017
Sangeeta Dey Photography ~ The Return of Firefall https://t.co/fWDhNIRApY pic.twitter.com/l9YWmAn6ZR — ricky st.john (@rickyst_john) February 15, 2017
Some things in this world remind you of just how magical this existence can be...and the #FireFall phenomenon that happens at Horsetail falls in #Yosemite is definitely one of them. I'll post soon about the serendipitous manner than allowed me to be here for such a remarkable event. Ahh. A deep breath in...Hold...and...ouuuut. It's a great day to be an Earthling. A post shared by Robert Kugler (@robkugler) on Feb 12, 2017 at 2:41pm PST
SOURCE: Yosemite Firefall
Follow Daniel Martins on Twitter
Oatmeal - Everything You Wanted to Know about Oats
"Marzidoats and dozidoats and little lamzidivie,
A kiddeldie divey too, wouldn't you?"
A Counsel On Oats...
A tough, old cowboy once counseled his grandson that if he wanted to live a long life, the secret was to sprinkle a pinch of gunpowder on his oatmeal every morning.
The grandson did this religiously and lived to the age of 110.
He left four children, 20 grandchildren, 30 great grandchildren, 10
great great grandchildren and a 50 foot hole where the crematorium used to be.
Don't forget the Oats.
There are a few times in my life that I consider "... next to God experiences" and when I found out about oats and began eating them, this was one of those times. I had been vegetarian for a few months at least, maybe a year, eating nothing but raw veggies, salads, fruit and fruit juices. I took a course on "whole foods" and learned about Steel Cut Oats. I began eating them and everything just "straightened out" in my life. Blood sugar was more balanced, I became even more regular and I began to put on some muscle. I began with "Bob's Steel Cut Oats" which take about 20 minutes to prepare. Now I eat "Bob's Scotish Oatmeal" which is a much faster cooking time.
To this day, I begin each morning with scottish oatmeal and on my re-feed days, have up to 4 servings of oatmeal. Oatmeal is my friend and it should be yours too!
Ode To Oats
We have not succeeded in answering all your problems. The answers we have found only serve to raise a whole set of new questions. In some ways we feel we are as confused as ever, but we believe we are confused on a higher level and about more important things.
If you come across a good recipe using oats or more "Oat Facts" that I have failed to list here, let me know and I will be happy to post it!
So to start off, here is all I have learned to date about this wondrous little grain:
Oats are the third leading cereal crop produced in the United States (after wheat and corn) and the fourth most important crop world-wide. They were once considered a weed which grew right with the barley and wheat. One day farmers decided to "join 'em rather than fight 'em," and oats started being planted as a crop by itself. It fares best in cool, moist climates, which is why they are such a popular staple of the British Isles like Scotland, Ireland and Wales. The grain was introduced into the Americas in 1602 by a sea captain who planted them in one of the islands off the coast of Massachusetts. They were a popular grain, but corn had a better yield per acre crop, so their popularity wasn't as great as corn. Today, nearly half of the world's oat crop--more than 4 billion bushels a year--is grown in the United States and Canada.
While we feed most of our oats to our animals, a look into Scottish cookbook to see the variety of ways that oats are presented to eat to get your mind off having to have it only in the form of oatMEAL. That is what we will do below here.
Nutrient Values and Virtues of Oats
Oat kernels look very much like wheat in structure. They have an outer covering of bran which protects the starchy endosperm and the germ that sits at the bottom of the grain. Because the oat kernel is soft, the nutritious bran is not removed. Whole grain oats contain seven B vitamins, vitamin E, and nine minerals, including iron and calcium. The quality and quantity of the protein in oats is far superior to that of wheat and most other grains. One ounce of oats has TWICE the protein of wheat or corn flakes. But the most important nutritional advantages are the soluable fiber and the GLA (gamma linoleic acid).
The soluable fiber is what gives it the gummy texture, and it helps lower cholesterol levels in the blood. GLA is considered an "activated" essential fatty acid. Very small amounts of it fill the metabolic pipelines and allow the body to make other essential fatty acids, and all this is part of the hormonal control aspects of the Zone Diet as described by Dr. Barry Sears in his first book, "Enter the Zone" (pp. 119-134, Reagan Books, Harper Collins, 1995).
Sears reccomends eating 3-5 bowls of oatmeal a week. This reccomendation has been the driving force in all the discussion questions, like "Is INSTANT oatmeal okay?" and "Do I have to eat it every day?" and comments like "I HATE oatmeal!" I think that the limitations on our imagination for the use of OATS has been part of the problem, and I hope that this will be a continually growing page to fill your mind and imagination with more ways to get your GLA than in a bowl with brown sugar and milk!
Forms of Oats
Oat grains are enclosed in two tough husks that must be removed. The grains are cleaned and toasted, husked and scoured, resulting in whole oat kernels called GROATS. These contain nearly all the original nutritional value of the grain. Oat groats are much softer and quicker cooking than wheat berries, and can be used in many other meals that breakfast, which I hope to demonstrate through the recipes found here. They are not refined before or after processing, so they retain most of their nutrients regardless of the form in which they are eaten (according to Jane Brody in her book "Good Food Book." Sears says this is not so. It is up to you to decide from the information that follows.
Whats The Difference Between Steel Cut Oats and Scottish Oatmeal?
Here is where everyone goes nuts. What is a groat, steel cut, Scotch, Irish or instant oat? Or a GROAT, for that matter??? Whenever anyone asks the question from now on, send them here for the answer! Remember, 3 Tbs. uncooked ROLLED OATS equals one carbohydrate block,but because STEEL CUT OATS are denser, they only require 2 Tbs.--but check your package just in case, remembering that you have 9 grams of carbohydrates to one carb block AFTER you subtract the dietary fiber ! 1/3 cup cooked also equals one carbohydrate block.
Steel Cut Oats
Steel Cut Oats or Irish Oats- These are groats which have been cut into two or three pieces. Cooking time is considerably longer than for rolled oats. This is the variety that I began with but have now switched from. Typical cooking time for Steel cut oats or Irish oatmeal is about 20 minutes.
Steel cut oats are bigger pieces of oatmeal.
Scottish Oatmeal
Scottish Oatmeal - is very similar to Steel Cut Oats, but are cut a lot more and much finer. They seem to cook much quicker, in about 5 minutes instead of 20.
Scottish Oatmeal is cut more and is a finer version with smaller pieces of oatmeal.
Rolled Oats
Old Fashioned Rolled Oats - These are made by steaming the groats and flattening them with a roller. The Quaker Old Fashioned Rolled Oats are very thinly rolled, as are the store varieties by the same title. If you look hard, however, you can often find rolled oats that are twice as thick as the Quaker variety, and these make a lovely, less creamy version of oatmeal than the Quaker ones do. Quaker sets the industry standard, so theirs is considered REGULAR Old Fashioned Rolled Oats. If they are thicker, they are called THICK Old Fashioned Rolled Oats.
Quick-cooking rolled oats -- These are made by flattening pre-cut groats. They cook in about 5 minutes.
Instant Oats- are usually packaged with salt and sugar. Don't indulge in the empty calories!
Oat Groats
Oat Groats - Whole grain of the oat, with only the outer hard husks removed, then toasted.
Oat Flour- You can make it yourself by grinding rolled oats in a food processor or blender. Oat flour adds lovely flavor to breads and because of certain natural preservative in the oats themselves, it improves their shelf life. Oats contain no gluten, which is needed for bread to rise, so it must be mixed with a gluten-containing flour such as wheat. Substitute 1 of every 5 parts of wheat flour with oat flour. If your recipe is for a quick bread, no addition of other flours is necessary.
Oat sprouts - oat groats are very easy to sprout! Sprouting increases their nutritive values. Add them to sandwiches, salads, stir-fry and soups. Chop them and add them to your bread dough.
Commercial Cereals - Amazingly, Cheerios are made from oat flour and wheat starch, and Brody contends that they too are a nourishing cold cereal. A bit high in sodium (330 mg in 1-1/4 cup (1 ounce) compared to 1/4 cup cottage cheese which has about 440 mg sodium), there is only 19.6 grams of carbohydrates in one ounce serving with 2 grams of dietary fiber. The only cereal that leaves me hungrier faster is Grape Nuts by Post, so there is a lesson in there somewhere. Remember that as with everything, the better the quality of the food that you put into your body, the better your body. I buy organic as much as possible. Bob's products come in organic as well as non-organic versions.
Granolasare simply overrated if you buy the commercially produced one. They just have way too much sugar and way too much trans fatty acids.
Which form of oats should I buy?
Anytime you do ANYTHING to food besides "pick it off the stalk," you have processed it. Sears uses the term and says some of the oats are too processed, while Brody contends that oats are NOT processed, Brody meaning that the nutrients are not removed like they are in other grains. Our concern should be how much is done to the food item to break down the cell structure of the carbohydrate food. One way this can be done by cooking the food item. Cooking means that you have subjected it to heat, water or chemicals to break down the cell structure or inactivate certain enzymes. You can "cook" food by chemically altering it (like fresh seafood being "cooked" by adding lime juice to it). The longer the cooking time, the greater the breakdown of the cell walls, and the faster that food can enter your blood stream and the faster your body will react to it by producing insulin to break down the carbohydrates (sugars) into simple, readily useable forms.Some grains you can begin the "cooking" process by soaking them, but even with the increase in size because of rehydration, the starch in the carbohydrate has not broken down and the food item will still taste...green. Raw.
What you are looking for is breaking down the starches just enough to make them tasty and easy to digest, but not so long that they become unfavorable, i.e. high on the glycemic index. So in Zoning terms, this means that the same food, cooked for longer periods of time, will have a higher glycemic reaction (insulin producing) than that same food cooked for a short time or not at all. The higher the glycemic response, the higher the insulin level and blood sugar level will rise, and since what goes up must come down, your blood sugar level will fall equally low. The idea of Zoning is to keep your blood sugar level fairly stable: not too high, not too low. The low blood sugar is what will start up your cravings. The over production of insulin is what is going to slap that fat onto your thighs (and belly and fanny...). Therefore the less you break down your foods, the less the glycemic reaction will be, the more stable your blood sugar will remain.
So what form of oats should you buy? Sears says that it should be the kind that cooks in nothing less than 30 minutes. That would be groats, steel cut (and the various names) and Thick Old Fashioned Rolled Oats.
Simple Cooking Instructions for Oatmeal
Oat Groats - Use two cups liquid -- water, milk, broth, stock -- and bring to a boil. Add one cup of oat groats (the whole kernel) and lower heat, simmer for about 45 minutes. This may also be done quite successfully using a rice cooker. 3 Tbs. raw equals one carbohydrate block. These cook well in a crockpot on low overnight, but you may want to increase the liquid 3 to 1, liquid to oats.
Old Fashioned Rolled Oats - Following package directions, you can cook them 2 parts liquid to one part oats, and simmer for about 5 minutes. If you are in a hurry in the morning, try mixing them up with liquid the night before with Vanilla and Cinnamon. Then it takes less than a minute to heat them in the microwave.
Steel Cut Oats - Package directions will tell you to cook them for 15 minutes, but you may want to try bringing them to a boil for 5 minutes, then turning off the heat and covering them for an additional 10 minutes. These also do well in the crockpot on low, overnight. Add liquid 3 to 1.
Oat FAQ's
1. Can I eat oats RAW? Yes. They will not be as "sweet" as cooked oats, because heat breaks down the starch in oats into a sugar, but if you like them that way, they still have the same nutritional value. The fact is that you can add rolled oats into water that is no hotter than 110 degrees and they will still be considered "raw", i.e. a live food with all it's enzymes intact to aid in digestion and nutritional assimlation.
2. What's the difference between instant, rolled, Old Fashioned, and thick rolled oats? How far apart the rollers are set. No other prep work is done to the oat. The thinner the rolling, the quicker the oats cook because of the greater surface area of the grain. That's why my favorite way to cook oats is not to boil the grain itself, but to boil the water, add it to the oats and cover them, letting them set for 3-5 minutes. 1 part boiling water to 1 part rolled oats is a good ratio to start with. Add more or less water to suit your tastes.
Oatmeal Texas
Unrelated to oatmeal the food, there is a town in Texas called Oatmeal. It's 56 Miles northwest of Austin putting it nearly smack dab in the very middle of the state. I'm not sure if they eat oatmeal in Oatmeal, but it's a curious fact nonetheless (or maybe not).
Conclusion
One of the single best decisions I've ever made is to eat oats. It's been going on 15 20 years now since I began and I dont' think it will ever stop. Years ago, I did a bunch of research into oats and oatmeal and found a very funny quote that I now repeat whenever someone brings up oatmeal:
An Englishman and a Scotsman were discussing oats. The Englishman, with his nose in the air said "In England we feed oats to our horses, and in Scotland you feed oats to your men...", to which the Scotsman replied "...that's why in England you have such fine horses and in Scotland we have such fine men!"
Coming Soon
and just to dispel any misconceptions, I'm of English, Scotish and Irish heritage.
Over the years, this article on oatmeal has gotten enormous amounts of attention. I'm going to write a few more articles about oats including:
How To Make Oat Milk (and a little history on oat milk)
Why You Want To Soak Your Oats Before Cooking
How To Make Oat Sprouts, for yourself and your pets
How To Make Oat Flour
Other Oats information
... and of course, all sorts of oatmeal recipes.
Bob's Red Mill - Oats and other whole grain products
Oats and blood glucose
Beijing fumes as Taiwanese president declares intent to ‘walk on the international stage' after stopovers in the US where she met Republicans
China threatens to 'take off the gloves' if Trump rips up status quo on Taiwan
China has stepped up its rhetoric against Donald Trump, with a Communist party-controlled newspaper declaring Beijing will have no choice but to “take off the gloves” if the incoming president insists on tearing open a Pandora's box over Taiwan.
Taiwan's assertive president, Tsai Ing-wen, meanwhile declared her country's determination to “walk on the international stage” after two stopovers in the US that angered Beijing.
The China Daily warned on Monday that Beijing needed to ready itself for a “costly” battle with the property tycoon after he takes office on 20 January. An editorial said Trump's repeated threats to abandon the “one China” policy could no longer be dismissed as “bluster or miscalculation” but instead appeared to be a deliberate and intolerable ploy designed to extract concessions from Beijing.
“If Trump is determined to use this gambit on taking office, a period of fierce, damaging interactions will be unavoidable, as Beijing will have no choice but to take off the gloves,” warned the China Daily, which the Chinese government uses as an international mouthpiece for its views.
The editorial was accompanied by a cartoon of Trump brandishing a hand grenade labelled “Trump's China Policy”.
Tom Phillips (@tomphillipsin) The @ChinaDailyUSA says Beijing should prepare to 'take off the gloves' with @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/hEYirHkCxw
An editorial in the Global Times, a ferociously nationalist party-run tabloid, accused Trump of behaving like “a rookie” whose “amateurish” foreign policy steps threatened to plunge the world into chaos.
“We find him risible,” the newspaper said.
Under a nearly four-decade old policy, the United States has acknowledged Beijing's position that there is only one China. The US has formal ties with China rather than the island of Taiwan, which Beijing sees as a breakaway province to be reunified with the mainland one day.
After attacking China repeatedly during the election campaign, Trump has continued in the same vein with critical Twitter messages over its alleged currency manipulation, military moves in the South China Sea, and for not doing enough to restrain North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes.
Beijing had called on Washington to prevent Tsai's two stopovers on US soil and uphold the “one China” policy. China has regularly voiced its fury with Trump since he spoke by phone with Tsai after winning the US presidential election. It was the first time a US president or president-elect had spoken to Taiwan's leader since “one China” became the official diplomatic status quo in 1979.
On Sunday, Tsai was making no apologies as she returned to Taiwan from her trip to the Americas, which included US meetings with Texas Republican Senator Ted Cruz and state governor Greg Abbott, as well as a visit to the headquarters of Twitter in San Francisco.
Tsai said the trip, which took her on to Central America, elevated the island's international profile.
“Our first objective [of this trip] was to consolidate our state friendships and allow Taiwan to walk on the international stage,” Tsai said at Taiwan's international airport upon her return.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tsai Ing-wen waves to supporters ahead of her departure from California bound for Taiwan. Photograph: Stephen Lam/Reuters
She said she had bilateral talks with four heads of state in Central America. “We also grasped the opportunity during our short transit time in the United States to visit industries and talk with important people in America,” Tsai said.
US officials had said Tsai's transit stops were based on longstanding US practice and Tsai's office had characterised her meetings there as private and unofficial.
Body of Evidence Against Clinton Growing, Indictment Inevitable
Judge Napolitano: New evidence will lead DOJ to Hillary Clinton indictment
By Matthew Wisner | White House | FOXBusiness
Watch the latest video at video.foxbusiness.com
Weiner emails create new troubles for Hillary Clinton
Judge Andrew Napolitano, Fox News senior judicial analyst, argues new emails found on Anthony Weiner's computer will lead to Hillary Clinton's indictment if the FBI reopens the case.
Judge Andrew Napolitano, Fox News senior judicial analyst, weighed in on the report, telling FOX Business' Stuart Varney on “Varney & Co.,” “The significance is an FBI acknowledgement that Huma Abedin, Mrs. Anthony Weiner, when she had a top security clearance as the number two assistant to Hillary Clinton when Hillary was Secretary of State, regularly sent copies of sensitive material to her own laptop so she could look at it at night, either knowing or forgetting that her husband had access to it as well.”
Napolitano said this gives insight into the State Department's casual approach to top secret documents under Hillary Clinton.
“This, yet again, shows the culture in the Hillary Clinton State Department of a cavalier attitude about the handling of government secrets. It also shows the FBI awareness of it. It also shows the president's frustration with it when in a tweet this morning he said ‘there she goes again, crooked Hillary, Jim Comey let her off the hook again.' Something I profoundly agree with him on.”
According to Napolitano the Justice Department needs to reopen the case against Hillary Clinton.
“But, he should pick up the phone and call Gen. Kelly and say, ‘I want you to call Jeff Sessions and Rod Rosenstein, Rosenstein's the number two person in the Justice Department, tell them to reopen this case and go wherever the evidence takes them, I'm not saying she should be indicted, go where the evidence takes them. The evidence will take them to an indictment,” Napolitano said.
___
http://www.foxbusiness.com/politics/2017/10/18/judge-napolitano-new-evidence-will-lead-doj-to-hillary-clinton-indictment.html
Like most Canadians with even a passing interest in hockey, Dennis Cholowski looks forward to the annual ritual of watching Team Canada going for gold in the IIHF world junior championship.
Chances are the captain of the Prince George Cougars will be watching this year's team burst through the pack all the way to the gold-medal game in Buffalo.
article continues below
Ever since the tournament officially started in 1977, Canada has won it 16 times, more than any other country, and has achieved runner-up status nine times, including last year's shootout loss to the United States in the final.
That history of hockey success never fails to boost Cholowski's national pride but he can't help but think about how close he came to helping Team Canada write the next chapter. The 19-year-old Langley native was one of 10 defencemen invited to the world junior team camp last week in
St. Catharines, Ont., but was cut from the team Thursday.
"It was fun, I enjoyed it," said Cholowski.
"Seeing those guys before, I got to hang out with them a little bit and obviously the result wasn't the way I wanted it to be, but what am I going to do now. For sure it'll be bittersweet, I'll get to watch it but obviously I'd like to be there and it's frustrating at the same time."
Cholowski practiced twice with the world junior team and played two exhibition games against a U Sports (university) all-star team.
"I thought I played really well but I guess I can't do anything about the result now," said Cholowski on Wednesday from Omaha, Neb., where he's visiting his girlfriend Brooke. "I'm just going to go back to Prince George and focus on the season."
Cholowski knew he was in tough to crack the roster with three returning defencemen - Jake Bean (Calgary Hitmen), Kale Clague (Brandon Wheat Kings), Cal Foote (Kelowna Rockets). D-men Cale Makar (Boston University), who went fourth overall in the 2017 NHL draft to Colorado, and former Penticton Vee, Dante Fabbro (Boston University) also survived the cuts.
Fabbro hurt his foot stopping a shot in a college game and attended the Hockey Canada camp but has been shut down for the pre-tournament games and has been replaced by Josh Mahura (Regina Pats), who had been cut on Friday. A final decision on Fabbro's tournament eligibility will be made before the roster is submitted on Dec. 24.
After missing one Cougar game, Cholowski returned to the lineup Friday in Kent, Wash., where they lost 5-3 to the Seattle Thunderbirds. They Cats went on to lose 4-0 in Everett on Saturday and suffered a 2-0 defeat Sunday afternoon to the Vancouver Giants in Langley, Cholowski's hometown.
"The Everett one wasn't our best game but the other two we deserved a better fate for sure," said Cholowski. "We played really well and worked hard against Seattle and Vancouver and just didn't get the bounces. If we play like that in the second half (of the season) we'll be alright."
The Cougars (12-17-3-2) currently rank last in the Western Conference but are just five points behind Seattle for the final wild-card playoff spot, with 38 games remaining on the schedule. The Cats will gather for practice at CN Centre on Dec. 26, then head to Victoria for games against the Royals Dec. 27 and 28. They also play back-to-back games in Vancouver, Dec. 30 and Jan. 1 before returning home.
Drafted 20th overall in the 2016 NHL draft by the Detroit Red Wings, Cholowski gave up his three remaining seasons of college eligibility when he signed an entry-level contract with Detroit over the summer and joined the Cougars, who picked him in the 10th round of the 2013 bantam draft.
Cholowski's participation in the world junior camp was not his first national team/international hockey experience.
In 2015, when he was still with the Chilliwack Chiefs of the BCHL, Cholowski, Fabbro, Makar, Tyson Jost and Blake Hayward (who now plays for the Prince George Spruce Kings) were part of the Canada West team that won gold at the World Junior A Challenge in Coburg, Ont. They beat Russia 2-1 in the final.
In November, Cholowski played for Team WHL in the 2017 CIBC Canada-Russia Series and had one assist in two games.
Now one of the highest-scoring defencemen in the WHL, Cholowski has thrived as a first-year Cougar. Through 31 games, he has eight goals and 19 assists for 27 points and is third in team scoring, just two points behind Cougars' points leader Jared Bethune.
Known as a strong two-way defender with the ability to generate offence with his fluid skating stride and puckhandling skills, Cholowski has been give free reign to go deep into enemy territory when he thinks the time is right. While he sometimes gets caught at the blueline, creating an odd-man rush the other way, Cholowski is usually fast enough on his feet to atone for his mistakes.
"It's really just trying to find the perfect balance right now between offence and defence," he said. "I try to be as offensive as I can whenever I can. I'm going to try to be a leader on and off the ice. The last couple games we haven't scored any goals so I'm going to try to ramp up the offence and generate some more goals and try to stay sound defensively. Goaltending is probably the most important position and our goalies have been playing well lately and if they can keep that up I think we'll start stringing some wins together."
The younger son of John and Natalie Cholowski says it's been a smooth adjustment playing for the Cougars, where he feeds off the knowledge passed down by two former NHL defenceman - head coach Richard Matvichuk and assistant Shawn Chambers.
"I'm really enjoying it in Prince George, I really like the coaches and the players are all really nice too," Cholowski said.
"It's great having two former NHL'ers and Stanley Cup winners, that's always going to help. They're really nice guys, really laid back, but at the same time if you do something wrong they're going to tell you."
The WHL trade deadline is fast approaching on Jan. 10 and the Cougars will play seven games leading up to that date before they have to decide if they want to make any moves. Trading Cholowski, who will likely turn pro next season, to a team loading up for an extended playoff run this spring could give the Cougars a valuable younger asset or two to contribute to the team for next two or three seasons.
"You try to not let those thoughts get in your head, you just try to focus on what the team's doing now, but you never know what can happen," said Cholowski.
Team Canada played the Czech Republic in a pre-tournament game Wednesday in London, Ont., and will face Switzerland Friday in Hamilton. The Canadians open the tournament Dec. 26 against Finland.
Cougars winger Vladimir Mikhalchuk and Team Belarus open against Sweden at
11 a.m. PT on Dec. 26.
The atmosphere Thursday night was just like fans wanted it to be: like a regular season game. At the first training camp practice open to the public at Invesco Field at Mile High since 2004, fans drank beer, ate nachos and even booed. It seems like football season has already started.
The Broncos' organization didn't expect an overwhelming number of fans for the practice. But 13,402 showed up to watch what the team has been working on as the season draws closer.
“It's a whole new offense. It's a whole new coach. It's a whole new organization, and it's novel,” said Bill Lugsch, who has had Broncos season tickets for the past 47 years. “There's going to be a lot of interest.”
People continued to show up long after the gates opened at 5:30 p.m., many having to snake their way past the long concession lines. Because only 3,000 people were expected, only two concession stands were operating. Later, a few extra beer stands were opened.
But the lines didn't deter fans from sitting in the pleasant weather, close to the field, to get a sneak peek at the team. For some, this was the only time they would be at the stadium to watch the Broncos, citing the price to get in — free — as the reason they were able to attend.
“The Broncos did right by the fans,” Justin Colgrove said after the practice.
For Craig Sinsabaugh, the practice was a highlight of his trip from Albuquerque.
“Denver fans need a reason to get excited,” he said, noting the mood appeared to be great in the seats.
Although all training camp practices have been open to the public, this was the first time so many people in one venue have seen the new coach, the new offense and the new quarterback.
And some weren't extremely pleased with Kyle Orton's abilities.
“We're optimistic that he got all of his bad throws out tonight,” Patrick Sullivan said. “I'm glad it was practice.”
The boos started after two throws by Orton were picked off.
In a town where fans live for that 16-game season, they are longing for a team they can be proud of, especially after the coaching turmoil and quarterback drama during the offseason.
“I'm an optimist,” Rick Martinez said. “I'm going to say 10-6 (record). I'm just talking with my heart.”
The beer was cold and the orange and blue T-shirts were out. The fans got a preview and are ready to see their team in game action.
Anica Wong: 303-954-1720 or awong@denverpost.com
This article has been corrected in this online archive. Originally, due to a reporting error it had an inaccuracy regarding the historical context of the Broncos practice at Invesco Field. It was the team's first practice at the stadium that was open to the public since 2004.
In previous articles, Bunnies wrote about how to get the most out of your IPC, some of the dangers in thinking only of the immediate IPC payout of an action, and some of the common mistakes players make when thinking about probable outcomes. In this article, Bunnies defines then describes tactics as they apply to Axis and Allies Spring 1942.
TACTICS
Tactical level thinking is about the effective use of all available resources. In past articles of this series, we have considered battles for single territories, considering unit cost, attack, and defense, but we have not yet considered other properties of units, the map, turn order, or the deterrent factor.
TANKS AND MOBILITY
If the game map consisted of a string of territories like a string of pearls, the game would be about a straightforward clash between armies, with each army pushing forward or being pushed backward, the only consideration being strength of offense and strength of defense.
But the game map is a web of territories connected at different points. An army that is strong but slow cannot use its strength at all the different points on the web.
Tanks can do what infantry and artillery cannot because tanks can move two spaces, infantry and artillery only one. For example, suppose Germany had a stack of infantry and tanks on Eastern Europe, that Russia had a stack of infantry and tanks on West Russia, and that Karelia, Belorussia, and Ukraine were being attacked and controlled by Germany on the German turn, then Russia on Russia's turn, and so on.
Suppose Russia fails to take control of Ukraine on the Russian turn. Germany can then use tanks to blitz through Ukraine and attack West Russia or Caucasus. This option would be completely unavailable to Germany if Germany only had infantry and artillery. Infantry and artillery are more cost efficient attackers than infantry and tanks, but the movement range of tanks makes tanks far more useful tactically.
The movement range of tanks makes them much more useful on defense as well. Suppose UK and US both have fleets of transports in the north Atlantic that they can use to attack Western Europe, Germany, or Eastern Europe. German tanks on Eastern Europe help defend Eastern Europe from Allied invasion, and also threaten any Allied landing in Western Europe. Contrast with the case if Germany had only artillery but no tanks on Eastern Europe. Without tanks on Eastern Europe, the Allies could land on Western Europe without having to worry about a strong German counterattack.
AIR UNITS
Air units have unique strengths. Flight lets an air unit reach its target regardless of obstacles that stop ground and naval reinforcements. Air units retreat to safety after attacking, can attack either naval or ground targets, and have good range. Fighters can be used for naval and ground defense. Bombers can strategic bomb regardless of an opponent's strength. But air units also have unique weaknesses. They are vulnerable to antiaircraft guns, and cannot fortify newly occupied territory.
NAVAL UNITS
Transports are useful solely for transporting cost-efficient ground units. They are particularly useful for the tremendous threat range they give to ground units they carry. Transport near London can unload to Algeria, Western Europe, Germany, Eastern Europe, Karelia, Norway, or Archangel.
Destroyers are the cheapest naval unit capable of blocking enemy fleet movement and that can be used as fodder against enemy air or naval attack.
Submarines are the cheapest naval unit. They are excellent on attack considering their cost, but are not much use on defense because of their low defense and inability to hit air units. Subs cannot be hit by enemy air unless the air is attacking along with a destroyer, so subs can often be used to control sea zones even if an opponent has plenty of air power. The fact that subs can only hit naval units can be used to a player's benefit. If subs attack a battleship, carrier, and fighters, the defender must lose the expensive battleship or carrier instead of the cheaper fighters, because subs can't hit fighters.
Carriers have the ability to carry fighters. A carrier-fighter combination gives the most defensive hitting power for IPCs spent. Fighters can be used against ground targets or can leave a fleet entirely if needed.
Battleships and cruisers are not suitable for most games of Spring 1942. The support shot ability is useful when attacking into superior numbers, when a player doesn't want to commit valuable tanks and artillery to an attack, and/or when the defending territory has an antiaircraft gun. The ability of battleships to heal between combats is useful in some situations. But considering the situations likely to come up in any given game of Spring 1942, destroyers, carriers, and fighters are almost always much more effective.
TURN ORDER
A player can use the turn order to get more use out of units than normal.
Sequential attack is the simplest example. Suppose Germany defends Karelia with 10 infantry 8 tanks, that Russia holds West Russia with 10 infantry 4 tanks 2 fighters, and that UK can hit Karelia via amphibious assault with 5 infantry 3 tanks 2 fighters 1 bomber. If UK attacks Germany at Karelia, UK will probably fail. If Russia attacks Germany at Karelia, Russia will probably fail. But if UK attacks then Russia attacks, Russia will probably succeed, as the failed UK attack will likely inflict enough casualties on the Germans that Russia will be able to succeed.
Suppose Japan controls Persia and India with 1 infantry each. If UK attacks Persia, then Russian tanks at the Caucasus are cleared to hit India.
Suppose Japan controls Kazakh and Novosibirsk with 1 infantry each. US could attack each territory with 1 infantry and 1 air unit on the US turn. Even if US failed to take control of the territory, if US destroyed the Japanese infantry, Russia could blitz the territory on the Russian turn. Even if US failed completely, Russia could attack on the Russian turn. Either way, the Allies have a second chance at regaining control of Kazakh and Novosibirsk.
Defense can also be sequential. Suppose Germany takes control of a territory but doesn't have enough strength to hold that territory against Russian counterattack. Japan can fly fighters in on Japan's turn to reinforce the territory to make the Russian counterattack much more costly.
Sequential movement can extend fighter range. Suppose on UK's first turn it places a carrier in the sea zone northwest of UK. On the US turn, US can fly two fighters onto the UK carrier, and fly the US bomber to London. On UK's second turn, it can move the carrier to the sea zone west of Algeria, carrying the US fighters. On US's second turn, US can attack the German battleship and transport with those two fighters and the US bomber.
DETERRENT FACTOR
Suppose Germany holds Karelia with enough units to deter any Allied attack, and that over a few turns, Germany maintains control of Karelia, using a few units to trade Norway and Archangel, but keeping the bulk of the German units at Karelia. Although most of the units at Karelia are not actually used on attack or defense, their mere presence allows Germany to retain control of Karelia.
If Germany has enough power at Karelia, Russia may even retreat from West Russia.
This is the deterrent factor. A unit not actually involved in attack or defense is still useful because of the threat it poses.
Similarly, Germany can have a large airforce that will deter UK and US from landing ground unit in Europe via transports, or Japan can build subs that will deter the US from venturing deeper into the Pacific.
IN OUR NEXT EXCITING EPISODE
The next episode concludes this series of articles. Bunny defines strategy as it applies to Axis and Allies Spring 1942.
Spicer was the first to go, resigning the same day Scaramucci's was named. The fight with Priebus took longer to crest. On Wednesday, Politico obtained Scaramucci's personal financial disclosure through a routine request, but Scaramucci blamed Priebus for “leaking it,” lodging the accusation first in a tweet and then in a CNN interview Thursday morning. Later that day, The New Yorker published an interview in which Scaramucci railed against Priebus, calling him a felon and a “fucking paranoid schizophrenic.” (He also accused Bannon of engaging in autofellatio, presumably figuratively.) By Friday afternoon, Priebus was out.
It was an impressively fast act of revenge on Priebus for trying to block him, but Scaramucci soared too fast, too high. The interview was an embarrassment, even by the lowered standards of this administration. And for Kelly, who faces the task of whipping a fractious West Wing into place, Scaramucci—who had bragged about reporting directly to the president, bypassing the chief of staff—represented too loose a cannon. And so as fast as he arrived, Scaramucci was out, having self-destructed. It's been a rough season for Scaramucci, who sold his beloved hedge fund to work for Trump, got a top job, and then saw his marriage and job both crumble.
For those who have watched this administration closely, it's no surprise that the impetus for firing Scaramucci came not from Trump but from Kelly. Trump is, despite his catchphrase, extremely reluctant to fire anyone. Despite rocky relationships with many staffers—Trump has spent the last two weeks publicly ridiculing his own attorney general—most people who have left either the administration or his presidential campaign did so by resigning or after others insisted they leave, not because Trump himself told them they had to go. It is a tentative first sign that Kelly might be able to grasp the authority he needs to help get the White House functioning better.
The move leaves Trump once again without a communications director. The office has proven to have something of a curse. The first person named to the job, Jason Miller, withdrew before taking over. Spicer served on an interim basis until Mike Dubke was named to the post in February, but Dubke resigned in May after an ineffectual term. Spicer then once again stepped in until Scaramucci's appointment. It's unclear who will serve in the role now. Deputy Press Secretary Sarah H. Sanders was promoted to press secretary the same day Scaramucci took over.
Speaking to CNN on Thursday morning, Scaramucci acknowledged that while he had said he was like a brother to Priebus, some brothers had relationships like the one between the biblical brothers Cain and Abel, the former of whom slew the latter. Scaramucci did not say whether it was he or Priebus who represented Cain in that situation, but by Friday evening it appeared clear that Priebus was Abel. With the benefit of a few more days, it's now clear that the better analogy comes not from the Bible but from Sophocles' Antigone, and the cases of Eteocles and Polyneices—mutual fratricides, killed on the battlefield of a civil war.
This is a big deal: Vodafone has today pledged to cap its international roaming costs at $5 per day for certain countries around the world to kill bill shock for customers using data overseas.
Image: Getty
Vodafone has just announced that anyone travel to the United States, United Kingdom or New Zealand will have their international roaming costs capped at $5 per day when they roam.
This means that instead of being charged astronomical data and call charges when travelling, you'll only be capped at $5 per day on top of your bill. These caps will only work on new plans Vodafone plans to announce later on in August, however. Stay tuned for more about those soon.
It's also worth noting that excess charges will come into effect if you go over the limits set out in your plan.
This makes quite a lot of sense, considering that the Vodafone brand is live in 28 different markets (although the US partner is AT&T).
Vodafone hopes to challenge other carriers in the country like Telstra and Optus to do the same or similar to be more competitive when it comes to international roaming.
Vodafone Australia CEO, Bill Morrow, has said this morning that "they have plans" to extend it beyond countries other than those currently offered, but right now it's going to examine how the new capped roaming plan works before announcing an expansion.
A Russian billionaire who reportedly worked closely with former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort took out ads in multiple major U.S. newspapers Tuesday, offering to be interviewed by congressional committees investigating Russia's meddling in the U.S. election.
The House Intelligence Committee said it has yet to hear from Oleg Deripaska, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, directly.
Deripaska made the offer after the Associated Press published a story detailing the $10 million lobbying contract he negotiated with Manafort for work to “greatly benefit the Putin Government.”
In ads published in the Washington Post and Wall Street Journal, Deripaska strenuously denied the AP's report.
“I have never made any commitments or contracts with the obligation or purpose to covertly promote or advance ‘Putin's Government' interests anywhere in the world,” the ad read, calling the article “fake news.”
“I am ready to take part in any hearings conducted in the US Congress on this subject in order to defend my reputation and name,” it continued.
The witness list grows: Deripaska, Russian oligarch and one time Manafort business partner, offers to testify pic.twitter.com/qGqH33g5fg — Michael Isikoff (@Isikoff) March 28, 2017
Jack Langer, a spokesman for House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA), told TPM that Deripaska has not contacted the panel.
“We haven't heard from Deripaska to my knowledge,” he said in an email.
Manafort offered to be interviewed by the committee after the AP published its report. Carter Page and Roger Stone, two other former Trump campaign advisers who allegedly had ties to officials or operatives in Russia, have sent letters to the committee offering to be interviewed as well.
The House Intelligence panel's investigation virtually ground to a halt this week, and none of those interviews appear to have been scheduled. Democrats and some Republican lawmakers charge that Nunes compromised the committee's work with his overly close relationship to the Trump administration.
6 years ago
Hempstead, New York (CNN) - Give a slight edge to President Barack Obama.
Forty-six percent of voters who watched Tuesday night's presidential debate said that the president won the showdown, according to a CNN/ORC International nationwide poll conducted right after Tuesday night's faceoff here at Hofstra University on New York's Long Island. Thirty-nine percent questioned said Republican nominee Mitt Romney did the better job.
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker
- Check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator and game out your own strategy for November.
Obama's seven-point advantage came among a debate audience that was somewhat more Republican than the country as a whole and is within the survey's sampling error.
The president's edge on the question of who won the debate appears to be the result of his much better than expected performance and his advantage on likeability. But the poll also indicates that debate watchers said Romney would do a better job on economic issues. And the two candidates were tied on an important measure - whether the showdown would affect how the debate watchers will vote. Nearly half said the debate did not make them more likely to vote for either candidate, with the other half evenly divided between both men.
Tuesday night's poll only reflects the view of voters who watched the debate, not the views of all Americans. The reactions of all voters across the country to the second presidential debate must wait until polls are conducted in the coming days.
Nearly three quarters of debate watchers felt that Obama performed better than they had expected, with just one in ten saying that the president did worse. Only 37% said that the former Massachusetts governor did a better job in the debate than they had expected, with 28% saying Romney performed worse than they had expected prior to the faceoff, and one in three saying he performed the same as they expected.
According to the survey, Obama had a 47%-41% edge on which candidate was more likeable. But on some key issues, Romney came out on top, including an 18-point lead on the economy.
"Mitt Romney was seen as better able to handle the economy, taxes, and the budget deficit among the debate audience, but it seems that issues were trumped, or at least blunted, by intangibles, including the expectations game," says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland.
By a 49%-35% margin, debate watchers thought that Obama spent more time attacking his opponent. The president was expected to be more forceful in attacking Romney following his lackluster performance in the first presidential debate in Denver two weeks ago.
Other questions showed little daylight between the two candidates among debate watchers on some key characteristics. Romney had a 49%-46% edge on which candidate seemed to be the stronger leader and 45%-43% margin on who answered questions more directly, while Obama had a 44%-40% advantage on which man seemed to care more about the audience members who asked questions.
Debate watchers were divided on whether Romney offered a clear plan for solving the country's problems, with more than six in ten saying the president didn't offer a clear plan.
What will it all mean in November?
On that measure, the debate can best be described as a tie. One-quarter of debate-watchers said the event made them more likely to vote for Obama, and an equal amount said it made them more likely to vote for Romney. Half said it would have no effect on their vote.
The sample of debate-watchers in this poll was 33% Democratic and 33% Republican.
"That indicates that the sample of debate watchers is about eight points more Republican than polls taken among all Americans throughout 2012, so the debate audience was more Republican than the general public," added Holland. "This poll does not and cannot reflect the views of all Americans. It only represents the views of people who watched the debate."
The CNN poll was conducted by ORC, with 457 registered voters who watched the debate questioned by telephone after the end of the debate. The survey's sampling error is plus or minus 4.5 percentage points.
By a 37%-30% margin, a CBS News poll conducted after the second debate also indicated that Obama won the showdown.
- CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
Also on the CNN Political Ticker
- Colbert says he can't tell differences between Romney and Obama
- All tied up ahead of second Obama-Romney showdown
- Obama ad makes case for economic policies
- Romney message this week: 'A clear choice on debt and deficits'
- Largely hidden away, Obama reports debate prep 'going great'
Editor's note: This post has been updated with a statement from Davis' attorney
CNN said last week it had fired a senior producer on Jake Tapper's "State of the Union" show after what it said was a "comprehensive investigation" into what a network spokesperson said was related to sexual misconduct.
"A comprehensive investigation was conducted as soon as this matter was brought to our attention," CNN said in a statement. "The behavior attributed to Mr. (Teddy) Davis does not align with the standards and values of CNN and Mr. Davis is no longer with the company."
No further details about the allegations were released, but on Wednesday, Davis' attorney, Michael Weinsten, of Lavely & Singer, denied in a statement that the allegation was related either to a sexual harassment accusation or lewd behavior.
"My client was not accused of sexual harassment," Weinsten wrote. "Nor was he ever accused of any physical contact, language of a sexual nature or any sort of lewd conduct. While we are not going to get into details, out of respect for all those involved, this was something entirely different than what is being reported by some media outlets."
Tapper wrote in a tweet that he is fully supportive of the decision.
This tweet is accurate. When CNN executives were told about these complaints, they reacted swiftly and appropriately, as they should. Workplaces need to be safe and I am fully supportive of CNN's action. https://t.co/S4ZPNfTCPm — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) November 29, 2017
CNN's own reporting said that the network's investigation, citing a source with knowledge of the matter, had found that Davis had "at times made colleagues uncomfortable."
The news about Davis landed the same day that NBC fired longtime "Today" host Matt Lauer for alleged "inappropriate workplace behavior" and Minnesota Public Radio fired longtime "Prairie Home Companion" host Garrison Keillor.
Apple has just announced the numbers for what has proven to be another record quarter, yet compared to the numbers Cupertino was showing a year ago, Wall Street is worried that Apple's growth may have finally stalled. Are they nuts?
To help you make sense of Cupertino's incredible growth, here's a breakdown in easy-to-read chart form of everything from the growth of Apple's revenues, profit and cash hoards, to the rise and fall of Cupertino's various product empires.
We even have a comparison of how Apple did this quarter compared to how Wall Street prediced Apple would do. Usually, Apple does better than analyst predictions, but this time, they did worse. What does it mean?
Just a word of explanation. To make these charts as clear as possible, we are only comparing Apple's Q1 2013 data with their historic Q1 data. In other words, if we're comparing how many iPhones Apple sold last quarter, we're comparing it against how many iPhones sold in the same quarter a year ago, two years ago, etc. It's the easiest way to show year-over-year growth at a glance.
Our Wall Street vs. Apple chart uses the average predictions of Cupertino's Q1 2013 performance put forward by some of the most well-known analysts on the Street compared to Apple's actual performance. For more information on these numbers, see our post on Wall Street predictions.
Revenues grew year over year for Apple, but…
Profit's the same. Not good.
The iPhone is still the jewel in Apple's crown.
But the iPad, thanks to the introduction of the iPad mini, is catching up.
The iPod is continuing to decline as a product category for Apple. ..
And so is the Mac…
Wall Street expected much better performance from Apple this quarter.
CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government has been losing between Rs 600 crore and Rs 1,000 crore annually allegedly to bogus beneficiaries of various social security pension schemes, the state social justice and empowerment department has detected. The department has even stopped the pension of around 3.4 lakh beneficiaries who are suspected to be "fake".The government found that these 3.4 lakh beneficiaries were getting pension without providing Aadhaar details or were using a false Aadhaar number. In other cases, the beneficiaries were Aadhaar holders of other states and invalidly repeating the numbers (using it for multiple schemes at the same time).Out of a total of 23,16,944 beneficiaries, pension will be released to only 19,74,809 persons.As many as 3,42,135 beneficiaries have been found to be receiving the pension illegally. Officials say they were getting financial aid under nine different social security schemes including old age and disability pensions. Money released to these accounts in July was Rs 50.64 crore.The government has also identified nine lakh beneficiaries of these schemes whose names did not match with Aadhaar database and the government records. For the time being, however, their pension has not been stopped."The likely misappropriation of public money each year by way of wrongful transfers to ineligible and bogus beneficiaries is huge, between Rs 600-1,000 crores. The present exercise is aimed at preventing that," says a note received by the Haryana chief minister's office ( CMO ) from the department. Sources confirmed to TOI that the decision to stop the pension was taken following a brain-storming session on Tuesday which was attended by officials from Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), state electronic and information technology department, National Informatics Centre (NIC), social justice and empowerment and other related departments.The meeting, headed by the principal secretary (social justice and empowerment) Ashok Khemka, also decided to carry out biometric based Aadhaar verification from January 1 to March 31 every year to weed out ineligible beneficiaries. This was decided after noticing that a large number of beneficiaries with valid Aadhaar are dead but continued to get pension.Khemka told TOI that as the trustee of public money , the department would not allow anyone to misappropriate the funds. "We found serious defects in the record of some beneficiaries and decided to verify them. Once verified, we would reactivate their accounts," he said.The bureaucrat took over the department a fortnight ago.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
The young man in the sepia-toned photograph wears a baggy suit and rests his hand on a chair back. Kept in a leatherbound scrapbook, a clipped newspaper headline pasted to the page shouts: “DEATH OF A NOTORIOUS OUTLAW.”
Could it be the Kid?
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
An Albuquerque educator who sold a purported photo of Billy the Kid at auction in 1994 for $50,000 owns the photo in the scrapbook and says it is another image of the young William Henry McCarty Jr., also known as Henry Antrim or William H. Bonney, aka Billy the Kid. Ray John de Aragon said he has spent years researching the photograph, a “carte de visite,” or pocket-sized picture that was popular in the late 1800s. It's mounted on cardboard and embossed with both a photographer's name, Lucas, and a location, Silver City, N.M.
Ever since an authenticated and widely accepted image of Billy the Kid sold at auction for $2.3 million in 2011, other alleged photographs of the young cattle rustler have come out of the woodwork. Most recently, a Mesilla Valley man, Joe Soebbing, had a friend reveal a photo he claims is of the Kid and buddy Dan Dedrick. The authenticity of the image has been backed by at least one forensic analyst but has also been questioned by historians.
“We have a pretty regular stream of people with photographs supposedly of Billy the Kid, or Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, or sometimes Abraham Lincoln,” said Rick Stattler, Americana specialist with the New York auction house Swann Galleries, which sold de Aragon's previous photograph. That means two to three people a month, he said.
The $2.3 million sale of the tintype photograph taken at Fort Sumner, in which the Kid packs an 1873 Winchester carbine rifle and Colt revolver – and smirks buck-toothed at the camera – “makes collectors more rabid for finding similar photos,” said Megan Friedel, curator of photography at History Colorado and an expert in visual history of the Old West.
“It makes people more willing to believe they do have a photo of Billy. At the same time, we should be more skeptical given that the motivations may not be very pure.”
Given how elusive the outlaw was in his own time, nearly every would-be photograph of Billy the Kid opens the door on an historical mystery. And an image of the Kid can be as tough to pin down as the Kid was himself.
Family treasures
At his home one recent weekend, de Aragon leafed through impeccably preserved photo albums that contain images of some of the most prominent characters of New Mexico's Old West, including portraits of Sheriff Pat Garrett, Gov. Lewis “Lew” Wallace, rancher John H. Tunstall and others.
His great-grandmother – a curandera, or healer, of Mora, who treated many personages of the day, including the Kid, according to family lore – began the collection. The albums were handed down to de Aragon's late father, Maximiliano de Aragon, who as a boy became an aficionado of Old West legends – most especially of Billy the Kid.
De Aragon says that a Las Vegas, N.M., neighbor, Bonifacio Baca Jr., gave the photo that could be of the Kid to his father in the 1930s. Baca Jr. had inherited the photo from his grandfather, Saturnino Baca, who de Aragon says was present during New Mexico's Lincoln County War, in which Billy the Kid figured prominently.
He says he believes without a doubt that it's the Kid in the picture and has a pile of research to boot, from forensic analysis of the young man's physical characteristics to historical evidence, that opens possibilities that the young man in the photo could well be the Kid. He says he hasn't spoken publicly about the photo previously because he wanted to complete his research.
Yet in authenticating coveted photos of the Kid, there are often as many skeptics as believers, and many more theories than hard conclusions.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“There is nothing visible in the image that proves that it can't be Billy the Kid,” said Robin Gilliam, former history curator of the Silver City Museum, who worked on a 1989 Lincoln County Heritage Trust project to locate and identify photos of Billy the Kid.
“At the same time, there is nothing in it that indicates that it is Billy the Kid,” she said. “It's a young man at about the right time with an inexpensive photographer's setup. The best most people can do is tell you that there is nothing in the clothing, photo studio, photographic process or physical features that proves things one way or another.”
‘Natural-born killer'
William Henry McCarty Jr. was born in New York and moved to Silver City with his mother as a boy, according to Colorado State Historian Bill Convery, who has a Ph.D. from the University of New Mexico in American Western history. He grew up poor in Silver City and started getting into trouble in his early teens, rustling cattle with a local band of troublemakers.
By his late teens, he found a job on John Tunstall's ranch in Lincoln County and got wrapped up in the tension that blew up between Tunstall and Lawrence Murphy, an organized crime boss who also operated a monopoly general store, when Tunstall tried to get into the dry goods trade.
“Billy was a natural-born killer,” Convery said.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Murders linked to the Kid catapulted him to local, then national, notoriety. While legend has it that the Kid killed 21 men – one for each year of his life – the historical record links four murders to him, Convery said.
News of the feud “becomes sensationalized because a newly appointed territorial governor, (Lew) Wallace, offers a bounty on the head of the Kid,” Convery said. “In New York, in Boston, in Chicago, the big newspapers were printing romanticized stories: Was Billy the Kid an outlaw or a hero? They took a breakdown of law and order and made it into a Robin Hood story.”
It was a time when the mass printing of dailies was gaining speed and stories of the Kid sold newspapers.
“People were thinking of the frontier as closing; they were losing this aspect of American history,” Convery said.
The war ignited in 1878; in 1880, when Garrett was named sheriff, he hunted down the Kid.
The itinerant photographer
De Aragon, an arts specialist in the Los Lunas school district teacher resource center and author of nine niche books on New Mexico history, says his photograph could have been taken by Harry W. Lucas during his travels, before he set up shop in Silver City in 1882. Other historians who have seen the photo say it could have been taken by an unknown photographer and reprinted by Lucas afterward, a common practice in the day.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
But all agree that, if the photo is of the Kid, it couldn't have been taken by Lucas in Silver City: Billy the Kid is believed to have died when he was 21 years old, shot dead by Garrett in 1881.
Susan Berry, an expert in historical photography who directed the Silver City museum for 27 years before retiring in 2010, exchanged dozens of emails with de Aragon in the autumn of 2012 after he sought her opinion on the photograph. She spent months investigating it, and their online debate explored the intricacies of Lucas' whereabouts in the 1870s and a range of possibilities for where and when the photo could have been taken.
Berry shared her conclusions with de Aragon by email: “Based on all available information, I must conclude that – if Billy the Kid is indeed the subject of your carte de visite – it has to be a copy print made by Lucas from an earlier print or negative. No evidence that I have found excludes that possibility. This photo could not have been taken by Lucas in Silver City, unless the subject is someone other than Billy the Kid.”
Gilliam notes “there is no arbiter” of authenticity other than the collective opinion of scholars and experts and the viewing public. De Aragon said it's up to the public to decide.
“I wanted to make it public,” he said, “because an additional photograph (of Billy the Kid) would belong to the world.”
You can keep up to date with progress on Another Castle on it's official site, http://www.AnotherCastleTheGame.com
Also, be sure to vote for Another Castle on Steam Greenlight!
Oh Noes! Your girlfriend / fire sword / ham and cheese sandwich is in Another Castle!
Another Castle combines classic platforming gameplay with the randomness of a roguelike. You play as Andy, a dude who's looking for a random item, whether it be a kick ass magical sword, a wizard hat, or royalty. To find the item you must run, jump, and fight your way through a randomly generated castle. When you beat the game, you sadly won't get the item, as it's always in another castle. Instead, the item is now unlocked and can be found in future playthroughs of the game.
You can try out an early prototype of the game at: http://www.AnotherCastleTheGame.com
More funding will allow me to add more content to the game. These stretch goals are what I'll be able to add:
$20,000: More Energy Types - In addition to the currently planned energy types of fire, ice, and lightning, I will include Spectral, Holy, and Unholy. This will add ghosts, zombies, ghouls, demons and angels to the game, as well as appropriately themed items. More energy types will also allow me to add three new environments to the game: Haunted, The Sky, and The Underworld.
$30,000: Weather System - I will add a weather system to the overworld that randomly changes after each level. This will create level variants such as sunny, sunset, nighttime, raining, snowing, and apocalypse. Some enemies and items will only appear or will behave differently in different weather conditions.
$40,000 Character Creator - I will add a character creator to the game, which will let you choose your character's look, as well as starting stats and abilities.
$50,000: Mounts - I will add a variety of mounts that you can ride in the game. Each of these mounts will have an appropriately themed special ability or control style, as well as custom level types that take advantage of the mount's abilities.
$75,000: More Playable Characters - I will add three additional playable characters to the game, which will also add custom items, enemies, and level elements for each character:
Alice - Andy's girlfriend. Well ex girlfriend, actually. Why'd you think he can't find her?
Manly Man - Alice's new love interest. Currently at war trying to rid the world of lizard people.
The Lizard President - Having successfully carried out his conspiracy to take over the world, The Lizard President enjoys mingling among his people. And by mingling I mean obliterating with ridiculously overpowered weaponry.
You can collect various items as you play to improve your character's stats and abilities. Items can also give bonuses and weaknesses based on the energy types of fire, ice, and lightning. Items are divided into the following categories:
Weapons - Everything from swords and axes, to crossbows and flamethrowers. Andy starts out with a humble yo-yo.
Spells - Magical abilities that are depleted after use and recharged with mana. Summon creatures, cast shields, levitate & more.
Clothing - Wearable items that affect your movement or give you resistances.
Consumables - One time use Items that provide various effects. Potions give your character a random effect, such as granting health or giving you super speed. Scrolls cast a random spell, such as freezing all enemies or summoning a creature.
All of the levels in Another Castle are randomly generated. This is done by handcrafting small level sections based on environment type and difficulty, and placing them together based on different algorithms to create a complete level. This method of generating levels allows them to provide surprises and to always feel fresh, while retaining the fun of a handcrafted experience.
There will be level generators based on different terrain types and climates. This includes frigid mountaintops, arid deserts, whimsical castles, blacklight volcanoes, mysterious caverns, outer space, and more. The level generator in the prototype only creates levels for a castle entrance. With your help I'll be able to create many more.
In addition to individual levels, there will be a randomly generated overworld. The overworld connects a random selection of levels, as well as secret paths, mini games, and item shops. The overworld ends with a castle level that doesn't contain the item you're looking for.
For $10, you get the finished game DRM free on Windows, Mac, Linux and Android, as well as access to alpha and beta versions of the game. For $15 you'll also get a copy of the Wii U version of the game. At $25 you get the deluxe version of the game, which includes a digital download of the soundtrack and a retro style instruction manual. The instruction manual will have information on every item and enemy in the game. It acts as a manual, strategy guide, and art book in one. For $35 you'll get an extra copy of the deluxe edition to give away. For $50 your name will be added to the credits as a supporter, scholar, and all around swell person. At $75 you get this neato limited edition t-shirt available exclusively to Kickstarter backers, in your choice of black or white:
Also, for just $25 you can add a t-shirt to ANY reward tier! International backers please add $10 extra for shipping. If you want both shirts you can add $50 to any tier, and for international backers I won't add the extra shipping twice, so you can get them both for $60.
At the higher reward tiers you can design an item to be added to the game. I'll have final say on whether to use your idea if it isn't technically feasible, infringes on someones intellectual property, or if it's NSFW, but I'll do my best to implement each idea in an awesome way. There will also be a special section at the top of the credits with your name next to an image of your item.
My name is David Byers, and I develop indie games under the company name of Uncade. I've released a few mobile games such as Kid Vector, Love Me Not, Blast Soccer, and Haunted Hallway. My games have been featured on various sites such as Eurogamer, AppAdvice, Slide To Play, 148Apps, Pocket Gamer, IndieGameMag, and IndieGames.com.
I'm an artist and a programmer, and I can also make some pretty funky chiptunes. I love game development because it lets me focus all of my artistic energy into one project. While I really enjoy making small scale mobile games, I've been wanting to work on a more ambitious project. Another Castle is that project, but I can't make it without your help.
Another Castle will be released on the Wii U, Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, and OUYA. All of the versions that can be DRM free, will be. I'm currently targeting iOS devices using the A5 chip, and the Galaxy Nexus on Android. Depending on how well I can optimize for mobile development I might have to raise the minimum requirements, likely to iOS devices using the A6 and Android devices using the Tegra 3 processor.
Alpha and beta versions of the game will be available on Windows, Mac, Linux and Android. If Another Castle gets accepted on Steam I'll also provide backers with a product key if possible.
For mobile gamers who love physical controls, the iOS version will be iCade compatible, and the Android version will have gamepad support.
Software Licenses - With the minimum funding amount I will be able to upgrade my Unity license to Unity 4 Basic. I'll also be able to get Qubicle Constructor to make voxel art. With more than the minimal funding I would like to upgrade to the pro version of Unity.
Development Devices - For the Wii U version of the game I need to get a development kit. I also need to get a widescreen iPod Touch and a retina capable iPad for testing.
Time -There's the pesky issue of affording food and shelter while I make the game. The funding goal gets me enough time to complete a minimally featured version of the game. Any extra funding will give me more time to work on the game, therefore giving you a bigger and better game. I've added some of the extras I'll be able to include in the game as stretch goals.
It's time those front-facing cameras on smartphones were used for more than just video chatting or taking low-resolution pictures: Pantech is adding software in its phones that will allow users to control the handset with gestures. The concept is similar to Microsoft's Xbox Kinect but on a smaller scale.
Pantech's new Vega LTE smartphones will be the first products to gain the technology, which is powered by eyeSight, an Israeli startup we highlighted in June of 2010. Using the eyeSight solution, handset owners will be able to use a gesture to answer a call, start music playback, control games and more. The idea is that the gesture interaction is useful when the smartphone is in a hands-free mode such as driving, cooking or when the phone is sitting in a dock.
Advertisement
Last year, when we first heard of eyeSight, the company's founder and CEO, Itay Katz, said this in the news release: “Users are looking for ways to ease, improve and enjoy their day-to-day interaction with their mobile phone, ideally aiming to gain effortless control of the device's applications and functions, which is where eyeSight's solution comes to place.”
While I'm not sold that the general public will take to gestures on smartphones like it has with the Xbox Kinect, I agree with Katz's sentiment about users looking for improved device interaction. For those who prefer a smartphone in a hands-free use case, eyeSight's solution should bring that improvement. But the smartphone is a device that is generally meant to be held. As such, I think there's a limited audience for gesture controls on a handset.
Still, the news that eyeSight's solution getting picked up by a hardware manufacturer — Pantech is one of Korea's top three handset makers — shows that some are willing to think outside the box when it comes to user interfaces on mobile devices. And it's not the only solution either: Take a look (or a listen?) at Siri on Apple's iPhone 4S and you'll see another example of a user interaction improvement.
Touch is still a key user interface on mobile devices, but with all the sensors in our smartphones, expect to see more of these forward-thinking ideas as devices begin to adopt what I call the “invisible interface.”
Paradox have announced War of the Vikings, an angrier, beardier standalone spin-off to Fatshark's War of the Roses . Vikings will also be a multiplayer battler, and will cast players as warring Norse and Saxon fighters. Set in the 9th and 10th Century, you'll fight to conquer or defend England through a variety of game modes, many of which will likely involve chopping up an unkempt man through the face and limbs.
Fatshark promise that weapons and environments will be historically accurate. Good thing, too. There's nothing worse than splitting an enemy's head with an anachronistic axe. As well as the main 64-player battles, the game will feature a "Pitched Arena" mode, with 32 fighters and no respawning, and training ground to let players test out the new builds. Players will also be able to customise the role within a squad, using custom perks. And, most importantly, "a variety of beard options" have been confirmed.
Alpha sign-ups are being taken through the War of the Vikings website . If you invite your own mini-horde of five friends, you'll be guaranteed access come the beginning of the trials.
War of the Vikings is due out early next year. As yet, Brian Blessed has not been confirmed .
Here are some screenshots:
Another way to read this is “the Yankees really do plan on re-signing Robinson Cano, but (a) they don't want to be left with their pants around their ankles in the event he bolts; and (b) even if he does want to come back, it's being nice to at least pretend we could go a different direction for bargaining purposes.” George King of the Post:
According to industry sources, general manager Brian Cashman has checked on second baseman Omar Infante during the period when teams and players could talk about everything but money. That ends Tuesday, when teams can negotiate dollars and free agents can sign.
It's been several months since we've been in hot-stove mode, so in case you forgot: everyone checks in with everyone on everyone. Sometimes it's significant, sometimes it isn't, but reporters who hear about it will always talk about it.
This one: I wouldn't consider it significant unless and until Cano is linked strongly with another team.
I opened up my inbox and saw and saw an e-mail subject line that read “Weather Channel Adds Feature Films to Network Schedule”. I immediately clicked on the headline thinking iI would find a link to another brilliant parody from The Onion, or maybe a video from FunnyOrDie or College Humor. I was surprised to discover that the e-mail was not a joke, but an actual press release.
That's right, The Weather Channel is going to start airing feature films, movies which are in some way weather themed, beginning with The Perfect Storm. Remember the days when you could turn on MTV and see music videos? Well it appears the days where you could tune into the Weather Channel for weather forcasts might be soon behind us as well. Not that I care that much. If I need a weather forcast, I'll go online, or turn on my iPhone and open the Weather app (yes, there is an app for that too…). I think it's more of the principal that bothers me, the idea of it all. And who is really going to tune to the Weather Channel to watch Misery? Really… Full press release after the jump.
THE WEATHER CHANNEL ADDS FEATURE FILMS TO NETWORK SCHEDULE
New Movie Series “The Weather Channel Presents…” Launches October 30 with George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg in The Perfect Storm
ATLANTA (October 20, 2009) – For the first time in its 27-year history, The Weather Channel® (TWC) will add movies to its programming schedule with “The Weather Channel Presents…” This new movie series launches Friday, October 30, with the TWC premiere of The Perfect Storm, starring George Clooney, which coincides with the anniversary of the ferocious “perfect storm” of 1991, on which the movie was based.
Following The Perfect Storm on Oct. 30, TWC will air feature films every Friday night in November. Weather plays a central role to the story, plot or overall theme in each of the movies selected.
TWC meteorologist Jen Carfagno will host the new series, introducing each film and providing relevant commentary.
“From the Nor'easter in The Perfect Storm to the tornado that takes Dorothy to Oz, weather has a long history as a film star,” said Geoffrey Darby, executive vice president of programming for The Weather Channel. “Adding films to our Friday night lineup is a great way for us to further demonstrate how weather is an all-encompassing part of our lives that entertains and inspires us.”
“The Weather Channel Presents…” will feature the following movies:
The Perfect Storm – Premieres Friday, Oct. 30, at 8 p.m. ET (18-year anniversary of the “perfect storm” on which movie was based)
* Based on actual events and Sebastian Junger's best-selling book, this dramatic story chronicles a group of Gloucester fishermen on their vessel's ill-fated journey into the North Atlantic, as they ignore warnings of a monster storm brewing with winds at 50-60 knots. Their captain, played by George Clooney, tries his best to save his crew and battle the fiercest storm of the 20th century. The film also stars Mark Wahlberg, Diane Lane and John C. Reilly.
* March of the Penguins – Premieres Friday, Nov. 6, at 8 p.m. ET
The 2006 Academy Award winner for Best Documentary Feature, this beautiful story narrated by Morgan Freeman chronicles the heroic, harrowing journey by emperor penguins amid subfreezing temperatures and violent snowstorms at the South Pole in order to hatch a new generation.
* Misery – Premieres Friday, Nov. 13, at 8 p.m. ET
When novelist Paul Sheldon, played by James Caan, crashes his car during a blinding snowstorm, he ends up writing to stay alive when “rescued” by obsessed fan Annie Wilkes (Kathy Bates in an Academy Award-winning role), who is less than hospitable when she finds out he has killed off her favorite character.
* Deep Blue Sea – Premieres Friday, Nov. 20, at 8 p.m. ET
A group of medical researchers finds themselves stranded aboard a remote marine laboratory working with genetically enhanced Mako sharks. With a tropical storm swirling around the now-sinking lab, the mutant sharks strike back at those who used them as lab rats. This action thriller stars Samuel L. Jackson and LL Cool J.
During “The Weather Channel Presents…,” viewers will continue to receive their localized weather forecasts throughout the film, where it can be seen on the lower portion of the screen in addition to any severe weather alerts or warnings.
To learn more about the series and other TWC programming, visit www.weather.com/tv.
###
About The Weather Channel Companies
The Weather Channel, a 24-hour weather network, is seen in more than 99 million U.S. households. The Weather Channel reaches more than 40 million unique users online per month through weather.com and products including The Weather Channel Desktop, making it the most popular source of online weather, news and information according to Nielsen//Net Ratings. The Weather Channel also operates The Weather Channel HD; Weatherscan, a 24-hour, all-local weather network; The Weather Channel Radio Network; and is the leading weather information provider for emerging technologies. This includes broadband and interactive television applications and wireless weather products including the most popular content site on the Mobile Web. The Weather Channel Companies are owned by a consortium made up of NBC Universal and the private equity firms The Blackstone Group and Bain Capital.
In a week of great highs and lows for civil rights, let's celebrate ending on another high note for LGBT equality. As the Supreme Court struck down the core of the so-called "Defense of Marriage Act" in United States v. Windsor , the Housing Opportunities Made Equal (HOME) Act was re-introduced this week in Congress to ensure that everyone is protected against housing discrimination – regardless of who they are or who they love. The HOME Act, introduced by Representatives Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) and John Conyers (D-Mich.) and Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) , would amend the Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act to prohibit discrimination in housing and access to credit, including mortgages and home improvement loans, on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
Despite making incredible strides towards equality, the critical need for federal civil rights protections for LGBT people in housing is as important as ever. Last week, the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) released the first national study of housing discrimination against same-sex couples in a cross-section of fifty metropolitan rental markets around the country. In the study, two separate email inquiries were sent to a prospective rental housing provider, and the only difference between the nearly identical emails was the sexual orientation of the couple. Overall, heterosexual couples were more likely to receive a favorable email response over gay male couples in 15.9 percent of tests and over lesbian couples in 15.6 percent of tests.
The National Transgender Discrimination Survey in 2011, the first large-scale national study of discrimination against transgender and gender non-conforming Americans, found respondents reporting various forms of direct housing discrimination, including 19% who reported having been refused a home or apartment and 11% who reported being evicted because of their gender identity/expression. A fifth of respondents reported experiencing homelessness at some point in their lives because they were transgender or gender non-conforming.
The consequences of this discrimination on LGBT people and their partners, spouses, and children cannot be understated. Not only do they have fewer housing options, and often a longer search for a rental or new home, but they also have higher housing costs resulting from fewer units to choose among and discriminatory terms in housing finance. Although twenty states and D.C. have enacted some housing protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, many people live in places where they have no recourse if they are discriminated against.
The HOME Act would also expand the protections of the Fair Housing Act to prohibit discrimination on the basis of marital status and source of income, bringing the protected groups in line with those of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. It would also broaden existing protections in both laws to prohibit discrimination on the basis of perceived race or color (both the Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act currently prohibit discrimination on the basis of race or color). Further, the Fair Housing Act's definition of "familial status" would be updated to include "anyone standing in loco parentis" of one or more individuals who are not 18 years of age, ensuring that all families receive the same protection. Existing protections on the basis of disability in the Fair Housing Act would also be expanded to explicitly prohibit the refusal to make reasonable accommodation in connection with a real-estate related transaction.
All of these long overdue protections would ensure that every American family has the option to live in the neighborhoods of their choice without fear of discrimination because of who they are.
What would you pay for more natural light in your apartment? $10,000 per sunlit window, in TriBeCa? A 15 percent surcharge for an apartment that faced south, in London? An annual levy of 60 pounds for 20 windows, as the English monarchy demanded during a 150-year period beginning in 1696, under the so-called Window Tax?
Would you support a municipal effort to install a giant mirror to reflect winter sunshine into the town square? The Norwegian mountain town of Rjukan spent $800,000 to do just that. In Islamic Cairo, researchers have developed a sheet of corrugated plastic that can double the amount of light that trickles into the narrow alleyways.
Advertisement:
The importance of light to great architecture is no secret. But in cities, where natural light is instrumental to urban design and property values, sunlight is a fickle friend. It can account for the prices of apartments, the popularity of parks, and even influence commercial rents on big avenues. Its holistic properties are obvious, but its economic benefits no less important, including the effect of solar radiation on heating costs and the burgeoning potential for urban solar panel use. But sunlight can be taken away in an instant, from a backyard, a kitchen window or a treasured park, with neither notice nor consequence.
As American cities grow taller and denser — and most everyone agrees that they must — natural light becomes a more precious commodity. Does that mean it should be regulated like one? Or would preserving current sun patterns — so-called “solar rights” — grind real estate development to a halt? Put simply: Should Americans, in their homes and in their cities, have a right to light?
Planners, lawyers and homeowners have been arguing about this for two millennia. The Greeks incorporated the sun in their city planning; the Roman emperor Justinian ensured that no neighbor could block light “previously enjoyed for heat, light or sundial operation.” In desert climes, the same consideration was incorporated into city planning with even greater verve, for opposite results. In the Mozabite enclave of Ghardaia, Algeria, streets wind and curve so that the Saharan sun cannot penetrate.
In England, as the first throes of the Industrial Revolution wrought their transformations, Parliament attempted to legislate this concept with more objectivity. The so-called “Ancient Lights” law, passed in 1832, prevents new constructions from blocking light that has continuously reached the interior of a building for 20 years. The amount of light protected is determined by “the grumble line,” the point at which one might begin to complain about the lack of light.
It's a law that British homeowners can still invoke today, though with only partial success. On the BBC reality show “The Planners,” an 87-year-old homeowner failed to prevent the construction of a neighbor's light-hogging extension… and the law is even less likely to order the demolition of a larger, more expensive construction.
In Japan, where tall buildings are more common, a similar law, called “nissho-ken,” is more frequently cited. As skyscrapers proliferated in Japanese cities alongside small homes during the 1960s, sunshine suits exploded, from six in 1968 to 83 in 1972. More than 300 cities adopted “sunshine hour codes,” specifying penalties that developers must pay for casting shadows. Tokyo adopted a stricter zoning code for residential areas. In 1976, the Tokyo District Court delivered $7,000 in sunshine damages to residents at the foot of a new office tower. “Sunshine is essential to a comfortable life,” the court opined, “and therefore a citizen's right to enjoy sunshine at his home should be duly protected by law.” Such rewards are not common, though in theory a developer can be forced to pay as much as $10,000 to each shaded homeowner.
Advertisement:
But in America, the concept of property has never been so expansive. In the second half of the 19th century, the subject was a hot legal issue, but never overcame opposition from pro-growth circles. As the New York Times wrote in 1878, “Courts have rendered decisions that the law of ancient lights is inappropriate and inapplicable in America… Our sparsely settled country, they say, has not required such a law; encouragement of building is more needed than restrictions upon it.” That same logic still fuels opposition to zoning measures today.
Quality-of-life concerns struck back. In a series of tenement laws, New York City required habitable domiciles to include features like external windows in every room. It was the seven-acre shadow of the Equitable Building, completed in 1915, that inspired the nation's first comprehensive zoning resolution. New York's setback laws required buildings to taper as they rose, and shaped the city's skyline and its streets for the next half-century. Many cities followed suit.
But there are few direct protections on the books, and the issue has again come to the forefront as a rash of super-tall buildings rise in Midtown Manhattan, casting half-mile-long shadows on Central Park. A quarter-century ago, activists led by Jackie Kennedy Onassis and the Municipal Arts Society successfully obtained architectural concessions from developer Mort Zuckerman when his plans threatened to devour sunlit stretches of Central Park. Today the issue has spawned scattered complaints but no results.
If New York had a law like San Francisco's, that would be different. Voters in the famously sun-starved city passed a ballot ordinance in 1984 that prohibited new buildings from casting significant shadows on public parks. It has since required hundreds of real estate projects to be altered, and is regularly targeted by developers for repeal.
Advertisement:
It's a microcosm of a much larger debate about the wisdom of zoning, and the balance between regulation and development. High-rent cities like New York and San Francisco desperately need new units of housing. Which quality-of-life requirements represent basic human rights, and which are not-in-my-backyard claims to stymie new construction in a crowded city? Some proponents of maximizing the potential for new housing in American cities have proposed repealing some of the Progressive-era stipulations for proper apartments.
The rise of solar power further complicated the debate, even as it neatly quantifies the pecuniary value of sunlight. Even decades ago, American legal ambivalence to the sunbeams was called “the single most important legal issue concerning solar energy.” These days, many U.S. states and a handful of U.S. cities have introduced “solar permits,” through which an owner can ensure that his or her solar access cannot be disrupted. In Portland, Ore., existing vegetation (i.e., a tree that grows taller) is exempted. In Ashland, solar collectors are protected from encroaching vegetation but not from new construction. Boulder, Colo., has some of the most extensive solar rights in the U.S.
Sometimes this leads to odd conflicts. In Sunnyvale, Calif., one neighbor sued another over a crop of redwood trees that were casting shadows on his solar panels. Under the state's 1978 solar rights law, he won — the neighbors had to trim their trees to let more sun through to his panels.
Advertisement:
Developers contend that such regulations can amount to extortion: solar panels could be used to extract limitless concessions from nearby properties. Then again, without the assurance of continuing sunlight, what homeowner could invest in solar power?
Free agent starters have largely been held up by Masahiro Tanaka, but Ubaldo Jimenez hasn't let them hurt his asking price. Want to sign the right-hander? It'll still cost you $14MM annually. While we wait to see how that plays out, here's the latest on the Japanese sensation..
Braves president John Schuerholz says that he's not in on Tanaka but that his club did their "due diligence" on him, tweets Jim Bowden of SiriusXM.
president John Schuerholz says that he's not in on Tanaka but that his club did their "due diligence" on him, tweets Jim Bowden of SiriusXM. The Angels may be a long shot to land Tanaka, but history shows us that they shouldn't be counted out, writes Alden Gonzalez of MLB.com. Some would argue that it doesn't make sense for the Halos to spend big. On the other hand, Gonzalez writes that this is as good a time as any to splurge, because Tanaka is a free agent at a relatively young age, has more upside than any other available pitcher, won't cost a Draft pick, and the Angels badly need high-upside starting pitching.
may be a long shot to land Tanaka, but history shows us that they shouldn't be counted out, writes Alden Gonzalez of MLB.com. Some would argue that it doesn't make sense for the Halos to spend big. On the other hand, Gonzalez writes that this is as good a time as any to splurge, because Tanaka is a free agent at a relatively young age, has more upside than any other available pitcher, won't cost a Draft pick, and the Angels badly need high-upside starting pitching. Tanaka will meet with the Cubs and White Sox this week, likely in Chicago, tweets Luke Stuckmeyer of CSNChicago.com.
Two years ago, AdventureX was a small gathering in a room above a pub. Now it is a major feature of the adventure gaming world. Having attracted sponsorship from both game creators and online portals, the genre's only dedicated convention once more set itself up in a central London venue at the University of East Anglia. Organisers Screen 7 did not cut any corners in making this another weekend of fun and gaming for developers and enthusiasts alike.
With a host of demos, guest talks and discussion panels, attendees were met with a bewildering array of choices to fill the two days. Dave Gilbert, as a major sponsor for the event, flew in from New York again and enthusiastically threw himself into proceedings. The head of Revolution Software, Charles Cecil, did a major talk and video interview. The man who stretched ‘80s TV technology to the limit in creating the computerised fantasy game show Knightmare, Tim Child, both reminisced about the past and offered thoughts about the future. Even Steve Ince, prevented from attending in person, found the time to put in a welcome appearance over video Skype.
With nearly 250 attendees this year, this was a convention by adventure gamers for adventure gamers, and the atmosphere was friendly and welcoming. Working closely with our colleagues at Adventure Treff, we set about the daunting task of gathering as much information as possible to share with you upon our return.
Dave Gilbert – A Year in Review
At AdventureX 2012, Dave Gilbert gave a talk on establishing Wadjet Eye Games and the highs and lows of making it a successful company. Since then, his plans to port their back catalogue to iOS have not gone quite as planned. To date, only two games have made the conversion process, Gemini Rue and The Shivah. Partly this has been down to technical issues, as there's more to putting a game on an iOS device than just transferring the code to a new language. In some areas, the mechanics had to be redesigned to fit the capabilities of the new system. The most difficult – and unexpected – problem came down to graphics. The original version of The Shivah presented indoor locations as small compartments on the screen, accenting their enclosed nature. This was fine when displayed on a large monitor, but on an iPhone screen, these became the size of postage stamps. Simply scaling the graphics up created resolution issues, so ultimately every graphic in the game had to be redrawn for the conversion. Fortunately, talented game artist Ben Chandler is now a full-time staff member, so an expert hand was available for the task. Wadjet Eye now intend to take on a specialist member of staff dedicated to handling iOS porting, guided by Dave's wife Janet, so they can concentrate on new games.
Gentleman Dave Gilbert waves hello to an AG writer's wife
Only a single boxed game was produced by Wadjet Eye, that being Vince Twelve's Resonance. Whilst a nice option for hardcore fans, this version actually lost money, so there are no plans to repeat this offer any time in the future. In a lot of ways, this has been a quieter year on the production front generally, with no new deals for publishing other games and the studio itself concentrating on Blackwell Epiphany. Having had a good year prior was a factor in this, taking off some of the pressure to continually produce to pay the bills. A far more significant factor is that Dave and his wife have been contributing to a new generation of adventure fans, having produced a little gamer of their own. Having to move four times with a small baby has definitely cut down on game development time.
Dave also found out this year that a fateful decision made when he first got married meant that he missed a golden game-making opportunity. With his wife living in Sheffield and him living in New York, they had to decide which of them was to move. They chose New York, and only after this did Dave find out that Charles Cecil was developing the Doctor Who Adventure Games in Sheffield. Catching up with Charles during a break in proceedings at the convention, Dave asked whether Charles have taken him on if he had turned up at his door and asked to be involved. The answer was naturally an emphatic “yes”.
Continuing to work full-time, Dave is looking at getting back to publishing again. Janet is currently only part-time, but is wanting to write her own game as well as working on other projects. Who knows, there may well be two famous Gilberts in the adventure gaming industry in the not-too-distant future. In time, maybe even three if their progeny follows in her parents' footsteps.
Steve Ince – Writing for Games
Steve Ince sadly could not make it to the venue, but he made up for it by appearing on a large screen using Skype. After a brief introduction covering his career so far, including the Broken Sword games, Beneath A Steel Sky, two So Blonde games (and the Captain Morgane spin-off) and script editing on games such as The Witcher, Steve talked about how writing for games and other interactive media is different from writing books or movie scripts. A movie lasts only about an hour and a half, so you need to tell the whole story in that small amount of time. A TV series might have 20 or more episodes, which influences the style and size of the story immensely. A game is different again; it matters what kind of game it is and you must also take into account that there is not only interaction between two characters but also between the characters and the player. For each section (chapter, scene) of the game, you need to establish how long it is expected to take the player to play through it, and you need to keep the player interested for that amount of time and make sure there are always things to do (e.g. explore the environment, solve a puzzle or talk to someone until the next 'story beat' happens).
The Great Oz... err.. Steve Ince addresses his audience via Skype
Steve gave some great tips for aspiring game writers: dialogue must be realistic to be believable and immersive; it is important to listen in on real conversations; people pause, people interrupt, people change their words mid-sentence. If you want to make it sound natural, study the rhythm and structure!
Metro's Silver Line has not yet opened, but the Washington Metropolitan Airports Authority (MWAA) is already seeking a $1.8 million technology upgrade of the Automatic Train Control system.
Metro's Silver Line has not yet opened, but the Washington Metropolitan Airports Authority (MWAA) is already seeking a $1.8 million technology upgrade of the Automatic Train Control system.
MWAA is building the Silver Line rail extension. The 11-mile, $2.8 billion Phase 1 of the Silver Line will run from East Falls Church to Reston's Wiehle Avenue. When it is satisfactorily completed — a decision that could come in the next two weeks — the project will be turned over to Metro, which will then conduct its own testing before setting an opening date.
The Dulles Corridor Committee of the MWAA Board of Directors on Wednesday approved awarding a sole source contract to Alstom Signaling, Inc., of Henrietta, N.Y. for an Automatic Train Control (ATC) technology upgrade.
Alstom previously installed the Horton Remote Terminal Units (RTUs) as part of the design of the Automatic Train Control System. That system is used throughout the existing Metro system, MWAA says.
But in testing the system for the Silver Line,t he RTUs have proven faulty.
“The Horton RTUs have proven unreliable in the Phase 1 application,” MWAA documents read. “Increased reliability can be achieved by incorporating the use of integral circuit boards in the Alstom Vital Processor Interlock (VPI) instead of using RTU equipment.”
“This is a reliability issue, not a safety issue,” the documents read. “The technology upgrade will take one year to complete.”
MWAA says that it will advise Dulles Transit Partners, the Bechtel unit that constructed the rail line, to make adjustments to improve reliability. It also says that once service begins, WMATA (Metro) will provide “extra staffing at the Project's expense to ensure reliability” and that Alstom is the only contractor able to provide the necessary equipment for the upgrades.
MWA officials said early Wednesday that roughly $23 million is available in the Silver Line contingency fund.
The ATC system has been a bug in constructing the Silver Line — and it is crucial to get it right. In 2009, the system failed to detect the presence of a train on the tracks leading to a Red Line crash that killed nine people and injured dozens of others.
In June, Federal Transit Administrator Peter Rogoff said he was troubled by unauthorized design changes Alstom made without consulting Metro. In addition, because of a shortage of equipment, Alstom workers allegedly moved some control boards from one monitoring station to another, which meant they were checking the same set of boards rather than new ones, according to The Washington Post.
In November, more issues with the ATC system were found, leading to a delay of several months.
While an official opening date was never announced, Phase 1 was originally estimated to be ready to hand off to Metro last summer for a December 2013 opening. Last spring, that was moved to a November turnover. In November, the project was delayed further while problems with the Automatic Train Control System were addressed.
On Feb. 7, DTP announced it had reached “substantial completion,” meaning it felt the construction was finished. MWAA completed a two-week review and found a host of problems, including some with the ATC system.
DTP says it fixed the problems, and on April 9 — the same day $25,000 a day penalties would kick in as part of the construction contract — submitted the project again. MWAA is in the midst of another 15-day review.
Once MWAA signs off on the DTP's work it will turn the Silver Line over to Metro, which then has 90 days to complete its own testing.
NexGen Founder Proposing New Professional Ultimate League For Top Club Teams
Just weeks after the announcement of Major League Ultimate, Kevin Minderhout, the founder of NexGen, has proposed a new professional Ultimate league to rival both USA Ultimate's Triple Crown Tour, the American Ultimate Disc League, and the MLU, Ultiworld has learned.
Just weeks after the announcement of Major League Ultimate, a new professional Ultimate league has been proposed to rival both USA Ultimate's Triple Crown Tour, the American Ultimate Disc League, and the MLU, Ultiworld has learned.
Kevin Minderhout, the founder of NexGen, has presented a proposal to top club captains to start a new 18-team professional league. The proposal suggests that nearly all of this year's Open Division Club Championships qualifiers — the Pro Flight and Elite Flight teams from USA Ultimate's Triple Crown Tour — with the addition of Philadelphia's Southpaw and Pittsburgh's Oakland (and the exclusion of Palo Alto's Boost Mobile) start their own professional league.
Teams would be the majority owners of the league, splitting 67% of the equity equally among them. The remaining 33% percent, Minderhout suggests, would be both used to purchase NexGen and all of its assets ($40,000 in fixed assets and between $20,000 and $40,000 in cash), and to do an initial $80,000 capital raise. Minderhout would take 25% of the league's equity, and “propose[s his] appointment as the League's first commissioner for a 5-­year term drawing a salary of $25,000 per year deductible from any distributions [he] may receive as a result of [his] ownership share in the League.”
Minderhout wrote in the executive summary presented to the teams:
[quote]Many of you have a decision to make next season about whether you will participate in the Triple Crown, play “pro” ultimate or possibly both. I'd like to introduce a third option that I believe does a better job of making you the players and us the fans the biggest winners while at the same time addressing some of the inherent problems that arise out of profit and sponsor‐driven models for elite competition.
This proposal comes out of my dissatisfaction with the [Triple Crown Tour] and “pro” models and my belief that ultimate does not need to nor should strive to imitate today's model of professional sport. We need true innovation that upholds the values of the community, meets the needs of players, meets the needs of fans and allows ultimate to evolve and grow without finding itself beholden to sponsors or profit as its driving motive.[/quote]
“I think there's a better way to make a product that's more responsive to the ultimate community, to the spirit of the game that I started playing and that I really love,” Minderhout told Ultiworld. “It's not that I'm against [USAU and the pro leagues]. If the teams don't want to do this, that's awesome. I'll do what I can to be involved. I still want to film great ultimate, that's still my goal…We don't need to be validated by ESPN.”
The season would consist of nine regular season tournaments, each comprised of six teams and played in a round-robin format. This would give each team three games against Division rivals, two games against other Conference teams, and three games against teams from one other Division. Here is the suggested breakdown of the three Conferences and six Divisions:
West Conference North Conference South Conference NORTHWEST DIVISION CENTRAL DIVISION ATLANTIC DIVISION Seattle Sockeye Chicago Machine Philadelphia Southpaw Vancouver Furious George Madison Club Washington, D.C. Truck Stop Portland Rhino Minneapolis Sub Zero New York PoNY SOUTHWEST DIVISION NORTHEAST DIVISION SOUTHEAST DIVISION San Francisco Revolver Toronto GOAT North Carolina Ring of Fire Boulder Johnny Bravo Boston Ironside Atlanta Chain Lightning Austin Doublewide Pittsburgh Oakland Columbus Madcow
Tournaments would be scheduled to run from Friday night through Sunday night. Three games would be played each night in stadiums, with paid admission for fans ($10 for students, $12 for adults with multi-day discounts available). Saturday and Sunday would also have morning sessions, with standard play at a multi-field tournament site.
Minderhout writes, “The transition of elite open ultimate into the stadium environment will unequivocally mark a new era in making high‐level ultimate more accessible to the public….The unlocking of new revenue sources in form of ticket sales and broadcasting will allow the League to improve the quality of its offerings across the board, pay observers, critical event staff and will eventually lead to reduced cost burden for players.”
The league's purchase of NexGen would allow for, according to the proposal, 81 streamed and on-demand games during the regular season, all available for purchase on the NGN Network.
All games would be observed and played under USAU rules, with some modifications (available below).
The playoffs would consist of the six Divisional champions and two wild-cards, selected by the best regular-season records in the league. Each round would be a best-of-three, with the third round, if necessary, played to seven points with no overtime. No games would overlap.
The proposal also argues for the creation of its own immersive media content. “The League will invest aggressively in a quality, professional media experience for fans,” writes Minderhout. “This begins with the hiring of a full time staff member to manage media platforms and equipping him or her with a $15,000 budget to create and contract the creation of exceptional original content. The League will lead major innovations in broadcast video, roster information, stat keeping, feature‐length journalism, expert columnists, event reporting and fantasy ultimate.”
Despite Minderhout's insistence that this model would not “imitate today's model of professional sport” or make Ultimate “beholden to sponsors or profit as its driving motive,” this is a professional sports league proposal that seeks to make money for its stakeholders.
Under his proposal, teams would have to agree to revenue sharing “from broadcast rights both local and national, league-­wide sponsorships and the collective licensing of team marks.” Market analyses and budgets have been built out through 2017.
Additionally, any non-team investors' shares would be subject to the following clause:
“If a non-­team owner wishes to sell his or her shares the League has the right of first refusal to purchase shares at fair market value. If the League reaches a fair market value of $40,000,000 adjusted for inflation the League will have the option to purchase all outstanding shares from non-­team owners at fair market value. This option exists in perpetuity until all shares are sold or the value of the League drops below the aforementioned value. Shares purchased by the League must be distributed evenly amongst all member teams and all voting rights associated with outstanding shares disappear.”
Teams would also have to agree to go public if they earned more than $2,000,000 in profit, with proceeds from the offering going towards the “construction of a team specific venue.”
Minderhout writes, “The underlying philosophy is that as ultimate grows people should be rewarded for their work in growing it, but once a sufficient reward has been achieved the ownership should be transferred in a manner that eventually leads to a community rather than privately owned sport.”
Minderhout is embarking on a cross-country road trip this month to speak with team captains of each of the 18 teams. The proposal reads:
[quote]I'm told that both USAU and the MLU have requested to hear from teams and players about their intentions by January, so I suppose it makes sense that I hear a yes or no from teams by then as well. Nothing in this proposal is set in stone. A successful League will require the commitment, communication and cooperation of all teams involved so to that end I will be setting up a private forum for us to engage in dialogue related to this and other options on that table.[/quote]
When asked if he thought USA Ultimate would be upset by this proposal, Minderhout said, “If USA Ultimate is our governing body, and their mission is to support ultimate players, I don't really think it's damaging. If their mission is to be the exclusive provider of elite ultimate competition, then maybe.”
The full proposal can be found and downloaded below. We will have much more on this new professional league, its implications, the legal issues, and the impact on the pivotal 2013 Club seasons. If you are a team captain and have thoughts to share about the league, on-the-record or on background, please get in touch with us at editor@ultiworld.com.
League Proposal
Q: Although fun, this win streak has blinded Heat Nation. We are overreacting to what we are seeing. Wake up. Eleven games is impressive, but look at who we've beaten. The Warriors and Rockets are the only two impressive wins (beating the Hawks isn't impressive). Ira, you're saying Goran is the point guard of the future? I love Goran, but he can't be. He's already 30. Can we pump the brakes on Dion Waiters? I'm seeing tweets and articles about him becoming a star and potential max guy. You've got to be kidding me. This is a classic example of "regression to the mean" and a byproduct of favorable scheduling. We were not as bad as we started and not as good as we're playing now. We are not a contender. Pat Riley would make a huge mistake not to sell off for future assets by All-Star break. It's not what people want to hear but we have to rebuild. It's the cost of having the Big 3 Era and years of being the favorite. -- Erik.
A: And none of what's going on, beyond the winning, has to get in the way of never losing sight of the future. The reason I've pointed out Goran's play and strengths is because if you are well-positioned at a position, it allows you to focus elsewhere. But I would have absolutely no issue if the Heat were able to flip Waiters or James Johnson for a first-round pick at the Feb. 23 NBA trading deadline. You can still enjoy a moment while also preparing for the future. The players are playing to win. The coaches are coaching to win. That's what they should be doing. But that doesn't mean Pat Riley and his staff also aren't planning for bigger and better things down the road.
Q: Who do we want in the Finals: Spurs or Warriors? -- Drew, Coral Springs.
A: They've already shown they could compete with the Warriors at Oracle and have beaten Golden State at AmericanAirlines Arena, so I would have to figure on that being the Heat's preference when they get to the NBA Finals.
Q: I think it's time to start Okaro White at the four over Luke Babbitt. Maybe try and trade Babbitt away or waive him and get another young prospect. -- Taylor, Christiansburg, Va.
A: Or enjoy the fact that they're 10-2 with this current starting lineup that has Babbitt opening at power forward alongside Hassan Whiteside, Goran Dragic, Rodney McGruder and Dion Waiters. Babbitt's spacing works with the first group, with James Johnson still getting the significant minutes for the Heat at power forward. And, to be honest, I'm not sure there is an area of need at the moment for the Heat to have to clear a roster spot.
graphic by twolf
From Politico:
The Republican National Committee appears to have spent more than $150,000 to clothe and accessorize vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin and her family since her surprise pick by John McCain in late August. According to financial disclosure records, the accessorizing began in early September and included bills from Saks Fifth Avenue in St. Louis and New York for a combined $49,425.74. The records also document a couple of big-time shopping trips to Neiman Marcus in Minneapolis, including one $75,062.63 spree in early September.
What's this then? While the American economy is cratering, the "Hockey Mom Who's Just Like You, Doncha Know" is at Neiman Marcus, dropping $75K of RNC donors' hard-earned money on red leather numbers, fuck-me pumps, and underwear for the First Dude.
I guess that's why she's never photographed holding Trig — who wants spit-up on her $1,000 St. John suit?
And she still hasn't paid back Alaska for those little junkets she took with the girls.
Fiscal responsibility – now available in petites and plus sizes.
What Saanich Mayor Richard Atwell alleged was a plot to spy on his work computer was actually standard security software installed on several municipal computers, Saanich council said in a statement released Tuesday evening.
The installation was part of an enhanced security effort known to councillors, the statement said.
article continues below
Saanich police said it would not recommend criminal charges because the security software was installed on several staff computers to manage “the integrity of the computer system.”
Atwell said he is “stunned” by the results of the review and maintains Saanich police are in a conflict of interest.
The software was installed in late November after a May 2014 independent audit of the District of Saanich computer system recommended the software to protect against external hacking threats as well as to monitor any “internal activity that may result from external threats.”
READ MORE:
The software was installed on Atwell's computer the day after he was sworn in on Dec. 1.
“Since the software was installed on municipally owned computers to be used in the workplace, there was no reasonable expectation of privacy by employees,” the statement said.
Atwell made the spying allegations at a news conference Monday, along with allegations he has been unfairly targeted by traffic police from the Integrated Road Safety Unit and that Saanich police leaked details of a domestic dispute. He also admitted he lied when he said he wasn't having an extramarital affair.
Atwell said in an interview Tuesday afternoon that he did not know the spyware was being installed and did not give consent.
On Dec. 15, Atwell complained to Saanich police about the spyware, Spector 360, which can monitor every keystroke and record screen images. The police initiated a review on Dec. 19, with the assistance of Dirk Ryneveld, a former B.C. police complaint commissioner. Police Chief Bob Downie presented the results to Atwell and councillors at an in-camera meeting Monday evening.
After Tuesday's council statement, Atwell told reporters at municipal hall: “I am stunned by this statement. I can't understand why Saanich police do not understand why they are in conflict of interest on this.” Atwell is asking the Office of the Police Complaint Commissioner to investigate. He left without taking questions.
Atwell is also asking the police complaint commissioner to look into whether Saanich police leaked details of the Dec. 11 domestic dispute to the media — the second OPCC investigation Atwell has sought against his municipality's police department.
Atwell dismissed concerns his allegations have created mistrust between himself and councillors, the police department and municipal staff, saying: “I certainly have a good working relationship with the police and staff, and I expect that to continue.”
Coun. Leif Wergeland said he wonders what Atwell's urgency was in having a news conference Monday when he could have had the answers he was seeking the next day. “It was to create a distraction,” Wergeland said.
Atwell said since he took office, he has not had a one-on-one meeting with Downie and has no plans for one.
After making the spying allegation on Monday, Atwell said he is setting up a private email account for his mayoral work and not using the office computer.
Information and Privacy Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement: “The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act applies to work-related emails sent to or received from the personal email accounts of public servants and public officials. While nothing in freedom-of-information law directly prohibits them from using personal email accounts, doing so can make it difficult to search for records responsive to an access request. In addition, the use of personal email can create privacy and security risks if personal information is accessed or stored outside of Canada, contrary to legal requirements.”
Coun. Judy Brownoff said she fears the spying allegations are distracting from Saanich business. “Council is doing their job, we were all elected. And we just want to get on with the business of council,” Brownoff said, speaking just after Atwell made his statement. “We have a number of issues out there … and we just can't get to the business at hand. We want to move on with this stuff.”
kderosa@timescolonist.com
With a file from Cindy E. Harnett
(Photo: AP/Carolyn Kaster) President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden celebrate their nominations on stage at the 2012 Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Political conventions have long been notorious for being rules-free zones where corporate donors may funnel fat checks to little-regulated host committees in exchange for exclusive cocktail receptions, briefings, and special-access events with candidates, party officials, and lawmakers.
But this year, the Republican and Democratic National Conventions have taken this wide-open fundraising to a whole new level. The checks are bigger. The disclosure is scantier. Both parties will inaugurate a number of dubious “firsts”—the first conventions with no public funding; the first conventions funneling six-figure checks into new, high-dollar party accounts; the first conventions in many years staged as early as July, to leave more time for general election fundraising. For Democrats, it will also be the first convention in eight years to permit lobbyist donations.
At the same time, mounting public outrage over political money, coupled with the controversial nature of presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump's campaign, have complicated convention fundraising on both sides of the aisle. When Republicans gather in Cleveland next week, many Wall Street executives, K Street business lobbyists, and erstwhile corporate sponsors will stay home. Democrats, who will gather in Philadelphia from July 25 to July 28, face calls for three members of their host committee—former Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell, Comcast Executive Vice President David Cohen, and health-insurance industry executive Daniel Hilferty—to step down.
“These three figures are multimillionaire lobbyists and high-profile supporters of political positions that most Democrats abhor,” declares an open letter by the group Reclaim Philadelphia, which describes itself as founded by “former staff and volunteers” of the Bernie Sanders campaign. “Their prominent role in hosting this year's convention might lead one to forget that the Party pledged in its 2012 platform to ‘take immediate action to curb the influence of lobbyists and special interests on our political institutions.'”
The DNC's host committee also has drawn fire for failing to disclose its donors in advance of the convention itself—something election laws don't require until 60 days after the event. For unknown reasons, Democrats' host committee also has yet to obtain official tax-exempt status as a 501(c)3 charity from the Internal Revenue Service, placing donors who want to deduct convention contributions from their taxes in a precarious spot. Organizers have said they will convert the committee to a 501(c)6 “business league” if charity status doesn't come through.
The role of tax-exempt groups in helping underwrite conventions has always been what made the money behind these party gatherings so suspect. Under the fiction that local officials and civic leaders should be free to spend private money to promote their cities, party operatives have routinely scooped up millions for tax-exempt host committees from corporate sponsors operating outside the campaign-finance rules.
In the past, conventions have also received a federal grant—in 2012 it was about $18 million for each party convention—under the presidential public-financing system. But in 2014, Congress eliminated public convention funding, steering the money instead to pediatric medical research. That same year, Senate leaders tucked a provision into an omnibus spending bill that dramatically lifted the limits on contributions to political parties for special accounts that pay for recounts, buildings, and conventions. That means that big donors, previously banned from giving more than $33,400 a year to the Republican or Democratic National Committees, may now give an additional $100,200 apiece annually—$200,400 per election cycle—to a party's special convention account.
The upshot is that this year's conventions, which will cost an estimated $60 million or more apiece, will be funded entirely with private money, much of it in the form of six-figure checks from hedge fund donors, corporate executives, and other top-tier contributors. As of March 31, the two parties had collectively pulled in $10.7 million for their special convention accounts, according to the Federal Election Commission.
The larger share of the special convention account contributions has gone to Republicans, who have leveraged the parties' new high-dollar accounts more aggressively than Democrats. Recent big contributions to the GOP convention accounts include $100,200 apiece from coal company magnate Joseph W. Craft III; Uline, Inc. CEO Richard Uihlein; and hedge fund executive Robert Mercer. Corporate GOP convention sponsors also include AT&T, Delta Air Lines, and Microsoft Corp.
Big Democratic convention donors include the Comcast Corp. PAC, which gave $105,000; Eric Schoenberg, chairman of the education technology firm CampusWorks, Inc., who gave $100,000; and the Native American tribe known as the Aqua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians, which gave $200,000. The DNC host committee's website also boasts a long list of corporate sponsors, including Chevron, Comcast, Facebook, Samsung, and Sunoco. Corporate funding of conventions directly contradicts campaign finance laws, which explicitly bar corporate and labor union contributions to candidates, parties and nominating conventions, according to a new report from the Campaign Legal Center. The group blames regulatory loopholes and enforcement failures at the FEC.
It's nothing new for conventions to rake in big corporate dollars, but the combination of newly relaxed rules and the mood of voters makes this year's party fundraising festival more unseemly than ever. Donald Trump, who once boasted about his independence from special-interest donors, will arrive in Cleveland fresh off a fundraising blitz that included a Bel-Air, California dinner that charged up to $449,400 per person. It's a once-illegal sum made possible now only by the parties' new special high-dollar accounts to pay for buildings, recounts, and yes, conventions.
For Democrats, convention fundraising could prove even more awkward. Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has increasingly touted her plan to rein in big money, a goal that was once a centerpiece of the Sanders campaign. It remains to be seen whether Sanders's supporters buy it. As the Reclaim Philadelphia letter calling on Rendell, Hilferty, and Cohen to step down proclaims: “Granting lobbyists privileged access to elected officials reveals the Party leadership's hypocrisy, disregard for its own policy positions, and disconnect from the values of the Democratic electorate."
This story has been updated to reflect the July 14 release of a Campaign Legal Center report on corporate convention funding.
TOKYO — Analysts who have studied photos of a half-dozen ominous new North Korean missiles showcased recently at a lavish military parade say they were fakes, and not very convincing ones, casting further doubt on the country's claims of military prowess.
Since its recent rocket launch failure, Pyongyang's top military leaders have made several boastful statements about its weapons capabilities. On Wednesday, Vice Marshal Ri Yong Ho claimed his country is capable of defeating the United States “at a single blow.” And on Monday, North Korea promised “special actions” that would reduce Seoul's government to ashes within minutes.
But the weapons displayed April 15 appear to be a mishmash of liquid-fuel and solid-fuel components that could never fly together. Undulating casings on the missiles suggest the metal is too thin to withstand flight. Each missile was slightly different from the others, even though all were supposedly the same make. They don't even fit the launchers they were carried on.
“There is no doubt that these missiles were mock-ups,” Markus Schiller and Robert Schmucker, of Germany's Schmucker Technologie, wrote in a paper posted recently on the website Armscontrolwonk.com that listed those discrepancies. “It remains unknown if they were designed this way to confuse foreign analysts, or if the designers simply did some sloppy work.”
The missiles, called KN-08s, were loaded onto the largest mobile launch vehicles North Korea has ever unveiled. Pyongyang gave them special prominence by presenting them at the end of the parade, which capped weeks of celebrations marking the 100th anniversary of the country's founding father, Kim Il Sung.
The unveiling created an international stir. The missiles appeared to be new, and designed for long-range attacks.
That's a big concern because, along with developing nuclear weapons, North Korea has long been suspected of trying to field an intercontinental ballistic missile, or ICBM, capable of reaching the United States. Washington contends that North Korea's failed April 13 rocket launch was an attempt to test missile technology rather than the scientific mission Pyongyang claims.
But after pouring over close-up photos of the missiles, Schiller and Schmucker, whose company has advised NATO on missile issues, argue the mock-ups indicate North Korea is a long way from having a credible ICBM.
“There is still no evidence that North Korea actually has a functional ICBM,” they concluded, adding that the display was a “dog and pony show” and suggesting North Korea may not be making serious progress toward its nuclear-tipped ICBM dreams.
North Korea has a particularly bad track record with ICBM-style rockets. Its four launches since 1998 — three of which it claimed carried satellites — have all ended in failure.
Though North Korea frequently overstates its military capabilities, the missiles displayed this month might foreshadow weapons it is still working on.
David Wright, a physicist with the Union of Concerned Scientists who has written extensively about North Korea's missile program, said he believes the KN-08s could be “somewhat clumsy representations of a missile that is being developed.”
Wright noted that the first signs the outside world got of North Korea's long-range Taepodong-2 missile — upon which the recent failed rocket was based — was from mock-ups seen in 1994, 12 years before it was actually tested on the launch pad.
“To understand whether there is a real missile development program in place, we are trying to understand whether the mock-ups make sense as the design for a real missile,” he said. “It is not clear that it has a long enough range to make sense for North Korea to invest a lot of effort in.”
Theodore Postol, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and former scientific adviser to the U.S. Chief of Naval Operations, said the Taepodong-2 design remains the more real future threat — though even that remains at least a decade away — and the KN-08 is simply a smoke screen.
“I believe that these missiles are not only mock-ups, but they are very unlikely to be actual mock-ups of any missiles in design,” he said. “Fabricating a missile like the KN-08 would require a gigantic indigenous technical effort. … The only way North Korea could develop such a missile with its pitiful economy would be if someone gave it to them.”
He noted that a comparable U.S. missile, the Minuteman III, required “decades of expertise in rocket motors, and vast sums of intellectual, technological and financial capital.”
Much attention, meanwhile, has been given to the 16-wheel mobile launchers that carried the missiles during the parade, which experts believe may have included a chassis built in China. That raises questions of whether China has violated U.N. sanctions against selling missile-related technology to Pyongyang.
Some missile experts say the launchers were designed to carry a larger missile than the 18-meter-long KN-08, and argue that North Korea would not have spent millions of dollars on them unless it has, or intends to have, a big missile to put on them.
But Wright said the launchers, like the missiles they carried, could also have been more for show than anything else.
“Given the international attention it has gotten from parading these missiles you could argue that the cost of buying the large trucks — which add a lot of credibility to the images of the missiles — was money well spent in terms of projecting an image of power,” he said.
Yahoo is today announcing the release of a large-scale data set that describes people's usage of news feeds on several of the company's web services, including Yahoo News and Yahoo Finance. The idea is to empower machine learning researchers in academia with very rich data.
The release of data is not, in and of itself, new for Yahoo — there have been 56 previous releases in the Yahoo Labs Webscope program, which encompasses advertising, image, social, and ratings data, among other categories. This data set in particular covers 20 million people over the course of four months in 2015, and shows the types of devices people used to visit pages, how far down they got in the articles, and the top subjects of articles. There is data on people's locations, their ages (in some cases), and their gender — all in an anonymized way.
What's interesting about today's release is the size of the data set: 13.5TB. That's a whole lot bigger than the biggest available until this point, which came out to about 1TB.
Image Credit: Screenshot
“Why am I excited? It's because I think these collaborations between the academic community and industry are crucial for research, design, and development of state-of-the-art artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques, to really handle big data in the real world out there,” said Gert Lanckriet, a professor of electrical and computer engineering at the University of California, San Diego, during a Yahoo press event in San Francisco earlier this week.
This move casts Yahoo in a positive light, and is happening at a time when Yahoo could use some positive press.
It's been more than three years since Marissa Mayer became the company's CEO, and lately, investors have been pushing for corporate change. Last month, the company was said to be considering a spinoff of its core Internet properties. Last week, Yahoo was reported to be planning layoffs. This week, the New York Times reported a “brain drain” at the company. Mayer, for her part, just had twins.
But the company has also taken steps to please developers in recent weeks. It has open-sourced algorithms for running computations on streaming data and a web crawler specially designed for dealing with structured data on websites. Now comes this data release, which should be welcome in academic circles, especially for people looking to understand how and what people read and working to improve their algorithms.
A 100-row sample of the data that Yahoo provided to VentureBeat gives a hint of the variety of the data set, with articles on such subjects as stocks, schools, politics, sports, celebrities, and, randomly, lucha libre.
To be sure, Yahoo could have released even more data than this. Suju Rajan, director of research for personalization science at Yahoo Labs, said that she regularly works with petabyte-scale data, which is not abnormal for a web company like Yahoo. But then again, a data set of that size might be difficult for a single researcher to work with interactively. Even a 13TB pile of data might be surprisingly large.
“Many people will not be able to use it, but we think we can advance the research in that way,” said Ricardo Baeza-Yates, Yahoo Labs' vice president of research.
A blog post has more detail on the news.
MAPLEWOOD -- The line for autographs wrapped around the room, through the building, out the door and across the street.
Olympic fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad greeted fans inside the Burgdorff Center for the Performing Arts on Saturday after a parade and a ceremony at the township library as the community welcomed her back to her hometown of Maplewood.
Muhammad, who won a bronze medal in the team sabre event last month, has used her popularity in Rio to insist that in a time of divisive political rhetoric, a Muslim woman in a hijab can represent the United States as well as anyone else.
The 31-year-old athlete repeated that message outside Maplewood Library's main branch Saturday in front of hundreds of cheering fans. Throughout her whole life in Maplewood, Muhammad said, she has always felt welcome.
"Even in those moments when I'm on the road and I'm fencing and I was told that I didn't belong or that I shouldn't fence because I was a girl or because I was black or because I was Muslim, I want everyone here to know that I've never felt that here at home," she said.
Muhammad's Olympic story was a universal one
Wearing a U.S. Olympics team T-shirt and her bronze medal around her neck, Muhammad told the crowd she hoped to serve as an example to people who feel limited by some aspect of who they are.
"For all the children out there who've ever been told that they don't belong, that there are things that they can't do, know that I'm a testament to hard work and faith and knowing that God has a plan for you," she said. "You can do whatever you want if you're willing to work hard for it."
Several of Muhammad's relatives stood among the crowd outside the performing arts center as the fencer greeted people. Her aunt, Judy Bey, said Muhammad has been overwhelmed by support since she returned from Rio.
Among her biggest fans is her nine-year-old cousin Amwar Bey, who showed off a poster and postcard signed by Muhammad. He said he had watched her and her teammates on TV throughout the Olympics.
His favorite moment?
"Her winning," he said.
Eight-year-old Maya Ezell wore fencing pants to the parade and autograph signing. She went to the same elementary school as Muhammad and now fences at the New Jersey Fencing Alliance, where Muhammad trained.
She was excited when she first joined the gym and learned they were training a soon-to-be Olympic athlete. Now, Muhammad serves as an example for her.
"I'm really happy for her and inspired by her," Maya said.
In the eyes of Charles Ezell, Maya's dad and an assistant principal at Columbia High School, the school's now-famous alumna is an ideal national ambassador.
"She is America's promise realized in one person," he said of Muhammad. "She's everything that we could all be."
Marisa Iati may be reached at miati@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @Marisa_Iati. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The conventional wisdom about how race is just a social construct is back in the news with the endless excoriations of Nicholas Wade's A Troublesome Inheritance: Genes, Race, and Human History. Sadly, the term “social construct“ is usually used as an excuse to stop thinking: just announce that scientists have proven that race is socially constructed and you can shut down all cognitive processes without worry that you”ll get in trouble for crimethink.
Yet, as with all thoughtful considerations of nature and nurture, the notion of “social construction” can yield fruitful paradoxes. If social construction is as powerful as its enthusiasts claim, how could it not affect human beings genetically? If a social group constructs a new ideology about who should marry whom, for instance, how would that not alter future lineages and gene frequencies?
For example, America has witnessed over the last ten generations the socially planned breeding of a new endogamous extended family, a fast-growing proto-race that now numbers over 200,000 and is currently on pace to double every 21 years: the Amish.
And, judging from how spectacularly well the Amish have weathered the last half-century's fertility-depressing social revolution in the surrounding “English” culture, they seem to have a clear flight path to numbering in the millions before the end of this century.
“The idea of the Amish as a racial group might appear bizarre to 21st century American minds, but that mostly shows how provincial our thinking has become.”
The idea of the Amish as a racial group might appear bizarre to 21st century American minds, but that mostly shows how provincial our thinking has become.
Because groups from different continents settled America, it's easy for contemporary Americans to associate race with merely the big differences seen among peoples who were long somewhat isolated by oceans, mountain ranges, deserts, and trackless steppes.
Yet 19th century Americans also remained cognizant of critical differences within continents: for instance, Italians, Scots, and Swedes tend to handle their alcohol differently. While Italians were more likely to ruin their livers than their lives by drinking a bottle of wine with meals, Swedes had a tendency toward occasional heroic binge-drinking bashes. My father-in-law recalled an old figure of speech in Chicago: “as drunk as seven Swedes.”
To a 19th century American, the Book of Genesis provided a vivid example of how a nation is bred: through inbreeding. According to the lurid family history of Abraham's descendants, the dozen sons of Jacob, the founders of the Twelve Tribes of Israel, had only six unique grandparents instead of the usual eight.
Like most Christian sects with German roots, the Bible-reading Amish were familiar with the Jewish origin stories. They wound up with a social system somewhat like that of the Ashkenazi. Like medieval Jews, the Amish are content to “dwell apart” in the midst of outsiders without having their own state or territory, using ostracism (“shunning”) to enforce their norms, and encouraging high fertility.
Like modern ultra-Orthodox Jews who dress in fashions hundreds of years out of date, the plain clothes of the Amish are perhaps more profitably interpreted less than exercises in religious fanaticism and more as the canny choices of clever leaders constructing the kind of cultures and human beings they most value. The arduous customs of both groups served to exclude the casual and construct barriers to intermarriage.
I had always assumed that the Amish had a religious objection to modern technology, but driving around Ohio's Holmes County last year, it became clear that their views on technology are more instrumental. For example, most yards had brightly colored plastic children's outdoor toys such as slides. Plastic toys are a modern invention, but the Amish don”t reject them out of hand for that reason. Instead, they pick and choose the technologies they believe mold the type of people they prefer. (Not surprisingly, the Amish, like the ultra-Orthodox, sometimes fracture into new congregations when charismatic leaders disagree on the right path.)
But there are clear differences between the Amish and the ultra-Orthodox Jews as well, such as the Amish being intensely agricultural rather than commercial.
The Amish opted out of the productivity revolution. Farming efficiency has increased radically over American history, which is, on the whole, a terrific thing. Nobody needs to conquer their neighbors anymore to get enough calories to eat because of the huge increase in what can be produced per acre and per farmer.
But that's left America's farm regions rather lonely. Drive across the country and you”ll see lots of farms but very few farmers … except in Amish regions, which look lively and sociable. There are numerous people around, both doing backbreaking labor in the fields and having fun with friends and family.
The genealogies of the Amish, who have long been literate but not highly educated (eighth grade is considered enough), are well documented on the flyleaves of their family Bibles. They are descended from about 200 ancestors who immigrated from Germany and Switzerland, mostly in the 18th century. Immigration continued in the 19th century, but most of the European newcomers merged into the less hardcore Mennonite churches.
The fairly distinctive genetic signature of the Amish is increasingly studied.
The Amish fight their congenital diseases caused by inbreeding by encouraging courting among their less closely related members. (Unlike the ultra-Orthodox, who battle hereditary diseases such as Tay-Sachs via eugenics, the Amish don”t arrange marriages.) This practice has the paradoxical property of making the Amish more genetically homogeneous.
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board.
A report of a man wielding a gun during a fight at a Nelson house sparked school lockdowns and a major response by armed police.
Police and the Armed Offenders Squad responded to a report of men fighting in Brunner St, Nelson South, about 9:30am on Friday. Nelson Bays area commander Inspector Mat Arnold-Kelly said a gun was allegedly pulled out during the argument.
"We received a call in relation to a fight on the street and there was some suggestion of a firearm involved so we had to take necessary precautions for the safety of the community and our officers."
Marion van Dijk Police near the corner of Motueka and Campbell streets respond to a reported gun incident in Brunner St on Friday.
As on Friday afternoon, police were talking to three men about the incident but no arrests had been made.
Police had not found a gun but Arnold-Kelly said inquiries were ongoing.
A witness said she saw AOS officers forcing up to four men to lay down on the road in Brunner St. She was told by police to stay inside the house.
Two young men were taken from the scene in an unmarked police car about 11.30am.
Police continued to search a property in the street into the afternoon.
Cordons manned by armed police were put in place at the entrances to Motueka and Tukuka streets, preventing some people from getting to their homes for up to two hours on Friday morning.
Nelson College, Hampden St and Nelson Intermediate schools were in "lock down" and Nelson Hospital was on alert.
Nelson College headmaster Gary O'Shea said there was "no direct threat" but schools had taken advice from police.
Waimea Rd's On the Spot Convience Store owner Balvant Maganlal said he heard "lots of sirens and cop cars millling around".
"It's a bit scary, this never normally happens here."
Other people in the area said they didn't hear or see the fight and the heavy police presence was the only sign that something had happened.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Hezbollah has been Iran's proxy ground force in the Islamic Republic's fight to prop up the Shia, Assad regime with the Russian Federation's help. The terrorist army has been heavily involved in the fighting against the anti-Assad opposition fighters supported by the United States. Hezbollah has gained enormous battlefield experience in large scale, mobile warfare and enhanced its capabilities from the small unit tactics it specialized in during earlier conflicts against Israel in Lebanon.
There are signs that Hezbollah is using the civil war to prepare for the inevitable conflict against the Jewish state. Primarily, these concerns emanate from Hezbollah's use of the Golan Heights to store large numbers of sophisticated weapons near the Israeli border.
“Like other foreign and domes­tic actors, Hezbollah has seized on the Syrian civil war to improve its position in the country and the surrounding region,” the U.S.-based global security consultancy Stratfor observed in an April 6 analysis. Stratfor amplified recent reports that Hezbollah has been setting up bases on the Golan and in other parts of southern Syria where it has strong forces on the ground sup­porting the regime of Syrian Presi­dent Bashar al-Assad just as its patron Iran does. If Assad manages to stay in power, he will likely have to surrender con­trol of the Golan to Iran and Hezbol­lah to threaten Israel. The efforts by Hezbollah “to ex­pand and solidify its control in Syria will only increase in the future,” Stratfor noted, reports UPI.
In addition, Russia has given Hezbollah access to its large ammunition and weapons depots in Syria in exchange for intelligence gleaned from the fighting on the ground for use in targeting during Russian airstrikes.
Iran continues to call for the destruction of the Jewish State as it moves towards acquiring a nuclear capability allowed by the nuclear ‘deal' signed by the Obama administration.
Fighting the war to keep Assad in power may be part of Iran's long-term plan to carry through on its vow to destroy Israel and “wipe it off the map.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
An American student imprisoned in North Korea was returned to his family blind, deaf and howling incoherently on a stretcher, his parents have said, in their first interview since his death in June.
Fred and Cindy Warmbier's son Otto, 22, had travelled to North Korea as a tourist in January 2016. He was arrested and accused of removing a poster from his hotel, and sentenced to 15 years in prison.
The student fell ill shortly after he was sentenced, doctors believe. The North Koreans said he suffered from botulism and had a violent response to a drug given to help him.
He was denied visits by Swedish embassy officials, acting on behalf of the US, and it was not until June, when the extent of his illness became clear, that he was freed.
Most messaging apps utilize the phone's local address book to jump start a user's network. Typically, these apps connect you with other people who are already on the network by comparing phone numbers. They then prompt you to invite the remaining contacts in your address book to try the app — typically via SMS or email.
Ideally, when suggesting individuals to invite, you want to highlight people that lie in the cross-section of “likely to be invited” and “likely to install/use your app”. But how do you identify these people when you can access only the limited information in the address book. For example, it would be highly valuable if we could see the contacts that a user has flagged as “Favorites”, but the API for iOS does not allow this.
Below, we outline a few techniques that can be used to make better referral suggestions. It's important to emphasize that the effectiveness of these techniques depends upon individual user behavior and device operating system. There is no “silver bullet”, so your best strategy is to employ a variety of methods.
TAMPA -- When Tampa Bay Online reported a few weeks back that a lobbyist rented out a sprawling, upscale restaurant for the whole week of the Republican National Convention, they provided a host of details about the restaurant, the big tabs that the GOP high rollers would run up there from early breakfasts to late hour sessions, even the fact that the lobbyist had run the same kind of insiders dining club at the last three Republican conventions. But they were unable to find out the lobbyist's name, or who he worked for.
That mystery has yet to be solved, but the lobbyist who rented out Jackson's Bistro, according to details of some events that have spilled out in Tampa, has connections with telecom giant AT&T.
AT&T is sponsoring several events at the posh eatery, located on Harbour Island and featuring a prime view of the Tampy Bay Times Forum, the site of the convention. The Michigan delegation threw its kickoff party there Saturday night, which featured top state lawmakers. Guests at the event went home with a stuffed animal elephant with an AT&T logo, the Detroit News reported. AT&T also appears to be sponsoring an Illinois delegation event there on Tuesday afternoon. The Chicago Sun-Times reported that the telecom giant is sponsoring the event, and events lists show that the Illinois delegates will be at Jackson's that afternoon.
Companies are throwing down millions of dollars to help pay for the $55 million program being put on by the GOP host committee in Tampa this week, which can accept unlimited contributions--the list of donors do not have to be reported to the Federal Election Commission until Oct. 15. But companies and lobbyists are also putting on and sponsoring outside events where executives can rub shoulders with members of Congress. There are at least around 200 such events going on this week, and plenty of revelries can be expected next week at Charlotte 's Democratic convention as well. Party Time is tracking the events, and Sunlight is covering the convention on the ground and using Sunlight Live, covering the big convention speeches.
But a lot of the real political work at conventions happens away from the cameras and microphones and behind closed doors at private parties, where politicians rub elbows with the special interests that finance their campaigns.
Jackson's Bistro is booked for private events through Thursday, a restaurant employee confirmed when called Monday. When asked about specific events or to confirm AT&T's role, she said “we can't release that information.”
An AT&T spokesman has not returned an email asking if the company rented the space.
The Tampa Bay Times previously reported that AT&T had rented the space, but it was not clear that they had done so for the entire week. Then a Tampa Bay Online reporter detailed the efforts by a lobbyist to book the space. The lobbyist visted Jackson's a year and a half ago. Six months ago, the lobbyist scouted it as a potential location. The owner, Gregory Stinson, wouldn't tell Tampa Bay Online who the lobbyist was but said his track record at past conventions persuaded him that closing his doors to all but the politically connected would be too lucrative an opportunity to pass up.
AT&T has reported more lobbying spending than any other telecom or tech company on lobbying this year, and the fifth most of any company or interest group--some $10.5 million, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. AT&T's lobbying budget even tops a surging Google, which has built a high tech space (see below) at Tampa's media center, where it plans to hold Google Hangouts on its social media platform, Google+. The company is the official livestream provider of the GOP convention, so it will be broadcasting speeches on YouTube.
Google is not commenting on how much it is spending to provide livestream and build the media area, but a spokesperson said the company is building another "innovation center" in Charlotte. On Thursday Google is partnering with the Young Gun Network, an outside group affiliated with Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-Va., for a private event.
AT&T has been tilting toward the GOP: The contributions from AT&T's PAC, employees and their family members to federal candidates total about $3 million for the 2012 cycle, with about two-thirds of the money going to Republican federal officeholders and candidates, according to CRP.
Only one corporate PAC has contributed more to Republicans in the 2012 cycle than AT&T: Honeywell. AT&T's PAC is third overall this cycle; Eric Cantor's Leadership PAC is the number one contributor.
Even though its lobbying effort to convince the Obama administration to approve a $39 merger with wireless operator T-Mobile approved failed late last year, its lobbying has shown no signs of abetting. Its influence budget this year topped last year's.
In addition to its in-house lobbyists, it has employed 23 other firms or individual lobbyists this year, according to CRP. That leaves a lot lobbyists who might have rented Jackson's Bistro on the telecom giant's behalf.
Please tell me this is a joke
Please tell me this is a joke
Posted Aug 27, 2013 1:59 UTC (Tue) by(guest, #56129)Parent article: Garfield: A Look at PHP's Continuing Evolution
$factor = 3 $triple = array_map(function($elm) use ($factor) { return $elm * $factor; }, $array);
val factor = 3 val triple = array map (_ * factor)
my $factor = 3; my $triple = map { $_ * $factor } @array
factor = 3 triple = [ elm * factor for elm in array ] # or map(lambda x: x * factor, array)
Seriously? Let's take a look at a few other languages: Scala:Perl 5:Python:They couldn't have fucked it up more if they tried, and everybody knows that the rest of PHP is just as broken. And yet this guy does as if PHP were the best thing since sliced bread, it's downright repulsive.
YourFonts.com is an online font generator that allows you to create your own OpenType fonts within a couple of minutes. Go make your own handwriting as a font!
Your own handwriting turned into your very own font
Create fonts with more than 200 characters
Optionally include your signature and digitally sign your contracts
and digitally sign your contracts You'll have your very own font within 15 minutes
Preview your font for free
Make as many fonts as you like
Use your fonts on Windows, Mac OS X and Linux
Personalize your digital scrapbook pages and invitations
Make your own "family handwriting history"
Use your fonts in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and every program that you own
Just $9.95 (plus $5.00 if you upload both template pages) - only purchase if you're satisfied!
High Quality Personal Handwriting Fonts
YourFonts allows you to upload large templates (up to 6000 x 9000 pixels) and it has the most advanced raster to vector conversion algorithm. Together this results in unbeatable high quality personal fonts.
It's easy and fun to digitize your handwriting, so go make your own font now!
Once his full-time Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series career comes to an end in three weeks before he joins the NBC Sports team as a broadcaster in 2018, Dale Earnhardt Jr. will have the luxury of picking and choosing where else he'll race on a case-by-case basis.
But a return to driving in the Rolex 24 at Daytona is an unlikely one, Earnhardt said Friday at Texas Motor Speedway.
Earnhardt's famous first run in the race with father Dale, then Corvette Racing regulars Andy Pilgrim and Kelly Collins in 2001 saw them end second in the GTO class and fourth overall. Teammates Johnny O'Connell, Ron Fellows, Franck Freon and Chris Kneifel scored a famous overall win for Corvette that year.
He also returned in 2004 co-driving a Howard-Boss Motorsports Chevrolet Crawford with Tony Stewart and Andy Wallace. Late-race suspension failure cost that car an overall win and dropped them to fifth overall, and third in the Daytona Prototype (DP) class.
Because of how the now merged IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship series has increased in overall competitiveness and depth of field, Earnhardt said Friday that jumping in for a one-off is much harder now.
“I don't think I'll be (driving) at the 24 Hours of Daytona,” Earnhardt told reporters Friday at Texas. “Back when we did those things, it felt easier to do those one-offs.
“That series is so competitive… you can't come in as a hobby, and it's ‘I'm gonna come in and have fun.' It's so competitive. That series has grown to be so good. It'd be like one of them flirting with NASCAR!”
Earnhardt said he wouldn't want to be a drain on a lineup either. Rolex 24 lineups feature either three, four or five-driver rotations between the three classes.
“I don't think I'd have the success I want to have or be in the equipment I want to be in. Working with the 24-hour race, to run that, you want to do it with people you know.
“I drove for Corvette and Crawford (DP). That was really nerve-wracking… and with teammates I don't know that well and man, I don't want to be the guy that screws that up. So it's a completely different experience.
“If I were to do it again, it'd have to be with drivers I'm friends with. So it's fairly unlikely.”
Earnhardt didn't rule out attending the race as a spectator, as well as potentially visit other events.
“It's a very fun race though. Staying up all night long, that's right up my alley,” he laughed. “It's such a cool atmosphere with the cars running around. It's a race I might go have fun as a spectator at. Watch it on person, or watch on TV.”
As far as other events, Earnhardt said he's limiting his future driving beyond this year to a handful of NASCAR Xfinity Series races with his JR Motorsports team, and perhaps Late Model races.
He's never attended a Formula 1 race either and hopes to do that soon. Jeff Gordon, who co-drove the winning No. 10 Konica Minolta Cadillac DPi-V.R at this year's Rolex 24, has been at both the Singapore and Mexican Grands Prix this season. Daniel Ricciardo, meanwhile, said at Circuit of The Americas last month he planned to see Earnhardt this weekend at Texas.
“I've never been to a Formula 1 race. It's something, you have to check that box,” Earnhardt said.
“There's other series and forms of motorsport that I have equal interest in observing. So that would be awesome. I'm sure there are opportunities that will present themselves.”
Follow @TonyDiZinno
Freedom's Just Another Word
Why don't conservatives love freedom?
Judging by last week's Conservative Political Action Conference, that's a fair question. As Egyptians overthrew the three-decade rule of Hosni Mubarak, politicians who spoke at the annual CPAC gabfest in Washington ranged from silent to grumpy on the subject.
Mitt Romney, perhaps the leading Republican presidential contender, gave a speech without once mentioning the upheaval in Cairo that may signal the most important geopolitical shift since the end of the Cold War. You'd think that anyone who wanted to be president would be paying attention and might have an opinion or two.
Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, also believed to be considering a presidential run, likewise seemed not to have noticed that the world was changing. Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty confined himself to criticizing President Obama for somehow appeasing “Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood.” Rep. Ron Paul of Texas, who won the CPAC presidential straw poll, was at least forthright: He said the United States has no “moral responsibility to spread our goodness around the world” and urged the administration “to do a lot less a lot sooner, not only in Egypt but around the world.”
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich was all over the map. At CPAC, he mentioned “what's happening in Egypt” without commenting further. On Saturday, he told The Associated Press that Mubarak's resignation was “good for the future” but criticized Obama for publicly supporting the dictator's ouster. On Sunday, Gingrich explained on ABC's “This Week” that Obama was right to side with the freedom-loving protesters in Tahrir Square but should have done so privately — as if whispered encouragement, of which there was plenty, had a prayer of making a difference.
Meanwhile, protests sparked by the Egypt uprising are raging across the Arab world — Algeria, Jordan, Yemen, Bahrain. On Monday, the clamor for democracy surfaced in Iran with the first consequential street demonstrations against theocratic rule since 2009.
House Speaker John Boehner, at least, has come out forcefully on the side of freedom. But why the ambivalence from so many prominent conservatives?
For one thing — and I think this applies to most of the tongue-tied potential candidates — there's the fact that all of this is happening on Obama's watch. If everything turns out well, heaven forbid that the president get any credit.
The administration's public comments as the Egyptian revolution unfolded seemed to take two steps forward and one step back, but there was never any real question about Obama's sentiments. The United States was by no means in control of events, but the White House used whatever influence it had to push for a transition.
The conservative mantra has been: Obama Is Always Wrong. Therefore there must be something wrong with the way he handled Egypt — even if it appears, from what we've seen so far, that the result is a historic opening for democracy in the world's most troubled region.
The other possible explanation for the lukewarm conservative reaction is a lack of faith in our most cherished democratic values — at least where majority-Islam countries are concerned.
I'm not talking about Glenn Beck's paranoid fantasy of a vast leftist-Islamist conspiracy for world domination; that's a job for a licensed professional with a prescription pad. I'm talking about people like former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton, who told CPAC that “democracy as we see it” in Egypt would be all right but grumbled that “a democratic election can produce illiberal results.”
In other words, some Egyptians might vote for candidates put forth by the Muslim Brotherhood. It is unlikely that the group would win a majority in free and fair elections — or even that a government headed by the Muslim Brotherhood, if it came to that, would necessarily be more dangerous or hostile than the Mubarak regime. But Bolton and some others seem to believe that only political parties of which the United States approves should be allowed to participate in Egyptian elections.
Former Sen. Rick Santorum, another presidential contender, used his CPAC speech to blast Obama's handling of Egypt; for weeks, Santorum has been claiming that elections there would lead straight to “sharia law.” Pam Geller, the conservative blogger who led opposition to the Lower Manhattan mosque, crashed the CPAC conference and told an interviewer from Mother Jones magazine that Mubarak's fall was “catastrophic” and would lead to sharia law throughout the Middle East.
These conservatives are arguing that the world's 1.2 billion Muslims cannot be trusted to govern themselves. That's not what I call loving freedom.
Eugene Robinson's e-mail address is eugenerobinson(at)washpost.com.
Reviewed by Michael Hickerson (Slice of SciFi Editor)
Forget “Who Shot J.R.?” For my money, the greatest season-ending cliffhanger in television history occurred in the summer of 1990 as the third season of Star Trek: The Next Generation came to a close with Riker uttering three words that would keep me (and tons of other fans) on the edge of their seats for three very long months.
“Mr. Worf, fire!”
If you were watching Next Generation, odds are you recall that moment with your jaw hitting the floor and realizing just how long the next three months were going to be. It was helped by the fact that the 42 minutes leading up to that pivotal moment were the best thing Next Generation had done or ever would do.
“The Best of Both Worlds, Part 1” is in my top five all-time great episodes not only of Star Trek, but also all television. After watching the extras included on the upcoming Blu-Ray release for the story, I'm not alone in this estimation.
I will admit when I first heard the news that Paramount and CBS were releasing “Best of Both Worlds” as a single-release Blu-Ray, I was skeptical. Given that both parts of the story will be part of the season sets made it seem like this was a bit of a double-dip. And while you can get both parts of the story on the season sets, there's enough included in the extras to make it worth your while in picking this one up. Included is a thirty-minute behind the scenes documentary that includes much of the cast and crew from this two part story, reminiscing about the story and its production. Also included are reflections from Seth McFarlane, who shares his memories of wearing out his VHS tape that summer, and Mark A. Altman who reminds us of the behind the scenes details of the time and that there was a slim (very slim) possibility the show sacrifice Picard to the Borg. Running at just under thirty minutes, I found myself engrossed enough in it that I wished it had gone on longer simply because I love the story that much and was eager to learn every single detail I could about it.
Luckily, there's still a commentary by director Cliff Bole, actress Elizabeth Dennehy and the Okudas to help feed that hunger and give some more details and insight into these episodes. Also included is a gag reel with some amusing outtakes and actors flubbing technobabble.
And it's the extras alone that will probably be worth your time and investment in this disc. These extras aren't included on the season set and while it is a double dip, it's worth it. Plus if you pick the disc up when it hits shelves next week, odds are you can find it for a fairly reasonable price. Or if you're a Trek fan who doesn't feel the need to own every episode, this is a nice alternative way to own this fan favorite story and to get a taste of just how great these episodes look and sound when converted to HD. (All you have to do is check out the SD version of the original “Next Time” trailers to see the worlds of difference). But I will warn you that if you buy this disc, it may hook you that if you aren't collecting Next Gen on Blu-Ray yet, you'll be very tempted to open up the wallet for the upgraded sets.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In unusually frank comments, the top U.S. intelligence official acknowledged on Wednesday that spy agencies can target for killing Americans who are involved in terrorism.
Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair delivers a speech on "the future of the U.S. intelligence community" to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce National Security Task Force in Washington July 22, 2009. REUTERS/Richard Clement
“We take direct action against terrorists, in the intelligence community,” Dennis Blair, director of national intelligence, said.
“If ... we think that direct action will involve killing an American, we get specific permission to do that,” he told the House (of Representatives) intelligence committee.
Blair did not mention where the permission came from.
The Washington Post reported last week that President Barack Obama approved a December 24 strike against a compound in Yemen where a U.S. citizen, Anwar al-Aulaqi, was believed to be meeting with regional al Qaeda leaders.
He was not the focus of the strike and was not killed, but is now on a list of targets, the newspaper said. The American advisers in Yemen do not participate in raids but help plan missions and provide weapons, the newspaper report said.
The CIA and the U.S. military's Joint Special Operations Command maintains lists of individuals they seek to kill or capture, and both lists included at least three Americans, The Washington Post said.
The comment on American targets in a public setting is highly unusual from a current intelligence official and even the congressman asking the questions was caught by surprise.
In making such decisions, “whether that American is involved in a group that is trying to attack us, whether that American is a threat to other Americans, those are the factors involved,” Blair said.
“We don't target people for free speech. We target them for taking action that threatens Americans,” he said.
“I'm actually a little bit surprised you went this far in open session,” Republican Congressman Peter Hoekstra said.
Blair replied: “The reason I went this far in open session is I just don't want other Americans who are watching to think that we are careless about endangering — in fact we're not careless about endangering lives at all — but we especially are not careless about endangering American lives as we try to carry out the policies to protect most of the country.”
Bitching about not having enough time to "properly" do a show is a hobby of mine that I'm quite passionate about, so when the opportunity came up to get something togetherlast minute at a club I'd never been to, you better believe I pounced on that like a drunken, mangey cat going after super-mice It's hallucinated in its liquor-fever.It actually wasn't so terrible an opportunity. I mean, yeah, I more or less require 4 months lead time on a show in order to make sure that everything gets done, and done right, so booking a show with less than a month to put everything together was, perhaps, a bit cocky, but I had the guys over at Legion of Andromeda on the hook for a show anyway, so that was 1 band I didn't have to worry about from the start. On top of that, I met the guys in Neuroticos at Blood Rite Vol. 7 , who have just moved up to Tokyo from Hiroshima, and had been wanting to get them on a bill since. I reached out to them about playing the show and it all went pretty smoothly.Of course Retch is on the bill as well (not that a Blood Rite requires us to play, it just tends to happen like that, and especially considering the time limitations, it made sense), so from the start I really only had 1 band to worry about for this event. That band turned out to be one that I've been getting to know a lot better lately, the schizophrenic avant-grinders Self Deconstruction . Very excited to have them on a bill again, especially because this time Retch will be on the bill with them from the start (the last time we played with them was on the Blood Rite Vol. 6 bill when Retch had to fill in last-minute for Danish death metallers Undergang , who were stuck somewhere in Southeast Asia because of a typhoon). Great folks, SxDx, and they got back to me pretty quickly with their answer, which leads me to the next talking point.So it only took a few days for SxDx to get back to me about playing this particular gig, but part of the reason I typically aim for about 4 months to organize a show is that it can take bands a whole lot of fucking time to figure out if they can play a gig or not. A week? Sure, that's kind of understandable, but more than that (as frequently happens) is, in my own honest opinion, not something I can understand very easily, and, if I think about it hard enough, it borders on being mystical - how the fuck can you take so much time for what is, at its base, a yes/no question? A band of 4 people has no more work to do than:1. Bring up the topic of playing a show in a conversation with all band members2. Consider the other bands, the promoter, and the venue3. Consider your schedule4. Make a decision based on (2.) and (3.)5. Inform the promoter of that decisionFactoring in jobs, this should take a day, max. But it doesn't. It takes 2 weeks, or longer, and while it used to be something to get angry about, at some point you realize that its just the way things are and unless you put significant effort into it, its not going to change. Unfortunately, (again, factoring in jobs) I don't have enough time to worry about following up with bands more than I already do, and I certainly don't make enough money putting these shows together to worry about changing this aspect of the scene. Maybe that'll change by itself... Maybe people'll start to care about this shitty blog... Maybe they'll start to get more interested in what's going on in the murky depths of the Japanese underground... Maybe more people will go to shows!... Maybe that'll miraculously funnel more money to BEnB & Blood Rite!!... Maybe, some day, Bloody Ears & Beer, and Blood Rite Productions, and Retch will be this huge & wonderful & influential powerhouse and we'll have both the time and money to address not just this little issue of needing to commit the time to stay on top of bands to get a timely reply from them, but the bigger problems with the world of music in Japan, from promotion & visibility to management & logistics!!!......One can dream. In the meantime, check this show out. It'll be great.March 27th, 2015: Blood Rite Vol. 8 @ Nakano Heavy Sick Zero w/ Retch, Legion of Andromeda, Neuroticos, Self Deconstruction¥1800 + drink645PM open, 710PM start
By |
Episode four is the second part of a story that began in episode three. Ray Speltzer continues to be a bad man doing bad things to essentially nice people. Our protagonist is using the serial killing Minotaur as a lesson for Deb. Dexter needs her to understand why he does what he does, and that he's the same loving brother he's always been. This week, we learned why Viktor meant so much to Isaak, that there's a difference between splatter and spatter, that Quinn may be even dirtier than he looks, and that Vince Masuka has a popular Twitter account. I do not Tweet; but I kind of want to sign up just to see what Masuka Tweets about.
Debra's dream sequence was creepy for a number of reasons. Deb was placed like the victim in the bathtub murders. This conjures images of Trinity—and by extension, Lundy and Rita. Dexter in a tuxedo just looks unnatural. The dream also revisits Deb's big realization from last season. She's in love with Dexter. That's probably why she's letting him get away with murder. But is it that simple? The episode explores this in more detail.
Dexter maintains that he's the same person he's always been, and that nothing needs to be different. Deb believes that everything has changed, and will never be as it was. She suspects her brother of lying all the time now, about everything—going so far as to ask him if he murdered Rita, or if he ever even loved her. Debra simply isn't able to trust her instincts any longer. That's gotta be crippling for any cop.
I'd been wondering since episode two why Isaak was so especially angry about Viktor's disappearance and murder. Whatever the reason was, none of the other Russians seemed to know about it. Novikov didn't think it was a problem to assert that Viktor brought about his own death. After he said it though, the look in Sirko's face suggested otherwise.
I suspected that Viktor and Isaak were either brothers or lovers. Men don't tend to hide vacation photos of themselves with their brothers. After Sirko's wistful trip to Viktor's place, we know why Isaak is so unhappy, why he's swearing revenge, and why no one seems to know about this deep connection between the two of them. Kudos to Showtime, since I really didn't think they'd go there. Not since Caprica have I seen such a tough homosexual gangster. I know I say this every week, but I just can't help mentioning that Ray Stevenson is really, really ridiculously good looking.
By the halfway point of the episode, Deb starts asking all the questions Dexter been asking himself ever since Cody beat up that kid who said he snuck away from the camp out. There wasn't anything Deb could say to make Dexter more aware of the dangers. Still, he did relent and send Harrison to be with his siblings, way out of town. Happily, Jaime also decided to get out of town for a few days to see what trouble she could get in to. Good for her! With Louis dead, I imagine Jaime's troubles are largely behind her.
The scene with Sirko, Novikov and the patsy bartender was a rough one. It's another scene which suggests stark differences between Russian and American culture. This poor bartender would have lamented his choice had he chosen his own life over financial security for his whole family. He and others may have seen him as a selfish coward. But the stereotypically correct American view is that life is always worth more than money. Well—depending on how fervently one believes in capitalism, I guess. I felt bad for the bartender, but will get over it so long as Isaak Sirko makes good on his word.
Speltzer's story took a few twists and turns like the mazes he loves so well. Batista and Deb set him up and knocked him down with a fantastic interrogation that ended in a confession. But the masterfully obtained admission is thrown out due to a vague nod being taken as a statement of assent. Miranda Rights Fail. Speltzer's lawyer also claimed that the cops used excessive force. Having seen the same footage you all did, their level of force seemed wholly appropriate to me. It's also worth mentioning that if Speltzer didn't have a crazy MO that necessitated reenacting the Maze and the Minotaur, Dexter would have been dead.
Batista demonstrated all the reasons we love him in episode four. His part in getting Speltzer's confession was sublime. Later, he stood by Deb and pulled her away from the killer at the victim's funeral; and then he called Dexter to make sure Deb was okay. Batista sniffed out the patsy in Mike Anderson's murder; and he didn't take Quinn up on his offer to hook him up with a sexy Russian stripp—I mean, dancer. Angel seemed overwhelmed with the unending murders and the senseless violence he sees every day. Methinks we should spend as much time with Angel Batista as possible while he's still with us. His departure, one way or another, seems imminent.
My favorite line of the night had to be, “I don't run. I make people run.” It was scary, and funny—much like Dexter's weird freak out where he yells and rages like Speltzer. It both supports and rejects Deb's theory that Dexter loves killing. He does. We knew that already. We just don't mind as much as she does. We like watching him kill bad people. Plus, Speltzer in full Minotaur gear chasing Dexter through the maze? That shit was terrifying! Minotaur axe-having guy should have had his own horror franchise.
Oh, and Hannah is clearly one of those chicks who like to watch men murder people. As such, she seems to have an eye for lizard-brained types like Wayne Randall, and Dexter. I predict more on this next week.
The most revealing and potentially deadly line tonight was Dexter's declaration that “Everything is in my control!” This is, of course, untrue. Dexter should already know that he can't control everything. He's lived through proof after proof of that. The dichotomy here is that Deb is coming to understand why The Code exists, and why Harry and Dexter believe(d) in it. But Dexter is forgetting so much of what he's learned along the way. Making peace with a mistake is not the same as deciding it's okay to repeat it. If Dexter continues to believe he has total control, it will lead him toward taking more foolish risks. With the stakes higher than ever this season, let's hope he comes to his senses.
By the episode's end, both Dexter and Harrison have gone through their toys and gotten rid of those that they've grown out of. For Harrison, this means Lamby, and a few of those wooden puzzles with knobs on all the pieces. For Dexter, it meant getting rid of The Box once and for all.
The episode ended with a question about the nature of humanity. Deb sees that Dexter has killed Speltzer, and is not entirely pleased to realize that she feels good about it. Most people agree that enjoying murder is inhuman. But knowing who Speltzer is and what he's done, it also seems perfectly human to want him dead. Where do we draw the line between humanity, and the alternatives? I imagine by the end of the season, we'll have a much better idea where both of the Morgans draw theirs.
See you next time!
–Wednes
0 of 5
Associated Press
Seventeen quarterbacks drafted in the past three years have started at least one NFL game. They are Blake Bortles, Teddy Bridgewater, Jacoby Brissett, Derek Carr, Jimmy Garoppolo, Jared Goff, Cody Kessler, Paxton Lynch, Johnny Manziel, Marcus Mariota, A.J. McCarron, Zach Mettenberger, Bryce Petty, Dak Prescott, Trevor Siemian, Carson Wentz and Jameis Winston.
Bleacher Report surveyed 42 NFL executives, head coaches, assistant coaches, former longtime executives and retired quarterbacks to get their opinion on which QB they would pick first to start a franchise with.
Only the 17 QBs listed above were eligible for the survey.
Each person surveyed was asked to list the quarterbacks in order. Three points were given for a first-place vote, two for a second and one for a third.
The top vote-getter was slightly obvious, but the rest of the top five made for interesting discussion.
The Florida Gators have a ways to go to catch up with the 2015 recruiting class numbers of some of their rivals and took a step in that direction Friday by gaining a commitment form three-star wide receiver Deondre Farrier (Orlando, FL).
Farrier (6-foot-3, 195 pounds), an incoming senior who hauled in 55 receptions for 909 yards and seven touchdowns last season for Lake Nona High School, picked Florida over Miami, according to InsidetheGators.com recruiting analyst Blake Alderman.
He is the second pass catcher from his school to commit to the Gators in as many recruiting cycles, following in the footsteps of three-star WR Ryan Sousa (Orlando, FL), Lake Nona's No. 1 receiver in 2013 and an incoming freshman at UF this fall.
Farrier is only the Gators' second pledge this cycle, joining three-star defensive back Deontai Williams (Jacksonville, FL), who committed to UF on Jan. 9.
Florida's first 2015 commitment, dynamic four-star wide receiver Da'Vante Phillilps (Miami, FL), gave a verbal pledge to the Gators at Friday Night Lights on July 27, 2013 but backed off from his decision on Dec. 25, 2013 after learning that high school teammate and 2014 four-star running back Dalvin Cook would be switching his commitment to Florida State.
Farrier was offered by Florida on Jan. 3, immediately severed his commitment to South Florida and attended Junior Day in Gainesville, FL on Feb. 1 with wide receivers coach Joker Phillips serving as his primary recruiter. UM offered him Feb. 8 and became the fifth major program to do so along with Cincinnati and Kentucky.
BOSTON -- Though the left quad contusion Avery Bradley suffered Tuesday night against the Toronto Raptors is not considered serious, the starting guard will not travel with the Boston Celtics to their regular season finale.
With the seventh seed clinched, head coach Brad Stevens said he also intends to rest other regulars Wednesday night against the Milwaukee Bucks.
"We'll go deep into our bench," he said after a 95-93 win against Toronto. "That was kind of the plan of attack anyway."
Bradley missed the final 21:59 after exiting early in the third quarter. Based on the early returns, he should be OK to start a first-round playoff series with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
"He left the court. I don't know if you saw that," Stevens said. "He got bumped above the knee, kind of in the quad, and he was a little stiff coming out of halftime. (Trainer Ed Lacerte) actually told me to take him out at the (10)-minute mark of the third quarter. And he just took him back (to the locker room). I have not talked to Avery directly, but everybody that I've talked to says he's fine. He will not play (against Milwaukee), though."
Palestinians gathered here Wednesday to commemorate the day they call al-Naqba, or the catastrophe, when the state of Israel was born in 1948.
They heard their leaders repeat an old promise that someday, somehow, the scattered people would return. They posed for pictures, too, to prove that the Palestinians are still here, that they will not be forgotten.
This was the 65th anniversary of al-Naqba, and the day unfolded according to the script. In Hebron, Nablus and Jenin, they sang folk songs. At the checkpoints into the occupied territories, Palestinian teenagers threw rocks at Israeli soldiers, who answered with tear gas. Everything was the same, except for one thing.
Today there are fewer journalists from Israel covering these events.
Palestinian journalists, who complain of their treatment at the hands of the Israeli government, are waging a campaign to make it harder for Israeli reporters to cover stories in the occupied West Bank. The result is that two peoples who live side by side may soon know even less about each other.
Israeli journalists have been barred by Israel's security forces from entering the Gaza Strip since 2007, when the Islamist militant organization Hamas took over the government there. Israeli officials fear that the reporters would be tempting targets for kidnappers.
Now, members of the shrinking Israeli press corps that regularly covers Palestinian affairs face being ejected from news conferences and questioned by Palestinian security forces in the West Bank.
Palestinian journalists who are friendly with their Israeli colleagues have had their photographs taken, posted on social media sites and labeled “collaborators.”
Organizations that once brought Palestinian and Israeli journalists together for professional conferences no longer sponsor such events, because Palestinian reporters say it will hurt their careers to participate.
“There's now a generation of Israelis and Palestinians who don't even know what the other looks like, except for the stereotypes,” said Suheir Rasul, co-director of the group Search for Common Ground, which focuses on media in conflict zones. “All Israelis are soldiers or Orthodox Jews in black hats, and all Palestinians are construction workers or terrorists.”
She said the obstacles faced by Israeli and Palestinian reporters will only make the situation worse.
For the first time, Palestinian authorities say they will require all Israeli journalists to apply for press credentials; those without may be escorted away by police.
A petition endorsed by 200 Palestinian journalists and circulated in April urges officials to limit access for Israeli reporters in the West Bank, noting that the Israeli government restricts the Palestinians' access in Israel.
“These are journalists fighting for their press freedom by denying us press freedom,” said a veteran Israeli journalist, fluent in Arabic, who has covered the West Bank daily for a decade and spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.
About 50 Palestinian journalists have Government Press Office cards issued by Israel, but almost all of them work for international organizations. Only a handful of Palestinian journalists working for West Bank or Gaza media can report in Israel, and their movements can be severely restricted.
Some Palestinians accuse their Israeli colleagues of providing a false picture of the West Bank. “We have noticed that 95 percent of the Israeli journalists present a line that is aligned with the Israeli military and intelligence services,” said Omar Nazzal, a documentary filmmaker and member of the Palestinian Journalists Syndicate, a union representing 1,500 reporters.
The Israeli journalists who cover the West Bank say that is not true. “I felt myself an ambassador to the Palestinian people. I wanted a solution. For us, for them. I wrote stories; I was crying when I wrote them,” said an Israeli journalist and author with decades of experience covering the “other side,” who also spoke anonymously because he did not want to be singled out for complaining.
The Israeli journalists concede one point in the petition against them: They often did have better access to top officials, including Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, than their Palestinian colleagues.
“Instead of giving Israeli journalists all the interviews, give better access to us,” Nazzal said.
At the al-Naqba rally Wednesday in the central square in Ramallah, there were scores of Palestinian journalists. But the days when one would see a TV crew from Israel may be gone.
“Their coverage is biased against us, so we don't really care,” said Ahmed Sahah, a Palestinian Interior Ministry employee who stood before the stage in a ball cap that called for the Palestinian right to return.
“I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing,” said Meha Siyam, a Palestinian American attending Rutgers law school in New Jersey, who was visiting relatives in the West Bank, when asked about the absence of Israeli reporters. “But it is understandable. It is natural to want to block someone who is blocking you. It's a reaction to the situation. It is a reaction to the stress.”
Sufian Taha and Ruth Eglash contributed to this report.
The Jabhat al-Akrad unit on the day of its declaration. Photo: Algad TV.
The Free Syrian Army (FSA), the main armed opposition to the Damascus regime, does not allow ethnic divisions within its ranks, and its Jabhat al-Akrad – or Kurdish Front – is just another unit fighting for the common goal of toppling the Damascus dictatorship, its commander said.
In an interview with Rudaw, Haji Ahmed Kurdi, head of the Kurdish unit that is part of the FSA, said that the Syrian opposition wants to remain free from ethnic divisions.
“Kurds in Syria live in various Arab cities, towns, and villages. We wanted Kurds to have a common organization in these regions with other ethnicities. Therefore, we established Jabhat al Akrad,” he said.
Ahmed explained that the FSA does not form its battalions based on ethnic identity, and that they are all fighting for the same goal of toppling the regime of President Bashar al-Assad.
But he added that, while the Kurds in the FSA have been fighting for the same common cause, they still wanted their identity on display to highlight Kurdish participation in the Syrian revolution.
“Our purpose to choose that name was not for ethnic reasons; it was rather to highlight our own stand in the revolution,” he said.
“That is why we formed Jabhat al Akrad. The support for us can be seen in the field as we are growing steadily, and organize ourselves in all Syrian cities,” he claimed.
Kurdish opposition forces have so far formally stayed out of Syrian civil war, which is in its third year. But there are many Kurdish fighters among the various FSA units.
According to Ahmed, the Kurdish Front has 7,000 fighters. It was his unit that made the famous capture of Abu Musab, head of the extremist Islamic Jabhat al-Nusra, which is allied with the FSA, but is loyal to Al-Qaeda.
Ahmed complained that radical Islamist groups, like Jabhat al-Nusra and many like it sending jihadist recruits to Syria from the Middle East and beyond -- are taking over the Syrian civil war and trying to exercise Al-Qaeda's agenda.
“They operate under a variety of different names, but are all loyal to Al-Qaeda,” Ahmed said, complaining they had virtually taken control of the FSA.
“These extremist groups were able to suppress most FSA formations, and marginalized their power. They have seized most of the institutions left from the Assad regime,” he said.
The Syrian war has recently grown even more complex, with clashes between Islamist recruits and Kurdish groups in the country's Kurdish regions.
Ahmed said that the Islamist groups now controlling the FSA wanted to bring the Kurds also under their thumb. “We rejected it; that is why they are attacking us.”
Ahmed said that the threat of Islamist groups gaining control of Syria is increasing by the day.
He urged the international community, especially the United States and Turkey, to exert greater pressure on the Islamic groups and lend a hand to the FSA.
Google is over 4G internet and wants to beam 5G to you from the sky.
The company is now experimenting with solar drones that deliver 5G Internet, reports The Guardian.
The project, called SkyBender, involves several prototype transceivers and multiple drones, which are housed at Virgin Galactic's Gateway to Space terminal in New Mexico's Spaceport America. Information about the secret project, which is part of the Google Access team that includes Project Loon, was gleaned from documents that were obtained in accordance with public record laws.
SkyBender works with millimeter wave radio transmissions, which, "can theoretically transmit gigabits of data every second, up to 40 times more than today's 4G LTE systems," The Guardian wrote.
Jacques Rudell, University of Washington in Seattle professor of electrical engineering, tells The Guardian the advantage to this technology is that the "existing cellphone spectrum is overcrowded." However, millimeter wave transmissions have a shorter range than that of a mobile phone signal, which is something the experiments are likely striving to improve.
SkyBender is working with, "an “optionally piloted” aircraft called Centaur as well as solar-powered drones made by Google Titan, a division formed when Google acquired New Mexico startup Titan Aerospace in 2014." The FCC has granted Google permission to continue tests until July 2016.
Calif. Lawyer Proposes Ballot Initiative To Kill Gays And Lesbians
Enlarge this image toggle caption Noah Berger/AP Noah Berger/AP
California's system of direct democracy — the voter initiative process — has produced landmark laws reducing property taxes, banning affirmative action and legalizing medical marijuana.
Now there's a bid to declare that "the people of California wisely command" that gays and lesbians can be killed.
You read that right.
The "Sodomite Suppression Act," as proposed, calls sodomy "a monstrous evil" that should be punishable "by bullets to the head or any other convenient method."
The act would punish anyone who distributes "sodomistic propaganda" to minors with a $1 million fine, and/or up to 10 years in prison, and/or the possibility of a lifetime expulsion from California.
The proposal comes from a Huntington Beach-based attorney, Matt McLaughlin. He did not return calls for comment, and his voice mailbox is full.
Now maybe you're thinking there's no way such a blatantly illegal measure would ever be approved by California voters.
But here's the rub: We might get a chance to find out, because it appears that there's no legal way for state officials to stop the author of this proposal from collecting enough voter signatures to put it on the ballot.
Legal experts are left shaking their heads.
Vikram Amar, a constitutional law professor at the University of California, Davis, said he is almost reluctant to even get drawn into the discussion "to give this guy the attention he wants."
Still, Amar noted there are at least two big issues at stake.
One, given that it costs only $200 to submit an initiative and start the signature-gathering process in California, perhaps the fee should be higher to discourage people from abusing the process. (On the other hand, that could make it prohibitive for legitimate grass-roots petitions to gain traction without well-off backers.)
Two, some advocate that the state attorney general, the official whose job duties include writing a title and summary for any proposed initiative, should have the authority to kill a proposal that would conflict with superseding law — like murder. (Of course, then elected partisan officials with their own political agendas would be the filters.)
But both of those ideas raise their own problems, Amar said.
"Anyone who has 200 bucks for an initiative, probably can raise 2,000 bucks," he said. "But raise it to something meaningful like [10,000] or 20,000 bucks, then you're sending a message about the accessibility of direct democracy."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Vogel/AP Richard Vogel/AP
Kim Alexander, president of the California Voter Foundation, favors raising the fee, even though she said, "It won't stop people from submitting crazy ideas."
Like Amar, Alexander does not favor the idea of allowing an elected official, in this case Attorney General Kamala Harris, to block the measure outright by calling it illegal.
The initiative process "needs to be kept at arm's length from the Legislature and the politicians who frequently want to usurp its power," Alexander said.
The initiative's author has provoked discussion and controversy. In fact, there have been calls for McLaughlin to be disbarred for advocating murder.
But, in the end, Amar doubts his idea will ever get enough voter signatures to qualify for the ballot. It's estimated that a ballot-initiative campaign in California costs about $1 million to collect the 365,888 signatures to qualify.
It will take several million dollars more to get enough signatures for such a controversial idea, Amar contends.
"But if I get approached by someone asking me to sign this thing," Amar said, "that will spoil my day having to think about this guy."
CONTENTS
I. Introduction -- The Jews as a Race
II. The General History of the Jews
III. History of the Jews in England
IV. Character of the Jews
V. The Influence of the Jews
VI. Conclusion
PREFACE
IN THE FOLLOWING PAGES it is proposed to deal as briefly, exhaustively and authoritatively as possible with all the main problems relating to the Jews in England, so that Englishmen may have a basis of reliable doctrine and fact on which to found their attitude towards the whole question.
At the very outset it is important to warn the reader that the high feeling created over this question, through recent anti-Semitic measures adopted in Germany, has not unnaturally tended to obscure many of the most important issues which have to be decided. Many statements made by both sides in the controversy, ever since the advent of the National Socialists to power, are of a kind which -- particularly when they claim to be objective and scientific -- reflect but little credit upon those responsible for them. They display none of that impartial spirit in which history, anthropology or characterology can usefully be taught, and sometimes compare so unfavourably with the work of those investigators, such as Milman, Renan, Cunningham, Ripley, Keane, etc., who wrote in quieter times, that their heat and bias are immediately obvious even to the uninformed.
By restricting the following discussion chiefly to facts which are more or less established, and to authorities who are predominantly Jewish, it is hoped, in spite of the still appreciable warmth of the disputants on either side in Europe, to avoid the bias of the partisan and the speciousness of the debater. If, however, in thus attempting to recover the calm of the pre-Hitler historians, it will hardly be possible to please the extremists through our lack of violence, and the liberals through our statement of many unpalatable and seemingly offensive truths, the earnest English student, it is believed, will give us his support, and it is to him rather than to modern Germans or Jews that this treatise is addressed.
The subject will be divided into six sections, as follows:
1. Introduction. The Jews as a race.
2. The general history of the Jews up to the time of the Roman Dispersion.
3. The history of the Jews in England.
4. The character of the Jews.
5. The influence of the Jews.
6. Conclusions.
These subdivisions will now be dealt with in the order given.
_____________
Go to next section
Go back to Table of Contents
Return to Kevin Alfred Strom main page
Who was Anthony Ludovici?
Transcription by M.P. Shiel ©2001
HTML Copyright ©2001 Kevin Alfred Strom, all rights reserved.
JIJI PRESS/AFP/GETTY IMAGES
In its battle against a sluggish economy, Japan's government is gearing up to make cost savings through a root-and-branch reform of the country's science system, merging some of its most prominent research organizations.
Plans approved by the government's cabinet on 20 January would consolidate the RIKEN network of basic-research laboratories with the National Institute for Materials Science (NIMS), the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology (JAMSTEC), the National Research Institute for Earth Science and Disaster Prevention (NIED) and the Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) — the national funding body (see Five into one).
“This is the result of our aim to create the world's leading science and technology while slashing wasteful spending and making the organization as compact as possible,” said Tenzo Okumura, a senior vice-minister of the education and science ministry, at a press conference last week. The policy would probably create an overarching body to supervise all five institutions, which would share more of their research and administrative resources, and lose some of their executive directors.
But with few details about the timing, potential cost savings or full implications of the change, many researchers are concerned that it could be a recipe for harsh funding cuts and even greater bureaucracy.
Five into one Japan's plans to integrate key science organizations are likely to affect thousands of researchers. Institution/function Staff Annual budget (2010/11) RIKEN (fundamental research) 2,900 staff scientists ¥93 billion
(US$1.2 billion) National Institute for Materials Science 407 researchers ¥25.6 billion
(US$336 million) Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology 396 researchers ¥53.7 billion
(US$706 million) National Research Institute for Earth Science and Disaster Prevention 187 (all staff) ¥10.5 billion
(US$138 million) Japan Science and Technology Agency (funding) 1,500 (all staff) ¥118 billion
(US$1.55 billion) Source: RIKEN/NIMS/JAMSTEC/NIED/JST
“The plan isn't intended to improve the research system,” says Tasuku Honjo, a molecular biologist at Kyoto University and a former member of the Council for Science and Technology Policy, the government's top science advisory body. “Each of the institutes has fundamentally different characteristics, so I feel they would be very difficult to integrate effectively.”
JST president Michiharu Nakamura, however, is optimistic about the change. “The new organization will be expected to play the main part in leading the national innovation,” he says. “We will work hard to keep the independence of our fund-distribution process after the integration, as well as to strengthen the cooperation between stakeholders such as the academic community and industries.” The plan would also merge the National Institute of Radiological Sciences (NIRS) with the Japan Atomic Energy Agency. The government says that this will speed up and strengthen its commitment to mitigating the Fukushima accident, and help to improve nuclear safety measures.
The news comes as the government scrambles to gain public support for tax hikes while cutting public spending. Since the Democratic Party of Japan took power in 2009, the Government Revitalization Unit (GRU), a budget watchdog chaired by the prime minister, has been reviewing government-funded projects and organizations to find savings (see Nature http://doi.org/bs75dv; 2010).
“The GRU rapidly came up with the plan a month ago and pushed forward without much discussion,” says Atsushi Sunami, a science-policy specialist at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies (GRIPS) in Tokyo. Legislation to enact the overhaul will be submitted to Japan's parliament, the Diet, in the coming months. If passed, the changes would take effect in April 2014. More institutes may be added to the integration plan during discussions in the Diet, say policy experts.
The government also intends to set up a third-party audit system to evaluate administration and performance more strictly. The idea of more governance worries Sukekatsu Ushioda, president of NIMS. “Currently, the NIMS president has sufficient authority, so the decision-making process is fast. We at NIMS can often take new actions shortly after a board meeting,” he says. “But if a higher management is added above NIMS, the decision-making would be slower and it would be difficult to take dynamic approaches.”
Loading ... Loading ...
In a move that will likely provoke further media, and pundit, fury despite it being a routine act that is concurrent with every change in administration, Attorney General Jeff Sessions has asked all remaining Obama-appointed U.S. Attorneys for their resignation.
Sarah Isgur Flores, Director of Public Affairs at the Department of Justice, released the following statement:
“As was the case in prior transitions, many of the United States Attorneys nominated by the previous administration already have left the Department of Justice. The Attorney General has now asked the remaining 46 presidentially appointed U.S. Attorneys to tender their resignations in order to ensure a uniform transition. Until the new U.S. Attorneys are confirmed, the dedicated career prosecutors in our U.S. Attorney's Offices will continue the great work of the Department in investigating, prosecuting, and deterring the most violent offenders.”
Trump had previously asked the Obama-appointed U.S. attorney in Manhattan, Preet Bharara, to stay on. In addition, the Obama-appointed U.S. attorney in Alexandria, Virginia, Dana Boente, is currently serving as acting deputy attorney general, and Trump has nominated the Obama-appointed U.S. Attorney for Maryland, Rod Rosenstein, for the deputy attorney general, Politico adds.
However, as NBC adds, Preet Bharara is one of the Attorneys asked to resign, suggesting that something may have changed in the amicable relationship between Trump and Bharara in the past few months.
The issue of removing U.S. attorneys at the change of administration has been a contentious one in past years. According to Politico, in 2007, President George W. Bush's administration sought to defend his firing of eight U.S. attorneys by asserting that President Bill Clinton had fired all sitting U.S. attorneys in 1993 “in one fell swoop,” as a top aide to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales put it. However, that was not true. In both the Clinton and Bush administrations, the vast majority of U.S. attorneys were replaced in the first year, the Los Angeles Times reported in 2007. The Clinton team asked for resignation letters in March, but also allowed many prosecutors to stay until their successors were confirmed. Trump has not yet formally nominated anyone to a U.S. attorney post.
Today's decision, long-overdue according to many, comes less than two months after then President-elect Trump said on January 18 he would allow U.S. attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama to remain in their roles for the time being. Before the announcement, officials in several U.S. attorneys' offices told The Huffington Post they had received no guidance from the incoming administration on whether they were expected to resign when Trump became president.
“Currently serving U.S. Attorneys and U.S. Marshals were informed today that they are able to stay in place after January 20th while the process for identifying and confirming successors is further determined,” Wyn Hornbuckle, a DOJ spokesman, said in a statement. The Executive Office for United States Attorneys informed the officials of the decision, he said.
As a reminder, it is standard practice for a new president to appoint his own U.S. attorneys, who are political appointees.
In retrospect, this decision should perhaps have been taken earlier, especially in the context of the constant pushback Trump's immigration EO – both original and revised – has received by various Obama-appointed Attorneys in the past month.
The bottom line, however, is that what Sessions has done, is considered standard operating procedure, and if anything Trump was late making the announcement. Sessions' request for the U.S. attorneys' resignations comes as he prepares to implement a series of significant policy shifts at the department, pushing for tougher prosecution of gun and drug offenses and parting company with the Obama administration's embrace of more lenient sentences for some drug convicts.
Source: www.zerohedge.com
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
ADVERTISEMENT
BY KEVIN SAWYER – The state of New Jersey has demanded that Marcia DeOliveira-Longinetti pay off her son's student loans even though he was murdered last year at the age of 23. New Jersey, like many states, has a student loan program in place but, unlike may state, it is almost impossible to get a loan excused.
After Marcia informed the Higher Education Student Assistance Authority of New Jersey that her son had been murdered and that she would like his student loans forgiven, she received back a letter from them that stated: “Please accept our condolences on your loss. After careful consideration of the information you provided, the Authority has determined that your request does not meet the threshold for loan forgiveness. Monthly bill statements will continue to be sent to you.”
This is what many bankruptcy lawyers, and others, are seeing as a rise in, what bankruptcy lawyer Dan Frischberg has called, “state sanctioned loan sharking.”
New Jersey is, indeed, like the standard loan sharking operation. Death, incapacity, even homelessness, will not excuse the debt. They come after everyone with equal tenacity.
Marcia said that, “We're not going to be poor because of this but every time I have to pay this it just seems so unfair.”
The debt repayment is $180 a month and Marcia has already made 18 of them. She still has 92 left to send in.
When the government, any government, decides you owe them, the threat of prison time is usually all of the leverage it needs. Most bureaucrats tend to be bullies so take what they do very seriously despite the effect it might have on some one. Recently, a New Jersey resident named Chris Gonzales has been battling non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. He has become so sick that he lost a good job working for Goldman-Sachs. Even the federal government recognized his struggle and his current condition and forgave all of his federal loans. Not New Jersey, though. New Jersey not only sued Chris, but intercepted his state income tax refund that he desperately needs for day to day survival.
Several years ago, New Jersey substituted the federal loans it offered with state ones. New Jersey students had little choice or recourse. It's loans exceed $350 million a year and the state is currently sitting on over $2 billion in debt that needs to be repaid. While many states forgive student loans if the student becomes disabled or dies, New Jersey takes another path.
It offers to sell life insurance to those who take out loans with them.
PHOTO CREDIT: Marcia DeOliveira-Longinetti
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Doctor Who boss Steven Moffat is close to completing a script which will see the current Doctor, Matt Smith, needing the assistance of ALL his TARDIS predecessors - even if three of them have died.
The 50th anniversary special, to be broadcast in November, will use studio trickery to resurrect the first three Doctors - William Hartnell, Patrick Troughton and Jon Pertwee - in brief flashback scenes.
Tom Baker, Peter Davison, Colin Baker, Sylvester McCoy and Paul McGann have all signed up to record an anniversary audio adventure, and are keen to appear in the historic TV show, too.
Christopher Eccleston is said to be reconsidering an earlier decision not to take part, and David Tennant - a friend of Moffat - has hinted that he has been invited to reprise his role.
The final key to the special was Eccleston, who had previously said that he had no plans to return to the role but recently conceded he believed he “still had more to do with the character”.
However, companions such as Karen Gillan (Amy Pond), Billie Piper (Rose Tyler), Arthur Darvill (Rory) and Freema Agyeman (Martha Jones) have all indicated that they are not involved.
There may, however, be a role for Alex Kingston, who plays the Doctor's wife and who may be responsible for bringing all the previous incarnations together - against the Time Lord's wishes.
Both Matt Smith and David Tennant are tight-lipped about the adventure.
“We're as much in the dark as the majority of other people,” says Smith.
“I haven't seen the script so I have no idea what is happening. One thing's for sure, we'll make it the biggest in the show's history.”
Tennant, interviewed on a radio show, claimed that he had yet to be invited – but gave the presenter a knowing wink.
It will not be the first time that previous Doctors have been gathered together. The 10th anniversary in 1973 was celebrated by The Three Doctors, starring Pertwee and Troughton, with film of Hartnell on a computer screen.
The 20th anniversary was marked by The Five Doctors, with Davison, Troughton and Pertwee joined by Hartnell lookalike Richard Hurndall, with film footage of Tom Baker, who had declined to take part.
The 30th anniversary – after the series had been axed – was celebrated with a bizarre charity crossover, which found McCoy, Pertwee, Tom Baker, Davison and Colin Baker in an episode of EastEnders.
The show was not on air when the 40th anniversary rolled round but an audiotape adventure starred McGann, Colin Baker, McCoy and Davison with additional archive recordings of Pertwee.
Moffatt, who has admitted to feeling ‘half-excited, half-terrified' by the project, said earlier this month: “You can't please everybody but you don't want anybody to feel let down by a big anniversary episode.”
- This article first appeared on birminghammail.co.uk.
That Surgery of Doctors in full…
1. William Hartnell (1963-1966)
2. Patrick Troughton (1966-1969)
3. Jon Pertwee (1970-1974)
4. Tom Baker (1974-1981)
5. Peter Davison (1981-1984)
6. Colin Baker (1984-1986)
7. Sylvester McCoy (1987-1989 & 1996)
8. Paul McGann (1996)
9. Christopher Eccleston (2005)
10. David Tennant (2005-2010)
11. Matt Smith (2010-present)
* For more geek talk from Paul Cole, check out Anorak City - the Sunday Mercury's cult TV and sci-fi blog.
Harper Collins is one of the largest publishers in the world selling millions of books every year, but when it comes to one of their most famous authors their anti-piracy strategy is somewhat of a mystery. This week the publisher sent a wave of copyright infringement notices to Google asking it to remove search engine links to its very own Agatha Christie books on Apple's iTunes.
In 2010 and 34 years after her death, HarperCollins secured a deal to become Agatha Christie's global publisher.
The deal, a lucrative seven-digit amount covering 80 books, was signed on what would have been Christie's 120th birthday.
Even after the passing of all those years there is still money to be made, with HarperCollins predicting sales of a million Christie books every year, and not only in print either. The deal also allowed HarperCollins to exploit the books in digital format too.
Of course, as with any product online there are people out there prepared to exploit the same content digitally, through more unofficial channels. To that end HarperCollins has been hiring anti-piracy companies to remove files and links from the Internet in the hope that unauthorized content will be harder to find. However, there have been unintended consequences.
In a notice HarperCollins sent to Google via anti-piracy company Digimarc (here), the company requested the takedown of 1,000 URLs. Google wasn't 100% happy with the request and refused to remove most of them, 914 URLs in total.
The exact reasons why that huge number of URLs were rejected will become clear when the full notices are published by ChillingEffects in due course, but drilling down into one specific domain said to be engaged in piracy – Apple.com – we can see a selection of the takedowns were for Agatha Christie books.
At this point Google's refusal to comply becomes clear. In a crazy attempt at self-censorship, HarperCollins/Digimarc had asked the search engine to remove listings of their very own official Christie products for sale on iTunes.
– Motive v. Opportunity: A Miss Marple Short Story (link)
– Death on the Nile (link)
– The Mysterious Affair at Styles (link)
– Poirot Investigates (link)
– Poirot and the Regatta Mystery (link)
– Postern of Fate (Tommy & Tuppence) (link)
– Problem at Pollensa Bay (link)
And the problem continues.
A further notice (here) with another 1000 URLs had 917 takedown requests rejected by Google. It lists nine Christie books (seven explicitly marked as HarperCollins products) and asks for them all to be taken down from iTunes.
Another here requesting 267 takedowns had 249 rejected by Google. At least two were official publications on iTunes.
In nine additional notices (here) asking Google to remove 9,000 URLs, the search engine rejected 7,829 of them.
Nope: Google doesn't want to let HarperCollins ruin its own business
We won't go through every single notice in detail here, but one in particular provokes a vigorous shaking of the head. In Notice 982803 HarperCollins asks for 1000 URLs to be taken down and Google rejected 901. Among other things it requests that Google delist iTunes pages carrying four Agatha Christie books, three of which (1,2,3) aren't even available on the site and are marked as “Expected Release: 13 March 2014.”
Taking down listings on Google linking to your own official content on iTunes claiming that it's been pirated by Apple three whole months before its even been released – that has to be a first.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, we have not received a response to our request for comment.
Update January 28 We just received the following statement from Digimarc:
Digimarc Guardian recently issued requests to Google to remove a number of URLs from their search index related to Agatha Christie titles being sold without license on iTunes in the United Kingdom. Unfortunately, due to a technical error, these 123 total URLs included some links related to valid iTunes content. We regret the error and have addressed the issue.
Certain other sets of URLs in the removal request cited in the TorrentFreak article also received no action when reviewed by Google. It appears that in many of those cases, the specified content had already been taken offline, in response to valid DMCA notices directly issued to the hosting sites by Digimarc Guardian, on behalf of HarperCollins.
TOKYO - An outlet of popular ramen chain Ichiran was on Wednesday (Nov 29) raided by Japanese police on suspicions that it was illegally hiring a Vietnamese worker.
Police searched a shop at the Dotonbori downtown entertainment district in Osaka, as well as the chain's main headquarters in Fukuoka on the southwestern island of Kyushu.
Their raids came one day after Osaka police nabbed a 29-year-old Vietnamese woman for illegally working at the restaurant chain without the necessary work permits.
Ichiran has gained immense popularity among visitors from Singapore and around the world for its brand of tonkatsu pork-based broth and thin Hakata-style ramen. Its unique selling point is its concept of partitioned seats in-store, which it dubs as private "flavour-concentration booths" to promote solo dining.
Police said that the unnamed woman had come to Japan as an international student at a vocational school. She began working at the Dotonbori store as a part-time employee in July last year.
But she was expelled from her school in March this year, police said, which meant she would also have lost her rights to continue being employed.
When a business operator hires a foreigner, Japanese laws mandate that the status of their residence as well as length of stay be notified to labour authorities. While Ichiran has been doing so, police have found that the company had failed to report this in the case of the arrested Vietnamese employee.
A company spokesman was quoted by public broadcaster NHK as saying on Wednesday that the woman did not declare to the firm that she has been expelled from school.
"This was a fact that we were unable to independently find out on our own. That said, we will work to strengthen our system of checks."
The chain, which was founded in 1993 in Fukuoka, now has 69 outlets throughout Japan and four abroad - two in Hong Kong and one each in Taiwan and New York.
Of the 6,300 part-time employees working across the 69 Japan stores, about 1,200 are foreigners, NHK reported.
The pushbuttons (like the momentary https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11966 or latching https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11971 ) have an indication of the pinout of the buttons on the side of the plastic molding. One way to test the switch is to use a multimeter turned to the continuity setting. Here are what the pins (not in any particular order associated with the pushbutton's spades):
+ = LED Anode - = LED Cathode C = "Common Ground" NC = Normally Closed NO = Normally Open
One way to light the LED on the metal push button would require you to wire it so that when you press down on the button, the LED would light up. You would need 5V to light the LED ring. It can be lit up with a smaller voltage but the LED won't light up as bright.
To connect the battery to the button so that it only lights when the switch is pressed down (momentary or latched), you would connect 5V to the "+" pin on the switch. This is assuming that your system is using the same voltage source that is 5V. Then from the "+" pin, you would wire it to the normally open (NO) pin.
Another wire would be connected from the "-" pin to the C pin. The C pin would essentially be connected to your ground. So as you press down on the button, it would flip the switch and complete the circuit from the normally closed (NC) pin to normally open (NO) pin while lighting the LED ring at the same time. It might be a good idea to use a current limiting resistor (like standard 330Ohm resistor) if you are using 5V directly from your power supply. The LED won't be as bright but you also wouldn't be reducing the life of the LED. I am not sure of the electrical characteristics of the LED that is in the pushbutton.
Edwin Coe has produced a summary of the Cases to be presented to the Supreme Court next week with regards to the Article 50 challenge.
Appellant
Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union
Respondents
The Queen on the application of (1) Gina Miller (2) Deir Tozetti Dos Santos
Interested Parties
(1) Graham Pigney and others
(2) AB, KK, PR and children
Interveners
(1) George Birnie and others
(2) The Lord Advocate
(3) The Counsel General for Wales
(4) The Independent Workers Union of Great Britain
SUMMARY OF THE CASES BEFORE THE SUPREME COURT
Beginning 5 December 2016, the 11 Supreme Court justices will assess the case as to whether Parliament must approve the triggering of Article 50 and thereby officially set in motion Britain's exit from the European Union. This case is of huge constitutional importance and arguments will be made by the appellant, two co-respondents, two interested parties and five interveners including representatives from Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
A brief summary of the arguments to be put forward follows:
THE GOVERNMENT (the Appellant)
The main thread of the Government's argument surrounds the construction of the European Communities Act 1972. It is their view that, following the result of the referendum, it was the intention of Parliament that the UK's future in relation to the EU should be decided solely by the Government. This would be achieved by using, they say, the well-established principle of the Royal Prerogative. The Government submit that the onus has to be on the Claimants to highlight where in the ECA 1972 the Royal Prerogative powers were removed. The Government has argued that these prerogative powers have never been removed by the ECA 1972 or some other relevant statute.
Indeed the Government contend that the power to activate Article 50 is a classic example of the proper and well established use of royal prerogative with regard to treaty making and breaking. It is the Government's case that:
The use of the executive power is suitable as it is to be used to give effect to the will of the British people in respect of the wholly democratic referendum result.
Parliament has had several opportunities already to restrict the Government's prerogative powers with regard to the EU exit. The most recent example of this being the recent European Referendum Act 2015.
In any event it is “very likely” that any treaty from negotiations with EU members will go to both houses of Parliament for ratification.
In regards to the intervention from Scotland, the Government will argue that Holyrood should not be able to wield a veto and foreign affairs, including the signing and repealing of international treaties, is a matter that is reserved to Westminster.
GINA MILLER (first respondent)
Miller's case proffers that it would be both archaic and unconscionable to allow the Government to take certain actions (such as invoking Article 50) without first securing parliamentary approval.
The submissions of Miller will essentially repeat the points that were successfully put forward at the High Court hearing last month. The salient point being that triggering Article 50 will destroy rights on which only UK parliament can legislate. An act of Parliament can only be undone by an act of Parliament. Below are the main legal points behind Miller's case:
Triggering Article 50 would destroy rights that were established by UK parliament's decision to pass the European Communities Act (1972) – rights that only parliament can destroy.
The Court has the power and duty to decide questions of law, regardless of whether the judgment pleases politicians or the press (the judges who made the High Court ruling came under attack from various right-wing newspapers and pro-Brexit politicians).
The Appellant fails to grasp basic “fundamental principles” of UK law – including parliamentary sovereignty, legality, and the constitutional status of the European Communities Act.
The issue of future Brexit legislation, like the Great Repeal Bill, is irrelevant because just the notification of Article 50 will result in statutory rights being destroyed without MPs having a say.
DIER DOS SANTOS (represented by Edwin Coe and the second respondent)
The case on behalf of Mr Santos will also maintain the core arguments that were raised and agreed with by the High Court in “emphatic terms”. The arguments behind Mr Santos' case focus firmly on the well enshrined principle of Parliamentary Sovereignty:
That the use of the royal prerogative would be unconscionable in that it would undermine Parliamentary Sovereignty, a principle that dates back to the Bill of Rights and a fundamental pillar of the UK's constitution.
Further, and in any event, there is no prerogative power to give notification under Article 50.
The Government accepts that the UK's withdrawal from the EU by invoking Article 50 “will undoubtedly lead to the removal of rights and obligations currently conferred or imposed by EU Law.” It is submitted on behalf of Mr Santos that these rights were not granted subject to a condition that they might then be destroyed by the use of a prerogative power.
There is nothing in the 1972 Act, any of the subsequent legislation surrounding the EU treaties, in the 2002 Act or in the recent European Referendum Act 2015 that conveys any such Royal Prerogative power to the Government to enable them to invoke Article 50 without Parliamentary approval.
A referendum is advisory only and the result is not legally binding – nothing can alter the fact that it is for Parliament to take into account the result of the referendum.
PIGNEY AND OTHERS (first interested party)
Pigney and Others are a group of interested parties who are concerned that their status as EU citizens, and the rights that they enjoy as a result of their citizenship, will be permanently removed through the actions of the Government. Their arguments include the following:
That it is no mere general principle but a fundamental feature of our constitution that the executive cannot vary the law of the UK by the use of the prerogative.
That through a historical analysis there is no basis for the Court to find that the Government retains any prerogative power to destroy existing rights, in the field of foreign affairs or otherwise.
AB, KK, PR and children (second interested party)
The second interested party represents a large group of people including EU citizens and children residing in the UK who derive their right to do so from EU law that has been implemented into domestic law. They make the points that:
The Government cannot lawfully use the royal prerogative to give notification under Article 50 as to do so would fundamentally impact the fundamental rights and interests of children and EEA nationals in that on withdrawal from the EU they will be exposed to potential criminal liability and removal.
It is of note that following the result of the referendum there was a 41% increase in racially or religiously aggravated crimes recorded by police in England and Wales.
Children did not have a right to vote, or to be heard in the referendum. It is therefore of constitutional importance that their position is considered by Parliament.
That the only constitutional and democratically accountable way that these claimants' interests can be represented is through a proper debate in Parliament and not through the arbitrary exercise of the Royal Prerogative.
George Birnie and others (first intervener)
Known as the Expat Interveners – they are a group of expats who believe that their rights will be undermined through the Government unilaterally invoking Article 50. They argue that:
That only Parliament can remove statutory rights which it has itself created.
The Government state that the decision has already been made to leave the EU and cannot be turned back on. The Expat Interveners submit that no decision has yet been taken by the Secretary of State to leave the EU. Alternatively, any such decision that has been taken is likely to have been unlawful on traditional public law grounds.
The effect of Article 50 notification is to destroy fundamental rights relied upon by the Expat Interveners outside of the jurisdiction of England and Wales.
SCOTLAND (second intervener, represented by the Lord Advocate)
Lawyers for the Scottish Government have been allowed to intervene in the Supreme Court hearing to put forward arguments that are unique to Scotland:
The Scottish Government is clear that triggering Article 50 will directly affect devolved interests and rights in Scotland.
That triggering Article 50 will inevitably deprive Scottish people and Scottish businesses of rights and freedoms which they currently enjoy.
That it simply cannot be right that such fundamental rights of the Scottish people can be removed by the UK Government on the say-so of the executive without parliamentary debate, scrutiny or consent.
Any changes to the legislative competence of the Scottish Parliament and/or the executive or legislative competence of the Scottish Government may not be effected by an act of the executive alone.
The Sewel Convention dictates that when the UK Parliament will take steps that affect the rights of citizens of Scotland, the consent of the Scottish Parliament should be sought. The rights of citizens will be affected by Brexit and therefore the consent of the Scottish Parliament should be sought before service of the Article 50 Notice.
WALES (third intervener, represented by The Counsel General For Wales)
Representatives from Wales too have been given permission to intervene creating the unprecedented scenario where there is now a legal battle over the role and status of three parliaments. The Welsh believe that Parliament should hold debate before triggering Article 50 and have argued that:
Giving notification will modify the competence of the National Assembly for Wales and the Welsh Government. The prerogative power cannot be used to dispense with statutory provisions in this way.
Devolution means that the UK is governed by four administrations that are not in a hierarchical relationship. As a result of this, the unilateral triggering of Article 50 by the executive would dispense with parity and mutual respect.
A large number of the devolved functions of the Welsh Government derive from EU law – they will be lost upon the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
The Government cannot invoke Article 50 by itself because of the Sewel Convention, a rule introduced at the time of Scottish and Welsh devolution in 1999, which says that both devolved parliaments have to approve any act of Westminster that affects their powers. This argument was also put forward by the Scots and the Independent Workers' Union.
NORTHERN IRELAND
The Northern Ireland case is referred by the Court of Appeal of Northern Ireland. The Northern Ireland Act 1998 gave effect to the multi-party negotiations concluded by the Belfast Agreement (“Good Friday Agreement”) signed on 10 April 1998. Section 1 NIA deals with the status of Northern Ireland and provides that (1) Northern Ireland shall not cease to be part of the United Kingdom without the consent of the majority of the people of Northern Ireland voting in a poll held for the purposes of this section; (2) but should the majority express a wish in such a poll that Northern Ireland should cease to be part of the United Kingdom and form part of a united Ireland, the Secretary of State will lay proposals before Parliament to give effect to that wish.
The applicant suggests that there can be no change to the constitution of Northern Ireland without the consent of the people of Northern Ireland and that withdrawal from the European Union would constitute such a change. Thus the consent of the Northern Ireland Assembly is required before service of the Article 50 notice. Further, the Good Friday Agreement has created a substantive legitimate expectation that there would be no change in the constitutional status of Northern Ireland without the consent of the people of Northern Ireland.
The Government of Northern Ireland suggest that the Article 50 Notice need neither UK Parliamentary approval nor that of the NI Assembly.
THE INDEPENDENT WORKERS' UNION (fourth intervener)
The Independent Workers Union, which was set up to represent workers in the so-called gig-economy, has submitted that the Government would be in breach of Scottish constitutional law if it were to trigger Article 50 without the agreement of Parliament at Westminster. Their arguments echo that of the Scottish Government:
Leaving the EU involves each part of the UK. The Court must take account of Scotland's constitutional law and in particular the Claim of Right Act 1689, a stronger piece of legislation than the English Bill of Rights.
In Scotland, at least, it is the case that the monarch (and so the Royal Prerogative) is always answerable to Parliament.
The Court must also take into account issues, such as the rights of EU migrant workers and trade union members the IWGB represents that would be lost with the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
LAWYERS FOR BRITAIN
Lawyers for Britain have been granted permission to file written submissions although they are not entitled to speak at the hearing. This group, consisting of legal practitioners and academics, supports Brexit, but intervened to “make sure the exit process is carried out in the best interests of the United Kingdom”. Their arguments support the appeal. They argue that:
Even if the European Communities Act 1972 did by implication impose a restriction on the prerogative power of the Crown to withdraw the UK from the EU, the effect of the European Union (Amendment) Act 2008 was to negative any such restriction on the exercise of the wholly new explicit power of withdrawal from the EU under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union.
Parliament must have been aware of the important new power in Article 50 and decided by contrast that its exercise should not be subject to Parliamentary control. The European Union Act 2011 further elaborated the system of Parliamentary control over prerogative acts and thereby further confirmed Parliament's intention not to fetter the prerogative in the exercise of Article 50.
In any event, the effect of the European Union Referendum Act 2015, read against the background of the ECA 1972 and the 2008 and 2011 Acts, was to negate any such restriction which might otherwise have arisen, if the result of the referendum was a majority to leave the European Union.
Around 500 Hong Kongers unleashed a furiously frivolous feathery fury upon random strangers in Chater Garden last Saturday. (Click here for Part 2: The Aftermath.)
It was the biggest ever Hong Wrong ‘International Pillow Fight Day' yet.
Kids fought on the sidelines in an internationally synchronised day of community love and global unity…
Dozens also turned up in colourful costumes…
There was even live music this year, courtesy of a friendly bagpiping duo…
As well a ‘pillow yoga' session for those looking to warm up…
Footage via Agnes Bun of AFP:
Countless photographers and reporters attended the non-political, non-commercial, non-sensical annual gathering…
This year marked the fourth time the event was held in the city. For coverage from previous years, click here.
There were no injuries, though shit got real between a couple of the younger competitors…
The weather was perfect and revellers cleared up their mess afterwards.
Over 100 other cities around the world took part.
Footage from Reuters/Euronews:
Footage via Ron Rozalo:
Click here for Part 2, about the aftermath.
Hong Wrong is to blame for the city's annual Pillow Fight Day every April…
A beady eye on cultural events across the territory…
As part of the release of Ubuntu 15.10 (Wily Werewolf) Beta 1 for opt-in flavors, the Ubuntu Kylin team had the pleasure of announcing the immediate availability for download and testing of the first Beta build of the upcoming Ubuntu Kylin 15.10 distro.
Ubuntu Kylin 15.10 Beta 1 is powered by Linux kernel 4.1 LTS and introduces updates to the most important Ubuntu Kylin-specific packages, such as the Ubuntu Kylin Theme (ubuntukylin-theme), which has been updated to version 1.4.0, bringing new Ubuntu Kylin 15.10 logos to the Unity Greeter and Plymouth boot splash screen.
The Ubuntu Kylin Software Center has been updated to version 1.3.5, a release that includes optimizations to the list of software, the addition of a mouse hover effect, a progress bar for the installation, upgrading, and uninstallation of software, as well as multiple optimizations to the state of the progress bar and the blurbs.
The Youker Assistant tool reached version 2.0.3 with adjustments to the layout of the interface, smoother transition when switching the interface, beautified skin center, setting module, menu, and info module, revamped About dialog, animation, and skin center, an added upgrade function, and support for displaying the hardware manufacturer's logo.
Moreover, Youker Assistant can now handle empty scanning garbage, adds Gio.Settings notify for the MATE and Unity settings, introduces the ability to delete command history and debug logs, makes the dash blur normal, offers a modified custom skin filter, replaces PyGame with OpenCV, and boasts a redesigned camera module.
"We are glad to announce the Release of Ubuntu Kylin 15.10 (codename Wily Werewolf) Beta 1. In this pre-release, we have fixed many internationalization and localization bugs in Ubuntu itself and bugs in software written by the Ubuntu Kylin team," reads the announcement.
The Indicator China Weather gets new features
The first Beta build of Ubuntu Kylin 15.10 (Wily Werewolf) also updates the Ubuntu Kylin Default Settings (ubuntukylin-default-settings) to version 1.3.9, bringing an updated logo on the Details section, and implements several improvements to the Indicator China Weather applet, which is now at version 2.1.3.
Among the features added in Indicator China Weather 2.1.3, we can mention a revamped user interface, which has been written in CSS, optimizations to the forecast interface, improvements to the real-time humidity and temperature functions, as well as modifications to the internal database for better storing of weather information.
As usual, you can download Ubuntu Kylin 15.10 Beta 1 (Wily Werewolf) right now from Softpedia, but please try to keep in mind that it is a pre-release version which contains unresolved issues that might affect the overall user experience. Thus, we don't recommend using it in production environments where stability is of the essence.
We know there are a lot of big-budget movies promoting Christianity coming out over the next few weeks — “Noah,” “Son of God,” “Heaven is for Real” — and there's no shortage of Christian-themed films throughout history.
Lawrence Krauss thinks that Hollywood, contrary to its stereotype as a bastion of liberal ideas, should really start making some atheism-themed films:
Now, it would be silly to suggest that [the Krauss-and-Richard-Dawkins] documentary about two scientists debating religion and rationality might pose strong competition to a hundred-and-thirty-million-dollar blockbuster starring Russell Crowe as Noah on the ark. But that recognition notwithstanding, we were assured in advance by people in the film industry that a movie about atheism — even one that featured various celebrities — would not be suitable for a general theatrical release, in spite of more than four hundred thousand people downloading the film's trailer, and a poll of test audiences which suggested that more than ninety per cent of religious individuals who saw the film would recommend it to a friend. … No one can fault Hollywood for recognizing that religion, like violence, is often profitable at the box office. But this logic leads to a prevailing bias that reinforces a pervasive cultural tilt against unbelief and further embeds religious myths in the popular consciousness. It marginalizes those who would ridicule these myths in the same manner as we ridicule other aspects of our culture, from politics to sex.
Somehow, Krauss failed to point out the most obvious reason Hollywood isn't making movies about atheism.
Think about this: “Noah” is an interesting story. “Son of God” is an interesting story. “Heaven is for Real” is a *very* interesting story. Ditto with “The Ten Commandments” and “The Passion of the Christ” and, hell, even “Left Behind: The Movie.” I'm not saying the stories are true or that I liked those films or that they were good stories, but those stories are compelling to a huge number of people. They're not films about Christianity, per se, but films inspired by it. In many cases, they're about people who happen to be spiritual/religious. In all cases, though, they tell a story.
Evenunderstands that. There's a reason his movie Fireproof did relatively well — he wasn't directly preaching faith; faith was just interwoven throughout the film.
That's the problem with movies about atheism: They all tend to be about why religion is wrong and atheists are right. And no one wants to watch that (except for those of you reading this).
What's the story of Krauss' film “The Unbelievers”? Pretty much that Krauss and Dawkins are awesome people. (Spoiler: No one cares.)
What's the story of Bill Maher‘s “Religulous”? That religious people believe in stupid things. (I liked this one, but it wasn't a box office smash by any means.)
If you want Hollywood to make movies about atheism, then give them a vessel in which they can deliver it. In other words, a Ricky Gervais movie taking place in a world where no one lies (and, therefore, religion doesn't exist) is infinitely more interesting to Hollywood than a Ricky Gervais stand-up special in which he flat-out rips on religion.
Movies like “The Ledge” (which I really liked) are the best route to promote atheism through film (though even that one was criticized for it's overt message and one-dimensional characters).
That aspect of storytelling is what Krauss doesn't seem to get.
Whatever one might hear on the right about a war on religion, in this country we still care more about catering to religious sensibilities, even in liberal Hollywood, than we do about encouraging the open questioning of the claims of the faithful.
Hollywood is interested in money and good stories make good money. This isn't some anti-atheist conspiracy; we just haven't given Hollywood enough to work with. The Bible has.
(Image via Shutterstock)
0 PHOTOS N. Korea labor camps See Gallery North Korea acknowledges labor camps for 1st time Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
UNITED NATIONS (AP) - North Korea publicly acknowledged the existence of its labor camps for the first time Tuesday, an admission that appeared to come in response to a highly critical U.N. human rights report earlier this year.Diplomats for the reclusive, impoverished country also told reporters that a top North Korea official has visited the headquarters of the European Union and expressed interest in dialogue, with discussions on human rights expected next year.North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador Ri Tong Il said the secretary of his country's ruling Workers' Party had visited the EU, and that "we are expecting end of this year to open political dialogue between the two sides." The human rights dialogue would follow.In Brussels, an EU official confirmed a recent North Korea meeting with the EU's top human rights official, Stavros Lambrinidis, but said any dialogue currently planned is limited to right issues.Choe Myong Nam, a North Korean foreign ministry official in charge of U.N. affairs and human rights issues, said at a briefing with reporters that his country has no prison camps and, in practice, "no prison, things like that."But he briefly discussed the "reform through labor" camps. "Both in law and practice, we do have reform through labor detention camps - no, detention centers - where people are improved through their mentality and look on their wrongdoings," he said.Such "re-education" labor camps are for common offenders and some political prisoners, but most political prisoners are held in a harsher system of political prison camps.The North Korean officials took several questions but did not respond to one about the health of leader Kim Jong-un, who has made no public appearances since Sept. 3 and skipped a high-profile recent event he usually attends.The officials said they don't oppose human rights dialogue as long as the issue isn't used as a "tool for interference." Their briefing seemed timed in advance of the latest resolution on North Korea and human rights that the EU and Japan put to the U.N. General Assembly every year.The North Korean briefing concerned a lengthy human rights report it released last month in response to a U.N. commission of inquiry that concluded the authoritarian government had committed crimes against humanity. "We dare say that the case of human rights in the DPRK exceeds all others in duration, intensity and horror," commission head Michael Kirby told the U.N. Security Council in April.The report's release in February put the North on the defensive. Its acknowledgement Tuesday of the reform camps, and its overture to the EU rights chief, were signs that Pyongyang now realizes the discussion of its human rights record won't fade away, said Greg Scarlatoiu, executive director of the Washington-based Committee for Human Rights in North Korea. He said the mention of the reform camps was a first."While the North Korean human rights record remains abysmal, it is very important that senior North Korean officials are now speaking about human rights, and expressing even pro forma interest in dialogue," Scarlatoiu said in an email. "The North Korean strategic approach to human rights issues used to be to simply ignore reports by international NGOs, government agencies or U.N. bodies. Human rights used to just go away, out-competed by nukes, missiles, and military provocations."While he called the acknowledgement of the reform through labor camps "a modest step in the right direction," he said the greatest concern remains the North's system of political prison camps that are estimated to hold 120,000 people.The North's own report on its human rights system accuses the United States and its allies of a campaign aimed at interfering in Pyongyang's affairs "and eventually overthrowing the social system by fabricating 'human rights issue' of the DPRK to mislead international opinions," its preface says.Param-Preet Singh, a senior counsel for Human Rights Watch who attended the briefing along with a number of diplomats from other countries, said the significance of the event was that North Korea held it at all. The country used to be seen as "impervious to pressure," she said.
Read Story Transcript
After nearly 30 years of bringing daily stories to Canadians across the country, Peter Mansbridge is set to retire as the anchor of CBC Television's news program, The National.
Mansbridge fell into broadcasting by accident when he was just 19-years-old.
Longtime CBC journalist Knowlton Nash handed over the reins of The National to Peter Mansbridge in 1988. (CBC) He was working as an airport ticket agent in Churchill, Man., at the time, when a CBC radio station manager heard him making a flight announcement. He complimented Mansbridge on his voice and asked him if he was interested in a radio job.
"[I] went in there and had five minutes to explain how the controls worked and bingo, I was on the air," he tells The Current's Anna Maria Tremonti.
Following a decade of covering politics for radio and television at the CBC, Mansbridge took over from longtime journalist Knowlton Nash as the chief correspondent and anchor of The National.
"I'd been doing The National at that point on weekends and filling in for Knowlton on occasion since 1982, but it was still a big deal," he recalls.
Suddenly it was kind of my chair and my responsibility. - Peter Mansbridge
"Suddenly it was kind of my chair and my responsibility, and I was accountable for the things that happened on the program."
Peter Mansbridge has covered some of the biggest events in Canada, like the 2014 Parliament Hill shootings that killed a Canadian soldier. (Giacomo Panico/CBC Radio-Canada) Since the unconventional start of his career in 1968, he has travelled the world and given voice to the biggest events that Canada and the world have ever seen, including the September 11 attacks and the 2014 Parliament Hill shootings.
Mansbridge says that throughout his lifetime, The National has been a "program of record" that informs Canadians about what happened that day, whether they had been following the news or not.
"This will be the program of record that will tell you the truth as best we know it," he says.
When asked about the future of Canadian public broadcasting, the veteran journalist suggests it falls into two sets of hands: the people of Canada and the people who work at the CBC. He says Canadians have consistently vocalized the need for a national public broadcaster, especially at a time when U.S. programming is having a strong influence.
Somewhere on that dial, you need Canadian content. - Peter Mansbridge
"But it leaves a vacuum for us to fill because somewhere on that dial, you need Canadian content. Whether it's online, radio, television, you need it — if you want to understand the country you live in," says Mansbridge.
The CBC News chief correspondent will sign off from the anchor's chair for the last time on July 1, which marks Canada's 150th birthday.
"The closer it gets ... the more I realize how much I'll miss it," he tells Tremonti.
"I'll miss the comradery and the friendship I think most."
Listen to their full conversation at the top of the web post.
This segment was produced by The Current's Samira Mohyeddin and Howard Goldenthal.
3D Robotics, North America's largest drone manufacturer, has collaborated with AirMap to put accurate and automatically updated in-app flight safety zone information at the fingertips of all 3DR Solo® users.
Today 3D Robotics announced a first-of-its-kind partnership with AirMap, a company that provides flight zone information for drone users and RC pilots around the world. 3D Robotics will integrate AirMap's safety information software into its Solo smart drone app in anticipation of the coming holiday season. It's the first time that drone software has been able to directly deliver reliable safety information to users.
“We've made drones really easy to fly,” said 3DR CEO and co-founder Chris Anderson. “With Solo, for instance, we built software into the drone that made it automatic to get the kind of cinematic video you want. This dramatically reduced the amount of practice that used to be necessary back when drones were difficult to fly. Now, we want to make flying as safe as it is easy. Supplementing the Solo app with AirMap's robust and reliable real-time airspace information allows us to increase education with a seamless and enjoyable drone experience.”
AirMap software continually pulls and compiles airspace information and displays the restricted, warning and informational areas on a map. If Solo users open their Solo app in a restricted area, they'll see a warning. Users can then tap the warning to bring up a map that displays any airspace information in the area. This airspace information includes real-time Temporary Flight Restrictions that may be established in the areas around wildfires, major sporting events and other sensitive places.
The Solo app will contain basic airspace information: federal guidelines (e.g., five miles from an airport); national parks; airbases, etc.
“Drones are a powerful, important and increasingly popular technology, and we want to make it easy for people to fly them safely,” said Ben Marcus, co-founder and CEO of AirMap. “We collaborate with industry leaders like 3D Robotics to give drone users the information they need to make decisions about where to fly.”
Though the effort is now getting off the ground, with future updates the Solo smart drone app will display more detailed and nuanced airspace information piped directly from AirMap. This will include state and local regulations in addition to federal rules.
To learn more about Solo and the Solo App, visit 3drobotics.com/solo.
To learn more about AirMap, visit www.airmap.io.
—
About 3DR:
3DR is the smartest and most technologically advanced drone company in the world. As North America's largest personal drone manufacturer, 3DR makes advanced and easy-to-use drone technology friendly to consumers and pros alike, including their flagship product, Solo, the world's first smart drone. Led by New York Times best-selling author and former editor-in-chief of WIRED magazine Chris Anderson, 3DR creates technologies and professional tools specifically designed to make drone photography easy for beginners and pros alike. With a Series C round of V.C. funding led by Qualcomm, 3DR is the first company to fully integrate drone and smartphone technology. For more information on 3DR, please visit http://www.3drobotics.com/.
About AirMap:
AirMap is the leading provider of airspace information and services for drones. AirMap's real-time services are available to manufacturers through an API and through an SDK for application developers. The founders of AirMap are among the world's foremost experts on drone technology, aviation, and policy. The company believes that drones are changing the world in incredible ways, and that providing accurate airspace information empowers innovators to deliver valuable products and services to end users. AirMap is a Consumer Technology Association Innovation Award Winner, a member of the Small UAV Coalition, Dronecode Foundation, AUVSI, NASA Unmanned Traffic Management (UTM) program, and serves on the FAA's UAS registration task force.
AirMap Communications Contact: Megan House
Email: media@airmap.io
Tomas Rosicky: Set to put pen to paper on new Arsenal deal
The 33-year-old Czech midfielder is out of contract in the summer, but Arsene Wenger and the player have already confirmed their willingness to agree fresh terms.
Because of his age, Arsenal's policy is to hand the player a one-year deal and that should soon be concluded.
"Arsene Wenger wants me to stay, he wants our co-operation to continue. I want to stay," he told Czech News Agency CTK.
"Hopefully all is sorted out in the next few days. It would be great to play on at Arsenal for another few years."
Meanwhile, Rosicky insists that despite the weekend defeat to Stoke, they could still win the title.
"It was a huge loss of points. On the other hand, there are still ten games left," he insisted.
"In the season in which we won the title with Dortmund, we lost to Kaiserslautern a few rounds before the end and in the dressing room we were talking 'Well, this is over now.'. Suddenly, we won all the remaining games and had the title in our hands."
Czech mate
Rosicky also talked about his future with the Czech Republic national side, and has met with new coach Pavel Vrba about playing on.
"It was not easy to make the decision (to carry on), I can tell you that," he said.
"When we were speaking to each other then, there were a lot of question marks surrounding me.
"I didn't know if I would be staying at Arsenal and I didn't know if my age wouldn't be an obstacle to Mr Vrba. At the end of the qualification (EURO 2016) I will be 36 and you never know what your health will be like.
"But why should I end with something, when there is no need to? My health is good and football-wise, I think I still have goods to offer.
"These factors played in favour of me carrying on. We are now all full of expectations and hopes for the Euro 2016 qualification and want to reach the finals, understandably."
"I don't feel like I'm turning for the worse or that my level of performances would be dropping. There has been no decline yet.
"You can look at Ryan Giggs and Pavel Horvath, who both play at an advanced age. I would like to play this long too, but we will have to wait and see what future brings."
CLOSE U.S. swimmer Ryan Lochte has been summoned to testify in Rio over his incident at a gas station during the Olympics, a Brazilian official confirmed to ABC News. Time_Sports
Ryan Lochte (Photo11: Rob Schumacher, USA TODAY Sports)
Ryan Lochte has been charged by Brazilian police with filing a false report over an incident during the Olympics in Rio de Janerio, according to a statement obtained by USA TODAY Sports from the Rio police Thursday.
Lochte will be informed of the charges in the United States and can then decide whether to introduce a defense in Brazil. The statement also said a copy of the evidence could be sent to the International Olympic Committee's ethics commission.
"The U.S. swimmer Ryan Lochte has been charged with the crime of false communication," the statement read, in part.
Lochte's attorney, Jeffrey Ostrow, said Lochte has not heard from officials in Rio.
“I'm endeavoring to obtain more information and we intend to fully cooperate with the government as we have all along,” Ostrow told USA TODAY Sports.
Lochte initially said that he and three teammmates — fellow swimmers Jack Conger, Gunnar Bentz and Jimmy Feigen — were robbed at gunpoint Aug. 14 by men with a police badge as they returned in a taxi to the Olympic Village from a party. He later amended details, such as a gun being cocked at his forehead.
Brazilian police alleged that the U.S. swimmers vandalized a gas station restroom. But a USA TODAY Sports investigation found that while Lochte pulled down a metal advertisement and the swimmers urinated behind the gas station restroom, there was no other evidence of vandalism.
In addition, police never questioned the swimmers about the alleged vandalism, according to transcripts of testimony given by the Americans to Rio law enforcement and viewed by USA TODAY Sports.
Feigen was detained in Rio last week and eventually paid about $10,000 in a settlement to avoid charges, though he could have performed community service.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
I-95 north has reopened after a fatal crash on the northbound side and a fiery truck crash on the southbound side.
Interstate 95 was closed on the northbound side after a fatal multi-vehicle crash at exit 70 near the Baldwin Bridge, but it has since reopened. Two tractor-trailers and five cars collided at around 6 a.m., killing at least one person and left several others with life-threatening injuries.
LifeStar was called to the scene along with paramedics from several neighboring communities.
One first responder described the scene as "cars on top of cars."
Traffic has been crawling over the Baldwin Bridge this morning, taking cars more than half an hour to cross in the northbound lanes. Cars are being diverted due to the highway closure.
An hour before the fatal crash on the northbound side, there was a crash on I-95 southbound around 4:34 a.m., so that side of the highway was also closed but has since reopened. A Cottrell Tuck Lines, Inc. truck was traveling southbound on I-95 just a mile north of exit 70 in Old Lyme when it veered into the right shoulder and crashed into the guardrail and concrete bridge support, state police said.
The tractor-trailer caught fire. Debris from the truck was scattered all over the road, shutting down that side of the highway. The driver, Arturo Paez, 62, of Stratford, was transported to Yale Hospital by LifeStar to be treated for serious injuries.
DEEP was called for a diesel spill near Four Mile River Road. The Department of Transportation and DCP also responded to help with the cleanup.
Mal's Auto & Truck Repair was towed from the scene.
State police are still investigating both crashes.
Taken for a ride: How our freewheeling, freeloading MPs claim 20p a mile on expenses... for riding their BIKES
The cycling allowance has been used hundreds of times by eight MPs over the last four years
Norman Lamb MP admitted he has stopped making the claims because 'cycling costs nothing'
Hugh Bayley made 166 claims totalling £205 - the highest bill - claiming he used the money to maintain his two bikes
MPs were at the centre of a new expense row last night after The Mail on Sunday discovered they are claiming money for riding their bicycles.
Britain's Cycling Minister, a millionaire backbench Labour MP and the shadow Transport Minister are among those who have claimed the 20p per mile allowance for pedalling to and from official engagements.
The cycling allowance has been used hundreds of times by eight MPs over the past four years. One of the politicians admitted he stopped claiming the allowance because it did not cost him anything to ride his bicycle – but others defended their claims, insisting they were justified.
MPs were at the centre of a new expense row after it emerged they are claiming 20p a mile on expenses for riding their bikes. Hugh Bayley (pictured) made 166 claims worth £205. He was the highest claimant of expenses for cycling and said he used the money to maintain his two bikes
The expense claims, which have been logged with the Independent Parliament Standards Authority (IPSA), follow HMRC guidance. It states that the ‘approved mileage rate' for individuals cycling for business journeys – not commuting travel – is 20p per mile.
Shadow Transport Secretary Mary Creagh has made six cycling claims, totalling £11.60. One of her expenses, for which she claimed £1.60, was incurred when she ‘cycled from Westminster to Peckham for BBC filming and back'.
The Labour MP, who describes herself as a ‘cyclist' on her Twitter profile, also claimed £2.40 for a cycle ride from her London home to ‘United Biscuits Factory for a visit'. Last night she declined to comment.
Tory MP Robert Goodwill, who was appointed the Cycling Minister last year, has made three claims, totalling £7.20. One, for a four-mile journey in his constituency in Sacroborough on April 20, 2012 was worth just 80p.
Last night he said: ‘I just put in a few claims to demonstrate that I use my bicycle for work. I actually made ten journeys last Thursday for votes between the Department for Transport offices and Parliament and I didn't claim for those.'
Mary Creagh (left) made six claims totalling £11.60. The shadow Transport Secretary claimed £1.60 for a jaunt to Peckham for 'BBC filming'
Liberal Democrat MP Norman Lamb said he stopped claiming the allowance after making six claims, worth a total of £12.50. He explained: ‘I concluded, I've got a bike, it's not costing me anything so I just don't claim any more.
‘I certainly think we should be encouraging MPs to use the cheapest mode of transport but I have myself chosen to do it without claiming now.' Fiona MacTaggart, thought to be the second-wealthiest Labour MP, has made 34 claims totalling £46.10. Last night she did not respond to calls for comment.
In total the cycling mileage claims have cost the taxpayer £417.48. The highest claimant is Labour MP Hugh Bayley, who has made 166 claims, costing the taxpayer £205.40.
Asked what he used the money for, he said: ‘I use it to maintain my bicycles and I've spent a lot more than £200.
‘I have two bicycles, one in my constituency and the other in London. It costs about £60 a year to put each through an annual maintenance check.'
And Norman Lamb (centre and front) made six claims totalling £12.50. The Lib Dem has stopped claiming, because cycling 'costs nothing'
Labour MP Andrew Smith has made 59 claims, totalling £105.40. When asked what he used the money for, he said: ‘Well, running a bike you maintain it. IPSA sets the amount, so you need to ask them the basis on which it's set but I think it's pretty much in line with costs you incur.'
The other two MPs to have claimed expenses for cycling are Lib Dem Tom Brake, the Deputy Leader of the House of Commons, and Tory MP Adam Holloway.
Last night, Founder of FairFuel UK Campaign Howard Cox said: ‘That's astonishing that MPs are claiming mileage for cycling. That is profiteering. This is absolutely scandalous.'
Since the MPs' expenses scandal broke in 2009, the amount claimed by politicians has gone down. The expenses watchdog, IPSA, claims to have saved the taxpayer £35 million since it was set up in 2010.
Mystery over Commons 'Mr Fit'... and his 204-mile cycling round tr ip
MP Dan Poulter said he would investigate a claim his office lodged for a 204-mile bike trip from his Suffolk constituency to London, after saying he doesn't cycle
He's renowned as one of Parliament's fittest MPs, but a 204-mile cycling round trip in the middle of summer is surely beyond him.
Records from IPSA state that Health Minister Daniel Poulter put in the cycling mileage claim, worth £40.80, for the trip from Easton, in his Suffolk constituency, to London last August.
The journey is more than 50 miles further than the longest stage in this year's Tour de France.
The claim was among nine the Minister made for cycling mileage, totalling £148.40, which include two other 102-mile journeys between his constituency and London.
But last night the 35-year-old MP, a keen rugby player, cricketer and golfer, said: ‘I don't own or ride a bike, so this may be a coding error by IPSA – or perhaps more likely an error by my office team inadvertently selecting cycle miles rather than car miles on the IPSA travel expenses menu. I shall investigate further next week.'
Other MPs also said their cycling mileage claims were a mistake.
Desmond Swayne, Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, who made one claim for £1.20, said: ‘I'm certain that I have never knowingly claimed a cycling allowance, but it might be a mistaken computer entry.'
Tory MP Jack Lopresti, made one claim, totalling £23.40 for a 117-mile journey from his constituency home near Bristol to Westminster.
A spokesman for the MP said that the claim was a mistake and the journey was in fact taken by car.
So voila what I did to try to a small degree "style" !!!
Hihi Hii !! however candidly. no panic it's hyper straightforward.
Even as youngsters build this base of cake with their mistresses within the nursery !!!
cap to create a cake terribly pretty and really superb ????1 dairy product or vanilla.3 pots of flour (or one.5 of flour and one.5 of maize no as here)2 pots of sugar3 whole eggs2 sachets of vanilla sugar (that you'll be able to realize here! thanks, Altereco !!)1/2 pot of oil (sunflower or oilseed ..)1 bag of leaven400g of semi-sweet chocolate250g of sweet butter.80g powdered sugarStart by preheating your kitchen appliance to one hundred eighty ° CMix your dairy product along with your eggs, then use the empty pot to live ...Add flour, sugar, vanilla sugar, oil, yeast, and starchthe mixture to get a swish dough.Pour your mixture into a cake pan (preferably top!),buttered and floured.Bake for thirty to forty minutes reckoning on the scale and height of your mildew.To check the cookery, plant a skewer to skewer, it should start dry !!Remove the cake and let it cool dead ...When it's cold, cut the "slice in height",one or 2 thicknesses, in keeping with your style.I used an extended knife !!!Now occupy yourself with topping.Melt the chocolate on the one hand and therefore the butter on the opposite.Then mix these 2 ingredients, and so incorporate the powdered sugar.Let cool to a small degree, at a temperature in order that it hardens slightly.Finally compounding with the spatula to get a mix straightforward to unfold however not liquid ...Finally, covers of petite déco ... and happy birthday !!!!
Demonstrators have staged an impromptu beach party complete with sand, deck chairs and a lobster-shaped lilo outside the French embassy in London to protest against burkini bans that have become law in many French coastal towns and cities.
Under the bemused gaze of the embassy's armed police officers, some protesters sported burkinis – swimsuits that cover the wearer's whole body, including her hair – or swimsuits, while others threw beach balls at the lunchtime protest.
I created the burkini to give women freedom, not to take it away | Aheda Zanetti Read more
Shortly after midday, a van pulled up and deposited several sacks of sand, to the consternation of police officers. The 40 or so protesters set up deck chairs and brandished placards among a scrum of journalists.
CaoimheMc (@CaoimheMMC) #WearWhatYouWant protest in London best for kids and setting the bar high for the aesthetics of all future protests. pic.twitter.com/sKz9RLu1pi
Esmat Jeraj, a campaigner at Citizens UK and one of the protest's organisers, said the argument that the burkini was a symbol of repression “needs to be turned on its head”. “A lot of women wear it by choice,” she said. “If the burkini enables women to go and sit on the beach and enjoy the sunshine, surely that should be encouraged. It helps ensure these women are no longer on the margins.”
Aina Khan (@ainakhan5) There's actual sand outside the Frenchembassy. Unfortunately for me, didn't bring my burkini today. #wearwhatyouwant pic.twitter.com/k7vuA4aA4D
The makeshift beach in Knightsbridge lasted little more than an hour before protesters started shovelling sand back into sacks. Protest organiser India Thorogood said they had hoped to leave the beach in place but the embassy had threatened criminal damages charges if it wasn't all cleared away.
The burkini ban was a “misogynistic and Islamophobic” response to the recent terrorist attacks France had experienced, she added.
Several said they joined the protest after seeing photos on Wednesday that appeared to show a woman remove a long-sleeved top and leggings at the request of armed police officers who reportedly fined her on a beach in Nice. Another woman reported being reprimanded by police and given a ticket saying she had failed to wear “an outfit respecting good morals and secularism”.
Jenny Dawkins, a curate at the All Saints Church of England church in Peckham, said she had found the photos “genuinely chilling”. “If it was a nun sitting on the beach she wouldn't be targeted in this way,” she said.
“The women are being identified because of their faith, because of the way they're dressed.”
The protest was organised the previous day through Facebook, organisers and charity workers, Thorogood said. She said the photos from the Nice beach showed a “specifically Islamophobic attack” that had left her and some friends wanting to “send a message of solidarity” as well as calling on the French authorities to repeal the bans.
“It matters because it's an opportunity for men to tell women what to do and it's an example of Islamophobia, which is becoming more and more prevalent in our society.”
Fariah Syed, another of the protest's organisers, said it had received “way more attention than I thought”. It was important that Muslim women had played a visible role in the demonstration, added Syed, who is Muslim.
“The thing is with Muslim women, they are often perceived as feeble and weak and not having a voice of their own. We wanted to show the world that we do have a voice, and we can use it.”
The London mayor, Sadiq Khan, who is a Muslim, condemned the ban while on a visit to Paris. “I'm quite firm on this. I don't think anyone should tell women what they can and can't wear. Full stop. It's as simple as that,” he told the Evening Standard.
Amnesty UK (@AmnestyUK) Our bodies, our clothes, our choice. We stand with the women targeted by the #BurkiniBan. #WearWhatYouWant pic.twitter.com/fJG8UOhLID
“I don't think it's right. I'm not saying we're perfect yet, but one of the joys of London is that we don't simply tolerate difference, we respect it, we embrace it, and we celebrate it.”
Cannes, Nice and about 15 other seaside areas in south-east France have outlawed the clothing. Nice's ban refers to clothing that “overtly manifests adherence to a religion at a time when France and places of worship are the target of terrorist attacks”. It and mentions the Bastille day attack in which a lorry ploughed through revellers, killing 85 people.
So far 24 women have been stopped by police in Nice alone since the ban entered force, the Guardian reported. The row will reach France's top administrative court, the council of state, on Thursday. Lawyers for the French Human Rights League will argue the rules are illegal.
Additional reporting by Elena Cresci
If liberals actually care about making poor people better off, then there is no better system for accomplishing this than the free market. Life expectancy in capitalist countries is much higher than in socialist or communist ones.
Usually, political debate with my peers ends in impasse; but I still do it, because an unquestioned viewpoint is never valid. As someone whose broader ideology began in fiscal conservatism, I have always asked with genuine curiosity why my liberal peers believe in their economic platform. And although I have yet to be persuaded leftward, I have come to understand that fiscal liberals have principled intentions.
At the core of liberal ideals are values of fairness, liberty, and above all, equality. It makes sense, therefore, that a liberal economic policy should seek to generate prosperity not just for the whole—but primarily for society's least fortunate. Politically, this has been manifested in ideas of big government and regulation. But if the liberal objective is to prioritize a moral outcome, then history and academia tell us the most “liberal” system is in fact capitalism.
At its most tangible level, the free market has given rise to the greatest degree of economic prosperity and development. Since the Industrial Revolution, the world's economic superpowers have unfailingly been those driven by free enterprise. It is easy to see why competing businesses run by motivated individuals create more aggregate wealth than a sluggish, centralized bureaucracy.
However, such big picture arguments tend not to resonate with the Left, which views capitalism as a system that benefits the rich and hinders the poor. This is false rhetoric. Fiscal conservatism, especially for the world's least fortunate, is still the freest, fairest, and most equitable.
The Fraser Institute's annual Economic Freedom of the World report evaluates economies on the basis of freeness. The freer the economy, the more capitalist: less government spending, lower taxes, fewer regulations, and more international free trade. Consistently, the decades-old annual report has found that more freedom leads to better individual well-being.
The aim of even a moderate fiscal liberal is to equalize outcomes by manipulating markets. However, the reports have repeatedly found that the share of income going to the bottom 10% is no higher in less free economies, meaning that more government intervention has failed to benefit the poor. At the same time, 2016 per capita income of the bottom 10% in the freest economies was over 10 times that in the least free.
Of course, the benefits of economic freedom extend farther than measures of wealth. The Heritage Foundation's 2017 Index of Economic Freedom found that freer economies perform significantly better on measures of literacy, social progress, and environmental protection. By reason of technological innovation, the most capitalist nations were also shown to have higher life expectancy and better access to healthcare. Look no further than the increase in life expectancy in East Germany after its reunification with West Germany in 1990. Average life expectancies in East Germany after the fall of communism have increased by 6.2 years for men and 4.2 years for women.
The freedom of capitalism also generates unparalleled hope and equity. Capitalism at its heart is the dream of “rags to riches.” That any person of any background can, through ambition and industriousness, be liberated from socioeconomic strata seems like the quintessence of liberal values. It creates a meritocracy in which hard work, not origin, leads to success.
A March article in The Economist entitled The progressive case for immigration cites numerous examples of how immigrants have been integral to American economic development. From Mexican laborers to entrepreneurs like Steve Jobs, the article makes a compelling case that immigration has been responsible for some of society's greatest economic developments.
This value would be lost without economic freedom. Without the attractive wealth and living conditions created by capitalism, workers would have no desire to migrate for a better life. Likewise, it was the innovative nature of the free market, not government action, that resulted in the creation of Apple. The notion that a person can immigrate penniless and forge his or her own prosperity is an extraordinary—and fundamentally liberal—idea.
Capitalism benefits not only a society's least fortunate, but also the world's. By freeing trade, useless barriers are broken down and shared economic growth is made possible, especially in underdeveloped nations.
Hong Kong, widely considered to have the freest economy, is extremely prosperous; yet just decades ago, its economic prospects were bleak. While domestic policies certainly played a role in Hong Kong's success, the primary reason for its immense growth was its commitment to unrestricted trade. By opening its economy and employing global resources, Hong Kong has become a paragon for economic progress and high quality of life.
If liberals truly do want an outcome that advances society's least fortunate, then unadulterated capitalism is the clear answer. While ideological debate is usually founded in conjecture, when it comes to the economy, history and hard data make the case clear: the government should seek to give economic agency to the people wherever possible. As Milton Friedman put it, “Government should be a referee, not an active player . ”
James Paron is a student at University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School.
Chouteau Avenue in St. Louis is finally getting a bike lane that's been promised since 2009. But the finished product falls far short of what it could be, writes Alex Ihnen at NextSTL. The flaws in the Chouteau redesign say a lot about the city's haphazard approach to bike planning, Ihnen says:
It appears to be city policy to paint bike lanes as part of larger resurfacing efforts. This is smart in one way, but also means that we may wait years before lanes are painted. And if a repaving project is delayed, so is the bike lane. Once paved and painted, there's no established timeline for repainting.
The city continues to paint bike lanes where it's cheap and convenient, and without significant public feedback. And the lanes continue to fill with debris and be practically unusable.
And so the Chouteau bike lanes appeared this month. They represent another good addition to cycling infrastructure in the city, and another missed opportunity. When asked for details of the bike lanes via Twitter before painting, MoDOT St. Louis simply replied that nothing was available to share. Neither the city, nor Trailnet, nor Great Rivers Greenway were able to provide the plan. Chouteau Avenue is also Missouri State Route 100, meaning it's managed by the state's DOT.
We were left to guess as to the coming configuration, and put together this image (above) of what to expect. While intersection treatment varies, and four traffic lanes persist past major intersections before being reduced to two, this is basically what was painted.
New Yorkers long ago stopped being fooled by the luxury knockoffs peddled from sidewalk card tables at prices too good to be true. Not that they always keep their wallet in check — as a close inspection of many a supposedly pedigreed Louis Vuitton handbag might reveal, if the penny-pinching owner would allow it.
There are some counterfeit goods, though, where the close-enough counterfeit is far from an adequate substitution for the confidence of a brand-name product. Take a specific, alarming example: Trojan condoms.
Federal officials say that a counterfeit smuggling ring, ZX Trading, made millions selling imported Chinese knockoffs, including bags, clothes and sunglasses that bear brand names including Disney, Nike and North Face. But perhaps the most troubling discovery was of a stash of more than half a million fake Trojan brand condoms, which did not have spermicide as advertised and later failed water leakage tests.
A prosecutor for the United States attorney's office in Brooklyn called the fake condoms “a danger to the public.” A lawyer for Church & Dwight, which owns Trojan, warned that the condoms “may pose potential safety risks to consumers and users.”
Two siblings were scheduled to be sentenced on Friday in Brooklyn for their role in running the counterfeit-smuggling ring that federal officials say was responsible for importing the bogus condoms. The hearing was postponed because of a debate about the level of the siblings' involvement in the condom situation.
The two, Lin F. Hu and Jian Lin Hu, pleaded guilty to one count of trafficking in counterfeit goods last year, though they specifically did not admit to importing the condoms. A recent court filing on behalf of the siblings reiterated the denial, adding, “The mere fact that a product has a counterfeit brand name does not mean that it is dangerous.”
Prosecutors are seeking a sentence of 46 to 57 months in prison.
Counterfeit condoms have become a booming business in China in recent years. According to a report in The Times of London last year, the Chinese authorities reported that they had raided a workshop in Hunan Province where more than two million condoms had been made in unsterile conditions, lubricated with vegetable oil and falsely labeled with brand names like Durex and Rough Rider. — A. G. Sulzberger
New Policy for District Attorney
Tucked toward the end of a news release put out by the Manhattan district attorney's office on Thursday was a short but significant note. It read that as per office policy, 10 percent of the proceeds from the deferred-prosecution agreement being announced would go to the state, 51 percent to the city and the remaining 39 percent to law enforcement authorities.
The new policy on how to divide money from these agreements represents a stark departure by Cyrus R. Vance Jr., the Manhattan district attorney, from his predecessor, Robert M. Morgenthau.
Toward the end of his 35-year tenure last year, Mr. Morgenthau got into a now famous spat with Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg over the office's finances — and Mr. Morgenthau said it centered on what his office did with money from these deferred-prosecution agreements (a company or individual agrees to certain conditions in order not to be prosecuted).
The mayor's office accused Mr. Morgenthau's office of keeping dozens of accounts outside the city's financial review process by not registering them with the comptroller's office. Mr. Morgenthau said that the concerns were just sour grapes and that Mr. Bloomberg was simply upset that the state received a larger share than the city of a $350 million settlement last year with the British bank Lloyds TSB Group.
The Bloomberg administration argued that it should get all the money from those deferred prosecution agreements, Mr. Morgenthau said. But he bluntly rebuffed them.
As Mr. Morgenthau was negotiating another huge settlement with a foreign bank, Credit Suisse, he supported legislation in Albany that called for the money deferred-prosecution agreements to be split 50-50 between the city and the state. The law passed, and the city and state had to split $268 million from the Credit Suisse settlement down the middle. But that law expired this year.
So, after the city's comptroller completed an audit of the district attorney's books this year, one recommendation was that Mr. Vance's office set out a policy for dispersing the settlement proceeds. The result is the 10-51-39 split, not so surprising when you consider that Mr. Vance has clearly been trying to play a conciliatory role.
As expected, Mr. Vance's policy drew applause from the mayor's office.
“We are pleased that the district attorney has put a consistent formula for allocating funds in place,” Jason Post, a spokesman for the mayor's office, wrote in an e-mail message. — John Eligon
Promotion
Patton Boggs this week named Richard E. Andersen the managing partner of its New York office. Mr. Andersen has nearly three decades of experience in both domestic and international tax matters, according to a release put out by the firm.
John Eligon and other court reporters for The New York Times bring you inside the city's halls of law every Friday. Have a tip? Send an email to CourthouseConfidential@nytimes.com.
Veteran screen and voice actor Bob Hastings has died at the age of 89.
Granddaughter Allison Knowles says he died Monday in his Burbank, Calif., home after a lengthy battle with prostate cancer.
Hastings was best known from the 1960s sitcom "McHale's Navy," starring Ernest Borgnine. He was also well-known in the 1990s as the long-running voice of Commissioner James Gordon on Fox's highly-acclaimed "Batman: The Animated Series," often reprising the role in later spinoffs and feature-length film adaptations.
The Brooklyn, New York-born Hastings began his career at age 11 on radio dramas. He branched out into TV in its infancy, snagging a role on "Captain Video and His Video Rangers" in 1949. Other early acting jobs included a recurring role on the military comedy "The Phil Silvers Show."
Hastings won fans on "McHale's Navy" as Lt. Carpenter, a bumbling yes-man.
He also had memorable turns on "All in the Family" and "General Hospital." During the 1960s, he provided the voice of Clark Kent/Superboy on several animated programs.
In addition to "Batman," later TV appearances included "Ironside," "The Dukes of Hazzard," "Major Dad" and "Murder, She Wrote."
His voiceover work continued as recently as the 2010 video game "Mafia II."
A declassified U.S. Government documentary history of the momentous 1953 coup in Iran, in which Central Intelligence Agency personnel participated, had been the object of widespread demand from historians and others for decades. In recent years, it finally seemed to be on the verge of publication.
But now its release has been postponed indefinitely.
Last year, “the Department of State did not permit publication of the long-delayed Iran Retrospective volume because it judged the political environment too sensitive,” according to a new annual report from the State Department Historical Advisory Committee (HAC). “The HAC was severely disappointed.”
“The HAC was unsuccessful in its efforts to meet with [then-]Secretary Kerry to discuss the volume, and now there is no timetable for its release,” the new report stated.
The controversy originally arose in 1989 when the State Department published its official history of US foreign relations with Iran that somehow made no mention of the 1953 CIA covert action against the Mossadeq government, triggering protests and ridicule.
That lapse led to enactment of a 1992 statute requiring the Foreign Relations of the United States series to present a “thorough, accurate, and reliable” documentary history of US foreign policy. The State Department also agreed to prepare a supplemental retrospective volume on Iran to correct the record. The retrospective volume is what now appears to be out of reach.
In truth, a fair amount of documentation related to the events of 1953 in Iran has been declassified and released. It is unclear how much more of significance remains to be disclosed. (Those who have read the missing volume say there is at least some new substance to it.)
But the position taken by the Obama State Department that 60 year old policy documents are too politically sensitive to be released is disheartening in any case.
Instead of disrupting relations with Iran, which are already fraught, an honest official U.S. account of events in 1953 might actually have elicited a constructive response. But that argument, advanced by the Historical Advisory Committee and its Chairman, Prof. Richard H. Immerman, did not get the serious consideration it deserved.
More broadly, the new annual report of the HAC did identify a few bright spots. One volume of the Foreign Relations series that was released last year met the statutory deadline for publication within 30 years of the events it describes. That hasn't happened for two decades.
Overall, however, “the declassification environment is discouraging,” the HAC report found.
Head Full of Doubt / Road Full of Promise
Megan Phelps-Roper Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 6, 2013
“There's no fresh start in today's world. Any twelve-year-old with a cell phone could find out what you did. Everything we do is collated and quantified. Everything sticks.”
Don't act surprised that I'm quoting Batman. At WBC, reciting lines from pop culture is par for the course. And why not? The sentiments they express are readily identifiable by the masses – and shifting their meaning is as easy as giving them new context. So put Selina Kyle's words in a different framework:
In a city in a state in the center of a country lives a group of people who believe they are the center of the universe; they know Right and Wrong, and they are Right. They work hard and go to school and get married and have kids who they take to church and teach that continually protesting the lives, deaths, and daily activities of The World is the only genuine statement of compassion that a God-loving human can sincerely make. As parents, they are attentive and engaged, and the children learn their lessons well.
This is my framework.
Until very recently, this is what I lived, breathed, studied, believed, preached – loudly, daily, and for nearly 27 years.
I never thought it would change. I never wanted it to.
Then suddenly: it did.
And I left.
Where do you go from there?
I don't know, exactly. My sister Grace is with me, though. We're trying to figure it out together.
There are some things we do know.
We know that we've done and said things that hurt people. Inflicting pain on others wasn't the goal, but it was one of the outcomes. We wish it weren't so, and regret that hurt.
We know that we dearly love our family. They now consider us betrayers, and we are cut off from their lives, but we know they are well-intentioned. We will never not love them.
We know that we can't undo our whole lives. We can't even say we'd want to if we could; we are who we are because of all the experiences that brought us to this point. What we can do is try to find a better way to live from here on. That's our focus.
Up until now, our names have been synonymous with “God Hates Fags.” Any twelve-year-old with a cell phone could find out what we did. We hope Ms. Kyle was right about the other part, too, though – that everything sticks – and that the changes we make in our lives will speak for themselves.
Megan and Grace
Christopher Gregory/The New York Times
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's proposal to restrict the size of sugary drinks sold in New York City has earned international attention and renewed a national debate on obesity. On Tuesday, the plan faced its first face-to-face test with the public.
The city's Board of Health, which will vote on the proposal in September, held its lone public hearing on the measure at the headquarters of the city's health department in Long Island City, Queens. Representatives of the soft-drink, restaurant and movie-theater industries – which have already spent generously on a public-relations campaign opposing the plan – turned out in droves.
The Bloomberg administration says it wants to fight runaway obesity rates in New York, particularly in lower-income neighborhoods. The beverage industry, which stands to lose millions in revenue from the plan, says the city is stripping away choices from consumers and hurting small businesses.
The hearing began shortly after 1 p.m. and lasted for several hours. There was a packed house, and not a small police presence. See below for dispatches from throughout the afternoon.
The Detroit Red Wings earned a split in Boston, despite scoring just two goals in the first two games against the Presidents' Trophy winners.
Detroit lost to the Bruins, 4-1, in Sunday's Game 2, with its lone goal coming from Luke Glendening in the second period. The Red Wings were 0-for-4 on the power play, including 0-of-3 in the second period.
"When you have a man up, you have to take advantage of it," NBC analyst Jeremy Roenick said. "Detroit has not done that this series. Four power plays (in Game 2), only one shot on net."
Said Mike Milbury: "Detroit has to find ways to generate more offense. One goal in each of the first two games just doesn't cut it."
But thanks to Pavel Datsyuk's Game 1 goal, the Red Wings head back to Detroit even in the series. Game 3 is Tuesday night at Joe Louis Arena.
"Detroit has got to feel really good about where they are right now," Roenick said. "Yes, they did lose this game 4-1. But they went in there and they stole one.
"They took home-ice advantage. They proved to themselves and a lot of people they can beat the big, bad Bruins. That confidence could be good going back to Detroit."
— Email Josh Slagter at jslagter@mlive.com. Download the "Detroit Red Wings" MLive app (iPhone or Android) for the latest news and updates. Follow him on Twitter @JoshSlagter
About
There aren't enough funny video games out there. That's a fact! There are tons of comedy shows and movies on TV and on the silver screen… but on PCs and consoles? Nope. We want to change this!
Click here to read our story in your language:
Shakes & Fidget – The Adventure is all about silly fun. We are not "Citizen Kane", we are "The Naked Gun meets Spaceballs".
We love crazy point & click adventure games like "Day of the Tentacle" or "Sam & Max", with demented characters, hair-raising stories and whacky puzzles.
Great cartoon-style graphics by Shakes & Fidget creator Marvin Clifford and tons of 2D animations to feast your eyes upon. And for your audio enjoyment only the best voice actors and an orchestral score!
It is time for a straightforward, fun 2D point & click adventure game. If you feel the same, we are counting on your support.
The more support you will give us, the bigger and better we can make Shakes & Fidget – The Adventure for you.
If something exists in the fantasy genre or in pop culture, we will probably make fun of it. Seriously… we don't have any ideas of our own.
The story begins with our two heroes in their familiar environment. They are living tranquil lives as shop owners.
A plea for help beckons them to a far-away land where they encounter new friends and foes, as well as a few familiar faces…
You will be able to explore about 50 different locations in the game, from a desert to snowy mountains to the lion's den.
During the 8 to 10 hours of the journey, you will meet more than 50 characters and monsters, all of them elaborately animated.
Shakes & Fidget – The Adventure is being created by a dream team of adventure enthusiasts. Playa Games, makers of the "Shakes & Fidget" mobile game, instigated the whole endeavor.
KING Art Games, creators of The Book of Unwritten Tales, are developing the game.
Marvin Clifford, one of the creators of Shakes & Fidget, is developing all the characters and is the Art Director of the game.
The music is being composed by Benny Oschmann ("The Book of Unwritten Tales", "The Raven", "The Dwarves"), our animators and graphics artists previously worked on games like "Deponia" and "The Dwarves".
The whole thing is being developed on PCs. The same type of computers that has been used to develop World of Warcraft! The entire development team is based in Europe, the same continent on which Game of Thrones and Star Wars were filmed, and many of our developers are carbon-based lifeforms, just like J. K. Rowling, Mel Brooks and the creators of Dungeons & Dragons!
Why Kickstarter?
KING Art has already successfully delivered three Kickstarter games. Kickstarter helps to develop the games that you actually want. Instead of developing "something" behind closed doors for a year, we are building a community through Kickstarter at the very beginning of development to help us make Shakes & Fidget – The Adventure into the best game it can be.
One of the best things about successful Kickstarter campaigns is that it enables you to design tons of crap that wouldn't have existed without it! Don't you dare and be unsuccessful, Kickstarter campaign! WE WANT ALL OF THIS!
On Friday, Aug. 15, crews will begin planned testing of the Atlanta Streetcar along the system's 2.7 mile route. Atlanta Streetcar 1003, as well as the other three streetcars, must undergo and pass specification, performance, and safety tests to be ready for passenger service later in 2014.
The planned tow test of Streetcar 1003 will take place overnight, beginning at approximately midnight and going until approximately 10 a.m. Saturday morning. The streetcar will be pulled along the route to ensure proper clearances for the track and for the streetcar stops.
During the testing the streetcar will travel at approximately 5 miles per hour, and will stop at each of the 12 stops to measure clearances. The Atlanta Police Department will escort the vehicle along the route.
The testing will start with the streetcar being towed west along Auburn Avenue, through Woodruff Park, north on Peachtree Street, west on Ellis Street to Carnegie Way and Andrew Young International Boulevard. The streetcar will then turn south on to Centennial Olympic Park Drive, head east on Luckie Street, south on Park Place, east along Edgewood Avenue, north on Jackson Street, and complete the loop on Auburn Avenue.
Motorists are advised that rolling closures will be taking place along the streetcar route and traffic may be delayed during the test.
Getty Images
The 49ers just gave the old Do-si-do to a bunch of Girl Scouts, so they could make some more dough.
According to Mike Rosenberg of the San Jose Mercury News, the 49ers just informed Girl Scout leaders that a planned sleepover at Levi's Stadium for the girls who sold the most cookies had to be canceled, so they could schedule a concert there instead.
The event scheduled for May was going to be a reward for the scouts who sold 600 or more boxes of cookies during the annual sale.
“There was a lot of excitement about it. I'm deeply disappointed,” Marina Park, CEO of the Girl Scouts of Northern California, said. “They're running a business and I guess I'm sorry their relationship with us wasn't valued as highly as some other things.”
The 49ers said their contract with the Girl Scouts stipulated they could opt out of the contract if something bigger came along. They offered to try to reschedule the event for the scouts in July, but Park said she didn't want to get the kids' hopes up again in case the team found another more lucrative event.
“With the fluid nature of bidding for major stadium events, unfortunately occasional conflicts arise between private events and public ticketed full-stadium events,” the team said in a statement. “Although it is an unusual occurrence, we notify private event clients prior to booking of that possibility and all private event contracts inform clients of such contingencies.”
Roughly 1,200 girls were expected to attend the event. The 49ers wouldn't say who was performing at the show, which that artist is probably grateful for, since they might not necessarily want to be linked with crushing the dreams of a bunch of Girl Scouts.
× Expand Zach Slootsky
On the weekend of June 26, 2010, Toronto was held hostage by the G20 summit, literally. Six years have passed. Since then, there have been a series of precedent-setting decisions which hold the police accountable for their actions that weekend. Perhaps the most significant of them was released last month.
On April 6, the Court of Appeal upheld the decision of our Divisional Court in the case of Good v. Toronto Police Services Board. It is the first class action lawsuit dealing with use of the “kettling” technique, where police surrounded and detained hundreds of people and, in many cases, took them to jail.
The primary issue in the Court of Appeal's decision was whether Good's case could proceed as a class action, as opposed to an ordinary civil action involving only her. The benefit of the former is that it enables anyone who was detained in the various “kettling” incidents described in the claim to join the action without hiring their own lawyer and commencing separate lawsuits. The court's decision will significantly increase any damages award made against the police. Good's lawyers estimate this is in excess of 1,000 people. Many of these people were merely walking the streets of the city when they were detained – they weren't even part of a protest.
Like any class action lawsuit, the case involves a “representative plaintiff,” Sherry Good, who represents the interests of the group (i.e. the “class”). Her statement to the court is compelling:
"At Queen and Spadina that afternoon, during a peaceful protest, with no warning, we were surrounded by hundreds of police in riot gear, fully armed. We could not leave. They kept us standing in one of the worst rain storms of the year for over four hours with no information disseminated to us, no food, no water, no toilets. Sometimes the police charged into the crown, picking out people indiscriminately for arrest, and dragging them away."
Good goes on to describe having a panic attack afterwards and losing trust in the police.
Because the Court of Appeal is the most authoritative court in the province, its decision is likely to set the course for similar cases in the future, both within and beyond Ontario. Justice Hoy, who wrote the decision for the court, emphasized the importance of the case proceeding as a class action by contrasting it with the recommendations that have been made since the G20:
"The reports regarding police conduct during the G20 summit make non-binding recommendations. In my view, the remedies sought by the plaintiffs, which include a declaration that class members' Charter rights have been violated and an award of damages, would be stronger instruments of [police] behaviour modification."
Eric Gillespie, one of Ms. Good's lawyers, said, “This is actually about much more than just one event. This class action will help protect the basic freedoms of all Canadians.”
Good's case is one of several that have been decided in favour of people who were mistreated by the police during the G20. Klippensteins, one of the law firms representing her, also represented Paul Figueiras, who was walking down University that weekend when he was told by a police sergeant that he would not be allowed to walk further unless he subjected himself to a search. Figueiras brought a civil action, not for money, but for a declaration that his Charter rights had been violated. He lost at the Superior Court, but the decision was overturned by the Court of Appeal on March 30, 2015.
On August 15, 2015, Superintendent Mark Fenton – the officer in charge of the police who were responsible for two of the “kettling” incidents – was found guilty of one count of discreditable conduct and two counts of unlawful arrest after a disciplinary hearing.
The fact that courts have reprimanded the conduct of the police during that weekend is an important step towards correcting the injustices that occurred during the G20 weekend. However, none of this conduct should have occurred in the first place.
Brian Eberdt is a criminal defence lawyer with Lockyer Campbell Posner. In the interest of full disclosure, his law firm has represented individuals who were charged during the G20 Summit. Reasonable Doubt appears on Mondays.
A word of caution: You should not act or rely on the information provided in this column. It is not legal advice. To ensure your interests are protected, retain or formally seek advice from a lawyer. The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect those of Lockyer Campbell Posner or the lawyers of Lockyer Campbell Posner.
website@nowtoronto.com | @nowtoronto
Riot police and a blockade of military cars, mini-vans and buses greeted the rioters in Kiev, Jan. 22. A loudspeaker blared, "Dear citizens, your actions are illegal and are against the state." REUTERS/Maks Levin
Things got pretty hairy in Kiev, Ukraine, in the last week due in large part to the government banning protests.
As a result, riot police broke out their Roman army tactics.
via Wikimedia Commons
This formation is called the "Testudo," or tortoise in Latin.
The tactic springs from ancient Greek warfare which relied on the Phalanx formation to slowly chew up the enemy.
Romans later adopted and modified the phalanx, which remained relevant for about 2000 years.
In the case of riot police, it's more about area denial and protecting police officers than killing an enemy.
Protesters, on the other hand, have actually gone so far as to build a a trebuchet.
(Small as it may be.)
The weapon appeared during the Middle Ages and is the precursor to long-range artillery. It uses a counterweight to sling much heavier objects much longer distances than a traditional catapult or, perhaps more importantly, than what a human could throw.
Story Book Farm is a place of safety. We offer freedom from fear. We are a place of healing and recovery from trauma.
As of 2018-12-12, we are home to 18 monkeys who have come to us for peace and solace from a variety of backgrounds, some of them with stories difficult even to share, let alone survive.
In sanctuary care, we encourage friendships between our residents. We encourage exploration and freedom of choice. We give back the ability to make decisions and control events that affect residents' lives.
At Story Book Farm we believe that all animals have rights; that animals have the right to live free of fear or pain from humans, in any form; and that we can all make a difference, one being at a time.
Won't you join us in our mission? Donate or volunteer today! The rewards are immeasurable.
Thank you to everyone who has supported us in the past. We hope you will continue to do so in the future, and spread the word so that our community of supporters continues to grow!
Story Book: The Next Chapter
Story Book Farm Primate Sanctuary has long been the home of monkeys, each with their own heart-wrenching story. It is now necessary to expand. The demand continues as we learn of monkeys needing sanctuary - monkeys that are being kept inhumanely in roadside zoos, monkeys that are being bred for the exotic pet trade and, most recently, research monkeys. In a precedent-setting move, Story Book Farm is now home to the first lab monkeys to be allowed to retire after surviving their research obligations. We want to provide the best long-term captive care to monkeys who have had their wild lives stolen.
In order to take in more monkeys - we already have a waiting list of two - we need to expand. This plan to build a new sustainable structure and extensive outdoor areas will cost $1million.
See our press release here , and our fund-raising campaign here.
Watch our campaign launch video.
$112,592 raised as of 2019-02-24. 310 days to go to raise $887,408 more.
Recent Media Coverage
Feb 24, 2019 - Durham Region article on 2nd Guitar auction
Jan 8, 2019 - Huffington Post article on Darwin and Pierre
Nov 17, 2018 - Feature article in the Globe and Mail
Nov 20, 2018 - Response - Lab monkeys deserve retirement
Nov 5, 2018 - Video on CBC Life (4:25 mins)
Watch a tour courtesy City-TV (April 2017 - 20 mins)
Follow us on social media
Public Open Days
The dates for 2019 ARE NOW POSTED on the EVENTS page . Tickets go on sale about six weeks before the event.
How to Help
See here for suggestions on how to help the monkeys. Visit our Gift Shop for the animal lover in your life.
Community Support
We would like to extend our heartfelt appreciation to all of our supporter organizations below - donors of time, resources, services and/or monetary funds.
A U.S. Marine Corps MV-22 Osprey aircraft with Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron 263 (Reinforced), and the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit departs the flight deck of the USS Mesa Verde in June. (Photo by Staff Sgt. Lukas Atwell/ Marine Corps)
Pentagon officials said Tuesday night that the additional 130 U.S. troops the United States has sent to Iraq to assess options to help in the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the northern part of the country includes both Marines and Special Operations troops. On Wednesday, we may have learned why: U.S. officials may be weighing the aerial evacuation of thousands of displaced Yazidis, a religious minority in Iraq who have been trapped on Mount Sinjar for days.
The Yazidis fled to the mountain to avoid the threat of violence posed by militants with the Islamic State, which has swept across the region. Officials said the mission would use V-22 Ospreys — an aircraft that only Marines and Special Operations troops deploy.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told Marines and sailors in an appearance at Camp Pendleton, Calif., on Tuesday that “we're not going back into Iraq in any of the same combat mission dimensions that we once were in.” Rather, he said, “there are some things we can continue to do, and we are doing, and I just wanted you to know that.”
A Pentagon official added more context afterward, saying the additional U.S. personnel come “from within the U.S. Central Command region,” which spans the Middle East and includes the Persian Gulf.
The Iraqi military has been evacuating Yazidis from the mountain in recent days while delivering humanitarian assistance in helicopters. As The Washington Post's Loveday Morris highlighted on the WorldViews blog, the desperation of those who get on board is obvious. Civilians have been seen in news video recorded on the helicopters crying, hugging and praying as they are pulled from the mountainside, where there is little shelter or supplies and temperatures soar above 100 degrees.
A glimpse of desperate plight of Yazidis trapped on the mountaintop, besieged by extremists from the Islamic State in Iraq. Kurdish forces and a human rights organization distributed food and water to those in need on Friday. (Rudaw Kurdish)
The Ospreys would offer more range and speed than conventional helicopters, given their tilt-rotor design that allows them to fly like an airplane after they take off. They are in the region with the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit, of Camp Lejeune, N.C., a naval force that deployed in February as party of the Navy's Bataan Amphibious Ready Group. Two of the group's three ships — the USS Bataan and the USS Gunston Hall — were southeast of Iraq in the Persian Gulf on Friday, Navy officials told Checkpoint. The third ship, the USS Mesa Verde, was farther away in the Red Sea.
Col. Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman, said Wednesday that about four Ospreys were used to transport the additional troops, which include about 80 Marines, into Irbil. The aircraft have remained there, along with an unspecified number of other U.S. helicopters. It is the first time the Pentagon has acknowledged deploying aircraft in Irbil and keeping them there.
There are now a total of about 200 U.S. forces in Irbil: the 130 troops who arrived yesterday, and 70 who were already there in a joint operations center opened in June. Warren declined to comment when asked if the Ospreys might be used to evacuate the Yazidis, saying only that the aircraft would remain in northern Iraq “until they're no longer required.”
Evacuating civilians from the mountainside would likely require at least some U.S. troops on the ground, however. A security perimeter for the aircraft to land would be required, and troops would likely be needed at a nearby airfield, perhaps in Irbil, to coordinate the multiple trips it would take. Additional attack helicopters like the AH-1W Super Cobra also would likely escort the Osprey, which can carry about 24 passengers.
The additional deployment of U.S. troops in Iraq this week is in addition to the estimated 775 military personnel who are already there to protect diplomatic facilities, advise Iraqi forces and perform other work. Many of the latter group are U.S. Special Operations troops, including elite Green Beret commandos in the Irbil area.
As suggested in this Foreign Policy article last night, U.S. leaders already are making the case to allies to assist in the new military campaign in Iraq. Great Britain has sent a handful of Tornado GR4 fighter jets to the region to conduct reconnaissance missions and C-130s to drop humanitarian aid.
Australia also has offered assistance — Australian Defense Minister David Johnston said Tuesday in a joint appearance with senior U.S. officials that his country would contribute. It's a skill Australia has possessed “since East Timor,” Johnston said, referring to the Aussies' role in a United Nations mission in 1999 to curb violence in the Pacific island nation after its people voted for independence from Indonesia.
Staff writer Craig Whitlock contributed to this report.
United States taxpayers make large interest payments to the top four technology firms for the $163 billion in US government debt the companies own and shelter in tax-free offshore accounts.
United States taxpayers make large interest payments to the top four technology firms for the $163 billion in US government debt the companies own and shelter in tax-free offshore accounts.
Apple, Cisco Systems, Google, and Microsoft legally hold $124 billion in US Treasury securities and $39 billion in US government agency debt in accounts overseas, allowing them to avoid the 35 percent (maximum) corporate tax rate in the United States, according to Securities & Exchange Commission reports.
Together, the companies would be the 14th biggest overseas holder of Treasury securities, just ahead of countries like Norway, Singapore, and India.
“If a US multinational puts its offshore cash into a US bank and uses the money to buy US treasuries, stocks and bonds, those funds ought to be treated as having been repatriated and subject to US tax,” Sen. Carl Levin, chair of the Senate permanent subcommittee on investigations told the Bureau of Investigative Journalism.
Combined, the four top technology giants have $255 billion in “cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities…in their foreign subsidiaries,” the Bureau of Investigative Journalism reported.
If that total amount was held onshore, making it subject to being taxed by the US government, it would yield $89 billion – or 17 percent of America's projected $514 billion budget deficit this year.
Overall, the companies hold $333 billion in domestic and foreign accounts, making them the most lucrative American firms outside the financial sector.
The companies also hold $93.3 billion of corporate, municipal, and sovereign debt.
“This is a ridiculous situation," said University of Michigan professor of law, Reuven Avi-Yonah. “The result is US taxpayers pay interest on this money as opposed to the government receiving taxes. Bringing this cash onshore and taxing it at 35% would significantly help reduce the annual deficit of the US government.”
Cisco Systems, which holds $40.4 billion in cash in foreign subsidiaries and has $27.8 billion in Treasury bonds, was the only firm to respond to the Bureau on the subject of debt held offshore.
“Cisco pays all taxes that are due. The cash held in Cisco's non-US subsidiaries is generated from Cisco's international operations. Cisco has approximately 50% of its employees outside the US and Cisco's sales are approximately 50% from non-US customers,” Cisco said.
“US government obligations have long been one of the most stable investments in the world. The US Congress long ago enacted laws to promote investment in the US by individuals and businesses overseas, including non-US subsidiaries. Any interest income that Cisco receives on its U.S. government obligations is US taxable income to Cisco.”
Microsoft, which holds far more in US securities ($64.9 billion) than the other three, said it “complies with the tax rules in each jurisdiction in which it operates and pays billions of dollars each year in total taxes, including U.S. federal, state, and local taxes and foreign taxes.”
Apple, with $111.3 billion in foreign subsidiaries and $44.5 billion in US debt, did not address the issue, but said it also follows US tax law.
“We not only comply with the laws, but we comply with the spirit of the laws. We don't depend on tax gimmicks. Apple carefully manages its foreign cash holdings to support its overseas operations in the best interests of its shareholders. Apple pays an extraordinary amount in US taxes.”
Twenty-six of the most powerful American corporations – such as Boeing, General Electric, and Verizon – actually paid no federal income tax from 2008 to 2012, according to a recent report that detailed how Fortune 500 companies exploit tax breaks and loopholes.
The report, conducted by public advocacy group Citizens for Tax Justice (CTJ), focused on the 288 companies in the Fortune 500 that registered consistent profit every year from 2008 to 2012. Those 288 profitable corporations paid an “effective federal income tax rate of just 19.4 percent over the five-year period — far less than the statutory 35 percent tax rate,” CTJ stated.
The non-profit group said this lax taxation climate among the most powerful US corporations comes amid an aggressive push by lobby and trade groups on Capitol Hill “to reduce the federal corporate income tax rate, based on the claim that our corporate tax is uncompetitively high compared to other developed nations.”
While the US corporate tax rate is technically the highest among Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development's 34 member countries, the US Congressional Budget Office found two years ago that the total corporate federal tax amount paid by US companies came to 12.1 percent of profits, the lowest total since 1972.
Besides offshore tax sheltering, CTJ said the companies are allowed to skirt tax rates based on factors that include accelerated asset depreciation based on continued investment, stock options, and industry-specific tax breaks.
On Wednesday, Bloomberg reported that the 317 largest US-based companies have $1.95 trillion held outside the US, an increase of 11.8 percent from last year.
AP President and Chief Executive Officer Gary Pruitt has accused the Justice Department of infringing on the freedom of the press, after the department revealed that it had seized records from more than 20 separate AP phone lines.
"There can be no possible justification for such an overbroad collection of telephone communications of the Associated Press and its reporters," Pruitt wrote in a letter addressed to Attorney General Eric Holder on Monday (13.05.2013).
"These records potentially reveal communications with confidential sources across all of the newsgathering activities undertaken by the AP during a two-month period, provide a road map to the AP's newsgathering operations and disclose information about AP's activities and operations that the government has no conceivable right to know," Pruitt went on to say.
The records seized by the Justice Department cover the period of April and May 2012, listing outgoing calls from the work and personal phone numbers of AP reporters. AP offices in New York, Washington, D.C., and Hartford, Connecticut were affected by the records seizures.
Pruitt has called on the Justice Department to return the phone records
It's unclear whether the government also obtained records of incoming calls and how many journalists were affected, according to the AP. More than 100 journalists work in the offices where records were targeted.
Pruitt said the Justice Department informed the AP of the seizures in a letter received on Friday. But the notification came after the subpoena had already been issued and the phone records seized. That means the AP had no chance to challenge the Justice Department's move.
"To be secretly seizing two months of phone records for reporters and editors at the AP is a just serious interference with First Amendment, freedom of the press, and constitutional rights that are enshrined in our constitution," Jesselyn Radack, the national security and human rights director at the Government Accountability Project, told DW.
Leaked CIA operation in Yemen
In its belated notification letter, the department did not explain why the records had been targeted, according to the AP.
The AP did note, however, that the US Attorney's Office in the District of Columbia is conducting a criminal investigation into leaked information contained in a May 2012 story. That AP story, based on anonymous sources, detailed a CIA operation that foiled a bomb plot by al Qaeda in Yemen against a US airliner.
Five reporters and an editor who worked on the story were among those journalists whose phone records were seized. Three of those reporters had also worked on a 2012 series of investigative stories that detailed NYPD surveillance of the Muslim community in New York City.
"If the media is afraid that its sources are going to be revealed, that its method of news collection is going to be revealed, that its contacts are going to be known by the government, that is very chilling on having freedom of the press," Radack said.
Obama administration denies knowledge
Attorney General Holder had to sign off on the subpoena, according to Radack
The Obama administration, for its part, has denied that it had any prior knowledge that the Justice Department had secretly subpoenaed AP phone records.
"Other than press reports, we have no knowledge of any attempt by the Justice Department to seek phone records of the AP," White House spokesman Jay Carney said. "We are not involved in decisions made in connection with criminal investigations, as those matters are handled independently by the Justice Department."
But Radack said it's hard to believe that the White House had no prior knowledge of the case. She represented Thomas Drake, a National Security Agency (NSA) whistleblower who was accused of leaking classified information to the Baltimore Sun newspaper.
While the Justice Department does in theory operate independently, Radack said that President Obama knew about the details of the Drake case. At the very least, the attorney general had to sign off on the subpoena of AP phone records, she said.
"If Obama did not know, then he should fire Eric Holder as attorney general and the Justice Department should destroy all the materials that it collected from the AP," Radack said.
Crackdown on whistleblowers
The White House has taken a hard-line stance toward whistleblowers, particularly as it regards national security. The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act, passed in 1917, to pursue six cases against government officials who have allegedly leaked classified information to the press. That's double the number of all prior administrations combined.
The Obama administration has aggresively prosecuted leaks, such as in the case of Bradley Manning
One of the most high-profile current cases is against Pfc. Bradley Manning, the army intelligence analyst accused of handing over more than 250,000 diplomatic cables to Wikileaks. Manning, 25, has been held in pretrial detention for nearly three years. He is accused of 22 charges, including aiding the enemy, which carries a maximum life sentence.
In another recent case, former CIA officer John Kiriakou was sentenced to 30 months in prison for leaking the name of an undercover agency operative to a reporter. Kiriakou was also the first CIA officer to discuss waterboarding of terrorism suspects with the press. Waterboarding is a torture technique that simulates drowning.
"This is an expansion of the secrecy regime that was put in place by George W. Bush," Radack said. "Obama was doing this initially - going after the whistleblowers - to curry favor with the national security and intelligence establishments, which saw him as weak coming into office."
"This was a way of eventually targeting journalists," she said.
Officials in states that have legalized cannabis continue to strategize around defending their state's legal cannabis industries from the feds and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Oregon is no exception. According to a report by Noelle Crombie of the Oregonian, high-level state officials recently met with the U.S. attorney for Oregon to discuss the situation.
According to Crombie's report, US Attorney Billy Williams requested the meeting with top aides in Gov. Brown's office late in May. At issue was a draft report by the state police, which concluded that Oregon remained one of the top sources for black market cannabis in the United States.
Others reportedly at the meeting included Oregon State Police Superintendent Travis Hampton, the executive director of the Oregon Liquor Control Commission, and a representative from the Oregon Attorney General's Office.
Per Crombie, Williams asked to set the meeting up after reading about the state police analysis in the Oregonian in March. That analysis showed the state remained a top source for black market marijuana.
The complete report has yet to be released by the Oregon State Police.
Williams told the Oregonian that he's concerned about the still-functioning black market. One of the main reasons the state's citizens voted to legalize cannabis was to end illicit sales.
“Overproduction is definitely concerning and the violation of the state and federal law, diverting it to other areas of the country is very concerning and we are looking at it,” Williams said.
Jeffrey Rhoades, the governor's marijuana policy adviser, led the state's presentation to Williams. He talked about how the state's seed-to-sale tracking system for cannabis, as well as security and testing requirements, are all part of Oregon's efforts to comply with the US Department of Justice's Cole Memorandum.
Rhoades did have a largely positive take on cannabis legalization in the state, as he brought up that legal cannabis has generated $60.2 million in tax revenue to date and has created more than 12,000 jobs.
For the full report, check out Crombie's article here for the Oregonian.
Cooling systems that use a liquid that changes phase — such as water boiling on a surface — can play an important part in many developing technologies, including advanced microchips and concentrated solar-power systems. But understanding exactly how such systems work, and what kinds of surfaces maximize the transfer of heat, has remained a challenging problem.
Now, researchers at MIT have found that relatively simple, microscale roughening of a surface can dramatically enhance its transfer of heat. Such an approach could be far less complex and more durable than approaches that enhance heat transfer through smaller patterning in the nanometer (billionths of a meter) range. The new research also provides a theoretical framework for analyzing the behavior of such systems, pointing the way to even greater improvements.
The work was published this month in the journal Applied Physics Letters, in a paper co-authored by graduate student Kuang-Han Chu, postdoc Ryan Enright and Evelyn Wang, an associate professor of mechanical engineering.
“Heat dissipation is a major problem” in many fields, especially electronics, Wang says; the use of phase-change liquids such as boiling water to transfer heat away from a surface “has been an area of significant interest for many decades.” But until now, there has not been a good understanding of parameters that determine how different materials — and especially surface texturing — might affect heat-transfer performance. “Because of the complexities of the phase-change process, it's only recently that we have an ability to manipulate” surfaces to optimize the process, Wang says, thanks to advances in micro- and nanotechnology.
Chu says a major potential application is in server farms, where the need to keep many processors cool contributes significantly to energy costs. While this research analyzed the use of water for cooling, he adds that the team “believe[s] this research is generalizable, no matter what the fluid.”
The team concluded that the reason surface roughness greatly enhances heat transfer — more than doubling the maximum heat dissipation — is that it enhances capillary action at the surface, helping keep a line of vapor bubbles “pinned” to the heat transfer surface, delaying the formation of a vapor layer that greatly reduces cooling.
To test the process, the researchers made a series of postage-stamp-sized silicon wafers with varying degrees of surface roughness, including some perfectly smooth samples for comparison. The degree of roughness is measured as the portion of the surface area that can come into contact with a liquid, as compared to a completely smooth surface. (For example, if you crumpled a piece of paper and then flattened it back out so that it covered an area half as large as the original sheet, that would represent a roughness of 2.)
The researchers found that systematically increasing roughness led to a proportional increase in heat-dissipation capability, regardless of the dimensions of the surface-roughening features. The results showed that a simple roughening of the surface improved heat transfer as much as the best previous techniques studied, which used a much more complex process to produce nanoscale patterns on the surface.
In addition to the experimental work, the team developed an analytical model that very precisely matches the observed results. Researchers can now use that model to optimize surfaces for particular applications.
“There has been limited understanding of what kind of structures you need” for effective heat transfer, Wang says. This new research “serves as an important first step” toward such analysis.
It turns out heat-transfer is almost entirely a function of a surface's overall roughness, Wang says, and is based on the balance between various forces acting on the vapor bubbles that serve to dissipate heat: surface tension, momentum and buoyancy.
While the most immediate applications would likely be in high-performance electronic devices, and perhaps in concentrated solar-power systems, the same principles could apply to larger systems such as powerplant boilers, desalination plants or nuclear reactors, the researchers say.
Satish Kandlikar, a professor of mechanical engineering at the Rochester Institute of Technology who was not involved in this work, says it is “quite remarkable to achieve heat fluxes” as great as these “on silicon surfaces without complex micro- or nanofabrication process steps. This development opens doors to a new class of surface structures combining micro- and nanoscale features.” He adds that the MIT team “should be complimented for this major research finding. It will provide new directions especially in chip-cooling applications.”
The work was supported by the Battelle Memorial Institute and the Air Force Office of Scientific Research. The team received help in fabrication from the MIT Microsystems Technology Lab.
Facebook is near an agreement that will settle a case with the Federal Trade Commission by making all of its privacy settings opt-in instead of opt-out, reports Julia Angwin and Shayndi Raice at the WSJ. That means that you will not share anything with anyone by default, unless you specifically choose to do so. Updated.
The settlement in this case would require Facebook to “obtain express affirmative consent” if it wants to make changes to what is shared by users. Changes in December of 2009 to the privacy policy of Facebook made certain bits of user information like names, pictures, cities, genders and friends, public automatically. People were none to happy about this.
This should make any changes to Facebook's privacy settings more obvious to a Facebook user, who will have to explicitly tell the service that it is ‘ok' to share certain items with friends, friends-of-friends, or everyone, when Facebook makes sweeping changes to the privacy settings of the network in an update.
Under such an agreement, Facebook will have to submit to privacy audits for the next 20 years, which is similar to a concession that Google made with the FTC back in March.
Facebook's privacy issues were one of the subjects addressed in the recent interview that Charlie Rose conducted with Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook COO Cheryl Sandberg.
Update: This article has been edited to clarify that the agreement is said to be related to retroactive changes, rather than all future sharing features of Facebook defaulting to a universal “off” setting.
Read next: In preparation for Timeline, Facebook now lets you change the date on photos
A A
SEATTLE -- King County is mulling a plan that would reduce or cut service to 25 Metro routes, and the riders who rely on those buses are calling the proposal unfair.
At a Monday evening meeting, riders turned up to learn more about the proposal and voice their concerns with the cuts.
According to officials, the proposal could affect as many as 125,000 riders.
"In terms of the scope and number of routes affected, this may be the largest service change metro's ever taken on," said Metro's Victor Obeso.
Metro is considering cutting 17 routes altogether, and another eight could see service reductions. Officials say by cutting those lesser-used routes, they'll be able to improve service on 23 more popular routes.
That justification isn't sitting well with the customers who would be without service.
"Obviously, we don't think that's fair," one woman said at Monday's meeting.
If the proposal is approved, many riders will have to wait longer for their bus, walk further between stops or, like Margot Simmons, have to take more transfers.
If her express bus to the University District is cut, Simmons said her quality of life will also take a hit. It would mean an extra hour of her daily free time sitting on a bus.
"I think it's a big deal," Simmons said of the plan. "It's convenience and it's time."
No decision was made at Monday's meeting, and the committee will hear more testimony at its April 25 meeting.
Officials have said they do not plan on raising fares.
October 24, 2013
Egypt after July 3: A Crossroads for Democracy By Amr Hamzawy
PlayStation
Nintendo
Sega
Atari
In this article, we will introduce a list of best game console emulators available for Ubuntu 12.04 Precise Pangolin and Linux Mint 13. We will also explain the installation of each emulator given in this list, but for games or bios, you will not find them here, you can use your close friend Google to find them :)To be able to run ePSXe on Ubuntu 12.04/Linux Mint 13, we need to install some dependencies required by the emulator. To do this, open the terminal and run the following commands:The current latest version of ePSXe for Linux is 1.6.0, you can install it with these commands:The ePSXe folder is located in your home. To start the emulator from the terminal, you can use this command:You can install the Windows version of Project64 on Ubuntu/Linux Mint using PlayOnLinux or Wine.
About
The SparkBOTTLE™ Project
This campaign is to raise funding to support this ULTRA COOL product, and finally bring it the fame and demand that it deserves.
The original concept was hatched in my late teens, and the first sales were right before my 21st birthday. That was 1996, and my- how things have changed! The design is completely new & improved, using borosilicate glass, cutting-edge LEDs and digital electronics. The length, diameter(s) and volume were calculated to bring an AWESOME, smooth experience- almost ZERO drag and effortless pulls. The FIBER-OPTIC LIGHTSHOW is truly unique, there's nothing else like it! Seeing it in person is purely hypnotic, mesmerizing- and the "cool factor"? OFF THE CHAIN.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
My goal is to keep these built in the US. Over 25 separate parts MUST BE hand-assembled, there are no shortcuts or cheap automation techniques available to get the final result: these have always been made to last; solid and reliable.
We have had some major milestones since the start, being featured in Magazines and also on a Season Premier episode of a very popular TV show. At a Vegas tradeshow; EVERYONE stopped to gawk and admire this stunning, beautiful piece. Hundreds of sales give it merit. But we gotta go big this time! Here's how!
Why Kickstarter? It's the best platform; especially for something like this. Enough people think it's cool- no worries there! We can't offer one of the actual pieces as a reward, but YOUR multiple contributions will work together to build up the funding we need, that NO bank or traditional method would provide.
Doug Wilson (Kevin Nealon)
We need to build in batches, with BULK ORDERS of the parts required- or else the retail price point is just to spendy for most buyers. You can still receive one of the "clocks" (demo video at bottom), a spiffy T-shirt, and the satisfaction that YOU helped to bring a game-changing invention to the marketplace; and helped an Inventor's DREAM become a reality. It's been a major part of who I am since the start. So many disappointments, let downs- but I keep fighting- because I believe in it. I hope you will, too.
Let's DO the twist! (A cool lookdown INTO the glass)
I am grateful and thank you in advance for your pledge and sharing.
-Justin
Bright, colorful DIGITAL LEDs, Fiber-Optics and hand-built borogoodness. Gorgeous.
The TOCK™
Available as one of our reward tiers... an amazing "timepiece", for ANY true fan!
Canada's big banks will be in the hot seat next month, facing questions about questionable banking practices revealed by CBC's Go Public.
Parliament's finance committee has decided to hold hearing into reports that bank employees are being pressured to meet sales targets. Over the course of three meetings, the committee is expected to hear from Canada's banks as well as government agencies that oversee banks.
The hearings will likely be held in June, sometime before Parliament rises for the summer.
Wayne Easter, chairman of the finance committee, said if the committee finds problems that need to be addressed, it can propose changes.
"We can make recommendations to the superintendent of financial institutions or to some of the other regulators of the banks if we find there are undue problems here and as a committee make recommendations to the authorities that have the responsibility in those areas."
Thousands contact Go Public
The committee's decision earlier this month to hold hearings into banking practices comes in the wake of revelations by Go Public that employees in a number of banks were being pressured to sell customers products and services they may not need. In some cases employees told CBC News they had increased lines of credit or overdraft protection to hit their sales revenue targets without informing the customer.
To date, thousands of bank employees have contacted Go Public, describing stress-inducing pressure to increase sales.
Wayne Easter, chairman of the House of Commons finance committee says the committee has the power to recommend changes. (CBC)
Easter said the reports sparked calls to members of the finance committee and questions from constituents.
"The question from constituents is along the lines of 'Are the banks overextending the authority they have under the Bank Act to push you as a customer to buy a certain product, and is there undue pressure being applied to an employee of the bank to push that product?"
'Well-served by their banks'
Robin Walsh, spokesperson for the Canadian Bankers Association, said the banks will participate in the hearings.
"The CBA and member banks regularly participate in Parliamentary committee hearings and we will be pleased to participate in these House of Commons Finance Committee hearings," he wrote.
"Canadians are well-served by their banks, which is reflected in the very high level of satisfaction they have with their own bank – over 90 per cent of Canadians having favorable impressions of their bank."
The proposal to hold hearings into bank practices initially came from New Democrat MP Pierre-Luc Dusseault.
Pierre-Luc Dusseault, NDP MP for Sherbrooke, initially proposed hearings into the practices of Canada's big banks. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press)
"It was after the revelations of CBC/Radio Canada that a very high number of employees of banks have flagged some concerns about commercial practices of banks. I felt that this Parliament needed to do something about that."
Dusseault would like to hear from employees
Dusseault said he would like to hear experts on the Bank Act as well as from the banks and the superintendent of financial institutions.
"To make sure that the Bank Act is followed and is enforced because it was clear from this testimony that some employees felt the Bank Act was not respected in some cases."
If any bank employees are willing to testify, Dusseault said he would like the committee to hear from them as well.
Conservative 'very keen' on hearings
Dan Albas, a Conservative member of the committee, said he has received reports from people who shared their experiences of the kind of practices outlined by the reports.
Conservative MP Dan Albas says he has received reports from people who have shared their experience with bank practices. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press)
"That's why I am very keen to hear from both the regulators – institutions that actually have oversight of this and also to ask the minister of finance directly what his overall perspective is in this case."
Albas said he also wants to make sure that the concerns about bank practices are being taken seriously.
"We would like to know a little bit more about the nature of these complaints. Obviously, these complaints were made anonymously by people who have said that they work in the banks versus consumers themselves. So we need to ask ourselves: Is there a process for those concerns to go forward?"
Elizabeth Thompson can be reached at elizabeth.thompson@cbc.ca
Legends of the Mongols had reached Europe long before their first appearance in the West in 1237, but few expected them to be as fearsome in the flesh. A few even held hope that they were fellow Christians, arriving to help crush the heretical Saracens.
Unfortunately for the West, the horde on their front door turned out to be their worst nightmare and more.
The first strike tore the lands of Rus' apart and left waves of refugees in their wake. Like lightning they would strike without warning and leave razed cities and empty villages behind, and disappear just as quickly. Then, just as quickly as they appeared in the West and just as word of them was reaching the courts of Europe, they disappeared without a trace. Europe would spend the next eighteen years hoping this phantom force was simply a fluke, a once-in-a-lifetime event that would never be seen again in their age. Again they were wrong.
In 1255 the horde appeared again, this time in full force and under the command of Möngke Khan, grandson of Genghis Khan. In the following decade they poured westward, once again sending waves of refugees and plague ahead of them each time they sacked a city or burned a town. Many lords and nobles resorted to hiding out in their castles and trying to buy time as they slowly fell to siege one by one while much of their peasantry was left to die outside their walls.
A low point was reached when Holy Roman Emperor Conrad IV was captured in Parma. The Mongols did not execute him like countless other men because of their cultural taboo of spilling royal blood, for which he was grateful. Instead, they chose to lock him in a tower to starve to death.
Möngke would not oversee the campaign for long. In 1259 he would fall ill and go back to the East, leaving his son Asutai in command of the European invasion. It was under his rule that much of the Pannonian plain was settled and organized as a Mongol powerbase from which to attack from, and the Hungarian town of Szeged was fortified to act as a capital. Over the following years he would eat away at the remains of the Holy Roman Empire, Friesland, and France, as well as pushing further into Italy to threaten the Papal States. His reign of terror would end in 1265 while on campaign against the Danes in the north, where he drowned after his fleet hit harsh weather and his own ship sank. Asutai's son Temür quickly took the reigns afterward.
Temür would rule for a much shorter time than his father, but his role was still pivotal. During his reign news of Möngke Khan's death reached the western reaches of the horde. Normally he would have been summoned along with the other lesser Khans to elect their new Khagan in the kurultai, however, Temür chose to remain in his own realms. He feared that his absense would lose him the progress he and his father has made in Europe, as well as the wrath of his great-uncle Kublai since Temür's father previously supported Ariq Böke, Kublai's own brother and biggest competitor. This point marked the major split between the western horde and all the others, as well as the fracturing of the Mongol Empire at large.
After this Temür would not live long. He died to fever only three years into his reign, though some rumored that it was poison. His brother, Bolad, ruled in his wake. Unlike his brother, and even his father, Bolad would have an extremely long reign spanning over forty years. Before he took power, he had converted to Christianity and had adopted the Christian name John, starting a tradition of Europeanized rulers of the western horde. John the Great, as he was eventually known as, expanded his family's holdings, conquering further into France and Italy, and was also the first in his line to be granted the title of (Holy) Roman Emperor. In 1282 a Norman prince was deposed and came to the Mongol court for refuge, where he successfully called on John for help. This sparked a massive naval invasion the next year which deposed Norman King of England and installed the refugee prince as new King, who in turn swore fealty and vassalage to the Emperor John. It was also under John's reign that the great city of Venice was finally taken and razed to the ground for their deviance against his rule. The Venetians would continue on, however, on the island of Crete.
For the next century, the foreign hordes slowly assimilated more and more with the local populace. John the Great was succeeded by his grandson Randal, who only ruled for five months before dying to infection from an arrow wound. John's other grandson Adom would then rule, after having Randal's own children put to the sword to ensure there would be no conflicting claims to the throne. Emperor Adom would put an end to the Empire's outward expansion and focused more on internal reform and stabilizing his massive holdings. Much of this was accomplished by maintaining the Pope's approval and emphasizing the crown's holy authority. It also came by forcible migrations, forcing rebellious populations off their traditional lands and rewarding them to those loyal to the Emperor.
After Adom's eventual death, his son John II would rule. It was under his rule that the Empire once again started to take interest in the east. Other hordes were still bearing down and taking lands, and one of them was lead by his distant cousin Kawzedai, whose armies burned through the Holy Land. John II, a Christian, was outraged when Kawzedai pillaged Jerusalem in punishment for rebellion, and people throughout Europe feared the growing power in the east as Kawzedai continued to fight against the Eastern Roman Empire and launched a massive campaign to conquer Egypt. The Creto-Venetians eagerly worked with this eastern horde to work against their Mongol and Roman enemies.
In the year 1323, John II would begin to gather his forces, as well as the forces of his vassals and allies, and launch a massive crusade. The oncoming military campaign would seek to reclaim the Holy Land and push back the Saracen Mongols, as well as help defend John's fellow Emperor in Constantinople. History would long remember the clash between the two Great Khans.
by Brett Stevens on February 20, 2017
Robert Stacy McCain observes the loser psychology of the Left:
Feminists refuse to confront the reality that there are evil forces in the world which wish us harm. …Feminists can denounce the president as a â€œfascist,â€ and suffer no harm, but what would become of these fools if America was not protected by brave troops obedient to our Commander in Chief?
The Left makes zero sense until you understand them as individualists. They want to be free from any risk in decision-making, of the Darwinian kind including a loss of social status, while they are still able to enjoy the benefits of society, and are empowered to game the system by being able to make public, symbolic gestures of goodness that obscure the moral level of their other acts.
They hide this philosophy in egalitarianism because the plural of “I can do anything I want” is “we can do anything we want” and this type of collectivized individualism compels all of the members of the gang to defend each other, and so is the most effective method of building a cult-like revolutionary movement within a thriving society.
It makes sense to note this: Leftists do not create civilizations; they attach to them, or rise up within them, and then act as all parasites do. They siphon off nutrition and as they get more numerous, clog the internal motion necessary for homeostasis and gradually weaken and then kill the civilization. Leftists want you to see them as independent; a better comparison is the mosquito or cholera.
The thing about parasites is that if the host dies, all they need is another host nearby. For this reason, it is important for Leftists to encourage the host civilization to embark on any wars it cannot win. Once it is conquered, the Leftists will be there to collaborate with the enemy in exchange for a position in the enemy where they can continue their parasitism.
One reason that theories about The Rich™, The Masons™ or The Jews™ taking over our civilization are silly is that these theories are designed to conceal the actual parasite, which is the Leftist. Maybe the others are also parasites… evidence suggests they are varied, like any other human group. But what they do pales in comparison to the damage Leftism does.
A parasite needs to be like a good snake oil salesman or celebrity. It must constantly draw attention to itself in a way that displays its moral goodness through symbolic acts, because these are a cover for its immoral acts like parasitism itself. Think of it like a businessman: it is more efficient to give 10% a year than spend 20% of every deal ensuring it is ethical and constructive.
This “virtue signaling” is the hallmark of the Leftist and shows us that their ideology is not a philosophy but a pathology. They have zero interest in whether their words are true; what matters is — like the salesman, again — how their words are perceived by others in terms of making the Leftist look good.
If you wonder why Leftist politicians can approve obviously insane and non-working policies and laws, here is your answer. They do not care whether the policy works; in fact, it serves them better if it does not, and creates more social chaos which in turn engenders more unhappy, neurotic and rootless people that can be recruited into the Leftist gang.
Pacifism appeals to the Left because it is part of their stable of “reality is not reality” thinking. Leftists realize they do not have to be radical innovators in order to look like profound inventors, which they do by acting out the script of an inventor.
The inventor is remembered by the group for having essentially said “reality is not reality” in a specific area; the way everyone was thinking about a problem was wrong, and some guy beat it, so it turns out that what most people think of reality is not reality… in that specific area. Leftists want this power more generally, and so they act out the script of claiming most people are wrong in order to appear to be radical innovators.
Conventional knowledge, common sense, logical fact and history hold that the best way to achieve peace is to have a deterrent to aggression. If you can cost the enemy more than he can likely gain, and create uncertainty that he can win, then you are as safe from him as you can be. If you declare pacifism, he will roll in and conquer you, at which point the parasites transfer to him.
Conquerors like the Romans and Genghis Khan experienced this in their own adventures. Whenever they conquered a state or city, there were people there waiting to be of service to the new regime. These people had been highly powerful before and so, it stood to reason, they were competent. Instead they were often parasites, which increased the viral load for Rome while healing some of its territories.
The “reality is not reality” approach of the Leftist recognizes the truth of the need for a military. In fact, if Leftists consistently oppose something, it is a good idea to reconsider it as it usually will be something good. Leftists want to virtue signal their independence from need and their moral supremacy, and humans — especially women — respond to pacifism as if it were good.
In reality, this “good” is just rationalization of a problem to the point of explaining it away. No hippie ever had a good answer for what would happen if the Soviets charged through the American heartland. But, a good salesman makes people feel better by explaining away actual problems so that instead the victims of his con focus on what he wants them to see, which is his virtue.
Feminism — entirely a subset of Leftism — opposes the military because it wants to weaken the nation around it and conquer that nation for its own purposes. Like any other viral thought, feminism “seems” intelligent, good, moral, etc. but turns out to be a deception. Its pacifism is a ruse to the end of that deception, and can safely be considered insane like the rest of feminism.
Tags: feminism, leftism, pacifism, virtue signaling
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Pizza Cupcakes
I made these on a whim this weekend and they were a huge hit with FH and my brother. I love how they look and they taste just as yummy.
Technically it's not really a cupcake. It's a savory muffin with mini pepperonis and mozzarella cheese inside. But FH took one look at them as said “Hey, it's Pizza Cupcakes” and I didn't have the heart to correct him. When I finished baking them, they tasted good but didn't look so pretty. So then I got the idea to top them with more mozzarella cheese and pepperonis for a more finished appearance like adding streusel to a muffin or frosting to a cupcake.
I think these would make great party food. And they are super easy to make.
Please find an updated version of this recipe here.
Here is also a video I made when making the updated version:
MY LATEST VIDEOS
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Two Swedes, a Norwegian, and a Russian makeup Vancouver's European prospects. The Swedes, seem to be developing at an acceptable rate, whereas the other two seem to be struggling somewhat with demotion and lack of playing time.
, RW – Brynas IF Gavle (SEL)
Acquired: 2nd (53rd overall), 2009
21 November 1990, 6'0", 176 lbs
Rodin moved back up from Mora in the Swedish Premier Division to Brynas of the Swedish Elite League earlier in the year. He was originally lent to Mora to get more ice time, and played in eight games, scoring two goals and assisting two others. In the SEL, he had five points in 36 games. So far in four playoff games, Rodin has one goal.
He is among the youngest players on the team, and is a very capable skater, who has a head for the game with a shot to match.
The winger really turned heads playing on a line with Brynas teammate, (OTT) and Timra's (EDM) at the most recent WJCs. He was tied for second in team scoring with highly-touted Oiler prospect, .
, D – Frolunda Indians (SEL)
Acquired: 5th round (143rd overall), 2009
13 April 1991, 6'3", 194 lbs
Frölunda is in the playoffs, but after fracturing the scaphoid bone in his wrist, won't be. The injury is said to be enough to keep him sidelined for the remainder of the season. In 21 games he had 5 points in the SEL. At the Allsvenskan level with Boras, he had six points in 10 games. In the WJC, he had three points in six games.
Andersson signed a one-year extension with the Indians on Feb. 22, which is a good thing, as one more year of development in will benefit the soon-to-be 19-year-old two-way defender.
, C – Manglerud Star (Norwegian GET League)
Acquired: 6th round (161st overall), 2008
31 July 1988, 6'1”, 198 lbs
Due to what he felt was limited ice time with Lulea HF of the Swedish Elite League, Froshaug made the transition back home to this season. Currently playing for the Manglerud Star of the Norwegian GET League, Froshaug scored 11 regular-season points in as many games, and added two goals and one assist in five playoff games.
, C – Moscow Spartak (KHL)
Acquired: 5th round (146th overall), 2007
18 January 1988, 6'2”, 183 lbs
While still only 22 (fourth youngest on the Moscow Spartak roster), it's becoming obvious that despite his potential, Kablukov may never become the player the Canucks hoped he would. This year he put up 12 points in 54 games in the KHL, and despite being considered an effective two-way center, wins about as many face-offs as he loses. Additionally, he has only seen action in two post-season games so far.
Extremist Religious Right activist Theodore Shoebat posted a video yesterday in which he declared that “both Stephen Bannon and Ann Coulter are absolutely evil, they are enemies of Christendom and are filled with the spirit of Antichrist.”
Shoebat said that Coulter, in particular, is a “fascistic bitch” who should be put to death for associating with “fags.”
“The witch, the Jezebel Ann Coulter is not what you think she is,” he said. “She's not what a lot of people think she is, she's not this wonderful woman of God, this great Christian woman. She's not that. The woman is a fascistic bitch … she's evil, she's very deceptive, she's a Jezebel. And in a Christian society, Ann Coulter would be arrested and put to death. Bottom line. This woman would be arrested and put to death and rightfully so, because she is evil.”
In recent years, consumers have directed a lot of ire at the nation's banks. The financial crisis exposed the dangerous lending practices of many of these businesses.
When scores of banks were deemed “too big to fail” and granted taxpayer-funded bailouts, fed-up consumers began to look for an alternative place to keep checking and savings accounts.
Enter credit unions. These nonprofit institutions are growing fast, thanks to their customer-friendly ways, says Leonard Arvi, assistant professor of finance at the Franklin P. Perdue School of Business at Salisbury University in Maryland.
Arvi believes this trend will continue, and explains why in the following interview.
How did credit unions come about?
Credit unions were originally created to promote savings (and) to serve those in rural areas who lacked access to financial institutions. In the mid-19th century, rural communities were not served by the banks like they did in the larger towns or cities. It was to fill this void (that) credit unions were created. Even in the present day, credit unions serve those populations who lack access to a regular bank in many developing countries.
Over the years, credit unions have evolved from providing social capital to the underserved or unbanked communities to (a) niche player attracting deposits from savers who want (an) alternative to large commercial banks.
As of 2011, in 100 countries there are 51,013 credit unions with 196,498,738 members with assets totaling $1.563 trillion. The largest credit union in the U.S. is Navy Federal Credit Union, serving 3.4 million Department of Defense employees and their families with $45 billion in assets.
How are credit unions different from banks?
Credit unions are not-for-profit, tax-exempt organizations. They are called cooperatives in some countries (and) are owned by those who invest and save in these institutions. For example, when you open a savings account in a credit union, you can give ownership share proportionally to what you save in the organization. They are more community-oriented, offering competitive rates to their members, as they are not profit-driven like commercial banks.
Members elect the board of directors with one vote per member irrespective of how many shares they hold. Publicly traded banks have voting rights proportional to share ownership. So credit union members have greater say in how the credit union is run than a typical shareholder of a commercial bank.
“Not profit-driven” does not mean they do not make any profits. They have to make money on their loans and investments, with which they can pay out shareholders' dividends, as well as for the operational expenses for running the credit unions. Expenses include paying salaries for employees, buildings, equipment and other necessary infrastructure costs.
Unlike banks, credit unions do not have (to) meet quarterly earnings expectations of Wall Street, so they generally tend to be conservative in their investments and less risky than “too big to fail” financial institutions that offer banking services.
As they are not profit-driven, they can provide loans — auto, home, equity lines of credit — (at) a rate that is lower than what a larger financial institution might charge a customer.
Credit unions exist primarily to serve (their) members with competitive interest rates and serving the underserved — those who do not have access to formal banking.
What are the advantages for consumers of choosing a credit union over a bank?
Credit unions invariably offer higher interest rates on different savings accounts (money market, certificates of deposit, etc.). They also charge lower interest rates on different consumer loans such as mortgages, auto loans, and (home) equity lines of credit than larger banks.
Credit unions usually serve a particular community, so they usually charge less in fees than comparable banks. Fees include account maintenance, overdraft and other banking service fees.
This does not mean credit unions do not charge overdraft fees — they do, like banks, but members can easily negotiate for lowering the fees due to the personal banking relationship and ease of access. Besides, members generally can avoid the charges by linking their checking and savings account so any shortfall in checking is automatically withdrawn from the savings account.
Since credit unions (take) pride in their service, they tend to be more inclusive and work with their members when such fees are imposed.
Like banks, all deposits by the members in credit unions are federally insured up to $250,000 for each account.
What are some of the potential downsides of banking at a credit union?
For consumers who like to have all their financial needs met at a single institution, credit unions might not be able to offer all the possible services. For example, many but not all credit unions offer retirement planning, college savings accounts and individual retirement accounts.
Also, for businesses that need sophisticated needs such as foreign exchange services, risk management or hedging services, credit unions might (not) be able to offer these services.
Otherwise, for all day-to-day banking services, credit unions do a great job for most consumers and meet their banking needs.
What's behind the brisk growth of credit unions in the last few years? Is it being driven by a backlash against banks?
Since the Great Recession, credit unions have actively courted savers by offering free checking or no-fee banking services. The disgruntled public, who were looking for alternatives to larger national or regional banks, have embraced credit unions for their competitive rates and lower fees.
Their tax-exempt status has made them more attractive and has helped improve their bottom line. All these benefits flow back to the members in the form of dividends or lower fees and interest rates.
Expect more growth of credit unions as they offer mobile banking and other consumer attractive features as they increase their market share. (The) public wins when they have choices, easy access and more robust competition in the banking industry.
We would like to thank Leonard Arvi, assistant professor of finance at the Franklin P. Perdue School of Business at Salisbury University in Maryland, for his insights. Claes Bell, senior banking analyst/writer for Bankrate.com, contributed the questions for this interview.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
On Friday, the Web site WikiLeaks published nearly 400,000 U.S. Army documents related to the Iraq War. The documents, collectively known as the Iraq War Logs, offer detailed descriptions of civilian deaths, the abuse of prisoners and detainees, and Iran's role in assisting Iraqi militias against U.S. troops, among other aspects of the war. The War Logs are said to constitute the biggest leak in the history of the American military, and just as when WikiLeaks released a similar series of documents about Afghanistan in July, people are asking questions about the national security implications, the behavior of American political and military leaders, and the methods of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
In the Revelations, Plenty of Blame to Go Around Slate's Fred Kaplan notes that "according to the Pentagon's secret report, most Iraqi civilian deaths were caused by other Iraqis" and that "while some American guards behaved horrendously toward Iraqi detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison, Iraqi police and soldiers have behaved much worse." Kaplan concludes that "these new documents indicate, whether Assange realizes it or not, that not all the bastards are American."
U.K. Papers Condemn War Once Again "It is too early for history to have formed a settled view on the war," reads an editorial in The Guardian, "but the case that it was a monumental error gets ever more compelling." The Independent writes that "The Iraq war logs constitute a 400,000-page indictment in the court of history for one of the worst judgements in American foreign policy, in which [Tony] Blair finally faces an unanswerable charge of aiding and abetting." In The Daily Telegraph, Sean Rayment writes that "fear can neither be used as either a defence nor an excuse. Mistakes will be made in war, they are part of the fabric of conflict, but they must be investigated not ignored for the sake of political expediency."
Leaks Show That Iran Has Always Been a Threat, concludes William Jacobson at Legal Insurrection. "Iran has been killing American soldiers for years in Iraq, both directly and through groups trained and deployed by Iran, as has Syria to a lesser degree," he writes. "Our policymakers need to accept that the Iranian regime--much like al-Qaeda in the 1990s--declared war on us long before the American public knew it. If anything good comes from the Wikileaks disclosure, it will be to pull the mask off of Iranian involvement in Iraq, how much the Iranians contributed to the deterioration of Iraq after the 2003 invasion (and yes, the intra-Iraqi violence), and the continuing Iranian war against us."
The Impact in Iraq Juan Cole at Informed Comment worries that the War Logs "may well derail the formation of a government by implicating caretaker prime minister Nuri al-Maliki in running death squads ... A member of the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq, Jalaluddin Saghir was blistering in his criticism of the Iraqi government because of the new revelations. ISCI (which Iranian official news calls SIIC) is for the moment declining to join al-Maliki's coalition. Its leaders thus have a vested interest in al-Maliki fading away."
Any Real News Here? wonders Max Boot at Commentary. "The documents about the Iraq War don't tell us much that we didn't already know in broad outline," Boot writes. "While they may well compromise 'sources and methods,' to use the intelligence terminology, they are hardly a revelation to anyone who has been paying attention. Today's headlines, for example, are about the deaths of Iraqi civilians caused mainly by other Iraqis but also, in some instances, by U.S. forces. Civilians dying in war: hardly a shocker."
WikiLeaks Getting Better at What it Does Charli Carpenter of the blog Lawyers, Guns and Money notes that Assange and the WikiLeaks team seem to be getting more conscientious about protecting their sources by removing their names from the documents, which they notably failed to do with the Afghanistan leaks. Carpenter also writes that "Assange is developing a clearer understanding of international law and discourse, something that will help him frame the significance of what he is trying to do," and that the WikiLeaks site is itself easier to use and navigate than it used to be.
Time to Revisit Our Definition of 'Journalist' At PrawfsBlawg, Lyrissa Lidsky writes that "had the documents been leaked to a responsible news outlet, it would no doubt have analyzed, organized, and assembled the information to focus primarily on the items of public interest while minimizing the risks to our troops, our allies, and our national interests." But, she says, "Assange is determined to disclose, devil take the consequences." Lidsky concludes that "the Wikileaks controversy ought to illustrate the important role played by the institutional or so-called 'mainstream' media and ought to give Congress more confidence in adopting a narrow definition of 'journalists' entitled to the protections" of the Free Flow of Information Act, a bill that would protect reporters from being forced to name their sources under subpoena.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Just when I had almost given up hope, my Secret Santa got me an awesome gift that wasn't even on my list. I have no idea how she found out I love Demetri Martin or was able to get me the other DVD of his that I did not own but I am absolutely blown away. Since this is my only way to tell her thanks, THANK YOU! You did fantastic and I wish you could understand just how perfect your gift was. Merry Christmas!
Quick Update: I just got the last part of my gift from my secret santa and she very generously purchased a sheep for a family in need through Heifer. My secret santa did a fantastic job and she made sure my first year of this went a thousand times better than I expected.
Hey everyone,
I wanted to ensure that we have at least ONE post for today, even if we seemed to be otherwise silent today. Our normal team of writers is all tied up working on various projects, other members of the team were working hard on pushing forward, and I ended up dealing with a lot more of the “business” side of the site than I would have liked. However, there should be a payoff for this in the end! Here is what to watch for over the weekend:
Streamlining the Digital Currency “Coin Representative” Onboarding Process
Our Coin Representative project has been quite successful thus far, and we are preparing to take it to the next level. We often tweet about it to our followers, or post on various digital currency subreddits, and that has worked for the trial phase. This method has resulted in some spectacular representatives, and interesting characters. Some are from well known digital currencies, and others from unknown niches (see Tacocoin)!
Over the weekend we will be releasing a more obvious process for members of the digital currency communities to become Coin Representatives, and provide more visibility to all of our users about the project itself. This will include what it means to be a “Coin Representative”, and why more communities should put forth at least one member to represent their coincommunity. However, until then, feel free to check out some of the recent articles from the Potcoin, Myriadcoin, Litecoin, Darkcoin, Vertcoin, NXT, and Monero communities!
Coin Brief's Weekly Recap, Touching on All of the Bitcoin and Digital Currency News from the Previous Week
Kristi, who many of you have interacted with via our Twitter account, has been tweeting a short recap of Coin Brief's articles for the past few weeks. I think that is a fantastic idea, and would like to take it a step farther. We will begin to publish a weekly recap article, which will not only recap events that we have written about, but include as many other relevant stories related to Bitcoin or other digital currencies.
Look forward to seeing that published sometime tomorrow, or by Sunday at the latest. In the future, we will try to set a specific day of the week on which to release these overviews.
Coin Brief's Latest Podcast, and Shorts, from Evan and Sean
Evan and Sean, two of our regular authors, have been publishing a podcast for quite some time now. They have received great feedback, and our YouTube channel is beginning to pick up steam (especially after the interview with Erik Voorhees). Their latest work should be available tomorrow. Also, over the following weeks, we will be releasing a series of additional interviews that have now been officially scheduled, and should be recorded soon.
The Digital Currency Portfolio, Brought to you By Clay
While most of you likely have no idea who Clay is (and he seems to like it that way), I am going to out him now. He is my co-founder, and is the development side of Coin Brief. He has been working on a multitude of interesting tools for quite some time now, and one of the most useful is nearing completion. Without going into too much detail, our Coin Portfolio will make it much easier to keep tabs on all of your various digital currencies, and their combined value, without the need to trust us, or any other third party, with your personal data, or the coins themselves.
Digital Currency Contests and Giveaways!
We have been planning on hosting more contests for quite some time, as our original tagline contest went extremely well. While we may not officially begin a contest or giveaway over the weekend, expect an announcement about what the next contest or giveaway will be, and how to join in!
Bitcoin and Digital Currency News
Of course, this is still our central purpose, and alongside the other events, announcements, and upgrades announced here, expect to see plenty of our normal reports, analysis, reviews, and opinions popping up. Again, we apologize for the lack therein today. The perfect storm of busywork, real life, and other distractions lead to this down day.
As the editor, and one of the co-founders, I take full responsibility for that. I should have noticed it at an earlier point in the day, when I still had time to do something about it, and found a way to get out at least a few articles. I'll make sure to be more vigilant in the future, and work out a system to handle this type of situation, should it arise again.
Anyway, I hope you all have a wonderful weekend! Don't forget to check in on us.
Very Sincerely,
Dustin O'Bryant
Co-Founder and Editor of Coin Brief
Cumulative Update 1 (CU1) for SCCM 2012 R2 SP1 and SCCM 2012 SP2 is now available. This post is a complete step-by-step SCCM 2012 R2 SP1 CU1 Installation guide. If you're looking for a complete SCCM 2012 installation guide, see our blog series which covers it all.
Installing SCCM cumulative updates is very important to your infrastructure. It fixes lots of issues, which some of them are important.
As this is the first post-R2 SP1 cumulative update, the important requirement for the installation is that SCCM 2012 R2 SP1 is installed. The latest non-R2 SP1 cumulative update is CU5. Don't get confused, this CU could have been named CU6 (chronologically wise) but Microsoft has decided to reset the numbering due to the Service Pack release. See our SCCM 2012 versions post to have a clear view of all build numbers.
Improvements/Fixes
The major new functionality of CU1 is the Automatic Client Upgrade feature during CU setup wizard. This will facilitate client upgrade when applying further CU.
Latest KB are included and many bugs are fixed in this cumulative update. Follow this Microsoft Support page to see a detailed list.
Before you begin
Installing this update is very similar to prior CU. I'll guide you through the upgrade process step-by-step in a standalone primary scenario.
Download the update on the Microsoft Support page
This update can be applied directly to the following Systems/Roles:
The Central Administration Site (CAS)
Primary Site
Secondary Site
SMS Provider
Configuration Manager Console
In this guide, we'll be updating a Primary Site Server, console and clients.
SCCM 2012 R2 SP1 CU1 Installation guide
To start the installation, lauch a remote desktop session on your Primary Site Server, and run CM12_SP2R2SP1CU1-KB3074857-X64-ENU.exe
A log file will be created in C:\Windows\Temp\CM12_SP2R2SP1CU1-KB3074857-X64-ENU.log
On the Welcome Screen, click Next
Accept the license agreement, and click Next
Ensure that everything is green, and click Next. On the screenshot, a restart is required before installing the CU
Check the box to update the console, click Next
Select Yes, update the site database, click Next
This is the new Automatic Client Update addition. Select the behavior that you want
addition. Select the behavior that you want Choosing the Automatically apply option results in following steps: Places the most recent client patch file on the site server Updates content on the distribution points for this site and any child sites. Note this only occurs when the cumulative update runs on the Central Administration Site (CAS) Updates the client package on the Management Point of the local site; this source is used in the event there are no distribution points available for client installation Future client installations using the Client Push method will apply the new patch automatically The time frame for updating the client depends on your Automatic Client Upgrade settings
option results in following steps: If you chose the Manually Apply option, you will need to update your client manually as in prior CU (See our Updating the clients section)
Check all 3 checkbox (Server, Console and Clients), click Next
Edit the package name and program to your need, click Next
Review the Summary page, click Install
Installation is in progress
You can follow the installation progress in the log file (C:\Windows\Temp\CM12_SP2R2SP1CU1-KB3074857-X64-ENU.log)
When setup is complete, click Next and then Finish
Verification
Consoles
After setup is completed, launch the System Center 2012 Configuration Manager Console and verify the build number of the console. If the upgrade was successful, the console build number will be 5.0.8239.1203.
Servers
Open registry editor and check the HKLM\Software\Microsoft\SMS\Setup\ key. If the installation succeeded CULevel key value will be 1.
You can also verify both client and console version using PowerShell :
Server : Get-ItemProperty -Path HKLM:\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\SMS\Setup -Name “CULevel”
Console : (Get-Item ($env:SMS_ADMIN_UI_PATH.Substring(0,$env:SMS_ADMIN_UI_PATH.Length – 5) + ‘\Microsoft.ConfigurationManagement.exe')).VersionInfo.FileVersion
Clients
The client version will be updated to 5.0.8239.1203 (after updating, see section below)
This update also brings the anti-malware client version to 4.7.0209.0. You can find the version information by clicking About on the Help menu of the Endpoint Protection client UI.
Package distribution
Navigate to Software Library / Packages / Configuration Manager Updates
You'll see that your CU1 updates packages are created
Go ahead and Distribute Content to your distribution points
Updating the Clients
If you select the Automatically Apply option in the installation wizard, your client will update using your time frame settings.
Open the SCCM Console
Go to Administration / Site Configuration / Sites
Click the Hierarchy Settings in the top ribbon
in the top ribbon Select Automatic Client Upgrade tab
tab The Upgrade client automatically when the new client update are available checkbox has been enabled
checkbox has been enabled Review your time frame and adjust it to your needs
If you select the Manually Apply option in the wizard, you will need to update your client manually.
This update contains 2 update packages for client installations. One for 32-bit clients and one for 64-bit clients.
Create two collections for the client upgrade. (If not already done in previous CU)
All-x64-based Clients
select SMS_R_SYSTEM.ResourceID,SMS_R_SYSTEM.ResourceType,SMS_R_SYSTEM.Name,SMS_R_SYSTEM.SMSUniqueIdentifier,SMS_R_SYSTEM.ResourceDomainORWorkgroup,SMS_R_SYSTEM.Client from SMS_R_System inner join SMS_G_System_COMPUTER_SYSTEM on SMS_G_System_COMPUTER_SYSTEM.ResourceId = SMS_R_System.ResourceId where SMS_G_System_COMPUTER_SYSTEM.SystemType = "X64-based PC"
All-x86-based Clients
select SMS_R_SYSTEM.ResourceID,SMS_R_SYSTEM.ResourceType,SMS_R_SYSTEM.Name,SMS_R_SYSTEM.SMSUniqueIdentifier,SMS_R_SYSTEM.ResourceDomainORWorkgroup,SMS_R_SYSTEM.Client from SMS_R_System inner join SMS_G_System_COMPUTER_SYSTEM on SMS_G_System_COMPUTER_SYSTEM.ResourceId = SMS_R_System.ResourceId where SMS_G_System_COMPUTER_SYSTEM.SystemType = "X86-based PC"
Adjust the package options to fit your environments and deploy the update to your clients.
Once deployed I like to create a collection that targets clients without the latest CU. I use it to monitor which client haven't been updated yet.
Here's the query to achieve this: (You can also refer to our Set of Operational Collection Powershell Script)
select SMS_R_SYSTEM.ResourceID,SMS_R_SYSTEM.ResourceType,SMS_R_SYSTEM.Name,SMS_R_SYSTEM.SMSUniqueIdentifier,SMS_R_SYSTEM.ResourceDomainORWorkgroup,SMS_R_SYSTEM.Client from SMS_R_System where SMS_R_System.ClientVersion != '5.0.8239.1203'
Happy updating ! 🙂
If you've noticed, I've sort of become a stalker of The Time We Were Not In Love. It's still early to tell, but in terms of tone, this remake feels different from In Time With You. Whether that's good or bad remains to be seen, but I am hopeful that different will work in its favor. See Fated to Love You! 😉
Although the preview does not tell us all about our leads yet, I think I can safely say that Ha Ji Won‘s Oh Ha Na is nothing like Ariel Lin‘s You Qing and Lee Jin Wook‘s Choi Won is not carbon copy of Chen Bo Lin‘s Li Da Ren. You Qing wears her emotions on her sleeves, but her assertiveness is tempered by some pride and restraint; in contrast, Oh Ha Na is adorably quirky and more liberal with her reactions. As for Li Da Ren, there's a certain passive and almost morose quality about him compared to Choi Won, who, in the teasers and preview, comes across as having a cooler and peppier disposition. The initial episodes of the Korean version also seem to go out of the way to show how the OTP's friendship developed.
Maybe it's the writing or the direction combined with the actors' interpretations of the characters, but I'm open to the differences, and I think the essence of the original leads—their vulnerabilities, strengths, and their bond with each other—will still be felt with their Korean counterparts.
Just a few more days, guys, and we'll have eight weeks of obsessing over this show! That is, if it delivers 😉 Cross your fingers!
Here's an alternative link (HD).
Sources | SBS The Time We Were Not In Love | Credit to uploader | Soompi, c/o irilight | 1023Hajiwon FB (JiWon Lovers 지원러버스)
The baseball world turned its back on Jose Bautista. And now, it appears, he'll go back to the only place that really, honestly, seriously made sense for him all along.
Bautista, who was reportedly nearing an agreement with the Blue Jays as of Monday morning,* is one of just two remaining free agents tied to a Draft pick, joining Mark Trumbo. His late-developing market, therefore, was clouded by compensation, but it was also clouded by the complaining, combativeness and general combustibility that makes him the game's greatest villain.
*MLB.com's Jesse Sanchez first reported that the two sides were nearing an agreement, and Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports and MLB Network has since reported that they are discussing a two-year deal in the $35-40 million range.
Those same features become a bug when your stats go south. For Bautista, that's precisely what happened in his age-35 season. He missed time with turf toe and knee injuries, and his newfound troubles with the fastball (his isolated power on four-seamers dropped from .314 to .244) led to his lowest slugging percentage (.405) since his nondescript days with the Pirates.
Bautista's Pirates tenure was part of a six-year odyssey in which the slugger bounced around from team to team and position to position. He was Rule 5, waiver wire and trade fodder for the Buccos, Orioles, Rays and Royals, and, though the Pirates did give him a regular opportunity between 2006 and 2008 in his second stint with the club, Bautista would later, in the midst of his unbelievable ascent with the Blue Jays, chalk them up as just one of the many teams that didn't know how to or simply didn't care to tap into his potential.
Evidently, this was the way it had to be for Bautista to become the generational player he became in Toronto, where, from 2010-15, he averaged 38 homers, 97 RBIs and a .945 OPS and created Canada's most iconic sports image -- that beautiful and controversial bat flip in an epic Division Series clincher against the Rangers -- since Joe Carter's World Series-capping home run.
This was/is a man with a chip on his shoulder, probably all the more now that he found the open-market waters to be so choppy. It's easy for those of us outside this man's head to suggest or insist that he tone his act, stop arguing with umps or agitating opposing fans, stop getting snippy with the media on those days he's actually willing to talk and just put his head down and play. Had that been Bautista's modus operandi all along, there is reason to suspect he would have found a free-agent fit weeks ago. It's not often you see a baseball executive come right out and say what Orioles general manager Dan Duquette said of Bautista: "We told his agent we're not interested because our fans don't like him."
But for all we know, Bautista's antics and statistics ran hand-in-hand. Maybe it took a festering frustration with the game and with all those jerks who overlooked him to uncork that 54-homer season and all that followed.
(Or maybe it was a changed leg kick. Whatever.)
Anyway, if 30 teams had 25 innocent altar boys, what fun would that be? Bautista came to represent the best and the worst of the Blue Jays, and the fans -- generally speaking, anyway -- came to love that about him. Edwin Encarnacion became his sidekick and then, in 2015, then-GM Alex Anthopoulos brought in the comparatively chippy Josh Donaldson and, eventually, the supremely self-confident Troy Tulowitzki. Perfect. The Blue Jays lineup was big on personality and production, and it had two American League Championship Series appearances to show for it.
But in the wake of consecutive ALCS losses, with Bautista and Encarnacion eligible for free agency and with a new-look front office just beginning to make its mark on the organization's short- and long-term outlook, it has been fascinating to watch the Jays offseason evolve. They are getting roundly criticized for their handling of Encarnacion, but now, with Bautista purportedly back aboard, their approach seems to have much merit to it.
That Toronto prioritized Encarnacion over Bautista cannot be disputed. They put a four-year, $80 million deal on the table for Double-E, and, had he accepted, it's quite likely they would have pivoted to more cost-effective options in the corner outfield rather than re-engaging with a 36-year-old with a high price tag and declining defensive metrics.
Encarnacion, however, opted to look around elsewhere, costing himself millions in the process. The Blue Jays quickly signed Kendrys Morales to a three-year, $33 million deal, and Encarnacion ended up in Cleveland for three years and $60 million. Morales is a good hitter, but he's a station-to-station baserunner with little to no defensive value who will be in his aged 34-36 seasons over the life of this deal. You'd certainly rather have the Encarnacion deal than the Morales deal, even though it's the significantly more expensive of the two, but the Blue Jays signed Morales before the completion of the collective bargaining agreement, which created the luxury tax stipulations that hindered Encarnacion's market and helped his price tag drop. Hindsight's 20/20 and all that.
What the Encarnacion debacle did do for the Blue Jays is created some financial wiggle room. And where they were surprisingly proactive on the DH front, they were rightly patient in a crowded and complicated corner outfield scene. In the long run, we might look back and say a short-term reunion with Bautista was more beneficial than a long-term entanglement with Encarnacion.
As bad as Bautista's 2016 was by his standards, he still contributed a weighted run created plus of 122. Compare that with some of the free-agent or trade options in the marketplace.
Jay Bruce: 111
Curtis Granderson: 114
Carlos Gonzalez: 108
Brandon Moss: 105
Colby Rasmus: 75
Another option was bringing back Michael Saunders (117), who was nearing a one-year deal with the Phillies on Monday, but Saunders' general unreliability due to injury is pretty well-established at this point.
Maybe Bautista's 2016 was the beginning of a painful, age-influenced decline, but David Ortiz taught us an important lesson about the danger in burying supremely intelligent hitters before their time. For what it's worth, Steamer projects a 128 wRC+ for Bautista in 2017. It's possible that whatever offense the Blue Jays sacrificed in replacing Encarnacion (projected 123 wRC+ for '17) with Morales (112) is offset by the production Bautista provides in right field relative to what the club would have gotten from his replacement.
Furthermore, a two-year deal with Bautista comes with the financial and evaluative flexibility that simply wouldn't have been possible had Encarnacion taken that initial four-year offer. And though the Jays pay an opportunity cost in re-signing Bautista and not recouping a pick should he sign elsewhere, they did gain a pick (No. 28 overall) for Encarnacion's jump to the Tribe.
As long and convoluted the path might have been, maybe this was the destination that made the most sense all along. Bautista's down year, polarizing personality and Draft pick attachment made him toxic in many markets. Once again, baseball turned its back on him, and once again the Blue Jays are the team giving him an opportunity to prove everybody wrong.
***
Anthony Castrovince is a sport on Earth contributor, MLB.com columnist and MLB Network contributor. Follow him on Twitter @Castrovince.
WASHINGTON — President Trump asked Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, to stay away from his inauguration on Friday for an important reason.
As the senior Republican in the Senate, Hatch expected to join the president's escort to the dais on the steps of Capitol Hill and to sit in a prominent seat. Instead, Trump selected him as the designated survivor who would ensure the continuity of government in case catastrophe struck the swearing-in ceremony, where all the nation's leaders were gathered in one place.
Hatch traveled to a distant, undisclosed and secure location to fulfill that duty.
"At the request of President Donald Trump, I am honored to fulfill the role of designated presidential successor during the inauguration," Hatch said in a news release. As much as I would have liked to participate in the ceremony and festivities, I am honored to perform this important constitutional duty, which ensures the continuity of government."
Trump's choice made Hatch, who is president pro tem of the Senate, unique in inaugural history. He is the highest-ranking person to serve as a designated survivor on inauguration day.
Hatch is third in line to the presidency, after the vice president and speaker of the House. If those three resigned or died or were removed from office, Hatch would become acting president.
Hatch did serve as the designated successor to during President Obama's 2016 State of the Union address. He was the second president pro tem to serve in that role. Sen. Ted Stevens, R-Alaska, served as the designated survivor for George W. Bush's 2005 and 2006 State of the Union speeches.
In the past, a designated survivor, a role born in the Cold War under the specter of nuclear war, has been provided with presidential-level security and transportation, according to a 2007 CBS News story. A military aide is also alongside with the "football," the briefcase with nuclear missile launch codes.
Leephus 3 years ago
I wasn't building it to be the most practical but rather the most visually accurate with what I had. The engine on the Millennium Falcon had an array of vertical thrusters rather than circular ones which is why I went with the lights.
I know I can test the stability (screenshot shown). It's just a little annoying I can't use lower tier pieces on TX even though I'm using T1 cubes.
Also, you can't use T2 thrusters with TX either.
I wasn't building it to be the most practical but rather the most visually accurate with what I had. The engine on the Millennium Falcon had an array of vertical thrusters rather than circular ones which is why I went with the lights. I know I can test the stability (screenshot shown). It's just a little annoying I can't use lower tier pieces on TX even though I'm using T1 cubes. Also, you can't use T2 thrusters with TX either.
SUNSET PARK, Brooklyn — A former NYPD officer was sentenced to three years in prison for molesting a girl repeatedly over the course of three years, the Brooklyn District Attorney's office said Wednesday.
Jacob Sabbagh, 34, was a former family friend. He would sleep over at the victim's Flatbush home around once a month from the time the girl was 10 in 2005 to the time she was 13 in 2008 – one year before Sabbagh joined the police force. He was convicted in June for repeatedly molesting her.
“This defendant's shameful actions are a shocking betrayal of trust,” said District Attorney Thompson. “That he went on to become a police officer makes this case all the more disturbing.”
The victim and her family moved out of the country. She told her parents about the abuse when she was 16. Police arrested Sabbagh in 2015.
Sabbagh was sentenced to only three of a possible seven years. He has been released on bail pending an appeal.
BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - Slovakia passed legislation on Wednesday to effectively block Islam from gaining official status as a religion in the near future in the latest sign of growing anti-Muslim sentiment across the European Union.
The former communist state has fiercely resisted EU efforts to cope with a big influx of mainly Muslim migrants into Europe since 2015, in part by opposing quotas to share out asylum seekers among EU members. Prime Minister Robert Fico's government has said Islam has no place in Slovakia.
Parliament adopted a bill sponsored by the Slovak National Party (SNS), junior member in Fico's coalition, that requires a religion to have at least 50,000 members, up from 20,000, to qualify for state subsidies and to run its own schools.
The change will make it much harder to register Islam, which has just 2,000 adherents in Slovakia according to the last census and no recognised mosques. The Islamic Foundation in Slovakia estimates the number at around 5,000.
The SNS said the new law was meant to prevent speculative registrations of churches, such as the satirical Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster, which has amassed followers worldwide.
“Islamisation starts with a kebab and it's already under way in Bratislava, let's realise what we can face in five to 10 years ... We must do everything we can so that no mosque is built in the future,” SNS chairman Andrej Danko said earlier.
There was no immediate comment from the Islamic Foundation.
The law was approved by a two-thirds majority in parliament comprising both ruling and opposition parties. Lawmakers turned down a proposal by the opposition far-right People's Party-Our Slovakia to raise the religion membership bar to 250,000.
The small central European country's population is 5.4 million; 62 percent of it is declared Roman Catholic.
Danko had called for steps to prevent the registration of Islam and ban the wearing of burqas in public and the construction of mosques and minarets.
EU difficulties in absorbing over 1.36 million new migrants since the start of 2015, and a series of Islamist attacks, have stoked anti-Muslim feeling across the EU and boosted the appeal of far-right, anti-immigrant parties, prompting a rightward shift of governing centrists ahead of key elections next year.
So, I got a call from the LDS missionaries. Normally, I wouldn't have picked up the phone, but I had just walked in the door and answered it without looking at the caller ID. For what I initially thought would be a quick, “please don't call again”, turned into a 15 minute theological discussion. I'm quite impressed that he was so willing to answer my questions, considering that I'm not an ‘investigator' and am an official apostate. Rather than summarizing, I will attempt to recount the conversation as best I can:
Me: Hello?
Missionary: Hi. This is Elder _______ from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and we were wondering when a good time would be for us to come by and share a message with you?
Me: Sorry, did you say Mormon Missionaries? [I didn't quite catch what he said at first, since I was bringing in groceries]
Missionary: Yeah…
Me: You see, I specifically asked for the Church not to contact me when I sent in my official resignation, and yet, here you are calling me.
Missionary: Oh, I'm sorry. We're from the Spanish mission, and sometimes we don't get the same information from our English counterparts.
Me: Oh, I see. Well please take me off of your call list.
Missionary: Oh, okay sir, but I just wanted to tell you that I know the Church is true, and that the Book of Mormon is the true word of God…
Me: Wait. [cutting him off] If the Book of Mormon is true, wouldn't it make sense that facts discovered outside of the Church would align with that truth?
Missionary: Uh, yeah, I suppose.
Me: Then why is it that the Book of Mormon talks about steel being used in ancient America long before steel was even invented? Or how about dragons? They've never existed!
Missionary: Well, I'm not a historian, so I can't speak to that. What I do know is that the Book of Mormon is another testament of Jesus Christ, who died for us so that we can be forgiven and return to live with him.
Me: Really? Why did he have to die for us to be forgiven? Could't God have been able to forgive us without having to sacrifice his son?
Missionary: Well… it's all part of God's plan.
Me: Sure, but I could forgive someone without having to kill someone else. Why couldn't God simply forgive without having to let Jesus die?
Missionary: Someone had to pay for our sins. It would be unjust if someone didn't pay the price.
Me: Unjust? If you stole from me, I could forgive you without needing retribution. I'd just have to accept that I no longer have that money any more and let it go.
Missionary: Well, that's very nice of you. However, we are commanded to forgive since it's not our job to judge.
…
Me: Do you believe that God's commandments are timeless?
Missionary: Well, yes.
Me: Then why is it that the Church has had prophets who have completely contradicted each other?
Missionary: Well I don't know about that, but the beauty of having a prophet and modern revelation is that we are continually given instruction that's relevant to our time.
Me: You believe that Brigham Young was a prophet, and everything he said in that capacity is God's will and word – otherwise he would have been removed from that position – right?
Missionary: Well, yes. I do believe that Brigham Young was a prophet of God…
Me: Then how come he said that Polygamy was essential to gain Celestial glory, and would forever be so. Yet a few years later, Wilford Woodruff released the Manifesto of 1890 (aka Official Declaration 1), abolishing it? And even President Hinckley said, in an interview with Larry King, that he doesn't think it was even doctrinal, yet it's clearly written in D&C 132!
Missionary: What's with your fixation on polygamy? [I think I may have mentioned it earlier somewhere, but I can't quite remember when]
Me: It's not polygamy that I'm focused on, it the changing doctrine and the clear contradictions from one prophet to another. Polygamy is just an example of that. [admittedly, I just finished reading yet another book about early Mormon polygamy, so it was on my mind]
Missionary: Well, modern revelation allows for us to receive guidance for our day and age, and what needs to be done now.
Me: OK, then why hasn't there been any new revelations in decades?
Missionary: well, there has been. Every General Conference…
Me: No, I mean a revelation, as in “thus saith the Lord” and canonized scripture. There are plenty of modern day issues that could really use a revelation, such as homosexuality.
Missionary: Well, we already know that homosexuality is wrong from the scriptures…
Me: The scriptures don't say that directly. A revelation would help to clarify it so there was no longer any confusion around whether it's the sexual act or the general attraction that's sinful. [not to mention the eternal consequences surrounding the issue]
Missionary: Well, I don't know why there hasn't been, but I do know that we can find the answers to all our problems by reading the Book of Mormon and praying, and He will answer our prayers.
Me: And what if He doesn't?
Missionary: What do you mean?
Me: What if you pray about the Book of Mormon and don't get an answer?
Missionary: We're promised that if we pray with real intent, we will always receive an answer. When's the last time you've read the Book of Mormon?
Me: I'm actually reading it right now. [admittedly, I'm not currently reading it from cover to cover, but reading from it often enough] Plus, I grew up in the Church, attended all my meetings, youth activities, and seminary. I've prayed with real intent, numerous times. I've never received an answer.
Missionary: Well, I'm not sure what your life is like, or why you haven't received an answer, [this is a common Mormon defence: suggesting that I'm not ‘good enough' or have ‘done enough' to be worthy of an answer from God] but I have prayed about it, and have felt my prayers being answered. I know that the Book of Mormon is true. [suggesting that he is somehow superior to me]
Me: How do you “know” that?
Missionary: …What do you mean?
Me: How do you “know” that the Book of Mormon is true with only a feeling to guide you?
Missionary: Well, I prayed about it, and by the power of the Holy Ghost, I received confirmation of the truthfulness of His gospel.
Me: OK, but how do you ‘know' that it was the Holy Ghost telling you that, and not simply your own mind making you feel something that you wanted to feel?
Missionary: Because I felt something that was not of my own thoughts.
Me: But how do you ‘know' that with just a feeling? You can't simply ‘know' something is true by a feeling without having some kind of evidence to support it. I can't ‘know' that the moon landing happened just by how I feel about it….
Missionary: I do know, because the Book of Mormon tells us that if we pray about it, we will feel peace and happiness.
Me: You're not suggesting that those feelings are exclusive to the Holy Ghost, and unavailable to anyone else, are you?
Missionary: Well… no. Everyone can feel that way, but…
Me: Have you ever read the Quran?
Missionary: …no, and I'm not sure I see the relevance.
Me: If you haven't read the Quran, how do you know that it isn't true?
Missionary: Because I know through prayer that the Book of Mormon is true.
Me: Then how come millions of Muslims have prayed about the truthfulness of the Quran, and claim to have received the same confirmation that their book is true?
Missionary: I'm not sure, but people can convince themselves into believing many things, or that they've received an answer to a prayer when they really haven't.
Me: Exactly! So how do you know that you aren't one of them?
Missionary: Because I've felt confirmation by the Holy Ghost. [obviously my point is not sinking in, or he doesn't have an answer]
Me: And how do you know that it was the Holy Ghost and not your own mind?
Missionary: Well sir, I feel like I've already answered that, and I don't want to sound like a broken record… so I think I should let you go.
Me: Well, I don't think you have, but alright.
Missionary: I wish you the best of luck in your life. Goodbye.
Copyright by WJBF - All rights reserved Georgia Republican Sen. Johnny Isakson (left) and Democrat challenger Jim Barksdale (right)
Copyright by WJBF - All rights reserved Georgia Republican Sen. Johnny Isakson (left) and Democrat challenger Jim Barksdale (right)
The Associated Press - ATLANTA (AP) - The Democratic candidate for Georgia's U.S. Senate seat wants six debates against Sen. Johnny Isakson.
In a letter addressed to Isakson, Jim Barksdale's campaign proposes a debate series on "economic issues." The letter also requests the debates be held in Albany, Atlanta, Augusta, Columbus, Macon and Savannah.
Isakson's campaign manager Trey Kilpatrick says the incumbent looks forward to debating and asked staff to start debate negotiations.
Barksdale is a first-time candidate and has depended largely on his personal wealth. Federal reports show he's given his campaign more than $3 million as of June 30 and had about $1.5 million in cash.
Isakson, who has easily defeated challengers without Barksdale's self-funding ability, is seeking a third term. Isakson has about $5.7 million in cash.
Libertarian Allen Buckley also is running.
TWO MEN WHO are getting married to avoid inheritance tax say that there is love between them and that their arrangement benefits the state.
Speaking on Claire Byrne Live last night, Michael O'Sullivan said that the pair had been friends for almost 30 years and that they decided marriage would be the easiest way to pass Matt's house to Michael after his death.
“It's two stories,” said Michael, “It's Matt's story and my story”.
“I lost my apartment and then I was living in a house with another chap, but that house was sold. I would go and stay with Matt the odd time.
He has lived on his own his whole life and I didn't want to intrude on that, so I was living in my car.
Matt said that he offered his friend a roof over his head.
“I told him it's rough and ready, but you'll have a roof over your head. He knows my moods and I thought ‘when I go, I want Michael to have this for his family'.”
The men realised that Michael would be liable for 33% Capital Acquisitions Tax, unless the two married.
They initially told a few friends and family. Michael says that the two didn't apply for carer's allowance due to an unwillingness to allow their home be assessed due to Matt's hoarding.
Michael said that the institution of marriage was designed to “keep countries together and enlarge farms”.
This idea isn't new – it's just new because we're two men.
The two said that there is love between them – even if it's not romantic.
“Michael is the younger brother that I would have loved to have had. I fight with him, but I wouldn't let anyone else say anything to him.”
Michael said that he does love Matt.
I do love Matt, he's one of the nicest people I've ever met.
Michael says that the burden on the state would be greater if Matt were to go into a nursing home or get a carer. He says that this this arrangement allows Matt to stay at home.
The two are due to be married this Friday, if they can arrange a celebrant.
God loves us:
TEA PARTY CAUTION! DO NOT SIGN ANYTHING - FROM ANYONE - AT ANY TEA PARTY ANYWHERE IN THE USA —- NO EXCEPTIONS!Federally-funded ACORN operators will be at all Tea Parties to get signatures which they will give to Obama stating that the signatures are in support of his policies or to get the names of people who oppose his policies and report dissention. NO MATTER WHAT, DO NOT SIGN ANYTHING! IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS WHO PLAN TO ATTEND, WHO DO NOT HAVE EMAIL, GET ON THE PHONE TO WARN THEM. TRY TO CALL OR EMAIL RADIO TALK SHOWS AND LET THE CAT OUT OF THE BAG. PASS IT ON!
Yes, wingnut paranoia has jumped itself as it was already preparing to jump the shark. In their rush to outsmart the nonexistent, double-secret double agents (also!), the teabagging nutters are now warning one another not to fall for any dirty tricks like sharing basic contact information with one another, lest they be unwittingly included in petitions supporting administration positions, or (in their fevered dreams) be reported as dissidents!
Ah, me! The treacherous politics of teabagging!
Let me just state here and now that I wish I had thought of this myself. What could be better than watching wingnuts deny themselves the most basic of organizing tools purely out of their own paranoia?
This will doubtless be a crushing blow to actual organizers who were planning to mine these teabagging parties for signatures on petitions that actual teabaggers would actually support. But hey, you can't be too careful these days! Anyone who asks you for your support of anything while you're out teabagging it up is probably a commie, and you should be ready to scream, "Treason!" at the drop of a hat bag.
Remember that while you're out there claiming your place in the pantheon of patriots, calling to mind the brave colonists of old, it's crucial that you guard carefully against being persuaded to sign your name to any public declaration of your political independence. I promise you that the Founders will be smiling down upon your conservative prudence.
Express/ Getty Images Migrants who risked their lives to travel to Germany are demanding answers from leader
Stranded refugees launched a stinging tirade against the beleaguered German leader, saying she sold them a pack of lies during her infamous speech when she rolled out the red carpet to migrants from across the Middle East. Today they launched a desperate plea for her to be held accountable for the ongoing migrant chaos, telling Express.co.uk that they "risked their children's lives" on the back of her supposed warm welcome. Migrants who believed that they were being welcomed with open arms by Mrs Merkel have actually encountered barbed wire fences, riot police and increasingly hostile publics turning against them. One disconsolate refugee gave this website his personal message to the German chancellor, pleading: “Why couldn't you say no from the beginning?” Express.co.uk visited four squalid camps in Serbia where migrants are living in filthy conditions whilst dreaming of a better life. Amongst their downtrodden ranks we found a growing backlash against under-fire Mrs Merkel, who many migrants now blame for their desperate plight.
Express/ Adrian Callaghan Mohibar Njar wants ministers from Europe to face her after she has been stuck in a camp in Serbia
The German chancellor publicly announced Syrians would be welcomed into her country with open arms last year, offering them the chance to escape war, in what is now seen as the greatest political blunder of her leadership. Millions heard her call and flocked towards the main EU bloc, but a crisis ensued when other nation states panicked. Internal borders across the Schengen free movement zone were hastily restored - often with barbed wire and troops - leaving thousands of people stranded in 'no man's land'. Tensions have since boiled over in the squalid camps, and clashes between police and frustrated migrants were reported along the route from Syria, through Greece and the Balkans. But while this was happening, Syrians were still selling their belongings to raise the cash to reach the promised land having been promised a new life in Germany. The journey - either across the Aegean sea from Turkey to Greece or the Mediterranean from Libya to Italy - costs thousands of pounds and is fraught with danger. Thousands of migrants have drowned after being packed onto rickety smugglers boats which have sunk at sea. And those who have reached Europe have faced a startlingly different reality to what they are expecting, prompting outright fury at the lies they feel they were peddled by Mrs Merkel.
Express/ Adrian Callaghan Migrants like this pregnant girl risked their lives to reach Europe after the German announcement
You let us risk our lives and the lives of our children, for nothing Mohibar Njar
One such woman is Mohibar Njar, who travelled with her husband and sons from Syria after handing over $7,000 (£5,000) to people smugglers. Asked how she felt about the German chancellor, she told Express.co.uk: "You open the door and then you close the door, why do you do this? "You said come to Germany and Europe and we will help you. Now we are miserable You said come. Now you don't want us and we are stranded. "Why couldn't you say no from the beginning? "You let us risk our lives and the lives of our children, for nothing.” She told how she and her young family walked for days through mud and rain, kept warm only by the prospect of reaching Germany where they would be safe.
Express/ Adrian Callaghan Children have been smuggled across borders putting them at risk of death, abuse and sexual violence
But now, stranded in a desolate Serbian migrant camp, she admits: “We would have stayed in Syria. "You can never know how scary it is to take the boat, knowing you might die. Coming from a war, where you might die. "Now you change your mind. Why not come here and tell us why?" Former hairdresser Mrs Njar said the feeling among migrants in the camp is that they are "not human". Her anger was echoed by another 26-year-old woman, who did not want to be named, who travelled alone to Europe with her four-year-old daughter. She said: "We were afraid the whole way. "Before we left we heard that a lot of people had died and there is danger along the whole way. "I didn't know what would happen in the boat or in the forest or if the smugglers knew I was on my own if something would happen to me. "I have been here for two months and I have no idea what will happen to me. Where will I go? Nobody tells us clear information, nothing. "We had two life jackets from the smugglers but before we left they took them from us and they said there was not enough room in the boat and they can fit more people in if the take them. Addressing Mrs Merkel, she added: ”Why did we do this if you change what you say? We did this because you told us we can."
Express/ Adrian Callaghan Children play on a broken chair in the camp at Preševo
Express.co.uk also spoke to 27-year-old migrant Ahahamad Ahmad, who has managed to reach the promised land of Germany but is now desperately waiting to be reunited with his wife Samah. He told Express.co.uk that the pair were separated in Syria because of the war, and that she was forced to leave their homeland later than him. He said: "She is crying every day. I am here with residency and now she is stuck. "Nobody will even tell us what is going on. Are we not human? Do we not deserve any respect from anyone? "I am doing an integration course to integrate with German society and I want to work and have a good life here. "My wife just keeps crying, every day, her mind is so bad. She isn't well." Their anger has been sparked by Germany's growing reluctance to accept any more refugees or migrants, after it was inundated with 1.3 million people last year alone. Under intense pressure from her own party and the public Mrs Merkel has reversed her position on asylum, now saying the numbers must be controlled after integration problems and furious protests. On New Year's Eve over 100 women reported being sexually assaulted in Cologne and robbed by migrant men, while rapes were reported across the country, sparking the wave of angry protests. By this point, women and children from Syria had already left their homes and headed for the country, which is the number one destination of choice for migrants.
Life inside Serbia's migrant camps as borders to Europe remain closed Wed, April 6, 2016 Life inside Serbia's migrant camps as borders to Europe remain closed Play slideshow Adrian Callaghan/Daily Express 1 of 54 I child makes the sign of peace inside a refugee camp, Serbia
Express/ Adrian Callaghan Refugees do not know if they will ever make it to Europe despite Angela Merkel's promise
